http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1235 films (works)
films (works) motion pictures
Seventeen-year-old Greg has managed to become part of every social group at his Pittsburgh high school without having any friends, but his life changes when his mother forces him to befriend Rachel, a girl he once knew in Hebrew school who has leukemia.
The Language and Style of Film Criticism brings together original essays from an international range of academics and film critics highlighting the achievements, complexities and potential of film criticism. In recent years, in contrast to the theoretical, historical and cultural study of film, film criticism has been relatively marginalised, especially within the academy. This book highlights the distinctiveness of film criticism and addresses ways in which it can take a more central place within the academy and develop in dynamic ways outside it. The Language and Style of Film Criticism is essential reading for academics, teachers, students and journalists who wish to understand and appreciate the language and style of film criticism.
Film review 1984-85 : including video releases
Cinema and landscape : film, nation and cultural geography
Elokuvavuosi = Facts and figures. 2015
Did you know that the dog who played Toto in The Wizard of Oz earned more money for the film than any of the munchkins did? Or that three quarters of the women James Bond has slept with have tried to kill him? Would you be surprised to find out that censors in New Zealand cut The Muppet Movie because (according to them) it featured scenes of gratuitous violence? And who would have thought that Jack Nicholson was a strong contender for the role of Hannibal Lecter in Silence of the Lambs?! If you enjoy going to the movies, then you’ll love this book that contains over three hundred amazing facts about your favourite flicks. Organised into sections as diverse as cameos, props, costumes, stunts, original endings, bad decisions and many more, this is the perfect addition for any film fan’s bookshelf.
The producer's business handbook : the roadmap for the balanced film producer
Go 3D or not?
Filmcraft editing
Journey to Italy = Viaggio in Italia
Digital Animation Workflow for Live Cinema : "Roll" - Visual Performance
On-going change in film consumption : is online availability disrupting the offline markets?
Abstract: On-going change in film consumption - Is online availability disrupting the offline markets? The objective of this study was to look into the online film services in Finland and the theories connected to offering that type of online services. The aim was also to look into these services from the point of view of their disruptiveness to the market. A research was conducted to find out the current status of these online film distributors in Finland from the point of view of the customers. The research was mainly of quantitative nature and it was conducted as an online survey. The survey was answered by 123 people and in addition three persons were interviewed to gather more specific experiences and opinions on certain matters. The research revealed that most of the respondents would be willing to try online film services in the future but only few already had experience in using them. Currently more people seem to rather find films from illegal sources to download or prefer to watch them from DVD's or Blu-rays. The research also gave implications that purchasing content online is not a novelty for people anymore and what seems to keep people from using these online services are preconceptions on, for example, their quality and pricing.
Hollywood blockbusters : the anthropology of popular movies
Global Bollywood : travels of Hindi song and dance
The Role of Internet in Marketing Premiering Movies
Charles Krauel : A Profile of a Deaf Filmmaker
Shooting movies without shooting yourself in the foot : becoming a cinematographer
The Stand
How much do you know about the world of Harry Potter? Do you know every creature, spell, and Hogwarts professor? Who played each character in the films? And what about the many uses for dragon blood? This amazing quiz book features 400 questions to test your knowledge of everything Potter. Moving from easy questions that a muggle could answer through to trivia that the Wizengamot would consider beyond them, this book will be fun for the whole family. Test your Harry Potter knowledge and see if you are the ultimate fan!
Producing and Directing the Short Film and Video
Critics review or preceding week̕s admissions explaining movie admissions
How to make animated films : Tony White's complete masterclass on the traditional principles of animation
Kamome Diner : cultural translation and the dialectics of otherness
Visegrad cinema : points of contact from the new waves to the present
Using movies in EFL teaching : the point of view of teachers
The filmgoer's companion
Aesthetics and film
Philosophical film worlds : can films themselves philosophize and if so, how can this be achieved and furthermore interpreted?
Pretty woman : Special edition
The view from the cheap seats : a collection of introductions, essays, and assorted writings
Altman and After : multiple narratives in film
One Hundred Films and a Funeral
Disney
Harry Potter : the amazing quiz book
Lost in translation
The Language and Style of Film Criticism
The avant-garde film : a reader of theory and criticism
Hotelli Firenzessä = a room with a view
Fire simulation for a 3D character with particles and motion capture data in Blender
Color Grading a Feature Film for Digital Cinema
Film, music and induced mixed-emotion
The strange love of Martha Ivers
A people of seers : the political aesthetics of postwar cinema revisited
Compositing visual effects: essentials for the aspiring artist
From perverts to fab five : the media's changing depiction of gay people and lesbians
The value of filmmaking : avant-garde, Hollywood and film linquistics
On-going change in film consumption - Is online availability disrupting the offline markets?
Beyond dolby (stereo) : cinema in the digital sound age
The Queen
Anarchic dance
iPod & iTunes for dummies
In conversation with cinematographers
Characterization in Training Day
Golden years
Last man standing : tales from Tinseltown
Film England : culturally English filmmaking since the 1990s
David Cronenberg : author or film-maker
The princess diarist
A national joke : popular comedy and English cultural identity
International film cooperation inside the Baltic Sea Region and with Japan
Fantastic beasts and where to find them : magical movie handbook
Directing the story : professional storytelling and storyboarding techniques for live action and animation
The role of Internet in marketing premiering movies
Learning objects in education : making videos as an international co-operation
Falling in love again : romantic comedy in contemporary cinema
Sustaining the Hallyu : International Social Media Promotion and Buzz for South Korean Movies and Series
Performing Northern places and identities in children's still-picture animation films
Drive in cinema : essays on film, theory and politics
Oh as a discourse marker
Dances with wolves : the illustrated story of the epic film
The Movies of the Eighties
Set lighting technician's handbook : film lighting equipment, practice, and electrical distribution
Mahtavat  Ambersonit
PBR workflows in Cycles Render Engine : PBR workflows for realistic rendering in Cycles Render Engine
Film review 1986-7 : including video releases
THE GOOD FILM AND VIDEO GUIDE
Subtitling for the deaf and hard-of-hearing : the reception of Moulin Rouge! as a case study
Cinema entertainment : essays on audiences, films and film-makers
Estonian culture : a magazine of true merit where the good reader can gather information about Estonian culture : theatre, film and music and the progression of any kind of creative thought = Libellus periodicus praeclarus quo, lector benevole, te certiorem facere potes de cultu civili Estonico, velut de litteris, de arte scaenica, musica, cinematographika itemque de motu ingenii omnis generis
Eye protein : the cinema of attractions in Guillermo del Toro's Hellboy films
Good Will Hunting
Youngblood
The Hollywood icon best known for her role in "Star Wars" shares interconnected essays exploring her life as the child of Hollywood royalty, adventures on the sets of "Star Wars," and struggles with biploar disorder.
Timing for animation
Horror
Coco Chanel : she conquered with style
The World Hobbit Project at Cardiff University, UK
The film paintings of David Lynch : challenging film theory
In Altman & After: Multiple Narratives in Film, Peter Parshall carefully examines films that feature various plotlines. In each chapter, Parshall looks at a different example of the multi-plot form, such as network narrative and the multiple-draft narrative, demonstrating that the structure of each is central to their artistry, and that these devices open up a variety of creative vistas. Films studied in this book include Nashville, Pulp Fiction, Amores Perros, Code Unknown, The Edge of Heaven, Virgin Stripped Bare by Her Bachelors, Run Lola Run, and Kieslowski's Three Colors trilogy: Red, Whi
Business plans for filmmakers
Reading films through political classics : genres of politics in popular cultures
Gods & monsters : a queer film classic
Producing a 3D animated teaser trailer : case : tale of the orbs
Stash
Architectures of illusion : from motion pictures to navigable interactive enviroments
Media Production : a Practical Guide to Radio and TV
Film Costumes as Icons – three representations of a hero’s iconic film costume
"Sgt. Pompous and the Fancy Pants Club Band" : comparing and contrasting the translations of verbal humor in screen translations of Shrek
The movie, "Barfly" : an original screenplay
Hypermontage
Dancer in the dark
American horror film : the genre at the turn of the millennium
Hot chick : The hot chick
Five screenplays : The Servant, The Pumpkin eater, The Quiller memorandum, Accident, The Go-Between
The Hand Drawn Animation Process : Traditional and Contemporary Methods
50 years of the movies
Not that kind of girl : a young woman tells you what she's "learned"
The technique of film and video editing : history, theory, and practice
Sweet Charity
This is a collection of interviews with some of the most significant British cinematographers of the last 30 years. The subject included here discuss their craft and recount their experiences working on some of the most notable films of the last few decades, including Anna Karenina, Atonement, The Avengers, Casino Royale, The Cider House Rules, Goldeneye, Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets, The Help, and The Prince of Tides. Many of the individuals have also worked on major television films and mini-series, including The Forsythe Saga, Inspector Morse, Life on Mars, Pennies from Heaven, The Singing Detective, and Traffik.
The Guinness book of film : facts and feats
Salainen puutarha = the Secret Garden
"An enthralling collection of nonfiction essays on a myriad of topics--from art and artists to dreams, myths, and memories--observed in #1 New York Times bestselling author Neil Gaiman's probing, amusing, and distinctive style. An inquisitive observer, thoughtful commentator, and assiduous craftsman, Neil Gaiman has long been celebrated for the sharp intellect and startling imagination that informs his bestselling fiction. Now, The View from the Cheap Seats brings together for the first time ever more than sixty pieces of his outstanding nonfiction. Analytical yet playful, erudite yet accessible, this cornucopia explores a broad range of interests and topics, including (but not limited to): authors past and present; music; storytelling; comics; bookshops; travel; fairy tales; America; inspiration; libraries; ghosts; and the title piece, at turns touching and self-deprecating, which recounts the author's experiences at the 2010 Academy Awards in Hollywood. Insightful, incisive, witty, and wise, The View from the Cheap Seats explores the issues and subjects that matter most to Neil Gaiman--offering a glimpse into the head and heart of one of the most acclaimed, beloved, and influential artists of our time"--
Me and Earl and the dying girl : a novel
Reinventing the story : inventions in the film adaptation The green mile by Frank Darabont
Film music : a history
Screenwriting secrets in genre film
Writing for visual media
Film review 1990-1 : including video releases
Documentary storytelling : creative nonfiction on screen
Filming the fantastic : a guide to visual effects cinematography
AS film studies : the essential introduction
Rebecca's daughters
Movies about the movies : Hollywood reflected
British film design : a history
The animated bestiary : animals, cartoons, and culture
Eyes wide shut
Female masochism in film : sexuality, ethics and aesthetics
Maximizing the moment - theories for the practice of editing
Partisans in Yugoslavia : literature, film and visual culture
Indigenous film as a tool for developing and maintaining indigenous culture and identity : how do indigenous films and indigenous film festivals as non-governmental organisations develop and maintain indigenous culture and identity?
Grammar of the edit
Video as a Music Visualization Tool : Project: Aquatic System
Monty Python speaks : the complete oral history of Monty Python, as told by the founding members and a few of their many friends and collaborators
All about Almodóvar : a passion for cinema
Badass bitches, damsels in distress, or something in between? : representation of female characters in superhero action films
The amazing book of movie trivia
The Internet movie database
Humor in Hoodwinked movies : a qualitative content analysis
America's film legacy : the authoritative guide to the landmark movies in the national film registry
The effect of film on destination image and tourists' destination selection
Film-induced Tourism in Finland : Its Current State and Opportunities
The use of colour in movie poster design : an analysis of four genres
The Spanish cinema
Film studies : the basics
Film Tourism: Study on How Films Can Be Used to Promote Tourism
So long, silver screen
John Williams's film music : Jaws, Star Wars, Raiders of the Lost Ark, and the return of the classical Hollywood music style
[Studio]. 3, Elokuvan vuosikirja 1957 : vuoden 1956 ensiesitykset Helsingissä = Filmens årsbok 1957 : filmpremiärerna i Helsingfors år 1956 : the Finnish film to-day
The Hollywood romantic comedy : covent and controversies
How can the film-induced tourism phenomenon be sustainably managed?
"THERE IS GOOD FOR THE BODY, BUT HERE IS BETTER FOR THE SOUL" : the representation of Romanian work migration in the Romanian New Wave films
Nicholson : a biography
Fifty contemporary film directors
Places of the imagination : media, tourism, culture
English summary.
Grace kelly : the secret lives of a princess
The films of Tim Burton : animating live action in contemporary Hollywood
The cider house rules
Responses to heterosexual female masochism have ranged from neglect in theories that focus predominantly or only upon masochistic sexuality within male subjects, to condemnation from feminists who regard it as an inverted expression of patriarchal control rather than a legitimate form of female desire. It has commonly been understood as a passive form of sexuality, thus ignoring the potential for activity and agency that the masochistic position may involve, which underpins the crucial argument that female masochism can be conceived as enquiring ethical activity. Female Masochism in Film avoids these reductive and simplistic approaches by focusing on the ambivalences and intricacies of this type of sexuality and subjectivity.
Animating space : from Mickey to Wall-e
Conversations with Cinematographers
Abstract: Readin films through political classics.
The illustrated book of film lists
The movie book
Gung Ho : starring Michael Keation, director Ron Howard
Alfred Hitchcock's Psycho : a casebook
American history X
