http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12392 partial differential equations
partial differential equations
Partial differential equations : with Mathematica
Finite element approximations for a heat radiation problem
Partial differential equations : analytical and numerical methods
Solving numerical PDEs : problems, applications, exercises
Differential equations with Mathematica
On point sources and near field measurements in inverse acoustic osbstacle scattering
A graph-based multigrid with applications
Navier-Stokes equations
Domain decomposition methods in optimal control of partial differential equations
Selected Topics in Partial Differential Equations
The analysis and geometry of Hardy's inequality
Numerical solution of partial differential equations : an introduction
On the Wolff potential and quasilinear elliptic equations involving measures
Elements of applied bifurcation theory
Regularity properties of solutions of fractional evolution equations
Meshfree methods for the solution of partial differential equations gained much attention in recent years, not only in the engineering but also in the mathematics community. One of the reasons for this development is the fact that meshfree discretizations and particle models are often better suited to cope with geometric changes of the domain of interest, e.g. free surfaces and large deformations, than classical discretization techniques such as finite differences, finite elements or finite volumes. Another obvious advantage of meshfree discretizations is their independence of a mesh so that the costs of mesh generation are eliminated. Also, the treatment of time-dependent PDEs from a Lagrangian point of view and the coupling of particle models and continuous models gained enormous interest in recent years from a theoretical as well as from a practial point of view. This volume consists of articles which address the different meshfree methods (SPH, PUM, GFEM, EFGM, RKPM etc.) and their application in applied mathematics, physics and engineering.
Domain decomposition methods for continuous casting problem
Weakened acute type condition for tetrahedral triangulations and the discrete maximum principle
Partial differential equations in physics
Introduction to partial differential equations with applications
Partial differential equations : basic theory
Compactness and contradiction
Regularity for degenerate nonlinear parabolic partial differential equations
Partial differential equations. 1, Foundations of the classical theory
Introduction to partial differential equations : a computational approach
On the topological degree for a class of mappings of monotone type and applications to strongly nonlinear elliptic problems
Lack of uniqueness in transport equations with a nonlocal nonlinearity
Schaum's outline of theory and problems of partial differential equations
Domain decomposition methods and fast solvers for first-order PDEs
Evolution equations, Feshbach resonances, singular Hodge theory
The subject of partial differential equations has an unchanging core of material but is constantly expanding and evolving. The core consists of solution methods, mainly separation of variables, for boundary value problems with constant coeffi­ cients in geometrically simple domains. Too often an introductory course focuses exclusively on these core problems and techniques and leaves the student with the impression that there is no more to the subject. Questions of existence, uniqueness, and well-posedness are ignored. In particular there is a lack of connection between the analytical side of the subject and the numerical side. Furthermore nonlinear problems are omitted because they are too hard to deal with analytically. Now, however, the availability of convenient, powerful computational software has made it possible to enlarge the scope of the introductory course. My goal in this text is to give the student a broader picture of the subject. In addition to the basic core subjects, I have included material on nonlinear problems and brief discussions of numerical methods. I feel that it is important for the student to see nonlinear problems and numerical methods at the beginning of the course, and not at the end when we run usually run out of time. Furthermore, numerical methods should be introduced for each equation as it is studied, not lumped together in a final chapter.
A posteriori error control for Maxwell and elliptic type problems
Accurate numerical solution of hyperbolic PDEs with source terms
Quasilinear evolutionary equations and continuous interpolation spaces
On the formal integrability of differential algebraic systems
Differential-operator equations : ordinary and partial differential equations
Studies on boundary values of eigenfunctions on spaces of constant negative curvature
Numerical solution of elliptic and parabolic partial differential equations
Introduction to differential equations and dynamical systems
Boundary estimates for solutions to parabolic equations
Meshfree methods for partial differential equations 2
Overlapping domain decomposition for elliptic problems on locally refines meshes : Dirichlet boundary conditions
An analysis of the finite element method
Fully reliable a posteriori error control for evolutionary problems
Meshfree methods for partial differential equations
The versatile soliton
Functional analysis : fundamentals and applications
A basic course in partial differential equations
Principles of partial differential equations
Smoothing and decay estimates for nonlinear diffusion equations : equations of porous medium type
Minimax theorems
This volume presents advances that have been made over recent decades in areas of research featuring Hardy's inequality and related topics. The inequality and its extensions and refinements are not only of intrinsic interest but are indispensable tools in many areas of mathematics and mathematical physics. Hardy inequalities on domains have a substantial role and this necessitates a detailed investigation of significant geometric properties of a domain and its boundary. Other topics covered in this volume are Hardy- Sobolev-Mazya inequalities; inequalities of Hardy-type involving magnetic fields; Hardy, Sobolev and Cwikel-Lieb-Rosenbljum inequalities for Pauli operators; the Rellich inequality. The Analysis and Geometry of Hardys Inequality provides an up-to-date account of research in areas of contemporary interest and would be suitable for a graduate course in mathematics or physics. A good basic knowledge of real and complex analysis is a prerequisite.
On the numerical solution of PDE on curved surfaces and its application
Reaction and diffusion at a gas/liquid interface, II
Modelling disease ecology with mathematics
Nonlinear wave equations with boundarylike antiperiodic conditions
Harnack estimates for supersolutions to a nonlinear degenerate parabolic equation
Fourier series and boundary value problems
Nonlinear elliptic problems with boundary blow-up
Efficient numerical methods for simulating continuous casting processes
Elliptic partial differential equations in geometric analysis and the calculus of variations
On a numerical solution of the Maxwell equations by discrete exterior calculus
Dynamics of evolutionary equations
Infinite-dimensional dynamical systems in mechanics and physics
Finite element methods : a practical guide
Analytic semigroups and optimal regularity in parabolic problems
Summary in Swedish.
Introduction to Hamiltonian fluid dynamics and stability theory
Meshfree methods for partial differential equations 3
Free boundary problems : theory and applications
Applied complex analysis with partial differential equations
On nonhomogeneous quasilinear elliptic equations
Control theory for partial differential equations : continuous and approximation theories. Vol. 1, Abstract parabolic systems
Static instability analysis of an elastic band travelling in the gravitational field
Partial differential equations. 2, Elements of the modern theory : Equations with constant coefficients
An introduction to the mathematical theory of the Navier-Stokes equations. Volume 1, Linearized steady problems
Selected topics in nonlinear wave mechanics
The stress-strain state and stabilization of viscoelastoplastic, imperfect moving web continuum
An introduction to the mathematical theory of the Navier-Stokes equations. Volume 2, Nonlinear steady problems
Blow-up vs. global existence for a semilinear reaction-diffusion system in a bounded domain
Functional spaces for the theory of elliptic partial differential equations
A compendium of partial differential equation models : method of lines analysis with MATLAB
Global existence and non-existence for a parabolic systems with nonlinear boundary conditions
Tools for PDE : pseudodifferential operators, paradifferential operators, and layer potentials
This volume represents the state-of-the-art in meshfree methods. It consists of articles which address the different meshfree techniques, their mathematical properties and their application in applied mathematics, physics and engineering.
Introduction to partial differential equations with MATLAB
Applications of quantum groups to conformally invariant random geometry
Notes on the p-Laplace equation
Hilbert spaces with applications
Modelling and design sensitivity analysis for crane structures
Fundamentals of differential equations ; fundamentals of differential equations and boundary value problems
Shape calculus and finite element method in smooth domains
Meshfree methods for partial differential equations 5
Sobolev spaces in mathematics. II, Applications in analysis and partial differential equations
Discrete maximum principles for nonlinear parabolic PDE systems
Non-selfadjoint inverse spectral problems and their applications to random bodies
Partial differential equations. 1, Basic theory
Partial differential equations in Clifford analysis
Partial differential equations and complex analysis
Nonlinear partial differential equations for scientists and engineers
Multilevel adaptive methods for partial differential equations
A comparison of simplicial and block finite elements
Lectures on theoretical physics. Vol. 6, Partial differential equations in physics
Partial differential equations : an introduction
Regularity of free boundaries in obstacle-type problems
The numerical treatment of partial differential equations with particle methods and meshfree discretization techniques is a very active research field both in the mathematics and engineering community. Due to their independence of a mesh, particle schemes and meshfree methods can deal with large geometric changes of the domain more easily than classical discretization techniques. Furthermore, meshfree methods offer a promising approach for the coupling of particle models to continuous models. This volume of LNCSE is a collection of the papers from the proceedings of the Second International Workshop on Meshfree Methods held in September 2003 in Bonn. The articles address the different meshfree methods (SPH, PUM, GFEM, EFGM, RKPM, etc.) and their application in applied mathematics, physics and engineering. The volume is intended to foster this new and exciting area of interdisciplinary research and to present recent advances and results in this field.
This text on partial differential equations is intended for readers who want to understand the theoretical underpinnings of modern PDEs in settings that are important for the applications without using extensive analytic tools required by most advanced texts. The assumed mathematical background is at the level of multivariable calculus and basic metric space material, but the latter is recalled as relevant as the text progresses. The key goal of this book is to be mathematically complete without overwhelming the reader, and to develop PDE theory in a manner that reflects how researchers would think about the material. A concrete example is that distribution theory and the concept of weak solutions are introduced early because while these ideas take some time for the students to get used to, they are fundamentally easy and, on the other hand, play a central role in the field. Then, Hilbert spaces that are quite important in the later development are introduced via completions which give essentially all the features one wants without the overhead of measure theory.
Elliptic equations with nonstandard growth involving measure data
Generalized solutions of a system of differential equations of the first order and elliptic type with discontinuous coefficients
Partial differential equations : sources and solutions
Fundamentals of differential equations
Analysis of errors caused by incomplete knowledge of material data in mathematical models of elastic media
Partial differential equations : an accessible route through theory and applications
Model reduction and level set methods for shape optimization problems
Equations of mathematical physics
Eigenfunction expansions associated with second-order differential equations
Elliptic PDEs, measures and capacities : from the poisson equation to nonlinear Thomas-Fermi problems
Quadrature domains and their applications : the Harold S. Shapiro anniversary volume
"The book gives thorough coverage of the derivation and solution methods for all fundamental nonlinear model equations, such as Korteweg-de Vries, Camassa-Holm, Degasperis-Procesi, Euler-Poincare, Toda lattice, Boussinesq, Burgers, Fisher, Whitham, nonlinear Klein-Gordon, sine-Gordon, nonlinear Schrodinger, nonlinear reaction-diffustion, and Euler-Lagrange equations.".
Control theory for partial differential equations : continuous and approximation theories. Vol. 2, Abstract hyperbolic-like systems cover a finite time horizon
Partial differential equations with Mathematica
Partial differential equations : theory and numerical solutions
Recovery of scalar-diffusion from the distributed observation by minimizing the dual norm
Meshfree methods for partial differential equations 4
Introduction to the finite element method : problems
Oscillation theory of partial differential equations
Eigenfunction expansions : associated with second-order differential equations. Part 1
On a fractional partial differential equation with dominating linear part
The analysis and solution of partial differential equations
The numerical treatment of partial differential equations with particle methods and meshfree discretization techniques is an extremely active research field, both in the mathematics and engineering communities. Meshfree methods are becoming increasingly mainstream in various applications. Due to their independence of a mesh, particle schemes and meshfree methods can deal with large geometric changes of the domain more easily than classical discretization techniques. Furthermore, meshfree methods offer a promising approach for the coupling of particle models to continuous models. This volume of LNCSE is a collection of the papers from the proceedings of the Fifth International Workshop on Meshfree Methods, held in Bonn in August 2009. The articles address the different meshfree methods and their use in applied mathematics, physics and engineering. The volume is intended to foster this highly active and exciting area of interdisciplinary research and to present recent advances and findings in this field.
The analysis of linear partial differential operators
The numerical method of lines : integration of partial differential equations
Analysis in Banach spaces. Volume I, Martingales and Littlewood-Paley theory
Commutator characterization of periodic pseudodifferential operators
A unified approach to direct and inverse scattering for acoustic and electromagnetic waves
The goal of this work is to present the principles of functional analysis in a clear and concise way. The first three chapters of Functional Analysis: Fundamentals and Applications describe the general notions of distance, integral and norm, as well as their relations. The three chapters that follow deal with fundamental examples: Lebesgue spaces, dual spaces and Sobolev spaces. Two subsequent chapters develop applications to capacity theory and elliptic problems. In particular, the isoperimetric inequality and the Pólya-Szegő and Faber-Krahn inequalities are proved by purely functional methods. The epilogue contains a sketch of the history of functional analysis, in relation with integration and differentiation.
A posteriori error estimates for variational problems in the theory of viscous fluids
"For mathematicians and engineers interested in applying numerical methods to physical problems this book is ideal. Numerical ideas are connected to accompanying software, which is also available online. By seeing the complete description of the methods in both theory and implementation, students will more easily gain the knowledge needed to write their own application programs or develop new theory. The book contains careful development of the mathematical tools needed for analysis of the numerical methods, including elliptic regularity theory and approximation theory. Variational crimes, due to quadrature, coordinate mappings, domain approximation and boundary conditions, are analyzed. The claims are stated with full statement of the assumptions and conclusions, and use subscripted constants which can be traced back to the origination (particularly in the electronic version, which is available online and on the accompanying CD-ROM)"--
Smoothness properties of solutions to Dirichlet problems in domains with a fractal boundary
Electromagnetic wave propagation in non-homogeneous waveguides
The present volume develops the theory of integration in Banach spaces, martingales and UMD spaces, and culminates in a treatment of the Hilbert transform, Littlewood-Paley theory and the vector-valued Mihlin multiplier theorem. Over the past fifteen years, motivated by regularity problems in evolution equations, there has been tremendous progress in the analysis of Banach space-valued functions and processes. The contents of this extensive and powerful toolbox have been mostly scattered around in research papers and lecture notes. Collecting this diverse body of material into a unified and accessible presentation fills a gap in the existing literature. The principal audience that we have in mind consists of researchers who need and use Analysis in Banach Spaces as a tool for studying problems in partial differential equations, harmonic analysis, and stochastic analysis. Self-contained and offering complete proofs, this work is accessible to graduate students and researchers with a background in functional analysis or related areas.
The numerical treatment of partial differential equations with particle methods and meshfree discretization techniques is a very active research field both in the mathematics and engineering community. Due to their independence of a mesh, particle schemes and meshfree methods can deal with large geometric changes of the domain more easily than classical discretization techniques. Furthermore, meshfree methods offer a promising approach for the coupling of particle models to continuous models. This volume of LNCSE is a collection of the proceedings papers of the Fourth International Workshop on Meshfree Methods held in September 2007 in Bonn. The articles address the different meshfree methods (SPH, PUM, GFEM, EFGM, RKPM, etc.) and their application in applied mathematics, physics and engineering. The volume is intended to foster this very active and exciting area of interdisciplinary research and to present recent advances and results in this field.
Differential models of hysteresis
Dynamical systems and probabilistic methods in partial differential equations : 1994 Summer Seminar on Dynamical Systems and Probabilistic Methods for Nonlinear Waves, June 20 - July 1, 1994, MSRI, Berkeley, CA
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Schauder estimates for equations with fractional derivatives
Regularity for parabolic quasiminimizers in metric measure spaces
Shape optimization utilizing consistent sensitivities
Partial differential equations. 2, Qualitative studies of linear equations
Hyperbolic partial differential equations and geometric optics
