http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12336 data archives
data archives
Scientific information and society
Short course in accessing information : Satakunta Polytechnic Library
Core technologies for the cultural and scientific heritage sector : DigiCULT technology watch report 3, January 2005
Linked data for libraries, archives and museums : how to clean, link and publish your metadata
Exploring big historical data : the historian's macroscope
Chinese folk designs : [220 permission-free designs]
Collecting, managing, and assessing data using sample surveys
Digital historical maps. 8, Report from WP8 : Market Activities
The future of archives and recordkeeping : a reader
Music librarianship at the turn of the century
Introduction / Douglas A. Boyd and Mary A. Larson. Part I. Orality/aurality. Oral history in the age of digital possibilities / William Schneider. Why do we call it oral history? : refocusing on orality/aurality in the digital age / Sherna Berger Gluck. Adventures in sound : aural history, the digital revolution, and the making of " 'I can almost see the lights of home' : a field trip to Harlan County Kentucky" / Charles Hardy III. "I just want to click on it to listen" : oral history archives, orality and usability / Douglas A. Boyd. Part II. Discovery and discourse. Beyond the transcript : oral history as pedagogy / Marjorie McLellan. Notes from the field : digital history and oral history / Gerald Zahavi. Densho : the Japanese American Legacy Project / Tom Ikeda. Deconstruction without destruction : creating metadata for oral history in a digital world / Elinor Mazé. "We all begin with a story" : discovery and discourse in the digital realm / Mary A. Larson. Part III. Oral history and digital humanities perspectives. Swimming in the exaflood : oral history as information in the digital age / Stephen Sloan. [O]ral [h]istory and the [d]igital [h]umanities" / Dean Rehberger.
Proceedings of the DLM-Forum on Electronic Records, Brussels, 18-20 December 1996.
Service-Oriented Perspectives in Design Science Research : 6th International Conference, DESRIST 2011, Milwaukee, WI, USA, May 5-6, 2011. Proceedings
Using technology to manage and improve healthcare projects
Digital applications for cultural and heritage institutions
New directions for academic liaison librarians
The intimate archive : journeys through private papers
Proceedings of the DLM-Forum on electronic records : European citizens and electronic information: the memory of the Information Society, Brussels, 18-19 October 1999.
Building a regional clearinghouse for spatial information : views and experiences based on a research project in SW Finland
The changes of the past few decades have occasioned a review of what it is that archives are doing as a discipline. These changes have come from several quarters: interdisciplinary engagement with the notion of the archive; technological developments, not least the advent of Web 2.0; and, the information explosion and the growth of several allied disciplines, including records and information management. This timely reader asks where the discipline has come from and where it must now go to remain professionally relevant in the 21st century, by negotiating the complex boundaries and borders of the 'state of the archive', in terms of geographical borders and nationalities and disciplinary borders. The book is divided into four primary sections covering the following key themes: defining archives; shaping a discipline; Archives 2.0: archives in society; and, archives in the information age: is there still a role for the archive professional? This book offers a clearly structured approach to developments in archives and record keeping.
Informatics in medical imaging
Freedom of information : open access, empty archives?
Archives & museum informatics
Digital historical maps. 7, Report from WP7 : Production and production methods
Curating oral histories : from interview to archive
"Parallel lives" : digital and analog options for access and preservation : papers given at the Joint conference of the National Preservation Office and King's College London, held 10 November 2003 at the British Library
Doing a literature search : a comprehensive guide for the social sciences
Japanese designs : 454 permission - free designs
Archives in the European Union : report of the group of experts on the coordination of archives
"To work, to life or to death" : studies in working class lore
Designing universal knowledge
Oral history and digital humanities : voice, access, and engagement
Digital archaeology : the art and science of digital forensics
Digital communication in medical practice
Healthcare informatics : improving efficiency and productivity
Management assistant's guide to information seeking
The management of information from archives
This book constitutes the refereed proceedings of the 6th International Conference on Service-Oriented Perspectives in Design Science Research, DERIST 2011, held in Milwaukee, WI, USA, in May 2011. The 29 revised full papers presented together with 5 revised short papers were carefully reviewed and selected from 50 submissions. The papers are organized in topical sections on design theory, design science research strategies, design methods and techniques, design evaluation, design guidelines, service-oriented perspectives in design science, process design, neuroscience in design research, and designing for social media.
Open access : what you need to know now
New international dictionary of acronyms in library and information science and related fields
Interreg PACS : final report : project 02/10/64, fimos 106404 : Southern Finland Coastal Zone Interreg IIIA Joint Programme
Subject access and content description of sound effects in internet environment : Tampere Polytechnic Library,  Digital sound library project : project report
Electronic information resources and historians : European perspectives
Data quality : the accuracy dimension
The concept of record : report from the Second Stockholm Conference on Archival Science and the Concept of Record, 30-31 May 1996.
eHealth and eWelfare of Finland : checkpoint 2011
Digital historical maps. 9, Report from WP9 : Evaluation of access to the material
The institutional repository
The analytics journey : from data to information to knowledge-based management
Coming to terms with a dark past : how post-conflict societies deal with history
By word of mouth : "élite" oral history
Information management and archival data
Tietohuolto = Information and documentation. Tunnukset = Identifiers
"It has become increasingly accepted that important digital data must be retained and shared in order to preserve and promote knowledge, advance research in and across all disciplines of scholarly endeavor, and maximize the return on investment of public funds. To meet this challenge, colleges and universities are adding data services to existing infrastructures by drawing on the expertise of information professionals who are already involved in the acquisition, management and preservation of data in their daily jobs. Data services include planning and implementing good data management practices, thereby increasing researchers' ability to compete for grant funding and ensuring that data collections with continuing value are preserved for reuse. This volume provides a framework to guide information professionals in academic libraries, presses, and data centers through the process of managing research data from the planning stages through the life of a grant project and beyond. It illustrates principles of good practice with use-case examples and illuminates promising data service models through case studies of innovative, successful projects and collaborations"--
Celtic designs : cd-rom & book
Revealing privacy : debating the understandings of privacy
Planning national infrastructures for documentation, libraries, and archives : outline of a general policy
Crowdsourcing our cultural heritage
Digital historical maps. 2, Report from WP2 : Specification of system functionality
Enriching cultural heritage : CIDOC 2012 Helsinki, Finland 10-14.6.2012 : abstracts & programme
Research data management : practical strategies for information professionals
On long-term digital preservation information systems : a framework and characteristics for development
International evaluation of the national archives service of Finland
Principles of appraisal and their application in electronic environment : European models and concepts
Beyond the archives : research as a lived process
History of oral history : foundations and methodology
Digital scholarship
Digital media : technological and social challenges of the interactive world
Digital historical maps. Final comprehensive report
Guidelines on best practices for using electronic information : how to deal with machine-readable data and electronic documents
Health information technology in community pharmacies : a strategic approach
Research beyond borders : multidisciplinary reflections
Electronic document archiving in Häme Polytechnic
Digital historical maps. 3, Report from WP3 : The DHM homepage and prototype system
Digital historical maps. 4, Report from WP4 : Storage and archiving
Content-based search and browsing in semantic multimedia retrieval
World guide to library, archive, and information science associations
Digital historical maps. 1, Report from WP1 : Existing systems and demands on user functionality
The Sage handbook of online research methods
Digital historical maps. 5, Report from WP5 : Copyright issues, charging and billing procedures
Narrative and genre
Indigenous notions of ownership and libraries, archives and museums
Digital historical maps. 10, Report from WP10 : Evaluation of storage and archiving
The Digital Humanities have arrived at a moment when digital Big Data is becoming more readily available, opening exciting new avenues of inquiry but also new challenges. This pioneering book describes and demonstrates the ways these data can be explored to construct cultural heritage knowledge, for research and in teaching and learning. It helps humanities scholars to grasp Big Data in order to do their work, whether that means understanding the underlying algorithms at work in search engines, or designing and using their own tools to process large amounts of information. Demonstrating what digital tools have to offer and also what 'digital' does to how we understand the past, the authors introduce the many different tools and developing approaches in Big Data for historical and humanistic scholarship, show how to use them, what to be wary of, and discuss the kinds of questions and new perspectives this new macroscopic perspective opens up. Authored 'live' online with ongoing feedback from the wider digital history community, Exploring Big Historical Data breaks new ground and sets the direction for the conversation into the future. It represents the current state-of-the-art thinking in the field and exemplifies the way that digital work can enhance public engagement in the humanities. Exploring Big Historical Data should be the go-to resource for undergraduate and graduate students confronted by a vast corpus of data, and researchers encountering these methods for the first time. It will also offer a helping hand to the interested individual seeking to make sense of genealogical data or digitized newspapers, and even the local historical society who are trying to see the value in digitizing their holdings.
The top technologies every librarian needs to know
Proceedings of the DLM-Forum 2002 : access and preservation of electronic information : best practices and solutions, Barcelona, 6-8 May 2002
Database archiving : how to keep lots of data for a very long time
