http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12341 ore reserves
ore reserves
Precambrian industrial minerals of Karelia (Russia)
Mineral deposits of the world : ores, industrial minerals and rocks
Mineral resource estimation has changed considerably in the past 25 years: geostatistical techniques have become commonplace and continue to evolve; computational horsepower has revolutionized all facets of numerical modeling; mining and processing operations are often larger; and uncertainty quantification is becoming standard practice. Recent books focus on historical methods or details of geostatistical theory. So there is a growing need to collect and synthesize the practice of modern mineral resource estimation into a book for undergraduate students, beginning graduate students, and young geologists and engineers. It is especially fruitful that this book is written by authors with years of relevant experience performing mineral resource estimation and with years of relevant teaching experience. This comprehensive textbook and reference fills this need.
Examination and valuation of mineral property
Modern civilization's dependence upon an increasing volume and diversity of minerals makes the search for new ore deposits ever more difficult. Now available from Waveland Press, Guilbert & Park's text presents ideas, principles, and data fundamental for beginning economic geologists to understand the genesis and localization of ore deposits and of the minerals associated with them. The authors comprehensively describe the physical and chemical characteristics of ore deposits, and correlate them with environments and conditions of deposition since ore deposits are best interpreted as extensions of the environments responsible for their enclosing rocks. Examples and illustrations emphasize structural, chemical, and temporal controls and encourage the three-dimensional thinking used by productive explorationists as they face unsolved problems. This upper-level undergraduate text is fully illustrated and meticulously indexed. Its reliable, authoritative coverage assumes an upper-level command of chemistry and physics, as well as mineralogy, petrology, and structural geology. Outstanding features include: 1) develops and combines the abilities of the explorationist and of the researcher of ore-forming processes; 2) structures the geologic descriptions into groupings recognized by researches and explorers alike; 3) builds confidence, revitalizes curiosity, and encourages expanded thinking; 4) emphasizes that the days of "easy" discovery of outcropping ores are not over; and 5) includes revised, expanded, and updated descriptions of districts.
Geology and ore petrology of the Akanvaara and Koitelainen mafic layered intrusions and the Keivitsa-Satovaara layered complex, northern Finland
Geoscience for society : 125th anniversary volume
Mineral deposits: from their origins to their environmental impacts : proceedings of the third Biennial SGA Meeting, Prague/Czech Republic, 28-31 August 1995
Magmatic sulfide deposits : geology, geochemistry and exploration
Ore mineralizations of the Krušné hory Mts. (Erzgebirge) : excursion guide : Karel Breiter & Reimar Seltmann
Mineral deposits : research and exploration : where do they meet? : proceedings of the fourth biennial SGA meeting, Turku/Finland/11-13 August 1997
"A decade ago, hardly anyone had heard of this obscure mineral, used to manufacture the cell phones and laptops that have become so central to our daily lives. Then, in 2000, reports emerged about mines deep in the Congo jungle where coltan was being extracted in brutal conditions watched over by warlords. The UN team sent to investigate revealed how international competition for coltan was contributing to the ongoing collapse of the DRC and the continuation of a war that has cost millions of lives. ... Michael Nest unravels a complex story to offer a clear and compelling analysis of the relationship between coltan and violence in the Congo, and the battle between activists and corporations to reshape the global tantalum supply chain."--
Mineral deposits and metallogeny of Fennoscandia
Excursion Guidebook Finrus : Ni-Cr-PGE deposits of Finland : excursion held 5-11 August 2013
Introducing natural resources
Mineral deposits of Canada : a synthesis of major deposit-types, district metallogeny, the evolution of geological provinces, and exploration methods
Geophysics in mineral exploration : fundamentals and case histories
Application of till and stream sediment heavy mineral and geochemical methods to mineral exploration in western and northern Canada
Geological methods in mineral exploration and mining
Mineral deposits : processes to processing : proceedings of the Fifth Biennial SGA Meeting and the Tenth Quadrennial IAGOD Symposium/London/United Kingdom/22-25 August 1999. Vol. 1
Geochemistry of hydrothermal ore deposits
Mineral deposits : processes to processing : proceedings of the Fifth Biennial SGA Meeting and the Tenth Quadrennial IAGOD Symposium/London/United Kingdom/22-25 August 1999. Vol. 2
Geophysical signatures of mineral deposit types in Finland
Seismic reflection profiling for massive sulfide exploration in Finland
Mineral deposits of Finland
Assessment of phosphate in the Ikutha iron ore deposit, Kenya
The geology and gold mineralization of the Guayaramerin area
The geology of ore deposits
The earth - a great storehouse
Ore reserve estimation and grade control : a Canadian centennial conference sponsored by the Geology and Metal Mining divisions of the C.I.M : held at Hotel L'Esterel, Ville d'Esterel, Quebec, September 25-27, 1967.
The CIS mining industry in a transition period : with special reference to Finnish mining prospects
Introduction to mineral exploration
Geology of gem deposits
Sea-bed mineral resource development : recent activities of the international consortia
Earth resources and the environment
Metals and society : an introduction to economic geology
