http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12354 flamenco (dance)
flamenco (dance)
The flamenco tradition
Paco de Lucía and family : the master plan
Anthology of flamenco falsetas : Traditional flamenco guitar music
Flamenco guitar : a complete method for playing flamenco
Flamenco : gypsy dance and music from Andalusia
Dance spaces : practices of movement
Spain : a musician's journey through time and space. Volume II
The language of Spanish dance : a dictionary and reference manual
The flamenco fanatic : the complete guide
Sami Yaffa Sound tracker : explore the world in music. Spain
You can teach yourself flamenco guitar
The Flamenco Tradition
Modes of flamenco
A folksinger's guide to flamenco guitar
Spanish dancing : a handbook on steps and style including two solo dances
THE KEYS TO FLAMENCO GUITAR
An introduction to the Flamenco guitar
Easy steps to flamenco guitar : play along and learn!
The art of accompanying flamenco dance
Flamenco music theory : rhythm, harmony, melody, form
Aprende el cajón flamenco : Learn how to play the flamenco "cajón"
Achilifunk /  Gipsy Soul 1969 - 1979
Guitarra de Palo is a 70 minutes independent musical movie on the verge of documentary and fiction whose purpose is filming the music from "inside" understanding the music itself and the culture around. It was made between the spring of 2009 and summer of 2011 by the flamenco guitarist and composer Antón Jiménez and I, Andrea Zapata Girau, who co-produced, directed, filmed and edited it. Flamenco is the main music style in the film but, without loosing its roots, it dialogues with other styles such as Latin-jazz, Russian folklore or contemporary classical music. In the cast you can find some of the main names of those styles, artists such as the dancer Lola Greco, the flamenco singer Diego "El Cigala" or the Latin-jazz trumpet player Jerry González. As we did not have any grants or a production company behind, all the artists participated disinterestedly, just because they liked the concept. We wanted the locations to be the ones the music evocated, in addition the musicians involved lived in different countries, so the movie turned into a long trip searching for those elements. Places such as Andalusia, Berlin, Havana, Cayman Islands, Nicaragua or New York, with their people and pieces of everyday life, also became the protagonists of the film. Guitarra de Palo will be screened on TV, theaters and distributed on DVD. When showed in theatres it  will have a show after the screening that brings the whole world of Guitarra de Palo to the stage.
Song of the outcasts : an introduction to flamenco
The complete guitar experience
Gipsy guitar : rumbas flamencas ... y mas : Rumba-Techniken der Flamenco-Gitarre = rumba-styles of the flamenco guitar
Flamenco music and national identity in Spain
Learn to play flamenco guitar
Progressive flamenco classical artistry
The flamenco guitar : a complete method for playing flamenco music on the Spanish guitar, suitable for the beginner, the advanced player and the teacher
Flamenco, regionalism and musical heritage in southern Spain
Practica el cajón flamenco : practice the flamenco "cajón"
The flamenco guitar : complete method for playing flamenco music on the Spanish guitar, suitable for the beginner, the advanced player, and the teacher
Carmen's dance : a fantasy of Spanish flamenco and opera
The flamenco guitar
TOQUES FLAMENCOS
Flamenco : your passport to a new world of music
Flamenco : conflicting histories of the dance
Flamenco guitar method : for teaching and private study. Volume 2.
21 estudios para guitarra flamenca : nivel elemental = Twenty-one studies for flamenco guitar : basic level
The Flamenco Guitar : From its birth in the hands of the guitarrero to its ultimate celebration in the hands of the Flamenco Guitarist
The Limits of control : original motion picture soundtrack
Learn how to play the acoustic guitar : a complete guide with 750 step-by-step photographs, illustrations and musical exercises
Don Juan DeMarco : Original motion picture soundtrack
Gypsies and flamenco : the emergence of the art of flamenco in Andalusia
The art of flamenco
City of ideas : Ciudad de las ideas
Flamenco guitar : music of the Andalusian provences of Spain
Theory and practice of flamenco guitar
Flamenco guitar method : for teaching and private study. Volume 1.
The flamenco/classical guitar tradition. Volume 1, A technical guitar method and introduction to music
The Flamenco tradition. Part 1
Flamenco guitar method for beginners : a primer leading to 'An introduction to the flamenco guitar'
The Keys to flamenco guitar. Volume one
Flamenco : the art of flamenco, its history and development until our days
The keys to flamenco guitar. Volume one
Flamenco essentials : the complete beginners guide to flamenco dance, music and song
Flamenco guitar step by step. Vol. 1
Antonia Mercé "La Argentina" : flamenco and the Spanish avant-garde
20 best of Europe
Flamenco : ... all you wanted to know
The Flamenco Guitar
Easy flamenco solos : by Mel Agen
Flamenco chill & house
The flamenco/classical guitar tradition. Volume 1 : A technical guitar method and introduction to music
Flamenco guitar step by step. Vol. 2
Flamenco guitar method for beginners
Essential flamenco guitar : an in-depth course for absolute beginners to more advanced players. Volume 1, Basic techniques : Soleá ; Alegrías
The Flamenco guitar : A complete method for playing flamenco
The flamencos of Cádiz Bay
The versatile guitarist : a complete course in a variety of musical styles
The cantaoras : music, gender, and identity in flamenco song
