http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12422 irreligiousness
irreligiousness
Blasphemy in modern Britain : 1789 to the present
Religion and its other : secular and sacral concepts and practices in interaction
Provides an unflinching look into the minds of doubters, atheists and freethinkers, exposing much that is wrong with religion and posing alternatives to it that constitute various nonreligious ethical systems.
This volume deals with the cultural and legal debates which have counterposed the right to free speech and the need to protect Christian sensibilities in Britain from the time of the French Revolution to the present day. Central to the book is a close study of the content and public reception of the anti-Christian literature of the 19th century associated with the names G.W. Foote and J.W. Gott, the "Freethinker" and the "Truthseeker". David Nash here also examines a variety of critical-theoretical approaches to blasphemy and blasphemous writing, including postmodernism and the work of Foucault and Said. The book concludes with a detailed examination of 20th-century blasphemy cases, up to and including the "Gay News" case, "The Last Temptation of Christ" and "Visions of Ecstasy".
Secularisation in Western Europe, 1848-1914
Philosophers without Gods : meditations on atheism and the secular life
The young atheist's handbook : lessons for living a good life without God
One nation under God? : a critical discourse analysis on Barack Obama's and Mitt Romney's attitudes towards religion and non-religiousness
The God delusion
Religion with/out religion : the prayers and tears of John D. Caputo
Faith no more : why people reject religion
Belief without borders : inside the minds of the spiritual but not religious
American secularism : cultural contours of nonreligious belief systems
The nonreligious : understanding secular people and societies
For the millions of Americans who want spirituality without religion, Sam Harris's new book is a guide to meditation as a rational spiritual practice informed by neuroscience and psychology. Waking Up is for the 30 percent of Americans who follow no religion, but who suspect that Jesus, Buddha, Lao Tzu, Rumi, and the other saints and sages of history could not have all been epileptics, schizophrenics, or frauds. Throughout the book, Harris argues that there are important truths to be found in the experiences of such contemplatives -- and, therefore, that there is more to understanding reality than science and secular culture generally allow. Waking Up is part seeker's memoir and part exploration of the scientific underpinnings of spirituality.
The problem of unbelief in the sixteenth century : the religion of Rabelais
Doubt, atheism, and the nineteenth-century Russian intelligentsia
Exploring European changes in religious and secular beliefs and practices related to life passages, this book provides a deeper understanding of the impacts of social change on personal identity and adjustment across the life course. Drawing on fascinating oral histories of older people's memories in both Eastern and Western Europe, this book presents illuminating views on peoples' quests for existential meaning in later life and an invaluable resource for all those exploring issues of ageing.
Religion: Beyond Religion introduces the reader to life outside of religion via the study of secularity. Composed of twenty thematic chapters, this volume begins with an overview chapter designed to familiarize the reader with common terms used in the field. The book's first section focuses on how secularity functions in society, its second section on the psychological and philosophical aspects of secularity. Throughout the volume, the chapters discuss many alternatives to religion, including atheism, agnosticism, and humanism. A broader discussion of how society is becoming more secular and why people choose to be nonreligious echoes through each chapter. Using an interdisciplinary approach, undergraduate and lay readers are given a deeper understanding of the study of religion. Chapters are written by eminent scholars, are peer reviewed, and offer bibliographies to encourage further exploration. The volume concludes with a glossary and a comprehensive index.
Inside, outside and the space in-between : territories and boundaries in the study of religion
Imagine there's no heaven : how atheism helped create the modern world
Islam and Muslims in Ghana : the 'Muslim factor' in a West African secular state
Emerging non-religious worldview prototypes : a faith Q-sort-study on Finnish group-affiliates
Families and faith : how religion is passed down across generations
The plot to kill God : findings from the Soviet experiment in secularization
Life driven purpose : how an atheist finds meaning
The superstitions of the irreligious
Irreligion : a mathematician explains why the arguments for God just don't add up
Twins, siblings and close neighbours : the uses of metaphor and the genealogy of the study of religions - a response to Kim Knott
Waking up : a guide to spirituality without religion
Varieties of unbelief
Atheism : a reader
The portable atheist : essential readings for the nonbeliever
Signposts : policy and practice for teaching about religions and non-religious world views in intercultural education
Recognizing the non-religious : reimagining the secular
Losing my religion : how I lost my faith reporting on religion in America - and found unexpected peace
Everything you know about god is wrong
Ageing, ritual and social change : comparing the secular and religious in Eastern and Western Europe
God is not great : the case against religion
During his 2009 inaugural speech, President Obama described the United States as a nation of "Christians and Muslims, Jews and Hindus--and nonbelievers." It was the first time an American president had acknowledged the existence of this rapidly growing segment of the population in such a public forum. And yet the reasons why more and more people are turning away from religion are still poorly understood. In Faith No More, Phil Zuckerman draws on in-depth interviews with people who have left religion to find out what's really behind the process of losing one's faith. According to a 2008 study, so many Americans claim no religion (15%, up from 8% in 1990) that this category now outranks every other religious group except Catholics and Baptists. Exploring the deeper stories within such survey data, Zuckerman shows that leaving one's faith is a highly personal, complex, and drawn-out process. And he finds that, rather than the cliche of the angry, nihilistic atheist, apostates are life-affirming, courageous, highly intelligent and inquisitive, and deeply moral. Zuckerman predicts that this trend toward nonbelief will likely continue and argues that the sooner we recognize that religion is frequently and freely rejected by all sorts of men and women, the sooner our understanding of the human condition will improve. The first book of its kind, Faith No More will appeal to anyone interested in the "New Atheism" and indeed to anyone wishing to more fully understand our changing relationship to religious faith. - Publisher.
The secular Northwest : religion and irreligion in everyday postwar life
Life, sex and ideas : the good life without God
Truth and faith in ethics
What is humanism? How do you live without a God? : and other big questions for kids
Big gods : how religion transformed cooperation and conflict
God is not great : how religion poisons everything
Religion : beyond religion
The unbelievers: the evolution of modern atheism
Insider/outsider issues are of central importance for the definitions of religion and for the identity of religious groups, for the subjectivity and relationships of their adherents, for methodological issues within the study of religions and for the relationship between non-theological and thological studies of religion. Conceptions of 'inside', 'outside' and 'boundary', the emotions surrounding them, their origins in the social relations of body, family and strangers, and the metaphors used to depict and manage them all provide important insights for thinking about religions, how they are studies and by whom. A discussion of socio-spatial and cognitive linguistic theories of categorisation, containment and boundary-making is followed by several case studies in which territories and boundaries are explored with reference to the relationship between 'religion' and 'magic' in medieval Europe, the Enlightenment construction of 'religion', 'religions' and 'non-religion', and briefly, the disciplinary engagement of religious studies and theology. The application of the concept of the 'sacred' to these boundaries and the spaces they produce is considered.
The sociology of secularisation : a critique of a concept
"The image of a rough frontier--where working men were tempted away from church on Sundays by more profane concerns--was perpetuated by postwar church leaders, who decried the decline of religious involvement on the west coast. The Secular Northwest debunks the myth of a godless frontier, revealing a Pacific Northwest that was serious about its secularity, consciously rejecting the trappings of organized religion but not necessarily spirituality--and not necessarily God. In this pioneering new book, Tina Block challenges notions of feminine piety and spiritual practice, reconceiving the role of religion in the postwar era. Women, families, and middle-class communities all helped to shape Northwest secularism, but the freedom to be religiously uninvolved came at a cost: the rejection of religion often led to family, gender, and class tensions. Drawing on oral histories, census data, news articles, and private archives, Block paints irreligion as a dynamic element of Northwest identity, grounded in the region's unique geography, the cultural permeability of the Canada United States border, the independent spirit of those who called the region home, and their openness to secular ways of experiencing the world."--
