http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12474 thymus
thymus
Autoimmune regulator protein interaction with DNA-dependent protein kinase and its role in apoptosis
Trojan is a novel leukocyte-specific protein cloned from chicken (Gallus gallus) embryonic thymocytes. The molecule is a type I transmembrane protein with an extracellular CCP domain followed by two FN3 domains. Its cytoplasmic tail is predicted to possess a MAPK docking and a PKA phosphorylation site. Trojan displays differential expression on developing thymocyte subpopulations. It is high on CD4 and CD8 double negative, and CD4 or CD8 single positive cells, but diminishes from the surface of selection-undergoing CD4 and CD8 double positive cells. This expression pattern is similar to that of anti-apoptotic molecules such as IL-7Rα and BCL-2. We hypothesised an involvement of Trojan in the regulation of apoptosis, possibly as an anti-apoptotic receptor. Our in vitro studies with a T cell line showed that upon apoptosis induction, Trojan expression rises dramatically on the surface of surviving cells and gradually decreases towards its normal levels as cells recover. When sorted based on their Trojan levels, cells with high expression appear less susceptible to apoptotic induction than those bearing no Trojan on their surface. Cells that overexpress Trojan from a cDNA plasmid show elevated steady state intracellular calcium, suggesting the molecule is able to transmit cytoplasmic signals. In addition, computational analyses pointed towards an involvement of MAPK and a possible regulatory mechanism by PKA.Trojan belongs to a novel gene family that includes two other members in the chicken. One is a receptor-type tyrosine phosphatase named Mystran, and the other - a transmembrane protein with an ITAM, named Thracian. We discovered the family in other avian species and found related genes in reptiles and coalecanth fish. We observed dynamic adaptation of their extracellular regions possibly in concert with ligand-binding, association with other surface molecules or as a response to pathogen challenges. This was coupled to largely unchanged cytoplasmic tails, suggesting a conserved signalling mechanism.The presented study shows that a novel avian leukocyte protein called Trojan possibly has an anti-apoptotic role. It belongs to a gene family that was subjected to evolutionary selection, likely linked to the molecular function of the proteins.
Leukocyte protein Trojan, as a candidate for apoptotic regulatory role
T cell homeostasis in autoimmune polyendocrinopathy-candidiasis-ectodermal dystrophy (APECED)
Autoimmune regulator (AIRE) in the maintenance of immunological tolerance
Thymosins in health and disease : first international conference
Thymic development and selection of T Lymphocytes
Cell plasticity in cancer : cues from virus-host interactions
Laminin chains in the basement membranes of human thymus
The thymus is an evolutionarily ancient primary lymphoid organ common to all vertebrates in which T cell development takes place. Failing thymus function is associated with immunodeficiency and/or autoimmunity. In this volume, leading experts provide a comprehensive overview of recent advances in thymopoiesis research. The chapters cover the development of the thymic epithelial microenvironment, address the formation of a diverse and self-tolerant repertoire of T cell receptors as the basis for cellular immunity, discuss the mechanisms by which progenitor cells colonize the thymus and detail the molecular basis for T lineage decisions. The reviews illustrate the important role of the multifaceted process of thymopoiesis for adaptive immunity
The recovery of the immune system and its implications in pediatric allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplantation
Subcellular factors in immunity
Pathology and genetics of tumours of the lung, pleura, thymys and heart
Development of regulatory T cells in the human thymus
