http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12485 gladiators
gladiators
Blood oath
Gladiator : son of Spartacus
Diary of Dorkius Maximus
Spartacus : gods of the arena
Gladiator : Romeś bloody spectacle
Blood in the arena : the spectacle of Roman power
The age of the gladiators : savagery & spectacle in ancient Rome
Gladiaattori : Demetrius and the gladiators
Caged warrior
The gladiator's secret
Gladiator boy : escape from evil
The day Commodus killed a rhino : understanding the Roman games
Son of Spartacus
Il gladiatore = The gladiator
The blood crows
The romans : gods, emperors and dormice
Gladiator boy : A hero's quest
Arena 13. The Prey
Spartacus : the gladiator
Spectacle in the Roman world
How to live like a Roman gladiator
Clottus and the ghostly gladiator
The Colosseum was Imperial Rome's monument to warfare. Like a cathedral of death it towered over the city and invited its citizens, 50,000 at a time, to watch murderous gladiatorial games. It is now visited by two million visitors a year (Hitler was among them). Award winning classicist, Mary Beard with Keith Hopkins, tell the story of Rome's greatest arena: how it was built; the gladiatorial and other games that were held there; the training of the gladiators; the audiences who revelled in the games, the emperors who staged them and the critics. And the strange after story - the Colosseum has been fort, store, church, and glue factory.
Stowaway slaves
The Roman emperor Commodus wanted to kill a rhinoceros with a bow and arrow, and he wanted to do it in the Colosseum. Commodus's passion for hunting animals was so fervent that he dreamt of shooting a tiger, an elephant, and a hippopotamus; his prowess was such that people claimed he never missed when hurling his javelin or firing arrows from his bow. For fourteen days near the end of AD 192, the emperor mounted one of the most lavish and spectacular gladiatorial games Rome had ever seen. Commodus himself was the star attraction, and people rushed from all over Italy to witness the spectacle. But this slaughter was simply the warm-up act to the main event: the emperor was also planning to fight as a gladiator. Why did Roman rulers spend vast resources on such over-the-top displays - and why did some emperors appear in them as combatants? Why did the Roman rabble enjoy watching the slaughter of animals and the sight of men fighting to the death? And how best can we in the modern world understand what was truly at stake in the circus and the arena? In The Day Commodus Killed a Rhino, Jerry Toner set out to answer these questions by vividly describing what it would have been like to attend Commodus' fantastic shows and watch one of his many appearances as both hunter and fighter.
Gladiator clash
Beasts of Tabat : a novel
The games comprised gladiatorial fights, staged animal hunts (venationes) and the executions of convicted criminals and prisoners of war. Besides entertaining the crowd, the games delivered a powerful message of Roman power: as a reminder of the wars in which Rome had acquired its empire, the distant regions of its far-flung empire (from where they had obtained wild beasts for the venatio), and the inevitability of Roman justice for criminals and those foreigners who had dared to challenge the empire's authority. Though we might see these games as bloodthirsty, cruel and reprehensible condemning any alien culture out of hand for a sport that offends our sensibilities smacks of cultural chauvinism. Instead one should judge an ancient sport by the standards of its contemporary cultural context. This book offers a fascinating and fair historical appraisal of gladiatorial combat, which will bring the games alive to the reader and help them see them through the eyes of the ancient Romans.
The legend of Hercules
The Spartacus war
Street fighter
Spartacus. 1. tuotantokausi, Blood and sand
What life was like
Gladiatorial combat, animal displays, naumachiae (staged naval battles) and spectacular executions were all an important part of Roman culture. The provision of a wide range of purpose-built buildings (from theatres to amphitheatres to circuses) as venues across the empire is testimony to the popularity and significance of these displays. This book offers an introduction to the main forms of spectacle in the Roman world (human and animal combat, chariot racing, aquatic displays), their nature, context and social importance. It will explore the vast array of sources, from literary to archaeological material, that informs the subject. It will examine the spectacles with special emphasis on their physical setting, and will also consider the variation in the provision of venues and their context across the Empire. A final section will review the modern reception of Roman spectacles, especially those involving gladiators.
Vengeance
Brothers in blood
Gladiators : violence and spectacle in ancient Rome
Gladiators of Rome
S. 60-63: Warrior words. - S. 64: Index
The Colosseum
This engrossing and original book looks at the growth and eventual demise of Rome from the viewpoint of the peoples who fought against it. Here is the reality behind legends such as Spartacus the gladiator, and the stories of Shapur the conqueror, Viriathus the guerrilla leader and Mithridates the connoisseur of poisons. Some enemies of Rome were noble heroes, others were murdering villains, but each has a unique and fascinating story. Defying the might of Rome was a dangerous business, and few of the men and women described in these pages died in their beds. Some, like Vercingetorix and Jugurtha, were captured, exhibited in triumph and then, while their conquerors sat down to a festive dinner, killed in the dungeons below. Rather than face such an end, some of Rome's greatest adversaries, including Hannibal, Boudicca and Cleopatra, killed themselves.
Spartacus was a Thracian gladiator who started a prison breakout with 74 men, armed with kitchen knives. It grew into a full scale rebellion against Rome, the most famous slave revolt in history. With an army of gladiators, ex-slaves and other desperadoes, he managed to defeat a succession of Roman armies and bring the Republic to its knees. The story of the most famous revolt of the ancient world, and its legendary leader, Spartacus the Gladiator.
Gladiator : extended special edition
Gladiator : Rome's bloody spectacle
The Roman games : a sourcebook
On the Spartacus road : a spectacular journey through ancient Italy
Sisältää runsaasti lisämateriaalia, mm. dokumenttikoosteen Strength and honor : creating the world of Gladiator.
The city of Midgard is terrorised by Hob, a terrifying, evil creature who tortures at will and has the rulers of the city completely under his control. The thirteen fighting arenas in the city are forever full with punters eager to make their fortune betting on the fights that take place there. The most popular - and the most terrifying of these - is the thirteen arena, the arena where the Trig fighters battle. Sixteen-year-old Leif is determined to train as a Trig fighter and gets himself apprenticed to Tyron, the greatest of all trainers. But little does his new trainer or the other apprentices know, Leif has a personal battle to fight. He's going to avenge the death of his father by killing Hob himself . . .
Fighting forum
Spartacus : a game of blood and treachery
Gladiator : 10th anniversary edition
The rebel's assault
The Official gladiators training programme
Spartacus. The complete third season, War of the Damned
How to Draw Action Fighting Figures
The Legion
Emperors and gladiators
The enemies of Rome : from Hannibal to Attila the Hun
Gladiators 100 BC - AD 200
When countryboy Teo arrives in the coastal city of Tabat, he finds it a hostile place, particularly to a boy hiding an enormous secret. It's also a city in turmoil, thanks to an ancient accord to change governments and the rising demands of Beasts, the Unicorns, Dryads, Minotaurs and other magical creature on whose labor and bodies Tabat depends. And worst of all, it's a city dedicated to killing Shifters, the race whose blood Teo bears. When his fate becomes woven with that of Tabat's most famous gladiator, Bella Kanto, his existence becomes even more imperiled. Kanto's magical battle determines the weather each year, and the wealthy merchants are tired of the long winters she's brought. Can Teo and Bella save each other from the plots that are closing in on them from all sides?
Fight for freedom
Warriors
