http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12484 Paleolithic period
Paleolithic period
Environmental background for the rise and fall of villages and megastructures in North Ostrobotnia 4000-2000 cal BC
The Late Palaeolithic habitation of Haule V : from excavation report to the reconstruction of Federmesser settlement patterns and land-use
The upper palaeolithic of Britain : a study of man and nature in the late ice age
Hunters and artists
Alvastra pile dwelling : palaeoethnobotanical studies
The Analysis of certain major classes of upper palaeolithic tools
Palaeolithic chronology
Multiple approaches to the study of bifacial technologies
Man-millennia-environment : studies in honour of Romuald Schild
Food and western disease : health and nutrition from an evolutionary perspective
Lithics in context : suggestions for the future direction of lithic studies
The old world paleolithic and the development of a national collection
The palaeolithic of the Balkans
Hundert Jahre Neanderthaler : Neanderthal centenary, 1856-1956 : Gedenkbuch der internationalen Neanderthal-Feier, Düsseldorf, 26-30 August 1956
History of civilizations of Central Asia. Volume 1, The dawn of civilization : earliest times to 700 B. C.
Fitting rocks : lithic refitting examined
The English palaeolithic reviewed : papers from a day conference held at the Society of Antiquaries of London, 28 October 1994
Middle Palaeolithic human activity and palaeoecology : new discoveries and ideas
Images of the Ice Age
Tanged points cultures in Europe : read at the international archaeological symposium : Lublin, September, 13-16, 1993
The late pleistocene shouldered point assemblages in Western Europe
Stories in stone : proceedings of Anniversary Conference at St Hilda's College, Oxford, April 1993
The Gravettian site Šalitrena Pećina near Mionica (Western Serbia) / B. Mihailović -- Middle Palaeolithic and Early Upper Palaeolithic subsistence practices at Vindija cave, Croatia / D. Brajković, P. Miracle.
Becoming human : innovation in prehistoric material and spiritual culture
The earliest settlement of Scandinavia and its relationship with neighbouring areas
History of civilizations of Central Asia. Volume 2, The development of sedentary and nomadic civilizations : 700 B.C. to A.D. 250
The Asea valley survey : an Arcadian mountain valley from the palaeolithic period until modern times
Pervobytnoe iskusstvo : pamâtniki drevnego tvorčestva v sobranii Gos. Istoričeskogo muzeâ : Monuments of Prehistoric Creative Art in the State History Museum = Primitive art
The Paleolithic periods in Korea
Final paleolithic camp organization : as seen from the perspective of lithic artifacts refitting
Making silent stones speak : human evolution and the dawn of technology
Proceedings of the International Conference on Mammoth Site Studies
An introduction to anthropology. Vol. 1, Physical anthropology and archaeology
The emergence of modern humans : an archaeological perspective
The Pleistocene old world : regional perspectives
Neanderthals in Susiluola cave, Finland, during the last interglacial period? : [discussion]
The lower palaeolithic site of Markkleeberg and other comparable localities near Leipzig
In search of the Neanderthals : solving the puzzle of human origins
Upper palaeolithic and mesolithic in Europe
Palaeolithic cave art
Palaeolithic Europe : a summary of some important finds with special reference to Central Europe
The Middle Paleolithic : adaptation, behavior, and variability
In the wake of a woman : Stone Age pioneering of north-eastern Scania, Sweden, 10.000-5000 BC. : the Årup settlements
Caribou and reindeer hunters of the Northern hemisphere
The palaeolithic settlement of Europe
The Middle Palaeolithic occupation of Europe
Paleolit mira : paleolit bližnego i srednego vostoka = The old stone age of the world : the palaeolithic of near and middle east
The Paleolithic cultures of Singhbhum
Paleolithic Man and the Nile-Faiyum Divide : a study of the Region during Pliocene and Pleistocene Times
Investigating prehistoric hunter-gatherer identities : case studies from Palaeolithic and Mesolithic Europe
The Upper Paleolithic of the Central Russian Plain
At the edge : terminal Pleistocene hunter-gatherers in the Negev and Sinai
Kebara Cave, Mt. Carmel, Israel : the Middle and Upper Paleolithic archaeology. Part 1
Obłazowa Cave : human activity, stratigraphy and palaeoenvironment
Multidisciplinary studies of the Middle Palaeolithic record from Neumark-Nord (Germany). Vol. 1
Gazetteer of Mesolithic sites in England and Wales
The Lascaux cave paintings
Human evolution and palaeolithic societies
Humans, Environment and Chronology of the Late Glacial of the North European Plain : Proceedings of Workshop 14 (Commission XXXII) of the 15th U.I.S.P.P. Congress, Lisbon, September 2006 (2009)
The lithic industry from layers IV-V, Susiluola cave, Western Finland, dated to the Eemian interglacial
The cave artists
The Neolithic of the Near East
The Palaeolithic archaeology of Greece and adjacent areas : proceedings of the ICOPAG Conference, Ioannina, September 1994
Paleolithic man and the Nile valley in lower Egypt : with some notes upon a part of the Red sea littoral; a study of the regions during Pliocene and Pleistocene times
Journey through the ice age
The cave beneath the sea : Paleolithic images at Cosquer
The old stone age
Walking with cavemen : eye-to-eye with your ancestors
Paleolithic Man and the Nile Valley in Upper and Middle Egypt : a study of the Region during Pliocene and Pleistocene Times
Origins of anatomically modern humans
Human adaptation in the Asian palaeolithic : hominid dispersal and behaviour during the late quaternary
The Neanderthals
More than meets the eye : studies on upper palaeolithic diversity in the Near East
The mind in the cave : consciousness and the origins of art
Ancient European costume and fashion
"Stone Tools in the Paleolithic and Neolithic Near East: A Guide surveys the lithic record for the East Mediterranean Levant (Lebanon, Syria, Israel, Jordan, and adjacent territories) from the earliest times to 6,500 years ago. It is intended both as an introduction to this lithic evidence for students and as a resource for researchers working with Paleolithic and Neolithic stone tool evidence. Written by a lithic analyst and professional flintknapper, this book systematically examines variation in technology, typology and industries for the Lower, Middle and Upper Paleolithic; the Epipaleolithic; and Neolithic periods in the Near East. It is extensively illustrated with drawings of stone tools. In addition to surveying the lithic evidence, the book also considers ways in which archaeological treatment of this evidence could be changed to make it more relevant to major issues in human origins research. A final chapter shows how change in stone tool designs points to increasing human dependence on stone tools across the long sweep of Stone Age prehistory"-- Provided by publisher.
Holon : a lower Paleolithic site in Israel
The killing fields of Zwoleń: a Middle Palaeolithic kill-butchery-site in Central Poland
Palaeolithic Man in the Által-ér Valley
The early Upper Paleolithic beyond Western Europe
Handbook of paleolithic typology. Vol. 1, Lower and middle paleolithic of Europe
Palaeo-ecological investigations in northern Sweden
Studies on investigations of archaeological forgeries concerning the Early and Middle Paleolithic sites In Japan due to invalid evidence given by Fujimura Shin'ichi who planted lithics into sites ; in May, 2003 the Ad Hoc Committee published all the results of re-analyses and re-excavations--P. 1.
Excavations at Susiluola Cave
Stone tools in the Paleolithic and Neolithic Near East : a guide
The Palaeolithic of the Balkans / A. Darlas and D. Mihailović -- End of the Aurignacian and the beginning of the Gravettian in the Balkans / J.K. Kozłowski -- Preliminary results of the Aliakmon paleolithic/paleoanthropological survey, Greece, 2004-2005 / K. Harvati ... [et al.] -- The mountainscapes of Upper Palaeolithic Epirus in NW Greece: a view from the bones / E. Kotjabopoulou -- Middle Palaeolithic exploitation of the lake Plastiras plateau, Western Thessaly-Greece / O. Apostolikas, N. Kyparissi-Apostolika -- Middle Palaeolithic industries of Klissoura cave, Greece / V. Sitlivy ... [et al.] -- Le Paléolithique supérieur dans la péninsule du Mani (Péloponnèse, Grèce) / A. Darlas, E. Psathi -- Environnement vegetal des neandertaliens de la grotte de Kalamakia (Areopolis, Grece) / V. Lebreton, E. Psathi, A. Darlas -- Upper-Pleistocene bird remains from Kalamakia cave (Greece) / Th. Roger, A. Darlas -- Microvertébrés, paléo-environnement et paléoclimat de la grotte de Kalamakia (Péloponnèse, Grèce) / Th. Roger, A. Darlas -- First Paleolithic researches in the R. Macedonia (FYROM): the cave Golema pesht near the village Zdunje: preliminary results / Lj. Salamanov-Korobar -- New data about the Middle Palaeolithic of Serbia / D. Mihailović --
The Lower Palaeolithic occupation of Britain
Paleolithic in the Middle Danube region : anniversary volume to Bohuslav Klima
The earliest occupation of Europe : proceedings of the European Science Foundation workshop at Tautavel (France), 1993
New aspects of the Central and Eastern European Upper Palaeolithic : methods, chronology, technology and subsistence : symposium by the Prehistoric Commission of the Austrian Academy of Sciences, Vienna, November 9-11, 2005
The cave of Lascaux : the final photographic record
The cave and the cathedral : how a real-life Indiana Jones and a renegade scholar decoded the ancient art of man
New approaches to the palaeolithic and mesolithic
The palaeolithic of Tangier, Morocco : excavations at Cape Ashakar, 1939-1947
Evaluating Radiocarbon Dates and Late Paleolithic Chronology in Korea
Rock shelters of the Périgord : geological stratigraphy and archaeological succession
Articles by Fumiko Ikawa-Smith ... [et al.]
Prehistoric research in Afghanistan (1959-1966)
Recent paleolithic studies in Japan : Proceedings for tainted evidence and restoration of confidence in the Pleistocene archaeology of the Japanese Archipelago
Wild things : recent advances in palaeolithic and mesolithic research
The Upper Palaeolithic era of Europe has left an abundance of evidence for symbolic activities, such as direct representations of animals and other features of the natural world, personal adornments, and elaborate burials, as well as other vestiges that are more abstract and cryptic. These behaviours are also exhibited by populations throughout the world, from the prehistoric period through to the present day. How can we interpret these activities? What do they tell us about the beliefs and priorities of the people who carried them out? How do these behaviours relate to ideologies, cosmology, and understanding of the world? What can they tell us about the emergence of ritual and religious thought? And how do the activities of humans in prehistoric Europe compare with those of their predecessors there and elsewhere? In this volume, fifteen internationally renowned scholars contribute essays that explore the relationship between symbolism, spirituality, and humanity in the prehistoric societies of Europe and traditional societies elsewhere. The volume is richly illustrated with 50 halftones and 24 colour plates.
Hunting strategies in Central Europe during the Last Glacial Maximum
Palaeolithic and Mesolithic Moravia
