http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12406 war politics
war politics
Intergovernmental advocates of refugees : the refugee policy of the League of Nations and the International Labour Organization in the 1920s and 1930s
Policy and economic performance in divided Korea during the Cold War era : 1945-91
The war after the war : strategic lessons of Iraq and Afghanistan
The Pentagon's new map : war and peace in the twenty-first century
The Middle East in the American quest for world order : ideas of power, economics, and social development in United States foreign policy, 1953-1961
Proto-fascism in America : neoliberalism and the demise of democracy
Emphasising the significance of foreign languages at the centre of war and conflict, this book argues that 'foreignness' and foreign languages are key to our understanding of what happens in war. Through case studies the book traces the role of languages in intelligence, military deployment, soldier/civilian meetings, occupation and peace building.
Winning modern wars : Iraq, terrorism, and the American empire
Wrong turn : America's deadly embrace of counterinsurgency
The Gulf and the search for strategic stability : Saudi Arabia, the military balance in the Gulf, and trends in the Arab-Israeli military balance
Fire in the lake : Insurgency in Vietnam
Imperial America : the Bush assault on the world order
The new American militarism : how Americans are seduced by war
Analogies at war : Korea, Munich, Dien Bien Phu, and the Vietnam decisions of 1965
Defence or imperialism? : an aspect of Stalin's military and foreign policy 1933-1941
The beginning of the Cold War as a phenomenon of realpolitik : U.S. Secretary of State James F. Byrnes in the field of power politics 1945 - 1947
Lights out : a cyberattack : a nation unprepared : surviving the aftermath
Retreat from victory : a critical appraisal of American foreign and military policy from 1920 to the 1970s
War memory and social politics in Japan, 1945-2005
This book tackles the regulatory issues of Unmanned Aerial Systems (UAS) or Remotely-Piloted Aerial Systems (RPAS), which have profound consequences for privacy, security and other fundamental liberties. Collectively known as "drones," they were initially deployed for military purposes: reconnaissance, surveillance and extrajudicial executions. Today, we are witnessing a growth of their use into the civilian and humanitarian domain. They are increasingly used for goals as diverse as news gathering, aerial inspection of oil refinery flare stacks, mapping of the Amazonian rain-forest, crop spraying and search and rescue operations. The civil use of drones is becoming a reality in the European Union and in the US.The drone revolution may be a new technological revolution. Proliferation of the next generation of "recreational" drones show how drones will be sold as any other consumer item. The cultural perception of the technology is shifting, as drones are increasingly being used for humanitarian activities, on one hand, but they can also firmly be situated in the prevailing modes of postmodern governance on the other hand. This work will be of interest to researchers in Criminology and Criminal Justice interested in issues related to surveillance, security, privacy, and technology. It will also provide a criminological background for related legal issues, such as privacy law, aviation law, international criminal law, and comparative law.
Ten days into a war : linguistic realizations of war-time identity as perception management during the operation Iraqi freedom
Rethinking Camelot : JFK, the Vietnam War, and US political culture
The battle for Syria : international rivalry in the new Middle East
Going to war : British debates from Wilberforce to Blair
Whole world on fire : organizations, knowledge, and nuclear weapons devastation
Estonia gravitates towards Sweden : nordic identity and activist regionalism in world war I
The sling and the stone : on war in the 21st century
Blood of tyrants
Chain of command
The quiet American
U.S.-U.S.S.R. strategic policies : Hearing, Ninety-third Congress, second session ..
Soviet strategy in the nuclear age
Russia and the Eastern question : army, government, and society, 1815-1833
Explaining the Iraq War : counterfactual theory, logic and evidence
Strategy : a history
The Iraq war : background and issues
Greece and Turkey, some military implications related to NATO and the Middle East : prepared for the Special Subcommittee on Investigations of the Committee on Foreign Affairs
Why did the United States invade Iraq?
The red shoe
The Continuation War as a metanoic moment : a Burkean reading of Lutheran hierocratic rhetoric
Gendering NATO : a feminist analysis of a military organization
All for one : terrorism, NATO and the United States
Languages at war : policies and practices of language contacts in conflict
The return of the state of war : a theoretical analysis of Operation Iraqi Freedom
The Soviet perspective on the Strategic Defense Initiative
The lost history of 1914 : how the Great War was not inevitable
The living and the dead : Robert McNamara and five lives of a lost war
From cold war to common currency : a personal perspective on Finland and the EU
Drones and unmanned aerial systems : legal and social implications for security and surveillance
Corporate warriors : the rise of the privatized military industry
Seeing the elephant : the U.S. role in global security
Code names : deciphering US military plans, programs, and operations in the 9/11 world
U.S. military commitments to Europe : report of the Ad Hoc Subcommittee of the Committee on Armed Services House of Representatives, ninety-third congress, second session
Arguing about war
League of dragons
Soviet strategy at the crossroads
Humanizing security? : the EU's responsibility to protect in the Libyan crisis
Why leaders choose war : the psychology of prevention
Case concerning trial of Pakistani prisoners of war : (Pakistan v. India) = Affaire relative au procès de prisonniers de guerre pakistanais : (Pakistan c. Inde)
Civilian or military power? : European foreign policy in perspective
"Most accounts of Syria's brutal, long-lasting civil war focus on a domestic contest that began in 2011 and only later drew foreign nations into the escalating violence. Christopher Phillips argues instead that the international dimension was never secondary but that Syria's war was, from the very start, profoundly influenced by regional factors, particularly the vacuum created by a perceived decline of U.S. power in the Middle East. This precipitated a new regional order in which six external protagonists--the United States, Russia, Iran, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, and Qatar--have violently competed for influence, with Syria a key battleground. Drawing on a plethora of original interviews, Phillips constructs a new narrative of Syria's war. Without absolving the brutal Bashar al-Assad regime, the author untangles the key external factors which explain the acceleration and endurance of the conflict, including the West's strategy against ISIS. He concludes with some insights on Syria and the region's future"--
The Chickenhawk syndrome : war, sacrifice, and personal responsibility
The EU and the European Security Strategy : forging a global Europe
The history of a literary radical & other papers
Flashpoints : the emerging crisis in Europe
The instruments of America's foreign policy
Limited war and American defense policy
Cold war theories. Vol. 1, World polarization, 1943-1953
Chain of command : the road from 9/11 to Abu Ghraib
The limits of power : the end of American exceptionalism
When Britain saved the west : the story of 1940
The Assassins' gate : America in Iraq
Counterinsurgency and the global war on terror : military culture and irregular war
How wars end : why we always fight the last battle : a history of American intervention from World War I to Afghanistan
The role of presidential advisory systems in US foreign policy-making : the case of the National Security Council and Vietnam, 1953-1961
Kill anything that moves : the real American war in Vietnam
Before World War I, the British Admiralty conceived a plan to win rapid victory over Germany--economic warfare on an unprecedented scale. The secret strategy called for the state to exploit Britain's monopolies in banking, communications, and shipping to create an implosion of the world economic system. The plan was never fully implemented.
America's oil wars
Toward a European army : a military power in the making?
Bernard Brodie and the bomb : at the birth of the bipolar world
Glory and terror : the growing nuclear danger
Russian military policy and strategy
Culture of terrorism
Small wars, faraway places : the genesis of the modern world, 1945-1965
Americans have long been taught that events such as the notorious My Lai massacre were isolated incidents in the Vietnam War, carried out by just a few “bad apples.” But as award-winning journalist and historian Nick Turse demonstrates in this groundbreaking investigation, violence against Vietnamese noncombatants was not at all exceptional during the conflict. Rather, it was pervasive and systematic, the predictable consequence of official orders to “kill anything that moves.” Drawing on more than a decade of research into secret Pentagon archives and extensive interviews with American veterans and Vietnamese survivors, Turse reveals for the first time the workings of a military machine that resulted in millions of innocent civilians killed and wounded—what one soldier called “a My Lai a month.” Devastating and definitive, Kill Anything That Moves finally brings us face-to-face with the truth of a war that haunts America to this day.
The battle backwards : a comparative study of the battle of Kosovo Polje (1389) and the Munich agreement (1938) as political myths
Islam : from the prophet Muhammad to the capture of Constantinople. 1, Politics and war
A groundbreaking comparative study of the dynamics and pathologies of war in modern times. Over recent decades, Pulitzer-winning historian John W. Dower has addressed the roots and consequences of war from multiple perspectives. Here he examines the cultures of war revealed by four powerful events--Pearl Harbor, Hiroshima, 9-11, and the invasion of Iraq in the name of a war on terror. The list of issues examined and themes explored is wide-ranging: failures of intelligence and imagination, wars of choice and "strategic imbecilities," faith-based secular thinking as well as more overtly holy wars, the targeting of noncombatants, and the almost irresistible logic--and allure--of mass destruction. Dower also sets the U.S. occupations of Japan and Iraq side by side in strikingly original ways. He offers comparative insights into individual and institutional behavior and pathologies that transcend "cultures" in the more traditional sense, and that ultimately go beyond war-making alone.--From publisher description.
The security of China : Chinese appraoches to problems of war and strategy
Taiwan's security policy : external threats and domestic politics
The empire has no clothes : U.S. foreign policy exposed
American national security
Readings in European security. Vol. 2
The European Union as a small power : after the post-Cold War
In war we trust : the Bush doctrine and the pursuit of just war
Just good friends : Nordic social democracy and security policy 1945-50
Sectarian identities or geopolitics? : the regional Shia-Sunni divide in the Middle East
The secret war against Sweden : US and British submarine deception and political control in th 1980s
Cultures of war : Pearl Harbor / Hiroshima / 9-11 / Iraq
The general vs. the president : MacArthur and Truman at the brink of nuclear war
US intervention policy and army innovation : from Vietnam to Iraq
The failure of the security paradigm in Syria : the human security perspective
Finland and the United States, 1917-1919 : early years of mutual relations
Old Europe, new Europe, core Europe : transatlantic relations after the Iraq war
Small wars, faraway places : the genesis of the modern world: 1945-65
Return from the natives : how Margaret Mead won the Second World War and lost the Cold War
The quest for a European strategic culture : changing norms on security and defence in the European Union
Masters of chaos : the secret history of the Special Forces
The two Viet-Nams : a political and military analysis
Soviet strategy for nuclear war
"From master storyteller and historian H.W. Brands, twice a finalist for the Pulitzer Prize, comes the riveting story of how President Harry Truman and General Douglas MacArthur squared off to decide America's future in the aftermath of World War II. At the height of the Korean War, President Harry S. Truman committed a gaffe that sent shock waves around the world. When asked by a reporter about the possible use of atomic weapons in response to China's entry into the war, Truman replied testily, 'The military commander in the field will have charge of the use of the weapons, as he always has.' This suggested that General Douglas MacArthur, the willful, fearless, and highly decorated commander of the American and U.N. forces, had his finger on the nuclear trigger. A correction quickly followed, but the damage was done; two visions for America's path forward were clearly in opposition, and one man would have to make way. Truman was one of the most unpopular presidents in American history. Heir to a struggling economy, a ruined Europe, and increasing tension with the Soviet Union, on no issue was the path ahead clear and easy. General MacArthur, by contrast, was incredibly popular, as untouchable as any officer has ever been in America. The lessons he drew from World War II were absolute: appeasement leads to disaster and a showdown with the communists was inevitable--the sooner the better. In the nuclear era, when the Soviets, too, had the bomb, the specter of a catastrophic third World War lurked menacingly close on the horizon. The contest of wills between these two titanic characters unfolds against the turbulent backdrop of a faraway war and terrors conjured at home by Joseph McCarthy. From the drama of Stalin's blockade of West Berlin to the daring landing of MacArthur's forces at Inchon to the shocking entrance of China into the war, The General and the President vividly evokes the making of a new American era"--
Strike hard, strike sure - Operation Musketeer : British military planning during the Suez Crisis, 1956
Nemesis : the last days of the American Republic
The politics of truth : inside the lies that led to war and betrayed my wife's CIA identity
War, states, and contention : a comparative historical study
Planning Armageddon : British economic warfare and the First World War
American strategy in the nuclear age
Finland in the United Nations : consistent and credible constructivism
Khrushchev's Beau Geste : the return of Porkkala and its global significance
The Continuation War as a metanoic moment : a Burkean reading of lutheran hierocratic rhetoric
A review
War plan Iraq : ten reasons against war with Iraq
Imperial ambitions : conversations with Noam Chomsky on the post-9/11 world
"The Korean peninsula during the Cold War provided a cruel but historically unparalleled real-world "experiment" in the relationship between polity and material advance: an ethnically and culturally homogenous nation was, in 1945, suddenly divided by an arbitrary boundary line and then subjected to two radically different and adversarial political economies for successive decades on end. Assessing the competition between the North and South Korean economies from partition to the end of the Soviet era, Nicholas Eberstadt argues that the storyline is not quite as simple as the now-prevailing narrative suggests (that centrally-planned economies are doomed to fail against market-oriented alternatives). Rather, he suggests, the race for material progress was just that: a race, the results of which were far from preordained at the outset. In Policy and Economic Performance in Divided Korea during the Cold War Era: 1945-91, Eberstadt presents an impressive compilation of hard-to-find comparative data on economic performance for the Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK, or North Korea) and the Republic of Korea (ROK, or South Korea) over two critical generations. By a number of indicators, Eberstadt argues, Kim Il Sung's North Korea actually outperformed South Korea for much of this period -- not only in the years immediately following partition, but perhaps also into the 1970s. To explain these surprising results, Eberstadt details the impact of government policies on the course of growth of both economies and offers some unorthodox observations about material performance under these two contending polities. He finds that prevailing economic development theory on such issues as planned-versus-market economies, military burden, and the relationship between material advance and poverty, may require reexamination in light of the experience of the two Koreas between partition and the end of the Cold War." --Back cover.
Realpolitik ideology : Indonesia's use of military force
Incoherent empire
Swedish forces to aid Norway? : the Nordic security question, 1948-49
Operation Rollback : America's secret war behind the Iron Curtain
Trade and war : the neutrality of commerce in the inter-state system
In Strategy: A History, Sir Lawrence Freedman captures the vast history of strategic thinking, how strategy came to pervade every aspect of our lives. The range of Freedman's narrative is moving from the advanced strategy practiced in primate groups, to the opposing strategies of Achilles and Odysseus in The Iliad, the strategic advice of Sun Tzu and Machiavelli, the great military innovations of Baron Henri de Jomini and Carl von Clausewitz, the grounding of revolutionary strategy in class struggles by Marx, the insights into corporate strategy found in Peter Drucker and Alfred Sloan, and the contributions of the leading social scientists working on strategy today. The core issue at the heart of strategy, the author notes, is whether it is possible to manipulate and shape our environment rather than simply become the victim of forces beyond one's control. Time and again, Freedman demonstrates that the inherent unpredictability of this environment-subject to chance events, the efforts of opponents, the missteps of friends-provides strategy with its challenge and its drama. Armies or corporations or nations rarely move from one predictable state of affairs to another, but instead feel their way through a series of states, each one not quite what was anticipated, requiring a reappraisal of the original strategy, including its ultimate objective. Thus the picture of strategy that emerges in this book is one that is fluid and flexible, governed by the starting point, not the end point.
Superpower illusions : how myths and false ideologies led America astray-- and how to return to reality
North Korea's military-diplomatic campaigns, 1966-2008
The Royal Prerogative redefined : parliamentary debate on the role of the British Parliament in large-scale military deployments, 1982-2003
Britain and the Spanish Civil War
"Colonel Gian Gentile's 2008 article "Misreading the Surge" in World Politics Review first exposed a growing rift among military intellectuals that has since been playing out in strategy sessions at the Pentagon, in classrooms at military academies, and on the pages of the New York Times. While the past years of U.S. strategy in Afghanistan have been dominated by the doctrine of counterinsurgency (COIN), Gentile and a small group of dissident officers and defense analysts have questioned the necessity and efficacy of COIN - essentially armed nation-building - in achieving the United States' limited core policy objective in Afghanistan: the destruction of Al Qaeda. Drawing both on the author's experiences as a combat battalion commander in the Iraq War and his research into the application of counterinsurgency in a variety of historical contexts, Wrong Turn is a brilliant summation of Gentile's views of the failures of COIN, as well as a searing reevaluation of the current state of affairs in Afghanistan. As the issue of America's withdrawal from Afghanistan inevitably rises to the top of the national agenda, Wrong Turn will be a major new touchstone for what went wrong and a vital new guide to the way forward. Note: the ideas in this book are the author's alone, not the Department of Defense's."--
