http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1248 myths
myths
Midnight falcon
The buried giant
The fact or fiction behind urban myths : you can get sucked down an aeroplane loo!
Digging for Hitler : the Nazi archaeologists search for an Aryan past
"I will set his hand on the sea, and his right hand on the river" : North West Semitic Kingship and the sea of combat myth : a survey of Hebrew poetry in light of ancient Near Eastern evidence
Folklore and mythology catalogue : its lay-out and potential for research
Myth and history : a symposium
The Greek myths. Volume 1
Gods and goddesses in art and legend : great myths as pictured by great masters
The Song of Middle-earth takes a look at The Lord of the Rings, digging deep into the foundations of Tolkien's world to reveal the complex tapestry of history and mythology that lies behind his stories. The charge that Tolkien's work was merely derivative - that he extracted elements from other mythologies and incorporated them into his own fiction - is dismissed in favour of a fascinating examination of the rich historical background to Middle-earth. From the mythic tradition of the Tales told in The Book of Lost Tales: I to the significance of oral storytelling throughout the history of Middle-earth, this book examines the common themes of mythology found within Tolkien's work. In doing so, The Song of Middle-earth demonstrates how Tolkien's desire to create a new mythology for England is not only apparent in his writing, but also realised.
Neverwhere
"Far-off gleams of evangelium" : a study of how J. R. R. Tolkien's The lord of the rings reflects the biblical "Kingdom of Heaven"
Soonchild
The modern-day druidess
Illustrated myths from around the world
Mythography : the study of myths and rituals
The Shadowmagic trilogy
A dictionary of symbols
Fallen soldiers : reshaping the memory of the World Wars
Ravenheart : a novel of the Rigante
Soul eater. 1
Creation myths : man's introduction to the world
Heroes, Gods and monsters of Celtic mythology
The battle backwards : a comparative study of the battle of Kosovo Polje (1389) and the Munich agreement (1938) as political myths
The story of Kullervo
The last illusion
The mysteries
Magicians of the gods : the forgotten wisdom of Earth's lost civilisation
The song of Middle-earth : J. R. R. Tolkien's themes, symbols and myths
Viking! : myths of gods & monsters
Stories in the stars : an atlas of constellations
Mythologies of the world : the illustrated guide to mythological beliefs & customs
Illusions of fate
Imaginary things: modern myth in Neil Gaiman's "American Gods" (2001)
Norse mythology
The Puffin book of magical Indian myths
Moon tales : myths of the moon from around the world
The physician of the dance of death
The encyclopedia of early Earth : a graphic novel
Rogerson's book of numbers
Myths, dreams and mysteries : The encounter between contemporary faiths and archaic realities
The very best of
Winter's tales : stories of winter from around the world / Lari Don ; illustrated by Francesca Greenwood
Jack of fables. Vol. 8 : The fulminate blade
"The Nart sagas are to the Caucasus what Greek mythology is to Western civilization. Tales of the Narts presents a wide selection of fascinating tales preserved as a living tradition among the peoples of Ossetia in southern Russia, a region where ethnic identities have been maintained for thousands of years in the face of major cultural upheavals. A mythical tribe of tall, nomad warriors, the Narts were courageous, bold, and good-hearted. But they were also capable of cruelty, envy, and forceful measures to settle disputes. In this wonderfully vivid and accessible compilation of stories, colorful and exciting heroes, heroines, villains, and monsters pursue their destinies though a series of peculiar exploits, often with the intervention of ancient gods. The world of the Narts can be as familiar as it is alien, and the tales contain local themes as well as echoes of influence from diverse lands. The ancestors of the Ossetians once roamed freely from eastern Europe to western China, and their myths exhibit striking parallels with ancient Indian, Norse, and Greek myth. The Nart sagas may also have formed a crucial component of the Arthurian cycle. Tales of the Narts further expands the canon of this precious body of lore and demonstrates the passion and values that shaped the lives of the ancient Ossetians."--
The representation of sexual signs in Chinese Durex TV commercial : a semiotic approach
An anthology of dragons : an illustrated collection of verse and prose
AN INTRODUCTION TO CELTIC MYTHOLOGY
Cinderella : from Fabletown with love
Japanese mythology
The planets
Articles on experiences. 3, Christmas experiences
Unca Don and Unca Scrooge's guide to history : representation of the past in the Disney comics of Don Rosa
Secrets of the Knights Templar : the hidden history of the world's most powerful order
Myths of the origin of fire : an essay
Soul eater not. 1
Soul eater. 2
Into the fire
The ultimate encyclopedia of mythology : An a-z guide to the myths and legends of the ancient world
One hundred years of solitude
Nart sagas from the Caucasus : ancient myths and legends of the Circassians and Abkhazians
Wind goes to bed
Age of bronze. Volume 3B, Betrayal. Part two
Tales of the Narts : ancient myths and legends of the Ossetians
From Persephone to Pan : D. H. Lawrence's mythopoeic vision of the integrated personality with special emphasis on the short fiction and other writings in the early nineteen twenties
The ultimate encyclopedia of mythology : an A-Z guide to the myths and legends of the ancient world
Work on myth
Blackbeard's headless body swam around his ship! : the fact or fiction behind pirates
Children's book of mythical beasts &​ magical monsters
Dumuzi's dream : aspects of oral poetry in a Sumerian myth
Merlin : once and future wizard
The lay of Aotrou and Itroun : together with The Corrigan poems
Childrens book of mythical beasts and magical monsters
Soul eater. 17
The ark before Noah : decoding the story of the Flood
Shadows in the mist : Australian aboriginal myths in paintings
The Norse myths : a guide to the gods and heroes
Jack of fables. Vol. 7 : The new adventures of Jack and Jack
Fire and hemlock
Unbelievable : why we believe and why we don't
Shadow's claim
Under another sky : journeys in Roman Britain
Projecting the shadow : the cyborg hero in American film
The myth of the goddess : Evolution of an image
Near Eastern mythology
Archie Wilson & the Nuckelavee
The Kingfisher book of mythology : gods, goddesses and heroes from around the world
Near the end of the last Ice Age, a giant comet caused a global cataclysm, wiping out Earth's earliest civilization, a second soon followed. But, there were survivors who settled at key locations Gobekli Tepe in Turkey, Giza, ancient Sumer, Mexico, Peru and across the Pacific. But, the comet that wrought such destruction may not be done yet. An astronomical message encoded at Gobekli Tepe, and in Egypt's Sphinx, warns that the 'Great Return' will occur in this time.
Red land, black land : the world of the ancient Egyptians
Saga and myth in ancient Ireland
Finding Arthur : the true origins of the once and future King
Grendel's mother : the saga of the Wyrd-Wife
Soul eater. 13
The knights of the round table
FOLKLORE, MYTHS & LEGENDS. Who were the Norse gods - the mighty Aesyr, led by Odinn, and the mysterious Vanir? In The Norse Myths we meet this passionate and squabbling pantheon, and learn of the mythological cosmos they inhabit. Passages translated from the Old Norse bring this legendary world to life, from the myths of creation to ragnarok, the prophesied end of the world at the hands of Loki's army of monsters and giants, and everything that comes in between: the problematic relationship between the gods and the giants, in which enmity and trickery are punctuated by marriages and seductions; the (mis) adventures of human heroes and heroines, with their family feuds, revenges, marriages and murders; and the interaction between the gods and mortals, as Odinn, the Allfather, betrays his human proteges in order to recruit (dead) heroes for his army.
The Picara : from Hera to fantasy heroine
Quest for myth
Soul eater. 20
The White Goddess : a historical grammar of poetic myth
The mystery of the Hanging Garden of Babylon : an elusive world wonder traced
The blue plague
The buried giant : a novel
Numberland : the world in over 2000 figures and facts
Usborne illustrated guide to Norse myths and legends
Abstract in english.
Archaic myths of the Orient and the Occident
Tsar and people : studies in Russian myths
Moby-Dick, or, the Whale
Motifs and folktales : a new statistical approach
World of warcraft : chronicle. Volume 1
Arthurian romance : a short introduction
Mythical trickster figures : contours, contexts, and criticisms
Thorn Jack : a night and nothing novel
The owl service
Mythology : from ancient to post-modern
The hollowing
The lost gods
Soul eater. 8
Soul eater. 12
Children of Icarus
The Gods of Olympus : a history
Myths and legends of Babylon and Assyria
Kafka on the shore
The story of myths : for the use of students in training colleges, and others
Yakari : Little thunder's secret
Soul eater. 14
Sword in the storm
Myths, dreams and mysteries : the encounter between contemporary faiths and archaic realities
Subliminal persuasion : influence and marketing secrets they don't want you to know
Myth and reality
Polly has two sets of memories...  One is normal: school, home, friends. The other, stranger memories begin nine years ago, when she was ten and gate-crashed an odd funeral in the mansion near her grandmother's house. Polly's just beginning to recall the sometimes marvelous, sometimes frightening adventures she embarked on with Tom Lynn after that. And then she did something terrible, and everything changed.  But what did she do? Why can't she remember? Polly must uncover the secret, or her true love — and perhaps Polly herself — will be lost.
Where the mountain meets the moon
The goddess chronicle
Atlantis : the legend of a lost city
Stories of magical animals
The melancholy Of Mechagirl : stories and poems
Magnus Chase and the sword of summer
It is Clara who is desperate to enter the labyrinth and it is Clara who is bright, strong, and fearless enough to take on any challenge. It is no surprise when she is chosen. But so is the girl who has always lived in her shadow. Together they enter. Within minutes, they are torn apart forever. Now the girl who has never left the city walls must fight to survive in a living nightmare, where one false turn with who to trust means a certain dead end.
Mythic discourses : studies in Uralic traditions
Soul eater. 16
Beyond the sea
Patterns of queenship in ancient Egyptian myth and history
Soul eater. 11
Dictionary of all scriptures and myths
Jack of fables. Vol. 9 : The end
The Sandman : The dream hunters
The griffin and the dinosaur : how Adrienne Mayor discovered a fascinating link between myth and science
Soul eater. 9
Soul eater. 5
Soul eater. 18
Gate of ivory, gate of horn
Soul eater not. 2
Tracking the gods : the place of myth in modern life
Nathaniel Fludd beastologist book one : flight of the phoenix
Soul eater. 6
Myths and myth makers
Mythic journey : meaning of myth as a guide for life
Monday starts on Saturday
Myths and mythologies : a reader
Chinese myths
Stories of dragons
The structural study of myth and totemism
Worlds Of Arthur : facts & fictions of the dark ages
Soul eater. 15
Companion to literary myths, heroes and archetypes
Myths of life & death
Three tales from the Arabian nights
The Greek myths. Volume 2
The spirits of Crossbones Graveyard : time, ritual, and sexual commerce in London
Soul eater. 19
Be more tree : a journey of wisdom, symbols, healing and renewal
The catalogue of folklore and mythology contains ca. 50,000 abstracts of oral texts from all over the  world. The distribution of  2,000 cosmological and etiological motifs, adventure and trickster episodes is systematically checked across almost 1,000 traditions. The database was developed as a tool for the research of prehistoric migrations and cultural interactions. The present article introduces and illustrates its potential for research..
Trehan Daciano, known as the Prince of Shadows, has spent his like serving his people - striking in the night, quietly executing any threat to their realm. The coldly disciplined swordsman has never desired anything for himself - until he beholds Bettina, the sheltered ward of two of the Lore's most fearsome villains.
Myth : a handbook
Soul eater. 10
The swan book
