http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12416 social cognition
social cognition
The Routledge handbook of embodied cognition
Social Perception and Social Reality contests the received wisdom in the field of social psychology that suggests that social perception and judgment are generally flawed, biased, and powerfully self-fulfilling. Jussim reviews a wealth of real world, survey, and experimental data collected over the last century to show that in fact, social psychological research consistently demonstrates that biases and self-fulfilling prophecies are generally weak, fragile, and fleeting. Furthermore, research in the social sciences has shown stereotypes to be accurate. Jussim overturns the received wisdom concerning social perception in several ways. He critically reviews studies that are highly cited darlings of the bias conclusion and shows how these studies demonstrate far more accuracy than bias, or are not replicable in subsequent research. Studies of equal or higher quality, which have been replicated consistently, are shown to demonstrate high accuracy, low bias, or both. The book is peppered with discussions suggesting that theoretical and political blinders have led to an odd state of affairs in which the flawed or misinterpreted bias studies receive a great deal of attention, while stronger and more replicable accuracy studies receive relatively little attention. In addition, the author presents both personal and real world examples (such as stock market prices, sporting events, and political elections) that routinely undermine heavy-handed emphases on error and bias, but are generally indicative of high levels of rationality and accuracy.
Social Cognition and Behavior in Relationship Context
Toward transformation in social knowledge
The comorbidity os schizophrenia and pervasive developmental disorders in adolescence
Navigating the social world requires sophisticated cognitive machinery that, although present quite early in crude forms undergoes significant change across the lifespan. This book reports on evidence that has accumulated on an unprecedented scale, showing us what capacities for social cognition are present at birth and early in life, and how these capacities develop through learning in the first years of life.
Evolution and the social mind : evolutionary psychology and social cognition
Truth, rationality, cognition, and music : proceedings of the seventh International Colloquium on Cognitive Science
The memory illusion : remembering, forgetting, and the science of false memory
Interpersonal perception : a theory and a method of research
A companion to cognitive science
Brain mechanisms underlying perception of naturalistic social events
Awareness, institutional entrepreneurship, and contradictions in emerging technological fields
Social psychology : attitudes, cognition and social behaviour
Dynamics and indeterminism in developmental and social processes
Cognitive structures as factors in social cognition : four empirical studies of implicit personality theory
Handbook of social cognition. Vol. 1, Basic processes
The self in social judgment
Early social cognition in three cultural contexts
Theories in social psychology
Social neuroscience : integrating biological and psychological explanations of social behavior
Perspectives on behavioral self-regulation
Handbook of social cognition. Vol. 2, Applications
Metacognition in group problem solving—a quest for socially shared metacognition
The Oxford handbook of emotion, social cognition, and problem solving in adulthood
Social perception and social reality : why accuracy dominates bias and self-fulfilling prophecy
The perception of people : integrating cognition and culture
Virtually face to face: enriching collaborative learning through multiplayer games
Preschoolers' peer competence : developmental perspectives on prosocial behavior, aggression, and social cognition
How do we understand others? : Beyond theories of mindreading and interactionism
Social cognition in schizophrenia : a promising target for treatment interventions or emperor's new clothes?
Brain correlates of social cognition and interaction
Essential social psychology
The social mind : cognitive and motivational aspects of interpersonal behavior
Social cognition : development, neuroscience, and autism
Social beings : core motives in social psychology
Foundations for designing user-centered systems : what system designers need to know about people
Metacognition : cognitive and social dimensions
Nice to do business with you: Changing social cognition and emerging microculture in business relationships
Over the last decade, the field of socio-emotional development and aging has rapidly expanded, with many new theories and empirical findings emerging. This trend is consistent with the broader movement in psychology to consider social, motivational, and emotional influences on cognition and behavior. The Oxford Handbook of Emotion, Social Cognition, and Problem Solving in Adulthood provides the first overview of a new field of adult development that has emerged out of conceptualizations and research at the intersections between socioemotional development, social cognition, emotion, coping, and everyday problem solving. This field roundly rejects a universal deficit model of aging, highlighting instead the dynamic nature of socio-emotional development and the differentiation of individual trajectories of development as a function of variation in contextual and experiential influences. It emphasizes the need for a cross-level examination (from biology and neuroscience to cognitive and social psychology) of the determinants of emotional and socio-emotional behavior. This volume also serves as a tribute to the late Fredda Blanchard-Fields, whose thinking and empirical research contributed extensively to a life-span developmental view of emotion, problem solving, and social cognition. Its chapters cover multiple aspects of adulthood and aging, presenting developmental perspectives on emotion; antecedents and consequences of emotion in context; everyday problem solving; social cognition; goals and goal-related behaviors; and wisdom. The landmark volume in this new field, The Oxford Handbook of Emotion, Social Cognition, and Problem Solving in Adulthood is an important resource for cognitive, developmental, and social psychologists, as well as researchers and graduate students in the field of aging, emotion studies, and social psychology.
Social faux pas and empathic understanding in patients with traumatic brain injury and major depression
Art and human development
Perspectives on gender in health behaviour change : investigations on health-specific psychosocial and gender-related personality factors
Social cognition and schizophrenia
Social comprehension and judgment : the role of situation models, narratives, and implicit theories
Macrostructures : an interdisciplinary study of global structures in discourse, interaction, and cognition
Children's understanding of society
This exciting new version of the classic text, Social Cognition , describes the increasingly complete link between neuroscience and culture. Highlighting the cutting-edge research in social neuropsychology, mainstream experimental social-cognitive psychology, and cultural psychology, it retains the authors' unique ability to be both scholarly and entertaining. Reader-friendly style and concise summaries combine with the authors' engaging perspectives on this flourishing field. Comprehensive without being overwhelming, this new standard for the field brings with it a new organization reflecting current consensus open issues of the field, and its trajectory into the future.
Cognition beyond the brain : computation, interactivity and human artifice
Mirror neuron systems : the role of mirroring processes in social cognition
Social psychology and politics
Other minds : how humans bridge the divide between self and others
Human and animal aggression : sociocognitive and neurobiological determinants
Emergency management and social intelligence : a comprehensive all-hazards approach
Structure and functions of the human prefrontal cortex
Social cognition : key readings
Social cognition during infancy
Social cognition and developmental psychopathology
Social cognition : understanding self and others
Social cognition and behavior in relationship context
Handbook of cognition and emotion
The sociocultural turn in psychology : the contextual emergence of mind and self
Guilt, shame, emotion regulation, and social cognition : understanding their associations with preadolescents' social behavior
Social psychology
Handbook of affect and social cognition
Crash cultures : modernity, mediation and the material
Supporting awareness in creative group work by exposing design rationale
A new look at social cognition in groups
Action, perception and the brain : adaptation and cephalic expression
Collaborative cognition : children negotiating ways of knowing
Thinkers' Personalities: On Individual Differences in the Processes of Sense Making - Arie W. Kruglanski & Anna Sheveland The Ideological Toolbox: Ideologies as Tools of Motivated Social Cognition - Aaron C. Kay & Richard P. Eibach Gene x Environment Interactions in Social Cognition - Joan Y. Chiao, Bobby K. Cheon, Genna M. Bebko, Robert W. Livingston & Ying-Yi Hong 'One Word: Plasticity' - Social Cognition's Futures - Susan T. Fiske.
Social cognition in adolescence : a tribute to Sandy (A.E.) Jackson (1937-2003)
Social cognition : from brains to culture
Social perception and cognition : processing of gestures, postures and  facial expressions in the human brain
Neuro- and social cognitions in adolescents with either schizophrenia, Asperger syndrome or schizophrenia with a comorbid pervasive developmental disorder
"Intended for researchers and advanced students in both human development and the arts, this book will also serve as a textbook for advanced courses on psychology and the arts and/or special topics courses in cognitive and/or human development."--BOOK JACKET.
Feeling and thinking : the role of affect in social cognition
Social cognition : how individuals construct social reality
The psychology of prejudice
Social neuroscience : toward understanding the underpinnings of the social mind
The socially distributed cognition of musical timbre : a convergence of semantic, perceptual, and acoustic aspects
Social cognition : an integrated introduction
Interpersonal perception : a social relations analysis
Social beings : a core motives approach to social psychology
Self and others
Social cognition : making sense of people
"In the current monograph, we report on a series of eight studies in which we systematically assessed the social-cognitive skills of 1- to 3-year-old children in three diverse cultural settings. One group of children was from a Western, middle-class cultural setting in rural Canada and the other two groups were from traditional, small-scale cultural settings in rural Peru and India. In the first group of studies, we assessed 1-year-old children's most basic social-cognitive skills for understanding the intentions and attention of others: imitation, helping, gaze following, and communicative pointing. Children's performance in these tasks was mostly similar across cultural settings. In a second group of studies, we assessed 1-year-old children's skills in participating in interactive episodes of collaboration and joint attention.... In the final pair of studies, we assessed 2- to 3-year old children's skills within two symbolic system (pretense and pictorial)."--Abstract.
Navigating the social world : what infants, children, and other species can teach us
Human recognition of basic emotions from posed and animated dynamic facial expressions
The Oxford handbook of social cognition
APA handbook of personality and social psychology. Vol. 1, Attitudes and social cognition
Affect in social thinking and behavior
Perceiving others : the psychology of interpersonal percepton
Predicting health behaviour : research and practice with social cognition models
Changing health behaviour : intervention and research with social cognition models
Making social worlds : a communication perspective
The Sage handbook of social cognition
Everyday thinking : memory, reasoning, and judgment in the real world
