http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1249 ceremonies
ceremonies
Rituals and patterns in children's lives
Ethiopia, peoples of the Omo Valley
New Zen : the tea-ceremony room in modern Japanese architecture
Earthly bodies, magical selves : contemporary pagans and the search for community
Performance theory / Richard Schechner
Civic ceremony and religion in medieval Bruges c. 1300-1520
Mooncakes and hungry ghosts : festivals of China
"A journey into the deeper workings of indigenous healing in the Amazon"--Provided by publisher.
English abstracts. - Santraukos lietuvių.
The forked branch : a study of meaning in Bedamini ceremonial
Festivals and ceremonies of the Roman republik
The Roman triumph
Christianity : worship, festivals and ceremonies from around the world
Contextualising grave inventories in the Ancient Near East : proceedings of a workshop at the London 7th ICAANE in April 2010 and an international symposium in Tübingen in November 2010, both organised by the Tübingen Post-Graduate School "Symbols of the Dead"
The Korean way of tea : an introductory guide
The way of tea
Take me to the water : Immersion baptism in vintage music and photography 1890-1950
Jongmyo : a shrine for human beings
The living tradition of Yup'ik masks : Agayuliyararput (our way of making prayer)
Islam : worship, festivals and ceremonies from around the world
Emerging ritual in secular societies : a transdisciplinary converstion
This study explores the development of ancient festival culture in the Greek East of the Roman Empire, paying particular attention to the fundamental religious changes that occurred. After analysing how Greek city festivals developed in the first two Imperial centuries, it concentrates on the major Roman festivals that were adopted in the Eastern cities and traces their history up to the time of Justinian and beyond. It addresses several key questions for the religious history of later antiquity: who were the actors behind these adoptions? How did the closed religious communities, Jews and pre-Constantinian Christians, articulate their resistance? How did these festivals change when the empire converted to Christianity? Why did emperors not yield to the long-standing pressure of the Church to abolish them? And finally, how did these very popular festivals - despite their pagan tradition - influence the form of the newly developed Christian liturgy?
Festivals and ceremonies of the Roman republic
The film captures the detailed procedures of Korea's ceremonial rituals that have been preserved through the diligent efforts of Ms. Choi So-hui, the eldest daughter-in-law of the 14th generation of a local family clan, as she goes about preparing a variety of foods for ancestral rites. Also describes "Suunjapbang," Korea's oldest known cookbook.
The return of the gift : European history of a global idea
"This book is a history of European interpretations of the gift from the mid seventeenth to the early twentieth century. Reciprocal gift exchange, pervasive in traditional European society, disappeared from the discourse of nineteenth-century social theory only to return as a major theme in twentieth-century anthropology, sociology, history, philosophy and literary studies. Modern anthropologists encountered gift exchange in Oceania and the Pacific Northwest and returned the idea to European social thought; Marcel Mauss synthesized their insights with his own readings from remote times and places in his famous 1925 essay on the gift, the starting-point for subsequent discussion. The Return of the Gift demonstrates how European intellectual history can gain fresh significance from global contexts"--Provided by publisher.
Encyclopaedia of faiths and religions of the world : an indepth study of all religions and religious sects, their doctrines, rites, ceremonies and customs
Studying Buddhism in practice
Ancient Egyptian tombs : the culture of life and death
Tikopia ritual and belief
Rites and ceremonies of Hindus and Muslims
Court ceremonies and rituals of power in Byzantium and the medieval Mediterranean : comparative perspectives
Bridging the gap : ritual and ritual texts in the Bible
The Sikhs : their history, religion, culture, ceremonies, and literature
Ceremonies for life
Celebrating events with banquets and ceremonies in the Joseon dynasty
Kingship and consent in Anglo-Saxon England, 871-978 : assemblies and the state in the early Middle Ages
Hopi snake ceremonies
Encyclopedia of religious rites, rituals, and festivals
Ritual dynamics and the science of ritual
Ceremonial games of the South American Indians
The way of tea : the sublime art of oriental tea drinking
Performance : critical concepts in literary and cultural studies
The teahouse fire : [a novel]
Oxford book of ceremonial music for organ
Status interaction during the reign of Louis XIV
The snake dance of the Hopi indians
Purity and the forming of religious traditions in the ancient Mediterranean world and ancient Judaism
Late medieval and early modern ritual : studies in Italian urban culture
Royal and ducal entries into major cities were an important aspect of political life in Renaissance and early modern Europe and the New World. The festivities provided an opportunity for the municipal authorities to show off their wealth, learning, political nous, and aspiration while allowing writers, painters, sculptors, architects, set-designers, scene-painters, dancers, musicians, choreographers, and others an unparalleled opportunity to showcase their wares. The essays in this volume cover a range of royal and ducal entries, some well documented and well known, others less so, some barely documented at all. Each essay tackles an aspect of the business of putting together an entry festivity, discusses a particular difficulty posed for the contemporary scholar by the extant documentation, or offers a consideration of issues central to the development of this type of festivity or the literature associated with it.
Codified Tranquility : Ritual and Communitas in the Japanese Way of Tea
Blooms and blessings : a secular exploration of the role of flowers in religious rituals and ceremonies
Societies, both ancient and modern, have frequently celebrated and proclaimed their military victories through overt public demonstrations. In the ancient world, however, the most famous examples of this come from a single culture and period - Rome in the final years of the Roman Republic and early Roman Empire - while those from other cultures - such as Egypt, Greece, Neo-Assyria, and indeed other periods of Roman history áre generally unexplored. The aim of this volume is to present a more complete study of this phenomenon and offer a series of cultural reactions to successful military actions by various peoples of the ancient Mediterranean world, illustrating points of similarity and diversity, and demonstrating the complex and multifaceted nature of this trans-cultural practice.
The cost of death : the social and economic value of ancient Egyptian funerary art in the Ramesside period
Purity is a cultural construct that had a central role in the forming and the development of religious traditions in the ancient Mediterranean. This volume analyzes concepts, practices and images associated with purity in the main cultures of Antiquity, and discusses from a comparative perspective their parallel developments and transformations. The perspective adopted is both synchronic and diachronic; the comparative approach takes into account points of contact and mutual influences, but also includes major transcultural trends. A number of renowned specialists contribute a large variety of perspectives and approaches, combining archaeology, epigraphy and social history; in addition, particular attention is given to concepts of purity in ancient Israel and early Judaism as a 'test-case' of sorts. Through its extensive coverage, the volume contributes decisively to the present discussion about the forming of religious traditions in the ancient Mediterranean world.
The jaguar that roams the mind : an Amazonian plant spirit odyssey
Words and deeds : Hindu and Buddhist rituals in South Asia
The Little book of Jewish celebrations
Religious revival in the Tibetan borderlands : the Premi of southwest China
The Durbar
The jaguar and the priest : an ethnography of Tzeltal souls
Performing death : social analyses of funerary traditions in the ancient Near East and Mediterranean
Ritual dynamics in the ancient Mediterranean : agency, emotion, gender, representation
New Guinea ceremonies
Text and ritual in early China
Ritual and space in the Middle Ages : proceedings of the 2009 Harlaxton Symposium
Religion and ritual in ancient Egypt
Power and Enchantement : ritual textiles from the Islands
Japanese arts and the tea ceremony
Memory of water
Iškilmės ir kasdienybė Lietuvos Didžiojoje Kunigaikštystėje ir jos kontekstuose = Celebrations and everyday life in the Grand Duchy of Lithuania and its contexts
Tea : ceremony and culture and all that goes with it
Curious survivals : habits and customs of the past that still live in the present
Holy matrimony : a symbolic analysis of the American wedding ritual
Rites of place : public commemoration in Russia and Eastern Europe
The magnificent monarch : Charles II and the ceremonies of power
The old customs and ceremonies of London
The American way of death
Ritual pečal'nogo korteža : ritual pohoron Rossijskih imperatorov = Funeral ceremonies for Russian emperors
Journeys of the soul : anthropological studies of death, burial, and reburial practices in Borneo
Rites and Rituals of the Christian East : Proceedings of the Fourth International Congress of the Society of Oriental Liturgy, Lebanon, 10-15 July 2012
Teaching ritual
Jabmek and Jabmeaimo : a comparative study of the dead and the realm of the dead in Lappish religion
Ritual in its own right : exploring the dynamics of transformation
Wicca & witchcraft for dummies
The familia urbana during the early empire : a study of columbaria inscriptions
The Royal wedding : the official album
Carved initiation sticks and bows from Taveta Kenya Colony
Jongmyo is the royal ancestrial shrine of the Josecon Dynasty. Considered as one of the most sublime and moderate architecture of the Joseon Dynasty. Jongmyo was designated as World Heriage by UNESCO in 1995.
State and court ritual in China
The archaeology of ritual and magic
The spirits and their cousins : some aspects of belief, ritual, and social organization in a rural Hausa village in Niger
The book of Korean tea : a guide to the history, culture and philosophy of Korean tea and the tea ceremony
Native American dance : ceremonies and social traditions
The Elizabethan new year's gift exchanges, 1559-1603
Death : antiquity and its legacy
Religious life of the Ilavas of Kerala : change and continuity
Korean tea classics
Su wun jab bang : Traditions beyond 500 years : Korea's traditional tastes
Rulership in France, 15th-17th centuries
Death and ritual : funerary rites in India and the Philippines
Burning money : the material spirit of the Chinese lifeworld
Memoirs of a geisha
The Japanese tea ceremony : an interpretation for occidentals
Judaism : worship, festivals and ceremonies from around the world
English abstract.
Joseon royal court culture : ceremonial and daily life
This book investigates the lives of servile dependants, and their role in the large households of the elite Romans. In parallel to the public and political lives of the aristocracy under constant public gaze, there had been other lives led that were totally different but closely connected to them as if the other side of the coin - the usually unseen world of servile dependants. An uneasy proximity created by the cohabitation of the two opposite status groups (aristocratic masters and slaves) brought conflicts and contradiction. In attempting a new inquiry into such historically anonymous individuals and their res publica, the domus, this present work confines itself to analysis of a particular group of inscriptions from Rome (1st/2nd centuries AD), commonly referred to as the columbaria inscriptions. The 'columbarium', a dovecote-like burial structure, was designed to accommodate a number of epitaphs and urns of ashes and became particularly popular during the Julio-Claudian period. Such a communal burial structure appears to have been shared by people with a common background, in many cases the slaves and freedmen staff of a noble family. In other words, the set of epitaphs from a given columbarium is arguably representative of the familia urbana of a certain noble family. Once the group of individuals is thus given an identity, it opens the way to systematic examination of their lives and status from multiple angles. These inscriptions, relatively unexplored until recent decades, offer researchers unique insights into otherwise anonymous people.
The sacred wisdom of the American Indians
The burden of the ceremony master : image and action in San Marco, Venice, and in an Islamic mosque : the Rituum Cerimoniale of 1564
The Japanese tea ceremony : cha-no-yu
A king travels : festive traditions in late medieval and early modern Spain
Japanese tea culture : art, history, and practice
Religious rites and festivals of India
Holy week and Easter ceremonies and dramas from medieval Sweden
Roman festivals in the Greek East : from the early empire to the Middle Byzantine Era
Ritual, performance and the senses
Shawnee! : the ceremonialism of a native Indian tribe and its cultural background
Death in East Germany, 1945-1990
Life and afterlife in Ancient Egypt during the Middle Kingdom and second intermediate period
This book is a vivid reconstruction of the practical aspects of ancient Egyptian religion. Through an examination of artifacts and inscriptions, the text explores a variety of issues. For example, who was allowed to enter the temples, and what rituals were preformed therein? Who served as priests? How were they organized and trained, and what did they do? What was the Egyptians,♯ ḁttitude toward death, and what happened at funerals? How did the living and dead communicate? In what ways could people communicate with the gods? What impact did religion have on the economy and longevity of the society? This book demystifies Egyptian religion, exploring what it meant to the people and society. The text is richly illustrated with images of rituals and religious objects.
Oolong tea
Dangerous gifts : gender and exchange in ancient Greece
Hindu religion, customs and manners : describing the customs and manners, religious, social and domestic life, arts and sciences of the Hindus
Ritual, ceremony and the changing monarchy in France, 1350-1789
Latin American indigenous warfare and ritual violence
Ceremonial execution and public rewards : some historical scenes of new kingdom private stelae
The wicca bible : the definitive guide to magic and the craft
French ceremonial entries in the sixteenth century : event, image, text
Hinduism and other eastern religions : worship, festivals and ceremonies from around the world
The Oxford edition of the sermons of John Donne. Volume 1, Sermons preached at the Jacobean Courts, 1615-1619
Magic : a theory from the south
Events and the social sciences
Continuity for centuries : a ceremonial building and its context at Uppåkra, southern Sweden
Dance-rituals of Manipur, India : an introduction to "Meitei Jagoi"
Santería : African magic in Latin America
The archaeology of ritual
The way of tea, tea as a way of life : Cha Dao
Remains of ritual : northern gods in a southern land
Hindu religious life of Ezhavas; study based on field work done in Murukkumpula, town in Trivandrum District, Kerala, during July 1984- Aug. 1985.
Performance studies : an introduction / Richard Schechner
In this book, Eric Montgomery and Christian Vannier provide an ethnographically informed text on the cultural meanings and practices surrounding the gods and metaphysics of Vodu, as they relate to daily life in an ethnic Ewe fishing community on the coast of southern Togo. The authors approach this spirit possession and medicinal order through "shrine ethnography," understanding shrines as parts of sacred landscapes that are ecological, economic, political, and social. Giving voice to practitioners and situating shrines and Vodu itself into the history and political economy of the region make this text pertinent to the social changes and global relevance of Millennial Africa.
The ceremonial city : history, memory and myth in Renaissance Venice
Ceremony and power : performing politics in Rome between republic and empire
An ethnography of a Vodu shrine in southern Togo : of spirit, slave, and sea
Good company and violence : sorcery and social action in a lowland New Guinea society
"Ritual, Performance and the Senses is a unique and timely collection at the heart of which is an experiment in anthropological theory. It explores the possibility of developing a new anthropology of ritual by combining theoretical insights from three distinct domains of anthropological inquiry: cognitive/neuroanthropology, performance studies and the anthropology of the senses. These three areas of study are often considered, and indeed operate institutionally, as distinct academic sub-fields, and yet they share substantive objects of study, with their focus on experience, the body and the relationships between percept, concept and action. Bringing together scholars from each of these disciplines to consider the potential for drawing insights from each area to help to theorize ritual, this collection sheds new light on one of anthropology's most enduring research objects: by understanding ritual we understand processes at the very centre of human social life - of humanity itself. This will be invaluable reading for students and scholars of anthropology, cognitive science, performance studies and religious studies"--
Pseudo-Kodinos and the Constantinopolitan court : offices and ceremonies
Death, mourning, and the afterlife in Korea : from ancient to contemporary times
Remembering JFK : 50th anniversary concert
Hanguk minsok taekwan = Survey of Korean folk culture. 1, Sahoe kujo, kwanhonsangje
"I foresee my life" : the ritual performance of autobiography in an Amazonian community
The third supplementary volume of the series “Qaṭna Studien” contains the contributions from the workshop “Symbols of the Dead”, held at the 7th ICAANE in London on 14th and 15th April 2010, and the symposium “Grave Inventories and their (Inter)regional Context. An Interdisciplinary Approach”, which was held in Tübingen between 25th and 27th November 2010. Both conferences were organized by the post-graduate school “Symbols of the Dead”. This volume comprises theoretical discussions and archaeological case studies, as well as archaeometric analytical studies so as to identify the composition and provenance of objects, inter alia from grave contexts. The contributions cover a geographical field spanning Syria, Mesopotamia, the Syro-Anatolian regions, Jordan, Egypt, and the Aegean, and they chronologically span from the 4th to the 1st millennia B.C. They either compare different regions in one single period, or one region over several periods. Thus, the volume offers insights into different approaches to interpreting mortuary practices, the symbolism of grave goods, and the interaction of the living with the dead. The papers are divided into three sections – “The Dead, The Ancestors and the Living”; “Mortuary Rituals”; “Grave Goods, Food and Offerings” – each referring to a prominent aspect of the symbolism of the dead in the Ancient Near East. At the same time, these sections represent major fields of research within mortuary studies in recent years.
A Whalebone Mask from Amaknak Island, Eastern Aleutian Islands, Alaska
Writing royal entries in early modern Europe
The occult life of things : native Amazonian theories of materiality and personhood
Rituals of triumph in the Mediterranean world
Etrusco ritu : case studies in Etruscan ritual behaviour
Ceremonial entries in early modern Europe : the iconography of power
Remaking America : public memory, commemoration, and patriotism in the twentieth century
Neolithic human burial practices : the interpretation of funerary behaviors at Bronocice, Poland
