http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12434 arctic region
arctic region arctic zone
Cold regions: pivot points, focal points : proceedings of the 24rd Polar Libraries Colloquy June 11-14, 2012, Boulder, Colorado, United States
Arctic ecosystems in a changing climate : an ecophysiological perspective
Polar research
The Soviet North
Food web structure of an Arctic lake (Pulmankijärvi, northern Finland) studied by stable isotope analyses
The north water
Conquering nature and engaging with the environment in the Russian industrialised North
Sixth Annual Meeting of the CAFF International Working Group : CAFF VI : summary report : Nuuk, Greenland, September 27-30, 1997
Environment, vegetation and greenness (NDVI) along the North America and Eurasia Arctic transects : focus on dynamics of arctic and sub-arctic vegetation
Spatial and temporal patterns of greenness on the Yamal Peninsula, Russia : interactions of ecological and social factors affecting the Arctic normalized difference vegetation index
The effectiveness of the Arctic Council
Cool : applied visual arts in the North
Microbial communities in sea ice
On the parameterization of basal heat flux for sea-ice modelling
Report of the second Norwegian arctic expedition in the "Fram" 1898-1902.. Vol. 4
Arctic politics, the law of the sea and Russian identity : the Barents sea delimitation agreement in Russian public debate
The increasing interest towards the Arctic has been witnessed during the past decades. However, the commonly shared definitions of the Arctic key concepts have not yet penetrated national and international arenas for political and economic decision making. The lack of jointly defined framework has made different analyses related to the Arctic quite limited considering the magnitude of economic potential embedded in Arctic.    This paper is built on the key findings of two separate, yet connected projects carried out in the Oulu region, Finland. In this paper's approach, the Arctic context has been defined as a composition of three overlapping layers. The first layer is the phenomenological approach to define the Arctic region. The second layer is the strategy-level analysis to define different Arctic paths as well as a national level description of a roadmap to Arctic specialization. The third layer is the operationalization of the first two layers to define the Arctic business context and business opportunities.    The studied case from Oulu region indicates that alternative futures for the Arctic competences and business activities are in resemblance with only two of the four identified strategic pathways. Introduction of other pathways to regional level actors as credible and attractive options would require additional, systematic efforts.
Arctic sustainable arts and design
Relate North : art, heritage & identity
The snowstorm
The ecology of a freshwater crustacean: Lepidurus arcticus (Brachiopoda; Notostraca) in a High Arctic region
Bear Island : the story of an isolated Arctic island : exploration, people, culture and nature : a personal account
Pohjoiset keinot = Northern ways
Fifth meeting of the CAFF International Working Group, Rovaniemi, Finland, September 9-11, 1996 : summary report
Great powers, arctic security and Finland
Celovek i Sever = Man and the north
Materialy meždunarodnoj naučno-praktičeskoj konferencii ÈkoPečora 2014 - Èkosistemnyj Podhod Prirodopol'zovaniâ v Arktike : Preimuŝestva i Perspektivy : g. Nar'ân-Mar, Nenečkij avtonomnyj okrug, Rossijskaâ federaciâ, 16-17 oktâbra 2014 g. = Proceedings of the international scientific and practical conference EcoPechora 2014 - Ecosystem Approach to Nature Management in the Arctic : Advantages and Prospects : Naryan-Mar, Nenets Autonomous Okrug, Russian Federation, october 16-17, 2014.
Lidar measurements of polar stratospheric clouds
Arctic Potential : Could More Structured View Improve the Understanding of Arctic Business Opportunities?
Security in the North
Arctic contributions to social science and public policy
Soviet data on the arctic heat budget and its climatic influence
Cirkumpolârnaâ civilizaciâ : idei i proekty = The circumpolar civilization : ideas and projects
Arctic science, engineering, and education : directory of awards : fiscal year
Northern landscapes : "Implementation of the European Landscape Convention in the North Calotte Area Municipalities" : conference in Inari, Finland 7-9 September 2011
Arctic terrestrial biodiversity monitoring plan
Guidelines for wildlife management in northern regions : priority project of the Northern Forum establishment of guidelines for wildlife management
Environmental research in the Arctic 2005
I went to the Soviet Arctic
Circumpolar Protected Areas Network (CPAN) : strategy and action plan
New challenges and global problems in the Arctic
The dialectic of understanding progress in arctic governance
Arctic odyssey : travelling Arctic Europe
The social of sustainable development : feminist readings from the Arctic
The Arctic : papers of an international conference, Syktyvkar, 16-18 May, 1991
Climate change - and the North Atlantic
Introductory words
Political environment and business development in the arctic : strategic opportunities and threats for Finnish companies
Historical atlas of the Arctic
Spitsbergen - Svalbard : a complete guide around the Arctic archipelago - nature and history, places and regions, useful and important information
The ends of the earth : an anthology of the finest writing on the Arctic and the Antarctic
Arctic artistry
'Barents Euro-Arctic cooperation : administrators meet scientists' : abstract book
Arctic governance  in an evolving Arctic region : a proposal
Performing the emancipation of indigeneity from the corporeal politics, through the indigenous agencies
Arktis : Der derzeitige Stand unserer Kenntnisse über die Erforschung der Nordpolargebiete = The Arctic: The present state of our information regarding the exploration of the North Polar regions
Antarctica and international law : a collection of inter-state and national documents : index
New ways to respond to climate change in the Arctic
The Arctic environmental initiative
Report from ICARP-III planning meeting
Flowering plants and ferns of Southeast Greenland
Global change education in the Arctic
Arctic environmental protection strategy : June 14, 1991.
Preface : the International Polar Year project 'Kinnvika' − Arctic warming and impact research at 80° N.
Spatial and temporal variability of net accumulation from shallow cores from Vestfonna Ice Cap (Nordaustlandet, Svalbard)
Commentary: dialogue across borders in the circumpolar north : highlights from the 2012 Calotte Academy on Water in/and the Arctic
Polar reaches : the history of Arctic and Antarctic exploration
Arctic hydrology, present and future tasks : Hydrology of Svalbard - Hydrological problems in cold climate
Current developments in Arctic law : Volume 2
Workshop on persistent organic pollutants (POPs) in the Arctic : human health and environmental concerns : proceedings of the workshop, Rovaniemi, 18-20 January 2000
Journal of northern studies
The 1998 Nunavut handbook : travelling in Canada's Arctic
From regional transition to global change : dualism in the Arctic : an introduction to the Arctic yearbook 2013
The circumpolar north : a political and economic geography of the arctic and sub-arctic
Canada and the new geopolitics of the North Pacific rim
Dependence of Arctic char (Salvelinus alpinus L.) on littoral and pelagic energy sources in a subarctic lake, Saanajärvi
Geopolitics of a 'melting' North
Is there an arctic ecosystem emerging? : Oulu region's perspective
Interest toward Arctic issues has been growing during the past years. This growing interest has not been followed by commonly shared definitions of the Arctic key concepts. This has led to a coexistence of a variety of definitions which sometimes are almost contradictory. The essence of the Arctic in the operational agendas is hard to find considering the high frequency of the term Arctic appearing in publicly expressed strategies. In this paper, the Arctic dimension and its relevance to key actors are investigated by applying an ecosystem approach. The studied case is from the Oulu region of Finland where there has been two consecutive projects aiming at the clarification of the role of the Arctic in the region. In addition to completed projects and their reports, the researched material in this paper consists of the preparation materials of the renewal process of the Oulu Innovation Alliance. This ecosystem approach offers an interesting alternative to deepening the understanding of the Arctic positioning of participating actors. Instead of analyzing separate strategic documents of individual actors, it is reasonable to study collaborative products of the members of the innovation ecosystem. However, an additional research step is introduced by this ecosystem approach – that is, that the existence of the ecosystem needs to be verified. As easily as organizations name the Arctic as their area of interest without explicating their interpretation of the Arctic, various collaborative forms of development are labeled as an ecosystem without validating the true nature of the co-operation. Therefore, in this paper the Oulu Innovation Alliance is first analyzed from the ecosystem perspective and after that the Arctic dimension is examined. According to this brief study, the Oulu Innovation Alliance fulfills the criteria of an innovation ecosystem – the key characteristics can be found in the preparatory documentation of the renewal process. Moreover, the plans for execution and operationalization of the Oulu Innovation Alliance seem to be sufficient to ensure the realization of the planned innovation ecosystem. Finally, the planned new Oulu Innovation Alliance cannot be interpreted as an Arctic innovation ecosystem – the Arctic dimension is addressed directly or indirectly in some of the sub-ecosystems, but it is not defined as a major factor. Compared to previous attempts to specify the true valuation of the Arctic dimension from the key actors' perspective, the ecosystem approach offers a richer, deeper and more versatile view of the importance and weight of the Arctic issues. Hence, whenever it is suitable the ecosystem approach seems to be a justified research strategy when addressing these rather challenging issues.
Quo vadis, arcticum? : the international law regime of the Arctic and trends in its development. Leonid Timtchenko
Environmental and biotic determinants of growth and height of arctic willow shrubs along a latitudinal gradient
The North Pole
Arctic Environmental Cooperation. Study in Governmentality
Animals as capital : comparisons among northern nomadic herders and hunters
Feasibility of commercial cargo shipping along the Northern Sea Route
Polar tourism in the northeast passage : from the Antarctic to the Arctic : a case study
Climate change and vulnerability of the Arctic elderly : an assessment from human rights point of view
Arctic Europe : bringing together the EU arctic policy and Nordic cooperation
Understanding Earth's polar challenges : International Polar Year 2007-2008 : summary
Networking the North : cross border connections and the new international circumpolar geopolitics
The Arctic world
Ecology of arctic environments
Life at the underside of Arctic sea-ice: biological interactions between the ice cover and the pelagic realm
Why do we need multilateral environmental agreements to protect the arctic environment?
The politicization of the Arctic in the beginning of the 21st century : how do the Arctic Ocean states legitimate their new role in the Arctic of melting ice and new opportunities?
Permafrost in our time : community-based permafrost temperature archive
The politics of the Arctic
The northward course of the Anthropocene : transformation, temporality and telecoupling in a time of environmental crisis
Design and wicked problems in the rural Arctic
The hydrologic cycle and its role in Arctic and global environmental change : a rationale and strategy for synthesis study : a report from the scientific community to the National Science Foundation Arctic System Science Program
Arctic civil engineering : road and foundation engineering in North-Russia and in northern Finland : seminar collection, Oulu 16th-17th January 1995
Resource exploitation in the Arctic : incorrect diagnoses, misinterpretations  and wrong solutions – how to avoid these?
The heat budget of the Arctic Basin and its relation to climate
The future of the Arctic and the prospective Arctic business opportunities have been studied from Oulu region's perspective in two separate projects. Observations from these projects form the core of this article. Conceptualisation of the Arctic is a crucial precondition when processing Arctic themes and topics. The Arctic can be interpreted as special conditions and operations and know-how related to them or the Arctic can be defined as a location of various economic activities related to Arctic resources. It is suggested that by focusing on the strategic significance, networking by creating business-oriented clusters and increasing visibility by highlighting and promoting Arctic expertise it would be possible to clarify Arctic concepts and business opportunities. Versatile information presented in approachable and illustrative form should be combined with appropriate promotion of the different aspects of the Arctic. The gap between public policy and private sector actions should be narrowed with all means possible.
Plant-soil interactions in cold climate
Crossing open ground
Geopolitics in, and of, the High North
Patterns of mixed land use on remote Eurasian rangelands
Arctic tourism and global tourism trends
Arctic security : policy analysis of the circumpolar states
Scientific plan for a regional programme in the arctic on global change : proceedings of a workshop at Reykjavik, Iceland 22-25 April 1992.
Qajaq : a journal dedicated to the study of northern native watercraft
The raiders
Glaciations and climate in the Cenozoic Arctic : evidence from microtextures of ice-rafted quartz grains
Zodiac Station
Natural Resources Workshop : presented papers
Arctic alternatives : civility or militarism in the circumpolar North
Polar tourism : an environmental perspective
Legislating the blind spot : the EU seal regime and the Newfoundland seal hunt
Strategic assessment of development of the Arctic : assessment conducted for the European Union
A black explorer at the North pole
Boundaries and Agency in Climate Uncertainty : Encountering Traditional Knowledge at the Edges of Science
Vascular plants from Erik Raude's land (East Greenland 71°30-́75°40 ́lat. N)
Type studies in Russula 1: on two species described by Kuhner
Aids and other sexually transmitted diseases in the Arctic regions : proceedings of the circumpolar meeting on aids prevention, Ilulissat, Greenland, September 26-28, 1989
What are the impacts of reindeer/caribou (Rangifer tarandus L.) on arctic and alpine vegetation? : A systematic review protocol
International scientific cooperation in the Arctic = Meždunarodnoe naučnoe sotrudničestvo v Arktike
Protecting the arctic's environment : impressions of the co-chairs
Arctic animals in relation to climatic fluctuations
HOMES IN COLD PLACES
Strategy papers on the Arctic or high north : a comparative study and analysis
The last imaginary place : a human history of the Arctic world
Multiple indicators of human impacts on the environment in the Pechora Basin, north-eastern European Russia
Development of the Russian Arctic offshore : the proceedings of the first (1993) International Conference
Sustainability in the Arctic : proceedings from Nordic Arctic Research Forum Symposium 1993
The actions of the Arctic states respecting the continental shelf : a reflective essay
Arctic strategies and policies : inventory and comparative study
Incidental take of seabirds in commercial fisheries in the Arctic countries
Governance of protected areas in the Arctic
Svalbard : a Norwegian outpost
Current developments in Arctic law : Volume 1
"The Permafrost/Active Layer Monitoring Program is an ongoing project that builds on work begun in 2005 to establish long-term permafrost and active layer monitoring sites adjacent to schools in Alaska and in the circumpolar permafrost region (Russia, Norway, China, Mongolia, Japan, Canada and Greenland). Over three hundred schools (red dots in globe) are involved in the project. The monitoring sites collect temperature measurement data on permafrost and the length and depth of the active layer. This information is important because changes in permafrost conditions affect local ecosystems and hydrological regimes, and can influence the severity on natural disasters"--page 4 of cover.
Perception of the Arctic as Tourism Destination and Perspectives of its Utilization by Tourism Industry in Finnish Lapland
Arctic yearbook
Arctic wears : perspectives on arctic clothing
Lost in a sea of words? : discources of the Russian geopolitical thinking on the Arctic
A chemistry-transport model simulation of the stratospheric ozone for 1980 to 2019
The expedition : solving the mystery of a polar tragedy
The other moratorium : freezing central arctic fisheries as the ice withdraws
Design and wicked problems in the Rural Arctic
The Arctic in world affairs : a North Pacific dialogue on the future of the Arctic
The fourth ministerial meeting under the Arctic Environmental Protection Strategy : Alta, Norway, June 12-13 1997.
Community perceptions to climate change in Finnish Lapland : examining vulnerabilities and adaptive responses to the changing characteristics of Arctic tourism
A model for optimal mycorrhizal colonization along altitudinal gradients
From crisis to opportunity : rebuilding Canada's role in northern research : final report to NSERC and SSHRC from the Task Force on Northern Research
Spatial variation of climate and the impact of disturbances on local climate and forest recovery in northern Finland
Arctic exploration & international relations, 1900-1932 : [a period of expanding national interests]
European High North investment catalogue 2012
Report of the second Norwegian arctic expedition in the "Fram" 1898-1902.. Vol. 3
Linking water and carbon cycles : modeling latent heat exchange and dissolved organic carbon
Defining arcticity: phenomenological study on tourists' understanding of arctic
Arctic potential : could more structured view improve the understanding of arctic business opportunities?
Proceedings of the twelfth Arctic Ungulate Conference
Artic world : Marvelous landscapes of the
Northern veche : the 2nd open meeting of the Northern Research Forum, Veliky Novgorod, Russia, September 19 to 22, 2002.
State of the Arctic strategies and policies : a summary
Arctic anthropology
Researching and combining Northern geopolitics and security in the North
The arctic region is predicted to experience the earliest and most pronounced global warming response to human-induced climatic change. This book synthesizes information on the physiological ecology of arctic plants, discusses how physiological processes influence ecosystem processes, and explores how climate warming will affect arctic plants, plant communities, and ecosystem processes. It reviews the physiological ecology of arctic plants. It explores biotic controls over community and ecosystems processes. It provides physiological bases for predicting how the Arctic will respond to global climate change.
Glaciations and climate in the Cenozoic Arctic:evidence from microtextures of ice-rafted quartz grains
Evaluation of the Methods for the Oil Spill Response in the Offshore Arctic Region
The Arctic from a military viewpoint : a summary of Jacob Børresen's presentation at the Suomenlinna seminar
Oil extraction in extreme remoteness : the organization of work and long-distance commuting in Russia’s northern resource peripheries
Polar indigenous peoples are threatened  by climate change
AMAP assessment 2002 : heavy metals in the Arctic
Spitsbergen-Svalbard. A complete guide around the arctic archipelago
Scramble for resources or orderly development : what is happening in the Arctic?
Polar and glaciological abstracts
Actor-networks of Northern lights tourism in Iceland, Norway and Finland
Opportunity meets uncertainty : towards sustainable business in the Arctic region
Arctic Business Potential from Oulu Region's Perspective : Opportunities and Obstacles
The Arctic Council : its place in the future of Arctic governance
One dog short : the odyssey and collection of a family in Alaska during the gold rush years
The North water : a novel
