http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12424 atheism
atheism
The first decade of the twenty-first century has witnessed a cluster of authors who have attained public notoriety through their mockery of religion and their popularizing of atheism. How should Christians and other believers understand and respond to this aggressive attack on their faith? In this collection of public addresses, leading academic theologians and philosophers who have written about the New Atheists seek to sum up their thinking and help us make sense of this contemporary phenomenon-and offer a richer and more sophisticated account of what belief in God is really about.
Gunning for God : why the new atheists are missing the target
The inspirational atheist : wise words on the wonder and meaning of life
The future of Atheism : Alister McGrath & Daniel Dennett in dialogue
An atheism that is not humanist emerges in French thought
Mere theology : Christian faith and the discipleship of the mind
Surprisingly, no book of quotations on God and religion by atheists and agnostics exists. Luckily for the millions of American nonbelievers who have quietly stewed for years as the religious right made gains in politics and culture, the wait is over. Bestselling author Jack Huberman's zeitgeist sense has honed into the backlash building against religious fundamentalism and collected a veritable treasure trove of quotes by philosophers, scientists, poets, writers, artists, entertainers, and political figures. His colorful cast of atheists includes Karen Armstrong, Lance Armstrong, Jules Feiffer, Federico Fellini, H.L. Mencken, Ian McKellen, Isaac Singer, Jonathan Swift, Ludwig Wittgenstein, Virginia Woolf and the Marquis de Sade / from publisher description.
Marxism and religion : a description and assessment of the Marxist critique of Christianity
Has science found God? : the latest results in the search for purpose in the universe
Reasonable atheism : a moral case for respectful disbelief
Atheism : a philosophical justification
Why God won't go away : engaging with the new atheism
The rage against God
This volume of the classic series is devoted to the claims, arguments, and perspectives of the New Atheists. The volume collects original work on these topics of leading thinkers in the philosophy of religion, epistemology, and metaphysics, and philosophy of science. These studies are punctuated by an original short story by a leading novelist. --
Atheism and Perestroika
The making of an atheist : how immorality leads to unbelief
Battling the gods : atheism in the ancient world
Religion for atheists : a non-believer's guide to the uses of religion
Atheism and perestroika
The Cambridge companion to atheism
Atheism : a reader
In the vale of tears : on Marxism and theology, V
Philip Kitcher constructs an original and persuasive secular perspective, one that answers human needs, recognizes the objectivity of values, and provides for the universal desire for meaningfulness. Kitcher thoughtfully and sensitively considers how secularism can respond to the worries and challenges that all people confront, including the issue of mortality. He investigates how secular lives compare with those of people who adopt religious doctrines as literal truth, as well as those who embrace less literalistic versions of religion. Whereas religious belief has been important in past times, Kitcher concludes that evolution away from religion is now essential. He envisions the successors to religious life, when the senses of identity and community traditionally fostered by religion will instead draw on a broader range of cultural items--those provided by poets, filmmakers, musicians, artists, scientists, and others. With clarity and deep insight, Kitcher reveals the power of secular humanism to encourage fulfilling human lives built on ethical truth.
How to be an agnostic
The essence of Christianity
Atheism in Britain. Vol. 4, Janus on Sion
Contemporary critiques of religion
Everything beautiful
Why there almost certainly is a God : Doubting Dawkins
Atheists generated widespread anxieties between the Reformation and the Enlightenment. In response to such anxieties a distinct genre of religious apologetics emerged in England between 1580 and 1720. By examining the form and the content of the confutation of atheism, Anti-Atheism in Early Modern England demonstrates the prevalence of patterned assumptions and arguments about who an atheist was and what an atheist was supposed to believe, outlines and analyzes the major arguments against atheists, and traces the important changes and challenges to this apologetic discourse in the early Enlightenment.
Naturalism without foundations
Religion : beyond religion
The salvation of atheists and Catholic dogmatic theology
Of Gandhi, atheism and social experimentalism : a collection of speeches and articles
Religion and atheism in the U.S.S.R. and Eastern Europe
Atheism, religion and enlightenment in pre-revolutionary Europe
The atheist's bible : an illustrious collection of irreverent thoughts
A short history of atheism
Religion and morality
Heidegger's atheism : the refusal of a theological voice
The secular outlook : in defense of moral and political secularism
Divine hiddenness : new essays
Storming the heavens : the Soviet League of the Militant Godless
The new sciences of religion : exploring spirituality from the outside in and bottom up
The God delusion
An atheist's history of belief : understanding our most extraordinary invention
A short history of Atheism
Man without God : an introduction to unbelief
In the Vale of Tears' brings to a culmination the project for a renewed and enlivened debate over the interaction between Marxism and religion. It does so by offering the author's own response to that tradition. It simultaneously draws upon the rich insights of a significant number of Western Marxists and strikes out on its own. Thus, it argues for the crucial role of political myth on the Left; explores the political ambivalence at the heart of Christianity; challenges the bent among many on the Left to favour the unexpected rupture of kairós as a key to revolution; is highly suspicious of the ideological and class alignments of ethics; offers a thorough reassessment of the role of festishism in the Marxist tradition; and broaches the question of death, unavoidable for any Marxist engagement with religion. While the book is the conclusion to the five-volume series 'The Criticism of Heaven and Earth', it also stands alone as a distinct intervention in some burning issues of our time.
Zero times infinity
Theists and atheists : a typology of non-belief
American secularism : cultural contours of nonreligious belief systems
Called out of darkness : a spiritual confession
Atheist manifesto : the case against Christianity, Judaism, and Islam
Atheism in the English Renaissance
Living with a wild God : a non-believer's search for the truth about everything
Morality without God?
The future of God : a practical approach to spirituality for our times
The last superstition : a refutation of the new atheism
Why I became an atheist : a former preacher rejects Christianity
Philosophers without gods : meditations on atheism and the secular life
The drama of atheist humanism
An anthology of atheism and rationalism
God : the failed hypothesis ; how science shows that God does not exist
Since the twin towers crashed to the ground on 9/11 there has been no end to claims that religion 'is dangerous', 'kills' , or 'poisons everything'. And if religion is the problem with the world, say the New Atheists, the answer is simple: get rid of it. But are things really so straightforward? Tackling Hawking, Dawkins, Dennett, Hitchens, and a newcomer in the field - the French philosopher Michel Onfray - John Lennox points out some of the fallacies in the New Atheist approach, arguing that their irrational and unscientific methodology leaves them guilty of the very obstinate foolishness they criticise in dogmatic religious folks. Erudite and wide-ranging, Gunning for God packs some debilitating punches. However, it also puts forward new ideas about the nature of God and Christianity that will give Dawkins' best friends and worst enemies alike some stimulating food for thought.
Christian no more : a personal journey of leaving Christianity and how you can leave too
The portable atheist : essential readings for the nonbeliever
An atheist's values
When atheism becomes religion: America's new fundamentalists
Life after faith : the case for secular humanism
Philosophy & atheism : in defense of atheism
Godless : how an Evangelical preacher became one of America's leading atheists
God : the failed hypothesis : how science shows that God does not exist
The new atheism and its critics
The problem with God : why atheists, true believers, and even agnostics must all be wrong
The God debates : a 21st century guide for atheists and believers (and everyone in between)
36 arguments for the existence of God : a work of fiction
I sold my soul on eBay : viewing faith through an atheist's eyes
On heaven and Earth : Pope Francis on faith, family, and the church in the twenty-first century
"Godless communists" : atheism and society in Soviet Russia, 1917-1932
Atheism : what everyone needs to know
Why I rejected Christianity : a former apologist explains
The future of Atheism : Alister McGrath and Daniel Dennett in dialogue
I don't have enough faith to be an atheist
Does God exist? : the Craig-Flew debate
Young atheist's handbook : lessons for living a good life without God
Subjectivity and irreligion : atheism and agnosticism in Kant, Schopenhauer, and Nietzsche
The atheist's bible : an illustrious collection of irreverent thoughs
Atheists : the origin of the species
Culture and the death of God
The end of reason : a response to the new atheists
Emerging non-religious worldview prototypes : a faith Q-sort-study on Finnish group-affiliates
Imagine there's no heaven : how atheism helped create the modern world
Against religion, wars, and states : the case for enlightenment atheism, just war pacifism, and liberal-democratic anarchism
Faith and unbelief : uncertainty and atheism
Arguing for atheism : an introduction to the philosophy of religion
A history of atheism in Britain : from Hobbes to Russell
Atheism in Britain. Vol. 5, On the nature and existence of God
Atheism : a very short introduction
A history of atheism in Britain : from Hobbes to Russel
Religion without God
For God's sake : religion, atheism and why I gave them up
Henry More (1614-1687) was probably the most important English philosopher between Hobbes and Locke. Described as the 'hammer' of the Cartesians, More attacked Descartes' conception of spirit as undermining its very intelligibility. This work, which analyses an episode in the evolution of the concept of spiritual substance in early modernity, looks at More's rational theology within the context of the great seventeenth century Cartesian controversies over spirit, soul-body interaction, and divine omnipresence. This work argues that More's new, univocal spirit conception, highly influential upon Newton and Clarke, contributed unwittingly to a slow secularisation process internal to theistic culture. It thus fills a lacuna in scholarship by examining how conceptual changes in early modern metaphysics, as opposed to better researched transformations in moral philosophy, were an additional ingredient in the origins of modern speculative atheism. It also suggests that these controversies are by no means merely of historical interest but represent a resource for contemporary philosophical reflection.
Religion in the USSR : the truth and falsehood
God is not great : the case against religion
In 1239, Pope Gregory IX accused Frederick II, the Holy Roman Emperor, of heresy. The author tracks the course of the book from its origins in 1239 to its most salient episodes in the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries. He also sheds light on the persistence of free thought during a time when the outspoken risked being burned at the stake.
Spectres of false divinity : Hume's moral atheism
The hammer of the Cartesians : Henry More's philosophy of spirit and the origins of modern atheism
The book of atheist spirituality
Taking on the challenge of the New Atheism head-on, Dr. Ravi Zacharias exposes the utter bankruptcy of the worldview of atheisms newest champion, author Sam Harris. Harris claims God is just an imaginary friend in his bestselling book, Letter to a Christian Nation. The End of Reason is a powerful and passionate reply not only to those who have read the writings of Harris, but to all Christians who have had the foundations of their beliefs decimated. This book dismantles the main arguments by Harris for atheism and answers his call to denounce Christian values. The author focuses on the goodness of God, the real nature of evil, and the foundation of true morality. - Publisher.
The unknown God : responses to the new Atheism
Godless and free
What do you believe?
Atheists of what god?
The twilight of atheism : the rise and fall of disbelief in the modern world
Deepest differences : a Christian-Atheist dialogue
Provides an unflinching look into the minds of doubters, atheists and freethinkers, exposing much that is wrong with religion and posing alternatives to it that constitute various nonreligious ethical systems.
The religious significance of atheism
The case for God : what religion really means
Philosophers without Gods : meditations on atheism and the secular life
Riverside talks : a friendly dialogue between an atheist and a Christian
The young atheist's handbook : lessons for living a good life without God
The God argument : the case against religion and for humanism
Between faith and unbelief : American transcendentalists and the challenge of atheism
Why I am not a Christian : four conclusive reasons to reject the faith
This book examines the reception of the works of the baron d'Holbach throughout francophone Europe. It insists that d'Holbach's historical importance has been understated, argues the case for the existence of a significant 'Christian Enlightenment', and much more.
Naturalism and religion
Abstract.
Faith of the fatherless : the psychology of atheism
Atheism in France, 1650-1729.. Vol. 1
Atheism in Britain. Vol. 1, An answer to Mr. Clark's third defence of his letter to Mr. Dodwell; A discourse of free-thinking
The fracture of an illusion : science and the dissolution of religion : Frankfurt Templeton Lectures 2008
Religion: Beyond Religion introduces the reader to life outside of religion via the study of secularity. Composed of twenty thematic chapters, this volume begins with an overview chapter designed to familiarize the reader with common terms used in the field. The book's first section focuses on how secularity functions in society, its second section on the psychological and philosophical aspects of secularity. Throughout the volume, the chapters discuss many alternatives to religion, including atheism, agnosticism, and humanism. A broader discussion of how society is becoming more secular and why people choose to be nonreligious echoes through each chapter. Using an interdisciplinary approach, undergraduate and lay readers are given a deeper understanding of the study of religion. Chapters are written by eminent scholars, are peer reviewed, and offer bibliographies to encourage further exploration. The volume concludes with a glossary and a comprehensive index.
Life driven purpose : how an atheist finds meaning
The God of Jesus Christ
How might C.S. Lewis, the greatest Christian apologist of the twentieth century, respond to the twenty-first century 'new atheism' of Richard Dawkins, Christopher Hitchens and company? Might Lewis' own journey from atheism to Christian belief illuminate and undercut the objections of the new atheists? Christian philosopher Peter S. Williams takes us on an intellectual journey through Lewis' conversion in conversation with today's anti-theists. 'This book shows the breadth, depth, and durability of Lewis's Christian apologetics.' Michael Ward, chaplain at St Peter's College, Oxford 'Peter Williams is a bright, young British philosopher and a skilful debater with whom I had the privilege of partnering in our Cambridge Union Society debate in 2011. I recommend his work enthusiastically.' William Craig, Research Professor of Philosophy at Talbot School of Theology in La Mirada, California.
Anatheism : returning to God after God
Diagoras of melos : a contribution to the history of ancient Atheism
The new atheism : taking a stand for science and reason
Contending with Christianity's critics : answering new atheists & other objectors
Atheism in Britain. Vol. 2, Tetradymus: I. Hodegus II: Clidophorus III. Hypatia IV. Mangoneutes
Religion and the new atheism : a critical appraisal
An intelligent person's guide to atheism
Secular falls from grace : religion and (new) atheism in the implied worldview of Ian McEwan's fiction
C.S. Lewis vs the new atheists
The atheist's Bible : the most dangerous book that never existed
The Dawkins letters : challenging atheist myths
A history of Soviet atheism in theory and practice, and the believer. Vol. 2, Soviet antireligious campaigns and persecutions
A recent poll from the University of Minnesota finds that atheists are America's least trusted social group.
Critiques of God
Atheism in Britain. Vol. 3, Answer to Dr. Priestley's letters to a philosophical unbeliever
Why God won't go away : is the new atheism running on empty?
Religion under attack : getting theology right
A short history of Western atheism
Black opera
Anti-atheism in early modern England 1580-1720
The atheist's guide to Christmas
The quotable atheist : ammunition for nonbelievers, political junkies, gadflies, and those generally hell-bound
