http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12401 green chemistry
green chemistry
Handbook of green chemistry / Set 1, Green catalysis. Vol. 3, Biocatalysis / edited by Robert H. Crabtree
Methods and reagents for green chemistry : an introduction
Principles of organic synthesis
Green chemistry and engineering : a pathway to sustainability
Aqueous bromate as efficient oxidant for secondary alcohols and starch : oxidized starch and its use as Fe(III) complexing agent
Preparation and characterization of some ionic liquids and their use in the dimerization reaction of 2-methylpropene
Design for environment : a quide fo sustainable product development
Holistic and inquiry-based education for sustainable development in chemistry
Green separation processes : fundamentals and applications
Biorefineries : industrial processes and products : status quo and future directions
Biorefineries - industrial processes and products : status quo and future directions
Green chemistry : an introductory text
The archaean of the Karelia Province in Finland
Green chemistry and catalysis
Green chemistry for environmental sustainability
Radical reactions in aqueous media
"Providing guidelines for implementing sustainable practices for traditional petroleum based plastics, biobased plastics, and recycled plastics, Sustainable Plastics and the Environment explains what sustainable plastics are, why sustainable plastics are needed, which sustainable plastics to use, and how manufacturing companies can integrate them into their manufacturing operations. A vital resource for practitioners, scientists, researchers, and students, the text includes impacts of plastics including Life Cycle Assessments (LCA) and sustainability strategies related to biobased plastics and petroleum based plastics as well as end-of-life options for petroleum and biobased plastics"--
Green chemistry and engineering
Solvents and solvent effects in organic chemistry
Sustainable industrial processes
Archaean evolution of the Tipasjärvi-Kuhmo-Suomussalmi greenstone complex, Finland
Referat. - Sommario.
Biocatalysis for green chemistry and chemical process development
Design and applications of single-site heterogeneous catalysts : contributions to green chemistry, clean technology and sustainability
Environmental chemistry : fundamentals
Combination of catalyst development and chemical reaction engineering : a key aspect to improve the hydrogen peroxide direct synthesis
Handbook of green chemistry / Set 2, Green solvents. Vol. 6, Ionic liquids / edited by Peter Wasserscheid and Annegret Stark
Wilson and Wilson's comprehensive analytical chemistry. Vol. 57, Green analytical chemistry : theory & practice
Green analytical chemistry
Process intensification for green chemistry : engineering solutions for sustainable chemical processing
Fluorescence-based imaging of cellular defect in lysinuric protein intolerance (LPI)
Catalysis : concepts and green applications
Alternatives to conventional food processing
Green Chemistry : environmentally benign reactions
"A vital resource for practitioners, scientists, researchers, and students, the text includes impacts of plastics including Life Cycle Assessments (LCA) and sustainability strategies related to biobased plastics and petroleum based plastics as well as end-of-life options for petroleum and biobased plastics"--
Anaerobic digestion - making biogas, making energy : the earthscan expert guide
Sustainable plastics : environmental assessments of biobased, biodegradable, and recycled plastics
The Willstätter allomerization of chlorophylls a and b
Handbook of green chemistry / Set 1, Green catalysis. Vol. 1, Homogenous catalysis / edited by Robert H. Crabtree
Global ingredients & formulations guide 2010 : the green book of cosmetics
Handbook of green chemistry / Set 2, Green solvents. Vol. 5, Reactions in water / edited by Chao-Jun Li
Handbook of green chemistry / Set 2, Green solvents. Vol. 4, Supercritical solvents / edited by Walter Leitner and Philip G. Jessop
Green chemistry : fundamentals and applications
Fundamentals of environmental chemistry
Renewable bioresources : scope and modification for non-food applications
"This book is the first to provide a comprehensive overview of all important aspects of this modern technology with the focus on the "green aspect". The authors present everything from reactions without solvents to nanostructures for separation methods, from combinatorial chemistry on solid phase to dendrimers. The result is a ready reference packed full of valuable facts on the latest developments in the field - high-quality information otherwise widely spread throughout articles and reviews."--BOOK JACKET.
Green corrosion chemistry and engineering : opportunities and challenges
Key concepts in environmental chemistry
Green chemistry and engineering : a practical design approach
Environmental assessment of green chemicals : LCA of bio-based chemicals produced using biocatalysis
Essential oils as reagents in green chemistry
Ultrasonically enhanced disintegration : polymers, sludge, and contaminated soil
Chasing molecules : poisonous products, human health and the promise of green chemistry
Clean Technology 2010 : bioenergy, renewables, storage, grid, waste and sustainability : technical proceedings of the 2010 CTSI Clean Technology and Sustainable Industries Conference and Expo, June 21-24, 2010, Anaheim, California
Environmental science and technology : a sustainable approach to green science and technology
Alternative solvents for green chemistry
Advances in fungal biotechnology for industry, agriculture, and medicine
Sustainability in the process industry : integration and optimization
SustainChem2011 : International Conference on Materials and Technologies for Green Chemistry jointly with Worshop of COST Action CM0903 (UBIOCHEM-II) : September 5-9, 2011, Radisson Blu Hotel Olümpia, Tallinn, Estonia : abstract book and program
Handbook of green chemistry / Set 1, Green catalysis. Vol. 2, Heterogeneous catalysis /edited by Robert H. Crabtree
The role of green chemistry in biomass processing and conversion
Handbook of green chemistry. Vol. 8, Green nanoscience
The chemical element : chemistry's contribution to our global future
Environmental chemistry
