http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12453 theodicy
theodicy
Virtually no one would deny the extent and intensity of suffering in the world. Can one also consistently hold that there is an omniscient, omnipotent, perfectly good God? This book argues that the difficult questions raised by the problem of suffering can be considered best in the context of biblical narratives.
This book explores anew the theme of creation in Scripture, tradition, and contemporary theology. David Fergusson defends the classical account of creation out of nothing but pays more sustained attention than the Christian tradition typically has given to the holistic significance of the created world. Offering both doctrinal exposition and apologetic argument, Fergusson discusses creation in relation to the problem of evil and the fall, divine providence, deism, Darwinian evolution, environmental ethics, animal rights, and more, even touching on the topic of extraterrestrial intelligence.
Human and divine agency : Anglican, Catholic, and Lutheran perspectives
Contemporary classics in philosophy of religion
Job 18B is the final volume in Professor David Cline's monumental study of Job. This volume is devoted entirely to the response of the Lord from the tempest to Job and the replies of Job (Job 38-42), presenting the Lord's own explanation of his manifold purpose in creation and bringing to an unexpected conclusion Job's dramatic quest for justice.
Faith seeking understanding : an introduction to Christian theology
In this examination of the questions posed by the problem of evil, John Feinberg addresses the intellectual and theological framework of theodicy. Beginning with a discussion of the logical problem of evil, he interacts with leading thinkers who have previously written on these themes.
Theodicy and predestination in Pauline soteriology
Learning theodicy : the problem of evil and the praxis of religious education
The Divine Ethic of Creation in Leibniz
The reality of God and the problem of evil
Writing in the dust : after September 11
Aquinas and the cry of Rachel : Thomistic reflections on the problem of evil
The problem of evil and the power of God
The groaning of creation : God, evolution, and the problem of evil
Job's God
God, freedom, and evil
Philosophy of religion : the big questions
Problems of evil and the power of God
While the problem of evil remains a perennial challenge to theistic belief, little attention has been paid to the special problem of animal pain and suffering. This absence is especially conspicuous in our Darwinian era when theists are forced to confront the fact that animal pain and suffering has gone on for at least tens of millions of years, through billions of animal generations. Evil of this sort might not be especially problematic if the standard of explanations for evil employed by theists could be applied in this instance as well. But there is the central problem: all or most of the explanations for evil is cited by theists seem impotent to explain the reality of animal pain and suffering through evolutionary history. This book addresses the evil of animal pain and suffering directly, scrutinizing explanations that have been offered for such evil.
Evil and the justice of God
The affirmation that God acts in history has roots deep within the religious traditions of the West. The God depicted in biblical narrative is by no means a detached spectator, unconcerned with the course of events in the world. Rather, God engages human beings in and through their history, shaping the destinies of individuals and communities. While this way of thinking about God has profoundly shaped the theological imagination of the biblical religions, it has become a source of persistent puzzlement in modern theology. The rise of the natural sciences has demonstrated the power of understanding our world as governed by natural law, and this poses difficult questions about how God can be understood to act in a such a world. Furthermore, a compelling set of religious and ethical objections can be urged against the idea that God performs particular actions in history; the problem of evil arises here with great force. This book brings together a group of well-known philosophers and theologians for a sharply focused exchange on these crucial questions about the God who acts.
The justification of God : lectures for war time on a Christian theodicy
Amidst mass atrocity and the rubble of theology : searching for a viable theodicy
God, evil, and design : an introduction to the philosophical issues
The poetics of evil : toward an aesthetic theodicy
Descartes and Augustine
Religion and rational theology
The cosmos in the light of the cross
God's power : traditional understandings and contemporary challenges
Milton's good God : a study in literary theodicy
God and evil
Wandering in darkness : narrative and the problem of suffering
"Providence, Evil and the Openness of God is a timely exploration of the philosophical implications of the rapidly growing theological movement known as open theism, or the "openness of God." William Hasker, one of the philosophers prominently associated with this movement, presents the strengths of this position in comparison with its main competitors: Calvinism, process theism and the theory of divine middle knowledge, or Molinism." "In this collection of essays, the author develops alternative approaches to the problem of evil and to the problem of divine action in the world. In particular, he argues that believers should not maintain the view that each and every evil that occurs is permitted by God as a means to a "greater good." He contends that open theism makes possible an emphasis on the personalism of divine-human interaction in a way that traditional views, with their heavy emphasis on divine control, cannot easily match. The book concludes with a section of replies to critics, in which many of the objections leveled against open theism are addressed." "Providence, Evil and the Openness of God will be essential reading for advanced students and academics in the fields of Philosophy, Philosophy of Religion and Theology."--BOOK JACKET.
The evidential argument from evil
Can God be trusted? : faith and the challenge of evil
Metaphysik = Metaphysics
What shall we say? : evil, suffering, and the crisis of faith
Capitalizing religion : ideology and the opiate of the bourgeoisie
The problem of evil and the problem of God
Theology and the problem of evil
Philosophy of religion : an anthology
The God who acts : philosophical and theological explorations
God and the origin of the evil : a contextual analysis of alleged monistic evidence in the Old Testament
Encountering evil : live options in theodicy
Cult and character : purification offerings, Day of Atonement, and theodicy
The suffering of God according to Martin Luther's 'Theologia crucis'
Cosmology : from alpha to omega : the creative mutual interaction of theology and science
Physics and cosmology : scientific perspectives on the problem of natural evil
Christian faith and the problem of evil
A theodicy of hell
Providence and evil
The problem of evil and the power of God : on the coherence and authenticity of some Christian theodicies with different understandings of God's power
The problem of evil : a reader
The problem of evil : the Gifford lectures delivered in the University of St. Andrews in 2003
Evil, freedom and the road to perfection in Clement of Alexandria
Confessio philosophi : papers concerning the problem of evil, 1671-1678
Antitheodicy, atheodicy and Jewish mysticism in Holocaust theology : atheodic theologies after Auschwitz
It is hubris to claim answers to unanswerable questions. Such questions, however--as part of their burden and worth--must still be asked, investigated, and contemplated. How there can be a loving, all-powerful God and a world stymied by suffering and evil is one of the unanswerable questions we must all struggle to answer, even as our responses are closer to gasps, silences, and further questions. More importantly, how and whether one articulates a response will have deep, lasting repercussions for any belief in God and in our judgments upon one another. Throughout this wide-ranging, interdisciplinary work, Peter Admirand draws upon his extensive research and background in theology and testimonial literature, trauma and genocide studies, cultural studies, philosophy of religion, interreligious studies, and systematic theology. As David Burrell writes in the Foreword: ". . .[T]he work's intricate structure, organization, and development will lead us to appreciate that the best one can settle for is a fractured faith built on a fractured theodicy, expressed in a language explicitly fragmented, pluralist, and broken."
Evil : different kinds of evil in the light of a modern theodicy
Evil and the evidence for God : the challenge of John Hick's theodicy
Evil and Christian ethics
God, the best, and evil
The best of all possible worlds : a story of philosophers, God, and evil in the age of reason
Evil today and struggles to be human
Introducing philosophy of religion
"Talk of 'spirituality' and 'individual religion' is proliferating both in popular discourse and scholarly works. Increasingly people claim to be 'spiritual but not religious,' or to prefer 'individual religion' to 'organized religion.' Scholars have for decades noted the phenomenon - primarily within the middle class - of individuals picking and choosing elements from among various religious traditions, forming their own religion or spirituality for themselves. While the topics of 'spirituality' and 'individual religion' are regularly treated as self-evident by the media and even some scholars of religion, Capitalizing Religion provides one of the first critical analyses of the phenomenon, arguing that these recent forms of spirituality are in many cases linked to capitalist ideology and consumer practices. Examining cases such as Eckhart Tolle's The Power of Now, and Karen Berg's God Wears Lipstick, Craig Martin ultimately argues that so-called 'individual religion' is a religion of the status quo or, more critically, 'an opiate of the bourgeoisie.' Capitalizing Religion: Ideology and Opiate of the Bourgeoisie is a landmark publication in critical religious studies"--
Providence, evil and the openness of God
Creation
Naming the silences : God, medicine, and the problem of suffering
Theodicy in the world of the Bible
The pillar and ground of the truth
The problem of pain
Defending God : biblical responses to the problem of evil
Transcendental anti-theodicy
Evil and the Augustinian tradition
William L. Rowe on philosophy of religion : selected writings
The triumph of God over evil : theodicy for a world of suffering
The transforming God : an interpretation of suffering and evil
Nature red in tooth and claw : theism and the problem of animal suffering
Raging with compassion : pastoral responses to the problem of evil
Journey back to God : Origen on the problem of evil
Metaphysics and God : essays in honor of Eleonore Stump
Dialogue on good, evil, and the existence of God
God and the problem of evil
Dietrich Bonhoeffer and Simone Weil : a study in Christian responsiveness
Eight prominent philosophers and theologians confront the problems posed by natural and human evil for theistic belief. Each thinker sets out his or her theodicy and its connections to current social and philosophical debates. The other contributors then offer critiques of each theodicy, to which its author subsequently responds. The result is a valuable introduction to philosophical and theological perspectives on contemporary evil and to the nature of discourse in the philosophy of religion.
Ancestral fault in ancient Greece
The suffering human being
The many faces of evil : theological systems and the problems of evil
Human and divine : an introduction to the philosophy of religious experience
