http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1246 higher education (teaching)
higher education (teaching)
Learning for a sustainable future : innovative solution from the Baltic Sea region
The second language acquisition (SLA) track
World trends in education for sustainable development
Jyväskylän yliopiston vuosi 2015 = University of Jyväskylä 2015
International higher education : an encyclopedia. Vol. 2
Change and challenge in library and information science education
Keeping foreign students interested in HAMK after the introduction of new tuition fees.
The end of knowledge in higher education
The rise of blended learning - students’ perspectives
A university for the 21st century
International Meeting 2009 : Ideal platform for networking and project planning.
External influences on the curriculum
Use of music in English classrooms in lower and upper secondary schools and at university of applied sciences : a comparative study on teachers' perceptions and practices
Papers from the 26th Communication Skills Workshop : Identity Explored: Language Centre, Language Professional, Language Teacher, Language Learner
Teaching and learning in higher education
The teaching portfolio : a practical guide to improved performance and promotion/tenure decisions
Teaching at its best : a research-based resource for college instructors
Small group teaching : tutorials, seminars and beyond
Being good at teaching : exploring different ways of handling the same subject in higher education
Qualitative Inquiry in Higher Education Organization and Policy Research provides readers with the theoretical foundations and innovative perspectives for undertaking qualitative research to influence policy and practice discussions. Well-known chapter authors discuss innovative strategies for investigating complex problems, helping readers understand how research can consider the culture of the institution, administrative hierarchy, students, faculty, and external constituencies. From both an organizational and policy perspective, chapter pairings explore a range of methodologies, including ethnography, case study, critical qualitative inquiry, and the notion of "grit". This volume explores how qualitative inquiry can advance understanding of organizational inequities in higher education, and it offers graduate students and educational researchers the tools to improve the organizational function of institutions while contributing to meaningful change.
Learning languages for professions : a development project in tertiary-level language  instruction in Finland, 2005-2006
Rethinking engineering education : the CDIO approach
Effective teaching in higher education
The New Order: Improving the Internationality in the International Business Degree Programme. Case Savonia University of Applied Sciences
Towards better academic research-based education in family business : a cross-national comparison of advanced teaching and learning practices
Promoting active learning : strategies for the college classroom
Qualitative inquiry in higher education organization and policy research
The agro-economic education at St Cyril and Methodius University in the Republic of Macedonia : a comparative study of the agro-economic university education in Macedonia, Sweden, Norway and Greece
PBL in context : bridging work and education
External impact of the University of Turku : self-evaluation report
International higher education : an encyclopedia
Cohehre conference in Oulu, Finland 19.-21.5.2010 Oulu University of Applied Sciences : Innovations in education
Teaching basic skills in college
Teacher educators' professional development and it's support at university
This volume considers the future of science learning - what is being learned and how it is being learned - in formal and informal contexts for science education. To do this, the book explores major contemporary shifts in the forms of science that could or should be learned in the next 20 years, what forms of learning of that science should occur, and how that learning happens, including from the perspective of learners. In particular, this volume addresses shifts in the forms of science that are researched and taught post-school - emerging sciences, new sciences that are new integrations, "futures science", and increases in the complexity and multidisciplinarity of science, including a multidisciplinarity that embraces ways of knowing beyond science. A central aspect of this in terms of the future of learning science is the urgent need to engage students, including their non-cognitive, affective dimensions, both for an educated citizenry and for a productive response to the ubiquitous concerns about future demand for science-based professionals. Another central issue is the actual impact of ICT on science learning and teaching, including shifts in how students use mobile technology to learn science.
Hard Skills or Soft Skills? : Findings about Importance of Various Skills in Work
A docent - what is that?
Legal informatics today - the view from the University of Lapland
Problem-based and conventional medical education from a student perspective : a qualitative analysis comparing students' experience of medical education, approach to learning and reading comprehension
Student and Teacher Perceptions on Learning Languages through  Web Conferencing : Focus on Adobe Connect Breakout Rooms
Quality assurance for university teaching
The internationalization of the academy : changes, realities and prospects
The current themes of Indian higher education
Annotated bibliography of statistical sources relating to higher education in Europe
In search for the conceptual origin of university students' community in a confluence of on- and offline learning environments / ethnographies in technology-rich, multi-sited fields of study
Currently e-learning is considered an essential part of the everyday learning processes for both teachers and students in higher education. However, the learning results of e-learning are under debate and there is a growing critique on the efficiency and actual results of e-learning. In this paper we present our on-going work for exploring higher education students and teachers recent perceptions of their e-learning experiences, the usage of e-learning technologies and developing the learning process. Two surveys were conducted in order to investigate and compare the perceived advantages, challenges and needs for support among the students and teachers in higher education.  According to the results the perceived advantages of e-learning for both teachers and students were fairly similar. Flexibility in use of time and place were found as the most important benefit of e-learning. Some teachers conceived that e-learning was more activating than traditional learning in terms of increasing presence and participation. However, the results indicate that some of the students were not convinced about the activating advantages of e-learning.   The main challenges in e-learning for both students and teachers dealt with technical issues, (i.e. non-functioning data connections and software) and teacher-student interaction. Both students and teachers also experienced problems in directing the learning situation (e.g. finding/raising motivation, taking possible learning hindrances into account). Teachers also highlighted the students¿ lack of commitment as a challenge in e-learning.  Based on the studies we suggest that in order to ensure the high-quality learning results in e-learning continuous and relevant training and peer support for educators and students are needed. Additionally it is important to enhance the user experience and the content and materials of the courses should be designed carefully. We also suggest that in e-learning the interaction between teachers and peer students should be improved.
Assessment in higher education
Comparison of Russian and Finnish educational systems at university level.  : Education in the field of HVAC.
On higher education : selected writings, 1956-2006
Inter-university student selection for English 1974 : a joint entrance test project of the universities of Joensuu, Jyväskylä and Turku
The Claremont Mathematics Clinics : hands-on approach to applied mathematics education
International journal of institutional management in higher education
International faculty in higher education : comparative perspectives on recruitment, integration and impact
University science and mathematics education in transition
Higher education and manpower planning : a comparative study of planned and market economies
Interprofessional and international learning experiences in social and health care higher education in Lahti University of Applied Sciences
Exploring the experiences and conceptions of good teaching in higher education : development of a questionnaire for assessing students' approaches to learning and experiences of the teaching-learning environment
University education
America now : short readings from recent periodicals
Collaborative learning : higher education, interdependence, and the authority of knowledge
The health and wellbeing problems of the families with children have become more complex today. Improving preventive services and facilitating an early intervention in health and wellbeing problems of the families are the main challenges. A better interprofessional collaboration (IPC) of the professionals is needed to maintain the well-being level of the families high. These are skills to be learned during undergraduate education. An interprofessional pair training (IPT) for maternity and child health clinics was implemented in collaboration with primary health care centre and two universities of Oulu to develop an interprofessional education (IPE) model for undergraduate level students. Fifth year medical students (n = 101) and fourth year public health nurses (n = 31) and teachers participated in the training program during 2010-2012. The study aimed at investigating students' attitudes and readiness for interprofessional learning (IPL), at strengthening their professional skills and at gathering clients' experiences. The interprofessional student pairs met with the client visits independently. One pair contacted three clients during the day. They examined and observed the examination of the other pair. The feedback was collected from the students and the clients. Students' attitudes and readiness for IPL were assessed using RIPLS (Readiness for interprofessional learning scale). Both medical and nurse students attached great importance to teamwork and collaboration. Nurse students appreciated the learning of roles and responsibilities more important in comparison to the medical students. A tendency for stronger professional identity among medical student was noted. The clients' expectations were fulfilled. The training periods gave valuable experience to develop IP pair training for collaborative practices in primary health care and undergraduate health care education. The study results are important for curriculum development as well.
Experiential learning in the internationalization of higher education : acase study of an institution's global engagement and its connection with the surrounding
The sciences : an integrated approach
Higher education research in Finland : emerging structures and contemporary issues
Using active learning in college classes : a range of options for faculty
The changing face of college teaching
Exploring Finnish university students' perceived level of critical thinking
The department chairperson's role in enhancing college teaching
Sustainable feedback in higher education : relation between and changeability of self-efficacy, goal orientation, and learning behavior
Keeping the promise: achieving and maintaining quality in undergraduate education
There is no single idea of the university. Ever since its medieval origin, the concept of the university has continued to change. The metaphysical university gave way successively to the scientific university, and then to the corporate and the entrepreneurial university. But what might lie ahead? Being a University charts and critiques this conceptual development and examines the future possibilities for the idea of the university. Ronald Barnett pursues this quest through an exploration of pairs of contending concepts that speak to the idea of the university - such as space and time; being and becoming; and culture and anarchy. On this foundation is developed an imaginative exposition of possible ideas of the university, including the liquid university and the authentic university.
Nature and adventure as a learning method enabling  students' growth towards compassionate professionals
Social media in collaborative learning in higher education :  a qualitative case study of teachers’ and students’ views
The typical dilemma between university expansion and rationalization : Belgium (and Finland) since the 1960s
The knowledge factory : dismantling the corporate university and creating true higher learning
Benchmarking innovative curricula design process over continents
Higher education in the world : higher education: new challenges and emerging roles for human and social development. 3.
Developing effective educational experiences through learning analytics
Benchmarking learning and teaching : international case study from the Oulu University of Applied Sciences and the Fontys University of Applied Sciences
This article summarises a study of the purposefulness, structure and amount of external learning networks formed during an interdisciplinary higher education programme based on a LAB studio model. The LAB studio model is a learning model, which develops connections between working-life based problems and the recognition and development of the related business prototypes and startups. The LAB studio model is theoretically grounded in a constructivist view of learning with a project-based education at its core and has a key goal of educating entrepreneurship competences. The data for the study was collected through semi-structured interviews with six student teams (N=35) during May 2015. The data analysis took place through mixed methods, which as a method focuses on collecting, analysing, and mixing both quantitative and qualitative data. Findings show that the LAB studio model challenges and enables students to develop new learning networks external to the traditional university environment. New learning networks are created due to the demanding problem -solving process used in the teaching activities. Overall, the education programme broke down barriers between the education environment and external business environment through the establishment of learning networks. In conclusion, the learning networks formed during the education programme were wide-ranging, and the role of students was active and self-directive. Furthermore, we suggest that social capital was increased during the educational process.
The crisis in the university
Effects of university education on the conception of reality : paper to be presented at the fourth International Conference on Improving University Teaching, July 26-29, 1978, Aachen, F.R. Germany
Consonance and dissonance in descriptions of teaching of university teachers
Advancing quality cultures for teacher education in Europe : tensions and opportunities
Rethinking assessment in higher education : learning for the longer term
Institutional models of higher education
History and Hungarian studies at the University of Jyväskylä
Documenting learning with ePortfolios
Practicals and laboratory work in geography
Comparison of strategies, methods and content in forestry education : An international comparative study
Foundations of problem-based learning
Rethinking nordic cooperation in higher education : internationalization of higher education institutions in Northern Europe in light of Bologna
Fresh approaches to the evaluation of teaching
Create a more effective system for evaluating online faculty Evaluating Online Teaching is the first comprehensive book to outline strategies for effectively measuring the quality of online teaching, providing the tools and guidance that faculty members and administrators need. The authors address challenges that colleges and universities face in creating effective online teacher evaluations, including organizational structure, institutional governance, faculty and administrator attitudes, and possible budget constraints. Through the integration of case studies and theory, the text provides practical solutions geared to address challenges and foster effective, efficient evaluations of online teaching. Readers gain access to rubrics, forms, and worksheets that they can customize to fit the needs of their unique institutions. Evaluation methods designed for face-to-face classrooms, from student surveys to administrative observations, are often applied to the online teaching environment, leaving reviewers and instructors with an ill-fitted and incomplete analysis. Evaluating Online Teaching shows how strategies for evaluating online teaching differ from those used in traditional classrooms and vary as a function of the nature, purpose, and focus of the evaluation. This book guides faculty members and administrators in crafting an evaluation process specifically suited to online teaching and learning, for more accurate feedback and better results. Readers will: Learn how to evaluate online teaching performance Examine best practices for student ratings of online teaching. Discover methods and tools for gathering informal feedback Understand the online teaching evaluation life cycle The book concludes with an examination of strategies for fostering change across campus, as well as structures for creating a climate of assessment that includes online teaching as a component. Evaluating Online Teaching helps institutions rethink the evaluation process for online teaching, with the end goal of improving teaching and learning, student success, and institutional results.
"Mä nautin siitä vapaudesta mikä meillä on" : language teaching in universities of applied sciences
The future of higher education : how emerging technologies will change education forever
In this book the author, a former Secretary of Education explores the answer to a critical question: Should we keep sending our kids to college? The American system of higher education comprises some of the best universities, teachers, and students the world has ever seen. Millions of students around the globe want nothing more in their life than to attend an American university. However, many of America's colleges and universities today have serious academic, institutional, and other performance problems, and it is quickly approaching a crisis point, if it is not there already. Despite some excellent colleges and quality programs at many colleges, too much of higher education is wildly expensive. Students often graduate having learned little, or do not graduate at all. They are subjected to all types of non-academic distractions. For these reasons, many students would be better served exploring other educational alternatives. Here the authors assess the problems of American higher education at various levels, from runaway costs to inferior academics to poor graduation rates to political indoctrination, and propose serious reforms and alternative methods for improving higher education so that it better serves students.
A group of Finnish teachers and students visited Fontys University of Applied Sciences in the Netherlands. The aim of the visit was to benchmark learning and teaching, quality assurance and curricula development in the degree programmes. The project was successful, and both universities will develop their actions according to the results. The benchmarking project was funded by the Finnish Higher Education Evaluation Council.    The article discusses of the implementation of the international benchmarking project and the results gained in comparing learning and teaching. Benchmarking worksheet proved to be a useful tool for comparing activities. The project created multi-disciplinary cooperation, mainly because there were both teachers, students and the members of the support staff participating to the project. Student involvement was crucial to the success of the project.
Intercultural and Interprofessional Environment in the Social and Health Care Higher Education at Lahti University of Applied Sciences
Flexible higher education : international pioneers reflect
Mine Your Own Business : Improving English Language Skills for Mining Engineering Education at Lapland UAS
Effective practices for improving teaching
Academic and educational development : research, evaluation and changing pratice in higher education
The quality of students' learning experiences is a critical concern for all higher education institutions. With the assistance of modern technological advances, educational establishments have the capability to better understand the strengths and weaknesses of their learning programs. Developing Effective Educational Experiences through Learning Analytics is a pivotal reference source that focuses on the adoption of data mining and analysis techniques in academic institutions, examining how this collected information is utilized to improve the outcome of student learning. Highlighting the relevance of data analytics to current educational practices, this book is ideally designed for researchers, practitioners, and professionals actively involved in higher education settings.
A picture of radiography education across Europe
Educational Studies Collaboratively via Distance and Contact learning
The discourse track
Promoting inquiry in undergraduate learning
Open source as a pedagogical tool in higher education
The Future in Learning Science 2015 : what's in it for the learner
University teaching staff as learners of the pedagogical use of ICT
This collection explores how universities are coping with the range of reforms and changes taking place across higher education today. Analyzing areas such as leadership, quality management, strategic thinking, collegiality and academic work, and from the perspective of different agents within higher education including students, academics and management, this book examines the various differences between reform attempts and the actual changes happening in universities.
Challenges in enhancing a student-centred approach to teaching
Undergraduate education : goals and means
New teaching, new learning
Koulutuksen laatupalaute FUAS-ammattikorkeakouluissa = Quality feedback on education at FUAS institutions
Transformative Teaching and Learning by Developing
Handbook for information literacy teaching
Improving teaching in higher education
'In search of assessment feedback' : student view on the Finnish and British higher education
The teaching portfolio : a practical guide to improved performance and promotion / tenure decisions
Internationalization and diversity in higher education : implications for teaching, learning and assessment
How to train good teachers in Finnish universities? : student teachers' study process and teacher educators' role in it / Satu Uusiautti and Kaarina Määttä
Yliopistopedagogiikka = Journal of university pedagogy
Peer teaching : to teach is to learn twice
A handbook for teachers in universities & colleges : a guide to improving teaching methods
Changing college classrooms : new teaching and learning strategies for an increasingly complex world
Open to question : the art of teaching and learning by inquiry
E-portfolios perform many functions in higher education at both an institutional and student level. This book offers online instructors guidance in creating and implementing e-portfolios with their students. It helps them assess the needs of their students then design and implement a strategic, comprehensive e-portfolio program tailored to these needs. Further, it lets instructors see how such programs can be used as an example of their own personal and professional academic development. This is an essential resource for any online instructor or student wishing to use e-portfolios as a tool.
Higher education in Vietnam : change and response
Teaching to promote intellectual and personal maturity : incorporating students' worldviews and identities into the learning process
After having been teaching online using Adobe Connect web conferencing system since 2008, it was  time to stop and reflect upon its advantages and disadvantages. The purpose of this research paper is  to study the possibilities and challenges of online language teaching by focusing on the breakout room  feature of the Adobe Connect system. The aim is to investigate how the function supports or  challenges language learning from the students' and the teacher's viewpoint. In addition, the purpose  is to compare to what extent their experiences coincide. In this study the data consists of my own  observations as a language teacher using Adobe Connect breakout rooms. The data on students'  experiences was collected by conducting a survey in the virtual learning environment Optima. The equestionnaire  was replied by 29 students of business and business information systems using the  blended learning method at Oulu University of Applied Sciences. The students were inquired about  how well the breakout function serves language learning purposes in general and on the specific  lesson when the survey was carried out. Moreover, some technical background information was  collected on the hardware and software used. The survey and the teacher's observations indicated  that the breakout function succeeds in supporting the interactive nature of language learning. Most of  the challenges discovered were related to technology
Innovative, solutions in international education : MultiPro - 10 years of experiences from international multiprofessional studies
Conference proceedings : assessing language and (inter) cultural competences in higher education = Evaluation des compétences langagières et (inter) culturelles dans l'enseignement supérieur
Smart technology in smart use : UAS Master symposium IV : proceedings
Education for world citizenship : preparing students to be agents of social change
The use of closed circuit television in higher education (humanities) : report of the European seminar held in Padua, Italy, in September 1968
Collaborative learning in maternity and child health clinics
Challenges of information technology education in the 21st century
Changes in Finnish nursing students' learning approaches between the mid-1990s and the mid-2000s
Purpose    To establish an understanding of radiography education across Europe by surveying higher education institutions registered as affiliate members of the European Federation of Radiography Societies (EFRS).    Method    An online survey was developed to ascertain data on: curricula, duration, credit load, accreditation requirements, staff qualifications, staff and student exchange opportunities, and availability of postgraduate programmes. Responses were identifiable in terms of educational institution and country. All 46 affiliated educational institutions were invited to participate in the survey. Descriptive and thematic analyses are reported.    Results    A response rate of 89.1% (n = 41) was achieved from educational institutions representing 21 countries. The majority of institutions (63.4%) offer a combined Medical Imaging, Radiotherapy and Nuclear Medicine programme; dedicated Medical Imaging programmes are offered by 14 institutions (34.2%); dedicated Radiotherapy programme by one institution (2.4%), and a dedicated Nuclear Medicine programme by only three institutions (6.5%). The Bologna (Bachelor) cycle has been adopted by 90.2% of responding institutions. The majority of institutions (53.7%) indicated programmes of 3 years in duration, others stated 3.5–4 years. Only 14.6% of institutions require 'International Level' accreditation for the Bachelors radiography programme. Postgraduate programmes were not offered by 26.8% of institutions and a deficit in Doctoral status for radiography educators was identified.    Conclusions    The Bologna (Bachelor) cycle for radiography education has been adopted across the majority of institutions, however, full alignment remains a priority. Postgraduate radiography education opportunities across Europe appear to be insufficient and further investigation of radiography accreditation processes is justified to ensure harmonisation of practice.
Innovation and adaptation in higher education : the changing conditions of advanced teaching and learning in Europe
Action learning and action research : improving the quality of teaching and learning
Final report on the evaluation of the faculty of medicine : evaluation of the quality of education and the degree programmes of the University of Helsinki
Case studies : higher education in Turkey: institutional autonomy and responsibility in a modernising society : policy recommendations in a historical perspective
Changing the narratives of university history
Globalization and transnational academic mobility : the experiences of chinese academic returnees
During the recent years blended learning has become more common strategy in higher education. In Oulu University of Applied Sciences School of Business and Information Management blended learning was developed in a project where about 20 teachers from two degree programs developed courses from the point of view of individual, blended and online learning. A focus group interview was organised with voluntary students in order to get insights to student's experiences.     Students wish that they would have activities and feedback along the course - not big assignments or exam at the end of the course. Blended learning should be tied to real life cases which are connected to theories. Two-way interaction plays a critical role when blended learning is used in order to avoid the isolation of students. Learning Cafe type of assignments, where talented students' expertise could be used in coaching, received excellent feedback because of the better interaction.
LAB studio model : developing external networks for learning entrepreneurship in higher education
Educational innovation in Kazakhstan : the case of Bolashak Finland
The literature track
Charting Teachers' Perspective on Utilizing Distance Learning in Higher Education
Innovative entrepreneurship education in the Nordic-Russian context : project report
Training of students ́scientific reasoning skills
Studying vapaa säestys through English in a CLIL teaching experiment : content and language learning experiences of JAMK music students
Responsibilities of colleges and universities
Designing and implementing a CSCL-based course on data security of a wireless learning environment
Integrating practice-based experiences into higher education
Praise for The Teaching Portfolio. "This new edition of a classic text has added invaluable, immediately useful material. It's a must-read for faculty, department chairs, and academic administrators."Irene W.D. Hecht, director, Department Leadership Programs, American Council on Education. "This book offers a wealth of wisdom and materials. It contains essential knowledge, salient advice, and an immediately useful model for faculty engaged in promotion or tenure."Raymond L. Calabrese, professor of educational administration, The Ohio State University. "The Teaching.
Promoting Intercultural Management for Working Life in the Baltic Sea Region : A Five-Year Project. Thoughts, Experiences and Impact
The collegial tradition in the age of mass higher education
Toward an ethic of higher education
The university teaching of social sciences : demography
Economic aspects of higher education
Change from a semester to a trimester system at the De La Salle University, Philippines
Managing reform in universities : the dynamics of culture, identity and organizational change
Studies in comparative and international education. Vol. 1, A service university in Scandinavia?
Teaching and learning of electric and magnetic fields at the university level
University of Agriculture in Nitra : Holder of the Order of Labour : basic information on the development, organization, purpose and activities of the university
Evaluating online teaching : implementing best practices
New teaching methods
Morality, responsibility, and the university : studies in academic ethics
Rethinking the curriculum : toward an integrated, interdisciplinary college education
Virtual courses on sustainable development in Baltic universities : considerations and recommendations for action
Towards pedagogical content knowledge in logistics
International journal of construction education and research
Multiple benefits but almost as many obstacles : teachers and students' perceptions of the integration English and vocational studies in University of Applied Sciences
Market Research to Develop the Promotional Activities of Savonia UAS in the Russian Market
Rationalization of the university and the social science
With Brains, Hands and Heart : 20 Years of Physiotherapy Education in English in SAMK
Transferable skills and work-based learning in geography
Maximizing the one-shot : connecting library instruction with the curriculum
Comparison of higher education student and teacher perceptions of e-learning
Being a university
Environmental issues in business education curricula at Finnish Universities of Applied Sciences : towards a postmodern curriculum?
"So much more  than just a web course"
Nursing and caring sciences : evaluation report
Degrees of difference : higher education in the 1990s
Guidelines for entrepreneurship training in rural areas
Globalization of Higher Education  : internationalization approaches practiced in universities
E-learning activities are likely to grow significantly and the area has potential to generate more possibilities for both teachers and students especially in higher education. It creates alternative ways to partake, tutor and utilize new learning environment. In this paper we present our on-going work on exploring current usage and attitudes towards using eLearning technologies in teaching. The aim was to investigate advantages, challenges and needs for support among teachers in higher education. In our case, focus was to concentrate on distance learning more than e-learning in general.  The results show that the perceived advantages of distance learning were dominated by independence concerning of time, place, flexibility and individual options. Distance learning was seen flexible and enhancing of students' freedom of their own studies. More surprisingly distance learning was perceived more activating than traditional learning increasing presence, participation and both communal and individual learning. In addition the results revealed that there is emerging need for building deeper understanding of challenges faced by teachers utilizing distance learning. It is important to take into account that continuous and relevant training, peer support for educators are key factors in order to increase usage of eLearning methods. It requires also more straightforward tools and services to support learning gains and enhance usage of distance learning in higher education.
Is college worth it? : a former United States Secretary of Education and a liberal arts graduate expose the broken promise of higher education
WebALT 2006 Proceedings : first WebALT conference and exhibition : January 5-6, 2006 Technical University of Eindhoven, Netherlands
Getting a job requires many things: hard skills, soft skills, the right attitude and motivation. To develop the degree programme in Business Information Systems in Oulu university of Applied Sciences (Oulu UAS), three surveys were conducted, to study importance of skills and knowledge in professional life: a graduate career survey in 2013, an employer survey in 2014, and a student survey in 2015. According to the results, readiness for change, learning skills and basic ICT skills seem to be the most important skills. To succeed at work, an adequate basis of hard skills, soft interpersonal and communication skills are needed. Also problem solving and pressure endurance seem to be very important.
Hard skills or soft skills? Findings about importance of various skills in work
Entrepreneurship Education in Studio Based Learning Practices
Teaching in the information age : the role of educational technology
The development of performance indicators in higher education : a compendium for twelve countries
Doing what we teach : promoting digital literacies for professional development through personal learning environments and participation
Report of the Committee on University Teaching Methods
Understanding student's understanding : some qualitative aspects of the process and outcome of teaching and learning at university level : paper presented at the 3rd EARDHE-congress, January 2-6, 1979, Klagenfurt, Austria
Scholarship revisited : perspectives on the scholarship of teaching
A handbook for teaching and learning in higher education : enhancing academic practice
Education for sustainable development at TAMK : a look at four degree programmes
First degree : the undergraduate curriculum
In Finland, the Pedagogical Studies for Vocational Teachers include 10 credits of studies in education. Half of our  students complete them in connection with the pedagogical studies for teachers. The training consisting of distance  education has been traditionally bought from the University. Some of the students have felt that studying education  according to the university requirements has been hard for them. They would like a more practical approach to  educational studies. Our students also come from a large area in northern Finland. Therefore, an opportunity for  distance education is important for them. Tutoring has an important role in this implementation. To respond to these  challenges, we have designed a more practical implementation of the educational studies, in which the students only  have two face-to-face days. The new implementation was piloted in the autumn term 2012. The pilot succeeded very  well. Students liked to study and learnt a lot about the different areas of education. The study was continued in the  Spring 2014. Students of Education (19 )made the same pre and post-surveys like in the Pilot. Research results were  quite similar than in Pilot study.
A manual for internal quality assurance in higher education : with a special focus on professional higher education
Small-group teaching in geography
Aural perspectives : on musical learning and practice in higher music education
Towards excellence in teaching : evaluation of the quality of education and the degree programmes in the University of Helsinki
Higher education in Romania
The need for entrepreneurial mindset, skills and creativity in the future work-life will require the renewal of  pedagogical methods used. The studio based learning is one of the promising pedagogical methods enabling this change.  The LAB studio model, pre-incubator style studio education in Oulu University of Applied Sciences in Finland, develops  connections between work-life based problems and the recognition and development of the related business prototypes  and start-up companies. Projects, based on the given problems are medium for educating self-aware future professionals,  who will gain skills and attitude to work in interdisciplinary teams with entrepreneurial mindset. This article is a study by a  literature review of the recent higher education practices utilising studio model as pedagogical method in variety of  disciplines. The study will identify the common elements of entrepreneurship education and studio model practices  described in the literature. The findings of the study indicate that entrepreneurship as a concept is not sufficiently addressed  in the studio model literature; several similarities in the pedagogical principles between the LAB studio model and other  studio models; and that LAB studio model has several unique practices compared to other studio model educations.
Lahti UAS ICT Projects 2015
Quality by theory and practice of higher education : proceedings from the First European Conference on the first year experience in higher education
Successful use of teaching portfolios
BCBU+ handbook : a guide to establish virtual cross-border campus for BCBU network
Service-learning in higher education : critical issues and directions
Question structures in the multicultural university education : a case study of the Tolerance Education Course
Stressful, important and rewarding : How higher education students experience learning in different environments
Evaluation of media and communication studies in higher education in Finland
The rise of blended learning : students' perspectives
Assessment and development of the Degree Programme in Tourism in Tampere University of Applied Sciences
Love and forgiveness in the global community : designing Master's Degree in Global Health Care - Master of Health Care
