http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12440 publicity of documents
publicity of documents
The accessibility law in journalists' work
The legal implications of disclosure in the public interest : an analysis of prohibitions and protections with particular reference to employers and employees
We steal secrets : the story of Wikileaks
Litigation under the federal open government laws 2004 : covering the Freedom of Information Act, the Privacy Act, the Government in the Sunshine Act, and the Federal Advisory Committee Act
Access to information in the European Union : a comparative analysis of EC and member state legislation
Political pressure and the archival record
The federal information manual : how the government collects, manages, and discloses information under FOIA and other statutes
True to the letter : 800 years of remarkable correspondence, documents and autographs
Wikileaks : inside Julian Assange's war on secrecy
Access to documents in the European Union before and after the Treaty of Amsterdam
Confidentiality of data and chemicals control
Public government for private people : the report of the Commission on Freedom of Information and Individual Privacy
Access to file as an element of the rights of defence in competition proceedings
Right of access to documents: new Finnish legislation
Media law in Denmark
Council annual report on access to documents ..
Public access to government-held information : a comparative symposium
Access to Commission documents : Users' guide
Accessing European Parliament documentation
Media Law in Finland
Rapport finlandais
Throughout Canada, provincial, federal, and municipal archives exist to house the records we produce. Some conceive of these institutions as old and staid, suggesting that archives are somehow trapped in the past. But archives are more than resources for professional scholars and interested individuals. With an increasing emphasis on transparency in government and public institutions, archives have become essential tools for accountability. Better Off Forgetting? offers a reappraisal of archives and a look at the challenges they face in a time when issues of freedom of information, privacy, technology, and digitization are increasingly important. The contributors argue that archives are essential to contemporary debates about public policy and make a case for more status, funding, and influence within public bureaucracies. While stimulating debate about our rapidly changing information environment, Better Off Forgetting? focuses on the continuing role of archives in gathering and preserving our collective memory.
Information rights : law and practice
Transparency  : an everlasting challenge for the European Union
Keeping America uninformed : government secrecy in the 1980's. Donna A. Demac
Episima praktika tis diaskepsis : 10i diaskepsi epitropon Evropa'i'kon upotheseon, Athina, 9-10 ma'i'u 1994 = Rapport relatif aux activités de la conférence : Xème conferénce des organes spécialisés en affaires communautaires, Athènes, 9-10 mai 1994 = [Report] on the activities of the Conference : 10th Conference of European Affairs Committees, Athens, May 9-10 1994.
Access to official documents and archives : report from an EU-Conference on access to official documents and archives in Lund, Sweden, 5-6 April 2001
Inside Wikileaks : my time with Julian Assange at the world's most dangerous website
Openness and transparency in the EU institutions : Seminar on Openness and Transparency in the European Institutions, 22 November 1995, Brussels
Openness and access to information in Finland
Julian Assange : the unauthorised autobiography
Full disclosure : the perils and promise of transparency
WikiLeaks is the most challenging journalistic phenomenon to have emerged in the digital era. It has provoked anger and enthusiasm in equal measure, from across the political and journalistic spectrum. WikiLeaks poses a series of questions to the status quo in politics, journalism and to the ways we understand political communication. It has compromised the foreign policy operations of the most powerful state in the world, broken stories comparable to great historic scoops like the Pentagon Papers, and caused the mighty international news organizations to collaborate with this tiny editorial outfit. Yet it may also be on the verge of extinction. This is the first book to examine WikiLeaks fully and critically and its place in the contemporary news environment. The authors combine inside knowledge with the latest media research and analysis to argue that the significance of Wikileaks is that it is part of the shift in the nature of news to a network system that is contestable and unstable. Welcome to Wiki World and a new age of uncertainty
Mikä osa yleisöllä? : viestintäoikeuden vuosikirja 2007 = Yearbook of communication law 2007 = Jahrbuch für Kommunikationsrecht 2007.
Trade secrets in open innovation networks : a review of the university-company tension in SHOKs
Right of access to documents - a fundamental right within the EU legal order?
Anglo-swedish studies in law
The perils and promise of global transparency : why the information revolution may not lead to security, democracy, or peace
Government information : access and privacy
Access to information held by the state and privacy in Finland
Obtaining documents from the opponent in international commercial arbitration
Wikileaks : news in the networked era
Access to environmental information in Europe : the implementation and implications of directive 90/313/EEC
Principles of adminstrative procedure in EC law
The world's first freedom of information act : Anders Chydenius' legacy today
Summary (s. 206-207)
Your right to government information
"Which SUVs are most likely to roll over? What cities have the unhealthiest drinking water? Which factories are the most dangerous polluters? What cereals are most nutritious? In recent decades, governments have sought to provide answers to such critical questions through public disclosure to force manufacturers, water authorities, and others to improve their products and practices. Corporate financial disclosure, nutritional labels, and school report cards are examples of such targeted transparency policies. At best, they create a light-handed approach to governance that improves markets, enriches public disclosure, and empowers citizens. But such policies are frequently ineffective or counterproductive. Using an analysis of eighteen U.S. and international policies, Full Disclosure shows that the information provided is often incomplete, incomprehensible, or irrelevant to consumers, investors, workers, and community residents. To be successful, transparency policies must be accurate, must keep ahead of disclosers' efforts to find loopholes, and, above all, must focus on the needs of ordinary citizens."--Jacket.
Freedom of information and the right to know : the origins and applications of the Freedom of Information Act
Administrative secrecy in developed countries
Conference proceedings for affective encounters : rethinking embodiment in feminist media studies
Freedom of information : open access, empty archives?
Blacked out : government secrecy in the information age
Better off forgetting? : essays on archives, public policy, and collective memory
Information rights
WikiLeaks : inside Julian Assange's war on secrecy
Implementation of constitutional provisions regarding mass media in a pluralist democracy : proceedings of the UniDem Seminar organised in Nicosia on 16-18 December 1994 in co-operation with the Office of the Attorney General of the Republic of Cyprus and with the support of the European Commission
The passion of Bradley Manning
Access to legal norms : proceedings : multilateral seminar Activities for the development and consolidation of democratic stability (Adacs),  Borovets (Bulgaria), 25-27 November 1998.
Dressed for politics : why increasing transparency in the European Union will not make lobbyists behave any better than they already do
Government and information : the law relating to access, disclosure and their regulation
A case study of the 1961 Hague Convention abolishing the requirement of foreign public documents
Access to Commission documents : a citizen's guide
Access to the Documents in the Archives of the Foreign Ministry of the Russian Federation
Political responsibility and the European Union
Openness and transparency in the European Union
Basic texts on transparency concerning the activities of the Council of the European Union : february 2000
Procedural aspects of EC competition law
Access to information and documents as a human right
Freedom of information : the law, the practice and the ideal
Journalists' access to legislative processes : a comparative study of journalists's access in Finland and in the European Union
