http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12472 mongooses
mongooses
A mob of meerkats and other mammal groups
Ultimate wildlife. 3, The raccoon family, the weasel and skunk families, the civet and genet families, the mongoose family
Millicent and Meer
Myth and meaning : San-Bushman folklore in global context
"What's the worst thing you can hear when you have a good idea at work? "That's not how we do it here!""--
That's not my meerkat... : its ears are too fluffy
That's not how we do it here : a story about how organizations rise and fall - and can rise again
Legs : the tale of a meerkat lost and found
Meerkat madness : flying high
That's not how we do it here! : a story about how organizations rise and fall--and can rise again
"What's the worst thing you can hear when you have a good idea at work? "That's not how we do it here!"  In their iconic bestseller Our Iceberg Is Melting, John Kotter and Holger Rathgeber used a simple fable about penguins to explain the process of lead&shy;ing people through major changes. Now, ten years later, they're back with another must-read story that will help any team or organization cope with their biggest challenges and turn them into exciting opportunities.  Once upon a time a clan of meerkats lived in the Kalahari, a region in southern Africa. After years of steady growth, a drought has sharply reduced the clan's resources, and deadly vulture attacks have increased. As things keep getting worse, the har&shy;mony of the clan is shattered. The executive team quarrels about possible solutions, and sugges&shy;tions from frontline workers face a soul-crushing response: "That's not how we do it here!"  So Nadia, a bright and adventurous meerkat, hits the road in search of new ideas to help her trou&shy;bled clan. She discovers a much smaller group that operates very differently, with much more teamwork and agility. These meerkats have developed innova&shy;tive solutions to find food and evade the vultures. But not everything in this small clan is as perfect as it seems at first.  Can Nadia figure out how to combine the best of both worlds--a large, disciplined, well-managed clan and a small, informal, inspiring clan--before it's too late?   This book distills Kotter's decades of experi&shy;ence and award-winning research to reveal why organizations rise and fall, and how they can rise again in the face of adversity"--
That naughty meerkat!
Escape from ice mountain
Ambulance in action!
The clan of the scorpion
The forbidden palace
