http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12475 internal organs
internal organs
An atlas of diagnostic radiology in gastroenterology
Wnt-11 signaling roles during heart and kidney development
User-adaptive environment : feasibility of sensors and applications for improving indoor energy efficiency, comfort and well-being
Fundamentals of special radiographic procedures
Sobotta atlas of human anatomy 2. Vol. 2, Trunk, Viscera, Lower Limb
The horse anatomy workbook : a learning aid for students based on Peter Goody's classic work, Horse anatomy
The new service economy : challenges and policy implications for Europe
Photographic atlas of practical anatomy. 1 [part 2], Companion volume including Nomina Anatomica and index
Effects of microbial mitochondriotoxins from food and indoor air on mammalian cells
Bioaerosols, fungi and mycotoxins : health effects, assessment, prevention and control
Fact sheets on the European Union
From common market to social Europe? : paradigm shifts and institutional change in European Union policy on food, asbestos and chemicals, and gender equality
Abstract: Gas-chromatography was used to determine the major fatty acid composition of the total lipids, and triglyceride and phospholipid fractions of the subcutaneous, liver, skeletal muscle, coronary and perinephric fats of 38 moose killed in northeastern Finnish Lapland in early and late winter 1967-1972...
Color atlas and textbook of human anatomy. 2, Internal organs
The law of state aid in the European Union
Microbial exposure and health in schools : effects of moisture damage and renovation
SYTTY, Finnish Research Programme on Environmental Health 1998-2001 : results
Basic abdominal ultrasound
Horse anatomy : a coloring atlas
Wheater's functional histology : a text and colour atlas
Medical-surgical nursing : assessment and management of clinical problems
Acland's DVD atlas of human anatomy. DVD 6, The internal organs
Proceedings
This technical paper presents the findings of a study on inland fisheries livelihoods in Central Asia. It discusses current policies and potential livelihood-enhancing policy interventions. The study was conducted in 2008 under a partnership between Portsmouth University, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, and the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations (FAO). The paper examines the evolution of the Central Asian fisheries sector, showing how it was one of - if not the most - acutely affected sectors by the deterioration in the economic environment after the collapse of the former Union of the Soviet Socialist Republics in 1991. Examples are given of livelihood or coping strategies that have evolved for those persons who currently derive an income from the sector. Three distinct groupings are highlighted in the examples presented: the Kazakh "fisher brigades" based on the North Aral Sea, the "community" fishers of Kyrgyz Republic and the pond culturalists of the Republic of Tajikistan. The livelihood strategies of each group and the particular constraints each group faces are documented. A concluding chapter identifies the prerequisites for more effective livelihood-supporting policy interventions within the fisheries sphere across the Central Asian republics.
Harmful agents (PCDD/Fs, PCBs, and PBDEs) in Finnish reindeer (Rangifer tarandus tarandus) and moose (Alces alces)
Major fatty acid composition of some organ fats in the moose (Alces alces) in northeastern Lapland
A guide to European Union Law : as amended by the treaty of Lisbon
Watson's medical-surgical nursing and related physiology
Brunner & Suddarth's textbook of medical-surgical nursing
Food shop graphics : interiors and graphic applications of food and drink related retailers
Visceral manipulation in osteopathy
Contrast-enhanced ultrasound of abdominal organs in cats
Indoor climate and productivity in offices : how to integrate productivity in life-cycle cost analysis of building services
Medical-surgical nursing : concepts and practice
Sobotta atlas of human anatomy : head, neck, upper limb, thorax, abdomen, pelvis, lower limb
Horse anatomy
Advances in stored product protection : proceedings of the 8th International Working Conference on Stored Product Protection, 22-26 July 2002, York, UK
Europe in ten points
Abstract: Lenghts of small intestine (from gizzard to cloaca) and caeca, and body weights were recorded in 282 willow grouse (Lagopus lagopus) killed in winter in Finnish Lapland. Males weighed more than females...
Clean air solutions in food processing
34th R3-Nordic Contamination Control Symposium Turku, Finland, June 2-4, 2003
Nutritional value of yellow-seeded winter rapeseed cakes for growing pigs
Ekologinen kestävyys rakennusalalla : katsaus ympäristönäkökulmaan suomalaisessa rakentamisessa = Sustainable building in Finland : a look the environmental perspective in the construction sector in Finland
National Public Health Institute, Department of Environmental Health : background material for the international evaluation
Understanding the European Union
Pests of stored products and their control
Legal issues of the Maastricht treaty
Inland fisheries livelihoods in Central Asia : policy interventions and opportunities
Microorganisms in home and indoor work environments : diversity, health impacts, investigation and control
Policy-making in the European Union
The good indoor air
Human body : a book with guts!
Inflammatory responses in mice after intratracheal instillation of microbes isolated from moldy buildings
Fascial manipulation for internal dysfunctions
EU justice and home affairs law
Objective of the study was to compare the composition and nutritional value of a winter brown- (BRC) and three yellow-seeded (YRC) cold-pressed rapeseed cakes as the components of pigs' diets, and to assess their effects on colonic bacterial fermentation and the relative weight of organs. In experiment 1, the standardised ileal digestibility (SID) of protein and amino acids (AA) of cakes was determined in 12 male cannulated pigs. Each diet was fed to six pigs during three seven-day periods. Ileal digesta was collected during the last three days of the period. In experiment 2, five groups each containing six female pigs with initial body weights (BW) of 20 kg were fed on diets containing BRC, YRC, or soyabean oil meal (SBM) as the main protein source. The apparent total tract digestibility (ATTD) of nutrients and growth performance were measured untill 60 kg BW was reached, and short chain fatty acids (SCFA) concentrations in the colon, as well as the weight of the liver, kidney, heart, and thyroid, were recorded. The main differences between BRC and YRC were found in higher content of fat and protein, lower amounts of fibre and glucosinolates (Gls), and higher ATTD of fibre in YRC. Protein and AA SID, ATTD of nutrients, total SCFA colonic concentration, and growth performance did not significantly differ. The chemical composition of the three YRC was not uniform, the greatest differences were found among the amounts of Gls. The relative weights of the thyroid and heart were greater in pigs fed BRC than in YRC and SBM diets. Thyroid weight was positively correlated with dietary progoitrin, alkenyl Gls, and total Gls, whereas heart weight was positively correlated with progoitrin and alkenyl Gls. It was concluded that winter yellow-seeded rapeseed is a better raw material for cold-pressing than brown-seeded due to having lower Gls and fibre content.
Acland's DVD atlas of human anatomy. DVD 1, The upper extremity
Change in Putin's Russia : power, money and people
Proteolytic conversion of cod viscera to ingredients for microbial growth media
A colour atlas of foot and ankle disorders
Barrafina : a Spanish cookbook
Sammendrag: Proteolytisk omdannelse av torskeslog til ingredienser for mikrobielle vekstmedier.
The European Union : an introduction
Illustrated atlas of clinical equine anatomy and common disorders of the horse : vol 2: Reproduction, internal medicine, and skin
Manual of medical-surgical nursing care : nursing interventions and collaborative management
Color atlas of human anatomy. Volume 2, Internal organs
Integrated management of European wetlands : final report : July 2004.
The European Union explained : Europe in 12 Lessons
The Hippocratic treatise on glands
Access to European Union : institutions and politics
Meat and fish management
Small intestine and caeca lenghts in the willow grouse (Lagopus lagopus) in Finnish Lapland
Practical strategies in pediatric diagnosis and therapy
Sobotta atlas of human anatomy. vol. 2, Internal organs
Thieme atlas of anatomy : neck and internal organs
Vestibular function in different otoneurological patients as measured by head tilt and head impulse test
Visceral and obstetric osteopathy
SYTTY 2 : The mid-term symposium of the Finnish Research Programme on Environmental Health 29-30 March, 2000, Helsinki, Finland : proceedings
Salmonid fisheries : freshwater habitat management
Introduction to food- and airborne fungi
The engines of European integration : delegation, agency, and agenda setting in the EU
