http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12470 religious poems
religious poems
The Northern passion : (Supplement) Cambridge University ms. Gg. 1. 1, Oxford ms. Rawlinson poetry 175
Paradise lost and Paradise regained
Hindu hymns in Hindi with modern Hindi paraphrase and English translation.
Consider our vow : translation of Tiruppāvai and Tiruvempāvai into English
The poems of John Audelay
Major poems of the Hebrew Bible : at the interface of hermeneutics and structural analysis. Volume 1, Ex. 15, Deut. 32 and Job 3
The caged bird and the uncaged bird : a selection of poems
Paradise lost : John Milton
Two thirsty eyes : a selection of poems
Ræd and frofer : christian poetics in the old English froferboc meters
Hymns ancient and modern : for use in the services of the church : with appendix
Self-Surrender, Peace, Compassion, and The mission of the goose : poems and prayers from South India
The dream of the rood
The book of the incipit : beginnings in the fourteenth century
Piers Plowman : a new translation of the B-text
The scripture of the golden eternity
On the shore of nothingness : space, rhythm, and semantic structure in religious poetry and its mystic-secular counterpart : a study in cognitive poetics
The realm of the extra-human : ideas and actions
Richard Morris's Prick of conscience
Order and disorder
Ter tria
African folklore
Sacred song from the Byzantine pulpit : Romanos the Melodist
Piers Plowman and the medieval discourse of desire
Desert songs of the night : 1500 years of Arabic literature
Divine eros : hymns of St. Symeon, the New Theologian
The message and the structure of The dream of the rood
Himalayan nature : representations and reality
Mahā cālīsā saṁgraha : an anthology of cālīsās and āratīs forming part of the Hindu religious poetry and public worship
Mary and Joseph, and other dialogue poems on Mary
An ornament for jewels : love poems for the Lord of Gods
John Milton's Paradise lost : a sourcebook
Susannah : an alliterative poem of the 14th century
Political, religious, and love poems : ...with a fragment of the romance of Peare of Provence and the fair Maguelone a. a sketch ... of the romance of the knight Amorys abd the LadyCleopes by John Metham (some by Lydgate, Sir Richard Ros, Henry Baradoun, Wm. Hunchen, etc.)
The devotional poetry of Svāmī Haridās : a study of early Braj Bhāṣā verse
The quatrefoil of Love
My God is smiling at me!
Middle English eucharistic verse : its imagery, symbolism, and typology
The poetry of MS. Sloane 2593 : a critical edition
Parallel extracts from forty-five manuscripts of Piers Plowman : with notes upon their relation to the society's three-text edition of this poem
Emily Dickinson and hymn culture : tradition and experience
Richard Maidstone's Penitential psalms : ed. from Bodl. MS Rawlinson A 389
Early Christian Latin poets
This commentary on the Greek text of the Jewish-Hellenistic Sentences of Pseudo-Phocylides, a sapiential poem of the first century BCE or first century CE, offers a full treatment of its sources, structure, perspective, and purpose as well as a verse-by-verse translation and analysis. The Greek text is given as appendix. The cross-cultural nature of these moral teachings is emphasized through extensive interaction with Biblical, Hellenistic Jewish, and Greco-Roman comparative materials.
Political, religious, and love poems : (some by Lydgate, Sir Richard Ros, Henry Baradoun, Wm. Hunchen, etc.)
Chinese poetry and prophecy : the written oracle in East Asia
The Wheatley manuscript : a collection of Middle English verse and prose contained in a ms. : now in the British Museum Add. ms. 39574
The dream of the rood : an old English poem attributed to Cynewulf
Making nothing happen : five poets explore faith and spirituality
The sentences of Pseudo-Phocylides
The English poems of George Herbert
The sacred shrine : a study of the poetry and art of the catholic church
St. Gregory of Nazianzus : poems on scripture
Shamanhood : an endangered language
On the meaning of death : essays on mortuary rituals and eschatological beliefs
Doctrine and devotion in 17th-century poetry : studies in Donne, Herbert, Crashaw, and Vaughan
Paradise lost : the biblically annotated edition
"Twas as space sat singing to herself, and men" : situating Dickinson's relation to hymn culture -- The hymn : a form of devotion? -- Theorising hymnic space : language, subjectivity, and re-visioning the divine -- Making the sublime ridiculous : Emily Dickinson and Isaac Watts -- "The prospect oft my strength renews" : spiritual transport in the hymns of Phoebe Hinsdale Brown and Eliza Lee Follen -- Tracing Dickinson's bee imagery -- "Why floods be served to us in bowls, I speculate no more" : reading Dickinson's strategy.
Meditations on the life and passion of Christ : from British Museum Addit ms. 11307
Psalms of lament
Early English Christian poetry
Haik bek-Arakelov : an Armenian officer and Islamic poet
