http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1247 rites
rites
The myth of the Bagre
Feasts and festivals
A guide to masonic symbolism
Ősi halotti maszkok : a honfoglaló magyarság keleti eredetű halottas szokása ; [időszaki kiállítás Magyar Nemzeti Múzeum 2013. június 22 - 2013. szeptember 15.] = Ancient burial masks : Hungarian burial tradition of Eastern origin ; [temporary exhibition Hungarian National Museum]
Kindling the native spirit : sacred practices for everyday life
The roots of theatre : rethinking ritual and other theories of origin
Sacred killing : the archaeology of sacrifice in the ancient Near East
R. G. Collingwood's emotivist theory of magic
The sacred and the profane : the nature of religion
Manipulating theophany : light and ritual in north Adriatic architecture (ca. 400-ca. 800)
The hunt of the magical boar : in search of cultural meanings in medieval Celtic literature
Essential sacred writings from around the world
Pagan rites in Judaism : from sex initiation, magic, moon-cult, tattooing, mutilation and other primitive rituals to family loyalty and solidarity
THE SACRED AND THE PROFANE
Santeria healing in Cuba
Ultimate ambiguities : investigating death and liminality
The occult life of things : native Amazonian theories of materiality and personhood
Masks and magic
The cost of death : the social and economic value of ancient Egyptian funerary art in the Ramesside period
The head-hunters of Borneo : a narrative of travel up the Mahakkam and down the Barito; also, Journeyings in Sumatra
Memento mori : the dead among us
Rituals of triumph in the Mediterranean world
Framing the false face : analysing disguise traditions
This study explores the development of ancient festival culture in the Greek East of the Roman Empire, paying particular attention to the fundamental religious changes that occurred. After analysing how Greek city festivals developed in the first two Imperial centuries, it concentrates on the major Roman festivals that were adopted in the Eastern cities and traces their history up to the time of Justinian and beyond. It addresses several key questions for the religious history of later antiquity: who were the actors behind these adoptions? How did the closed religious communities, Jews and pre-Constantinian Christians, articulate their resistance? How did these festivals change when the empire converted to Christianity? Why did emperors not yield to the long-standing pressure of the Church to abolish them? And finally, how did these very popular festivals - despite their pagan tradition - influence the form of the newly developed Christian liturgy?
Readings in ritual studies
Rites of birth, marriage, death, and kindred occasions among the Semites
Remains of ritual : northern gods in a southern land
The sacred pipe
Ahu - the ceremonial stone structures of Easter Island : analyses of variation and interpretation of meanings
Childbirth and mothering in archaeology
Obrządek pogrzebowy kultur pochodzenia naddunajskiego w neolicie Polski południowo-wschodniej (5600/5500-2900BC) = Funerary rite of the Danubian cultures in the Neolithic of southeastern Poland (5600/5500-2900BC)
True rites and maimed rites : ritual and anti-ritual in Shakespeare and his age
Societies, both ancient and modern, have frequently celebrated and proclaimed their military victories through overt public demonstrations. In the ancient world, however, the most famous examples of this come from a single culture and period - Rome in the final years of the Roman Republic and early Roman Empire - while those from other cultures - such as Egypt, Greece, Neo-Assyria, and indeed other periods of Roman history áre generally unexplored. The aim of this volume is to present a more complete study of this phenomenon and offer a series of cultural reactions to successful military actions by various peoples of the ancient Mediterranean world, illustrating points of similarity and diversity, and demonstrating the complex and multifaceted nature of this trans-cultural practice.
Sacred space : shrine, city, land : proceedings of the international conference in memory of Joshua Prawer
Pseudo-Kodinos and the Constantinopolitan court : offices and ceremonies
Oceania : world views of the South Seas
The Tantric body : the secret tradition of Hindu religion
The use of grave-goods in conversion-period England, c.600-c.850
"I foresee my life" : the ritual performance of autobiography in an Amazonian community
Encyclopedia of Korean folklore and traditional culture. vol. 2, Encyclopedia of Korean folk beliefs
On "Dyss" burial and beliefs about the dead during the stone age with special regard to South Scandinavia : an archaeological and historico-religious research
Earth magic : ancient shamanic wisdom for healing yourself, others, and the planet
Saving the city : ambiguities in ancient Greek crisis management
Matsuri : festival and rite in Japanese life
Death, liturgy and ritual. Volume 1, A pastoral and liturgical theology
This book is a vivid reconstruction of the practical aspects of ancient Egyptian religion. Through an examination of artifacts and inscriptions, the text explores a variety of issues. For example, who was allowed to enter the temples, and what rituals were preformed therein? Who served as priests? How were they organized and trained, and what did they do? What was the Egyptians,♯ ḁttitude toward death, and what happened at funerals? How did the living and dead communicate? In what ways could people communicate with the gods? What impact did religion have on the economy and longevity of the society? This book demystifies Egyptian religion, exploring what it meant to the people and society. The text is richly illustrated with images of rituals and religious objects.
The curse : a cultural history of menstruation
Contextualising grave inventories in the Ancient Near East : proceedings of a workshop at the London 7th ICAANE in April 2010 and an international symposium in Tübingen in November 2010, both organised by the Tübingen Post-Graduate School "Symbols of the Dead"
The archaeology of cremation : burned human remains in funerary studies
Images on childhood in rural South India
The ritual process : structure and anti-structure
Society and the dance : the social anthropology of process and performance
Rituals in abundance : critical reflections on the place, form, and identity of Christian ritual in our culture
Indian fishing : early methods on the Northwest Coast
Coral gardens and their magic : a study of the methods of tilling the soil and of agricultural rites in the Trobriand Islands. Vol. 2, The language of magic and gardening
Coral gardens and their magic : a study of the methods of tilling the soil and of agricultural rites in the Trobriand Islands. Vol. 1, The description of gardening
Christian myth and ritual : a historical study
Death in East Germany, 1945-1990
Coming to the edge of the circle : a Wiccan initiation ritual
Death : antiquity and its legacy
Reflections of the mountain : essays on the history and social meaning of the mountain cult in Tibet and the Himalaya
Death and changing rituals : function and meaning in ancient funerary practices
Death in the Greek world : from Homer to the classical age
In conversation with the kolam practice : auspiciousness and artistic experiences among women in Tamilnadu, South India
Living religions : an encyclopaedia of the world's faiths
International handbook of funeral customs
Mourning the unborn dead : a Buddhist ritual comes to America
Death, liturgy and ritual. Vol. 2, A commentary on liturgical texts
The grave as a doorway to the other world : architectural religious symbolism in Iron Age graves in Scandinavia
During the last twenty years, the category 'grave' has been the subject of increasing debate in Swedish archaeology. It has been recognized that monuments commonly regarded as graves are sometimes also found in cultic contexts other than those associated with death and burial. In many cases, for instance, monuments similar to graves have been erected at cult sites, and seem to have been used in sacrificial practices rather than for burials. According to archaeological, textual and onomastic sources, it was common practice in Old Norse religion to suspend sacrificial victims from trees of from upraised posts, or to deposit offerings at the base of sacred rocks and boulders. In all these cases, the trees, posts and boulders seem to be representation of the World Axis, depicted in cosmological myths as a Cosmic Tree, Pillar or Mountain. I argue that these various representations of the World Axis are also incorporated in the architectonic symbolism of several forms of grave monuments in pre-Christian Scandinavia. The architectonic shape of these monuments could thus be used in several different contexts, since they represented a 'Cosmic Center' and a 'doorway' to the Other World.
The third supplementary volume of the series “Qaṭna Studien” contains the contributions from the workshop “Symbols of the Dead”, held at the 7th ICAANE in London on 14th and 15th April 2010, and the symposium “Grave Inventories and their (Inter)regional Context. An Interdisciplinary Approach”, which was held in Tübingen between 25th and 27th November 2010. Both conferences were organized by the post-graduate school “Symbols of the Dead”. This volume comprises theoretical discussions and archaeological case studies, as well as archaeometric analytical studies so as to identify the composition and provenance of objects, inter alia from grave contexts. The contributions cover a geographical field spanning Syria, Mesopotamia, the Syro-Anatolian regions, Jordan, Egypt, and the Aegean, and they chronologically span from the 4th to the 1st millennia B.C. They either compare different regions in one single period, or one region over several periods. Thus, the volume offers insights into different approaches to interpreting mortuary practices, the symbolism of grave goods, and the interaction of the living with the dead. The papers are divided into three sections – “The Dead, The Ancestors and the Living”; “Mortuary Rituals”; “Grave Goods, Food and Offerings” – each referring to a prominent aspect of the symbolism of the dead in the Ancient Near East. At the same time, these sections represent major fields of research within mortuary studies in recent years.
Ancient rites and ceremonies
The dead and the living in Paris and London, 1500-1670
Death and dying : views from many cultures
When the sun moves northward : being a treatise on the six sacred months : containing the mystical ritual from the "Story of the year" and the teaching concerning the resurrection from "Green leaves"
Tibetan religious dances : Tibetan text and annotated translation of the 'chams yig
The golden bough : a study in magic and religion
Ceremonies for life
Masculinity, motherhood, and mockery : psychoanalyzing culture and the Iatmul Naven rite in New Guinea
When you're up to your ass in alligators ... : more urban folklore from the paperwork empire
Shamanism : a cross-cultural study of beliefs and practices
How kings are made - how kingship changes : a study of rituals and ritual change in pre-colonial and colonial Owamboland, Namibia
Good company and violence : sorcery and social action in a lowland New Guinea society
Quest : a guide for creating your own vision quest
Phallic worship : a history of sex & sexual rites
The wolves of heaven : Cheyenne shamanism, ceremonies, and prehistoric origins
Rites of passage
Gendered violence : patterns and causes of women-to-women violence in the Lake Zone regions of Tanzania, East Africa
Nyae Nyae !Kung : beliefs and rites
A death in the Sánchez family
Blood, bread and roses : how menstruation created the world
The red fez : art and spirit possession in Africa
Marriage
The illustrated guide to witchcraft : the secrets of wicca and paganism revealed
Ritual and religious belief : a reader
Religion and ritual in ancient Egypt
Earthly bodies, magical selves : contemporary pagans and the search for community
The rites of passage
The forest of symbols : aspects of Ndembu ritual
The labyrinth : further studies in the relation between myth and ritual in the ancient world
The Vajrabhairava tantras : Tibetan and Mongolian versions, Engl. transl. and annot. by Bulcsu Siklós
Royal and ducal entries into major cities were an important aspect of political life in Renaissance and early modern Europe and the New World. The festivities provided an opportunity for the municipal authorities to show off their wealth, learning, political nous, and aspiration while allowing writers, painters, sculptors, architects, set-designers, scene-painters, dancers, musicians, choreographers, and others an unparalleled opportunity to showcase their wares. The essays in this volume cover a range of royal and ducal entries, some well documented and well known, others less so, some barely documented at all. Each essay tackles an aspect of the business of putting together an entry festivity, discusses a particular difficulty posed for the contemporary scholar by the extant documentation, or offers a consideration of issues central to the development of this type of festivity or the literature associated with it.
Women's rituals : a sourcebook
Finnish folklore atlas
Ritual theory, ritual practice
Ritual and space in the Middle Ages : proceedings of the 2009 Harlaxton Symposium
Magic in the Roman world : pagans, Jews and Christians
Sex, death and witchcraft : a contemporary pagan festival
The life-giving myth and other essays
Women's rites, women's mysteries : intuitive ritual creation
Studies in Maori rites and myths
The spirits and their cousins : some aspects of belief, ritual, and social organization in a rural Hausa village in Niger
"Lemmennosto ei ole syntiä mutta rakastuttaminen on" : gender, strategy, and social attitude in traditional Finnish-Karelian society
Madwoman of the sacret heart
Religion : the basics
Life and afterlife in Ancient Egypt during the Middle Kingdom and second intermediate period
Coral gardens and their magic. Vol. 2, The language of magic and gardening
The struggle between life and death in proto-Bactrian culture : ritual and conflict
Ethiopia, peoples of the Omo Valley
Durkheim in dialogue : a centenary celebration of the elementary forms of religious life
The sacred officials of the Eleusinian Mysteries
Weaving the threads of life : the Khita gyn-eco-locical healing cult among the Yaka
Rite and power = Rito y poder : faculty of theology international seminar
Initiation ceremonies : a cross-cultural study of status dramatization
Ritual : perspectives and dimensions
Women's ritual in formative Oaxaca : figurine-making, divination, death, and the ancestors
The loney
The ritual theory of myth
Secrets of voodoo
The civilization of the South American Indians : with special refenrence to magic and religion
Locating the sacred : theoretical approaches to the emplacement of religion
Practitioners of the divine : Greek priests and religious officials from Homer to Heliodorus
Spectacles of death in ancient Rome
Carved initiation sticks and bows from Taveta Kenya Colony
Negotiating rites
Roman festivals in the Greek East : from the early empire to the Middle Byzantine Era
Maya cosmos : three thousand years on the shaman's path
Living with śakti : gender, sexuality and religion in South Asia
Living Religions
Mantras between fire and water : reflections on a Balinese rite
"This book provides an in-depth look at the beliefs and practices centered on the shaman, a person believed to have powers to heal and communicate with the spirit world. The work features more than 90 of the author's drawings of masks, fetishes, carvings and ongon, and 40 rare photographs of shamans, medicine men and women and healers"--Provided by publisher.
Liminality informatics : an information perspective on ritual activity
Rediscovering birth
The oral chronicle of the Boorana in southern Ethiopia : modes of construction and preservation of history among people without writing
The sacred pipe : Black Elk's account of the seven rites of the Oglala Sioux
Encyclopedia of religious rites, rituals, and festivals
The rites of Christian initiation : their evolution and interpretation
The earth mother
Native American religions
Ritual music and Hindu rituals of Kerala
Savage energies : lessons of myth and ritual in ancient Greece
Living Shiʻism : instances of ritualisation among Islamist men in contemporary Iran
Paths of the spirit familiars : a study of Wana shamanism
Coral gardens and their magic. Vol. 1, Soil-tilling and agricultural rites in the Trobriand Islands
Indigenous youth in Brazilian Amazonia : changing lived worlds
Girls' nubility rites in Ashanti
Nupe religion : traditional beliefs and the influence of Islam in a West African chiefdom
Codified Tranquility : Ritual and Communitas in the Japanese Way of Tea
Ritual happens in distinct places – in temples, in caves, along pilgrimage routes – and religious activities there incorporate a diverse set of objects such as holy water, cult statues, and sacred texts. Understanding religious ritual requires viewing it not as a disembodied event, but as emplaced, grounded in both built and natural surroundings, and integrated with its associated material objects. Here authors examine various religious practices in the Greco-Roman world and pilgrimage routes in contemporary Israel. Other contributions focus on the East, on domestic religion in prehistoric Taiwan, and the palimpsest of ritual activity in Buddhist China. One author considers not just ritual's built and natural setting, but also the landscape of the human mind. By way of conclusion, many of the recurring issues concerning the material and topographic matrix of ritual practice are expanded upon in a final meditation on sacred space. The papers in this volume, with their disciplinary, geographic, and chronological diversity, will serve as a resource for theoretical approaches to the study of ritual practice that may have broad cross-cultural application and provide new insight into the relationship between ritual and place. The volume is based on a conference held at Brown University.
The road of life and death : a ritual drama of the American Indians
Neolithic human burial practices : the interpretation of funerary behaviors at Bronocice, Poland
Couched in death : klinai and identity in Anatolia and beyond
The eight gates of Zen : a program of Zen training
Hindu Saṁskāras : socio-religious study of the Hindu sacraments
Embodied knowledge : historical perspectives on belief and technology
Design for death
The five healing Tibetans : simple exercises for rejuvenation and health
Book of Avebury
Mortuary variability : an archaeological investigation
Death, materiality and mediation : an ethnography of remembrance in Ireland
Symposia : journal for studies in ethnology and anthropology. 2004
Rites and symbols of initiation : the mysteries of birth and rebirth
The giver
Using in-depth examples of 'magical' practice such as exorcisms, love rites, alchemy and the transformation of humans into divine beings, this lively volume demonstrates that the word 'magic' was used widely in late antique texts as part of polemics against enemies and sometimes merely as a term for other people's rituals. Naomi Janowitz shows that 'magical' activities were integral to late antique religious practice, and that they must be understood from the perspective of those who employed them.
Writing royal entries in early modern Europe
Coral gardens and their magic : a study of the methods of tilling the soil and of agricultural rites in the Trobriand islands. Vol. 2, The language of magic and gardening
Roadside crosses in contemporary memorial culture
Freemason symbols & ceremonies for dummies
Court ceremonies and rituals of power in Byzantium and the medieval Mediterranean : comparative perspectives
