http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12464 philosophical anthropology
philosophical anthropology
Anthropology's world : life in a twenty-first century discipline
Becoming human : new perspectives on the inhuman condition
Signs of paradox : irony, resentment, and other mimetic structures
Reflections on human nature
Giorgio Agamben's Homo Sacer was one of the seminal works of political philosophy in recent decades. It was also the beginning of a series of interconnected investigations of staggering ambition and scope, investigating the deepest foundations of Western politics and thought. The Use of Bodies represents the ninth and final volume in this twenty-year undertaking, breaking considerable new ground while clarifying the stakes and implications of the project as a whole. It comprises three major sections. The first uses Aristotle's discussion of slavery as a starting point for radically rethinking notions of selfhood; the second calls for a complete reworking of Western ontology; and the third explores the enigmatic concept of "form-of-life," which is in many ways the motivating force behind the entire Homo Sacer project. Interwoven between these major sections are shorter reflections on individual thinkers (Debord, Foucault, and Heidegger), while the epilogue pushes toward a new approach to political life that breaks with the destructive deadlocks of Western thought. The Use of Bodies represents a true masterwork by one of our greatest living philosophers.
Tribal epistemologies : essays in the philosophy of anthropology
Further studies in philosophical anthropology
Insectopedia
Phenomenology of the human person
The phenomenon of man
Being human : historical knowledge and the creation of human nature
The embers and the stars : a philosophical inquiry into the moral sense of nature
Transcendent individual : towards a literary and liberal anthropology
From bondage to freedom : Spinoza on human excellence
Who is man?
The birth and death of meaning : an interdisciplinary perspective on the problem of man
The idea of humanity : anthropology and anthroponomy in Kant's ethics
Pragmatism and philosophical anthropology : understanding our human life in a human world
The proper study of mankind : an anthology of essays
The phenomenology of man and of the human condition : individualisation of nature and the human being. 1, Plotting the territory for interdisciplinary communication
The human being at the intersection of science, religion and medicine
Dignity, rank, and rights
Forces by which we live : religion and religious experience from the perspective of a pragmatic philosophical anthropology
Figments of reality : the evolution of the curious mind
Philosophical anthropology and practical politics
Crosby unfolds the mystery of personal uniqueness, shedding new light on the unrepeatability of each human person. This study attempts to explain the mystery of personal individuality or uniqueness. It sheds light on the ""incommunicability"" and unrepeatability of each human person and their ""transcendence"", giving particular attention to the transcendence achieved by persons in moral existence.
A philosophy of boredom
An essay on man : an introduction to a philosophy of human culture
Multiple origins : Edward Westermarck in search of mankind
Human evolution : a philosophical anthropology
Anthropology as ethics : nondualism and the conduct of sacrifice
Straw dogs : thoughts on humans and other animals
A history of Russian philosophy. 2
The natural alien : [humankind and environment]
Human excellence and an ecological conception of the psyche
Spheres. Vol. II, Globes : macrospherology
Monad and Thou : phenomenological ontology of human being
Becoming human : the development of language, self and self-consciousness
Neither beast nor God : the dignity of the human person
Arguing about human nature : contemporary debates
Stiegler and Technics
Perceiving animals : humans and animals in early modern English culture
The selfhood of the human person
You must change your life : on anthropotechnics
On the concept of philosophical anthropology
Intercultural philosophy
The task of understanding human beings, what we ourselves are, our constitution and condition, is a perennial problem in philosophy and related disciplines. Smith argues here that our understanding of human persons is threatened by technological development and capricious academic theories alike, seeking to deny or relativize the personhood of humanity. Smith's book puts a stake in the ground, in defense of a view of the human that is genuinely humanistic in the traditional sense and capable of sustaining with intellectual coherence things like modern human rights and universal benevolence.
Karl Jaspers : politics and metaphysics
In defense of the soul : what it means to be human
The unity of mankind in Greek thought
The perfectibility of man
The idea of humanity in a global era
Dimensions of dignity : the moral importance of being human
Man : his nature and place in the world
Francis Bacon on the nature of man : the faculties of man's soul: understanding, memory, will, and appetite
Man in estrangement : a comparison of the thought of Paul Tillich and Erich Fromm
When women held the dragon's tongue : and other essays in historical anthropology
Philosophical anthropology
Self-identity and personal autonomy : an analytical anthropology
A philosophy of man
Strong hermeneutics : contingency and moral identity
Philosophical psychopathology
The ascent of man : a philosophy of human nature
Marx and the missing link: "human nature" : W. Peter Archibald
The fate of "culture" : Geertz and beyond
Action and purpose
Man against mass society
Theories of human nature
Social action and human nature
This text is a collection of recent research in the philosophy of human nature. It includes research in anthropology, philosophy of mind, cognitive science, and other areas where there are fertile discussions about human nature. Thirty-five essays--several of them appearing here for the first time in print--were carefully selected to offer competing perspectives on 12 different topics related to human nature. The context and main threads of the debates are highlighted and explained by the editors in a short introduction to each of the 12 topics. Authors include Louise Anthony, Patrick Bateson, David Buller, John Dupre, Paul Griffiths, Sally Haslanger, Richard Lewontin, Ron Mallon, and E.O. Wilson. Contributors Rachel Cooper, Nancy Holmstrom, Kim Sterelny, and Elizabeth Cashdan provide brand new chapters in these debates. Suggested Reading lists offer curious readers new resources for exploring these debates further.
The knowledge of man : selected essays
How to make a human being : a body of evidence
Beyond prejudice : the moral significance of human and nonhuman animals
In his major investigation into the nature of humans, Peter Sloterdijk presents a critique of myth - the myth of the return of religion. For it is not religion that is returning; rather, there is something else quite profound that is taking on increasing significance in the present: the human as a practising, training being, one that creates itself through exercises and thereby transcends itself. Rainer Maria Rilke formulated the drive towards such self-training in the early twentieth century in the imperative 'You must change your life'. In his major investigation into the nature of humans, Peter Sloterdijk presents a critique of myth - the myth of the return of religion. For it is not religion that is returning; rather, there is something else quite profound that is taking on increasing significance in the present: the human as a practising, training being, one that creates itself through exercises and thereby transcends itself. Rainer Maria Rilke formulated the drive towards such self-training in the early twentieth century in the imperative 'You must change your life'. In making his case for the expansion of the practice zone for individuals and for society as a whole, Sloterdijk develops a fundamental and fundamentally new anthropology. The core of his science of the human being is an insight into the self-formation of all things human. The activity of both individuals and collectives constantly comes back to affect them: work affects the worker, communication the communicator, feelings the feeler. It is those humans who engage expressly in practice that embody this mode of existence most clearly: farmers, workers, warriors, writers, yogis, rhetoricians, musicians or models. By examining their training plans and peak performances, this book offers a panorama of exercises that are necessary to be, and remain, a human being. -- Review: "Breathtaking ... A superb and wide-ranging analysis of those moderns who have refused to be pampered or to dwell in capitalist decadence." The Guardian "Make(s) it possible to begin to come to grips with Sloterdijk as a stirring and eclectic thinker, who addresses himself boldly to the most important problems of our age." New Republic "A tour de force that engages the history of philosophy, religion, and thought, both Western and Eastern, in ways that make you think deeply about the evolution of the human being these past few thousand years." Los Angeles Review of Books "Sloterdijk is both seriously learned and brilliantly creative, and he has a talent for wit. He deserves shelf-space alongside Nietzsche, Heidegger and Foucault." New Humanist "Sloterdijk has constructed in this beautiful text a supreme heterotopology - a place from which to think and see differently." Eduardo Mendieta, Stony Brook University "A challenging, powerful, and at times frustrating read. Sloterdijk ranges widely across literatures and topics, inspiring and provoking in equal measure. He is fortunate to have Wieland Hoban as his excellent translator. A very good antidote to the chicken-soup banalities of other life-changing philosophy." Stuart Elden, Durham University "Challenging the pious and self-righteous alarm of those who have declared war on the return to religion, Sloterdijk in his typically original irreverence argues that we cannot see today s religiosity as any sort of return. What is really at stake is the formation of the self through practices. Charting a path beyond liberal critiques of religion and post-secular pseudo-returns to spirit, Sloterdijk provides a genuinely twenty-first century approach to the problem of life-formation. This book opens up new ways of thinking about life after humanism without lapsing into the simple affirmations of the post-human." Claire Colebrook, Penn State University "Peter Sloterdijk has assembled in this book the most amazing series of practices invented in history to hold humans souls suspended to a virtual hook slightly above their head. The result is a totally original analysis of religion by the most important philosopher or rather educator of today." Bruno Latour, Ecole des mines, Paris
Strong evaluation without sources : on Charles Taylor's philosophical anthropology and cultural moral realism
A new philosophy of society : assemblage theory and social complexity
The ideas of a foreign form of life
The meaning of human existence
Philosophy, ethics and a common humanity : essays in honour of Raimond Gaita
A history of Russian philosophy. 1
Culture & truth : the remaking of social analysis
Conscience : the search for truth
The person and the human mind : issues in ancient modern philosophy
Making knowledge
The palm at the end of the mind : relatedness, religiosity, and the real
Moral disagreements : classic and contemporary readings
Towards a rational philosophical anthropology
Ideas of human nature : an historical introduction
Breaking the mind barrier : the artscience of neurocosmology
Personal identity
Nature's destiny : how the laws of biology reveal purpose in the universe
The use of bodies
A passage to anthropology : between experience and theory
Existential anthropology : events, exigencies and effects
What is a person? : rethinking humanity, social life, and the moral good from the person up
Ten theories of human nature
Difference and subjectivity : dialogue and personal identity
An intimate history of humanity
Kant's pragmatic anthropology : its origin, meaning, and critical significance
Introduction to Kant's Anthropology
