http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12409 factories
factories
Charlie and the chocolate factory : an abridged version of the original best-loved story
World Factory in Crisis : Global Economy Downturn as a Speedbump on the Path of Development in China’s Pearl River Delta, and the Twisty Road for Recovery
Taewon Jang : stained ground
Ironworks and iron monuments: study, conservation and adaptive use = Étude, conservation et réutilisation de forges et monuments en fer : symposium Ironbridge, 23-25 October 1984
The complete adventures of Charlie and Mr Willy Wonka
Industrial location planning : an empirical investigation of company approaches to the problem of locating new plants
Flockers : Xbox One
Reliability centered maintenance (RCM) : implementation made simple
The European Pulp and Paper Industry
PHC production management system based on RFID
The automatic factory, what does it mean?
Rubber : An American Industrial History
In this article, the geographical transformation of the Finnish manufacturing sector since the 1970s is analysed. Changes in manufacturing employment by municipalities are used as central indicators of the transformation. The urban-rural shift, deindustralisation, and emergence of the new economy have all occurred during the last three decades.A trend surface analysis indicates that manufacturing employment increased all over the country in the 1970s. The growth was higher the more northern and eastern the municipality's location. This pattern was conformable to the goals of the Finnish regional policy of the 1970s. Deindustrialisation plagued the economy from the early 1980s to the mid-1990s, and its negative labour force impacts were focused especially on the southern mature industrial cities. The industrial policy of the 1980s was without much result. Finally, the crisis of the early 1990s ruined a considerable part of industrial performance everywhere in the country. The era of telecommunications-driven economic growth in the 1990s led to the geographical pattern of growing employment in few urban areas and some localities adjacent to cities. The long, vigorous growth period (up to the year 2001), comparable with the growth of the late 1960s and early 1970s, diffused to rural municipalities, but the geographical pattern of this boom was oriented more towards the west and south than in the 1970s.
The factory girls
Irreversibility, or the global factory / Imre Szeman
Plant design for safety : a user-friendly approach
Effective maintenance : the key to profitability.  A managerś guide to effective industrial maintenance management
Pulp & paper mills in the U.S. and Canada
Charlie and the chocolate factory
Self-leadership of Skilled Manual Employees at Vip Juicemaker Oy
Machinery failure analysis handbook : sustain your operations and maximize uptime
Black basalt : Wegwood and contemporary manufacturers
Counting-house and factory organisation : a practical manual of modern methods applied to the counting-house and factory
Fabrication [2]
Corporate architecture in Finland in the 1940s and 1950 : factory building as architecture, investment and image
Troubleshooting process operations
Performance of a chemical plant : a literature survey
Mr. Rogo, a plant manager, must improve his factory's efficiency or face its closing in just three months. Despite the fictional setting, Goldratt's novel has become a classic business and management text.
Goodbye iSlave : a manifesto for digital abolition
Strategy for wireless transmission disturbances detection and identification in industrial wireless sensor networks
The Rotters' club
Maintenance systems and documentation
Flockers : PlayStation 4
Timber technicalities : definitions of terms used in the timber and correlative trades and wood consuming industries
Overall equipment effectiveness : a powerful production/maintenance tool for increased profits
Principles and case studies of simultaneous design
World factory in crisis : global economy downturn as a speedbump on the path of development in China's Pearl River Delta, and the twisty road for recovery
Applied industrial energy and environmental management
The lost thing
Ajan viira : juhlaruno Tamfeltille sen täyttäessä 200 vuotta 17.5.1997 : a bicentennial poem for Tamfelt Corp. = Time is a wire
Process planning : the design/manufacture interface
Fagus : Walter Gropius and the factory for modernity
Production ramp-up for lubrication systems assembly in China : case Etola Industrial Products Ltd
Cotton mills in Greater Manchester
The Economics of commercial property markets
Echoes of forgotten places : urban exploration, industral archaeology and the aesthetics of decay
Roadmap to the e-Factory
The munitions girls
Suitability of RFID based access control system in factory environment
Ideal factory : theory of factory planning, produceability and ideality
Flexible manufacturing : benefits for the low-inventory factory
Facilities planning
Pinch analysis focused on secondary heat : how to include multi phase flows by using the advanced composite curves
Happilaitoksen runkovaihtoehtojen kustannusvertailu = Economic valuation of construction alternative for liquid gas station
Tiivistelmä: Global MES implementation guide for Perlos.
Opening of the new Ceramics Factory
The gunpowder and glory girls
Charlie and the Chocolate Factory
Prey
Supervisors at work : description of supervisor behavior : development of a time-sampling observation method
Plant engineers and managers guide to energy conservation
Spatial turns of manufacturing since 1970.
Facilities planning and design
Relationships and sacred rituals : heterosexuality as a product of commercials
Finnar i arbete = Finns at work = Les finlandais au travail
A harvest of thorns
"Welcome to a brave new world of profit making, propelled by high technology, guarded by enterprising authority, and carried forward by millions of workers. These millions of bodies gather in gigantic factory complexes to produce coveted commodities--iPhones, iPads, and other gadgets--for consumers worldwide. Yet, at these same factories, working conditions are notoriously oppressive, to the point that a number of employees there have committed suicide. In this study, Jack Linchuan Qiu examines systems of domination, exploitation, and alienation in an era of information technology, global connectivity, and individual consumerism engineered by corporations in collusion with national and regional state authorities. Focusing on notorious Taiwanese manufacturer Foxconn, Qiu conceptually develops the idea of iSlavery and the planetary Apple-Foxconn alliance he calls Appconn. Beginning with historical and legal explorations of slavery, he compares conditions of Foxconn workers to those of 17th century transatlantic slaves. Moving on from labor issues, he turns to fanatic consumption of digital media and argues that compulsive free labor contributions to commodity cycles constitute another form of iSlavery. Qiu relies on interviews, news analysis, and first-hand observation to clarify the circumstances faced by Foxconn workers and examine how a transborder working-class civil society was mobilized. He analyzes how media play a role in shaping public opinion and influencing corporate and state policies, ultimately affecting the fate of workers at the very bottom of the problematic new international division of labor"--
Chihuly's pendletons : and their influence on his work
The bookpaper book
Managing maintenance resources
Saebyeok chuljeong
Abstract: World Factory in Crisis : Global Economy Downturn as a Speedbump on the Path of Development in China's Pearl River Delta, and the Twisty Road for Recovery. As one of the world's largest and most dynamic economies, as well as an important member of international matters, China attracts enormous attention and the focus is on the opportunities and challenges associated with China's emergence. The Pearl River Delta Special Economic Zone of Guangdong province in the southeast China, is the pioneer of the Chinese Economic Reform initiated by Deng Xiaoping in 1978, and has been the most dynamic economic region since then. During the ongoing reform process, this region has become a manufacturing center of global importance, the province with the highest GDP, and one of the fastest growing economic regions in the world. Being the leader of China's economic reform and global manufacturing centre, the region is suffering from a sharp decline in export demand, large-scale of small and medium companies shutting-down and lay-offs of migrant workers. The traditional industry mode based on cheap labour and low value-added manufacturing is facing much limitation due to rising cost of land and labour. An industrial upgrading and restructuring is the solution. To cope with the problems caused by the crisis and to transform traditional industries into high value-added and high-tech industries, local governments have implemented a series of policies to support the region's industrial upgrading. Some relevant and valuable lessons can be learnt from Taiwan's industrial upgrading. With the once-in-a-decade political change in China in November 2012, how will the new national political body affect the Pearl River Delta's revolutionary road?
Heinolan Flutingtehdas 50 vuotta = Heinola Fluting Mill's 50th anniversary
The structural design of air and gas ducts for power stations and industrial boiler applications
The clockwork sky. Volume one
The social psychology of industry : human relations in the factory
The silk factory
Quality management for the technology sector
World production capacities plywood, particle board and fibre board 1985-1990 = Capacites mondiales de contre-plaque, de panneaux de particules et de panneaux de fibre 1985-1990 = Capacidades mundiales de tablers contrachapados, de particulas y de fibre 1985-1990
All the fun of the factory
This doctoral thesis presents a novel method for detecting and identifying radio channel disturbances. Wireless transmission in factory environments occasionally becomes degraded due to harsh radio signal propagation conditions. The most disruptive disturbances are caused by other wireless devices (co-channel and adjacent interference), environmental characteristics such as metal constructions and heavy equipment (signal fading), and electrical and mechanical equipment (noise). We have performed extensive measurements in different industrial environments to study the effects of different radio channel disturbances on signal propagation. The obtained measurement results led us to develop signal analysis methods and a disturbance detector based on a classifier. The classifier was tested in a real industrial environment; these tests showed an encouraging detection performance.Signal analysis is performed both in time and frequency domains. In the time domain, the probability density function (PDF) method is used. It is based on detecting the PDF shape variations calculated from the received signal and their correlation to the environmental changes in the radio channel. In the frequency domain, spectrogram analysis is performed. Here, we calculate the spectrogram of each received data packet, and by applying image analysis tools on the spectrograms, we obtain the required information on the received signal and on other radio transmissions which may have disturbed our radio signal transmission. The recognition and identification of the radio channel disturbances is based on the fusion of the signal magnitude analysis (PDF) and spectrogram analysis with a classifier.We also discuss the development process of a classifier-based tool towards an embedded solution. The classifier was developed and extensively tested using USPR N210, ETTUS SDR (Software Defined Radio). The classifier proved to be a feasible solution for detecting and identifying reliability flaws of wireless transmission in the industrial environment, and will be further developed into a portable, small-sized SDR-based tool.
The bookpaper book from Anjala Mill
Handbook of maintenance management and engineering
David Lynch : the factory photographs
Architectural map of Pori : a hundred-and-one ways to get to know Pori's building heritage
Secrets of the sewing bee
World production capacities plywood; particle board and fibre board 1979-1984 = Capacites mondiales de contre-plaque, de panneaux de particules et de panneaux de fibre 1979-1984 = Capacidades mundiales de tablers contrachapados, de particulas y de fibre 1979-1984
Preliminary chemical engineering plant design
The man who walked like a bear : an inspector Porfiry Rostnikov mystery
Wolf's magnificent master plan
Suitability of RFID Based Access Control System in Factory Environment
Market Opportunities for Automotive Components Used in Non-automotive Applications Manufacturing : Estonian Industrial Market
The Goal : a process of ongoing improvement
Factory planning manual : situation-driven production facility planning
Product design and factory development
Value-added bioproducts or renewable energy derived from lignin? : comparative regional economic and environmental impact assessment : case Metsä Group's bioproduct mill in Äänekoski
Global MES implementation guide for Perlos
Plant layout and material handling
Reinventing the factory : productivity breakthroughs in manufacturing today
Timber, Pulp and Paper Trades' Directory of Finland 1911-1912 : published by Aktiebolaget Index
Plant layout and design
The goal : a process of ongoing improvement
The Asian Pacific Rim Pulp and Paper Industry
Industrial location : principles and policies
Gather yourselves together
Handbook factory planning and design
Factories & office buildings
The story of Rajamäki
The films of Tim Burton : animating live action in contemporary Hollywood
Strategic maintenance planning
The early factory legislation : a study in legislative and administrative evolution
Factory
This thesis was commissioned by Etola Industrial Products (Tianjin) Ltd. The company has agreed with its customer about outsourcing the production of pressure lubrication units to Etola China. The type of the lubrication unit is new for the company and preparations for the full scale assembly startup are done during the year 2013. To do this, a sample lubrication unit was bought, and based on the research of that unit the necessary equipment and resources were planned. According to the experience gathered from the research, the production process is defined and Chinese operators are trained. Current stage of the production is investigated by interviewing the operations personnel and studying the current processes. The information gathered was taken into account in planning of the new lubrication unit production. Theory section of this thesis consists of the fundamentals in facilities and process planning and the significance of operations, as a part of an effective organization. Case study comprises the designing of the production process, and facilities planning for the lubrication unit assembly. As a result, an assembly cell was established, production process was planned and visual working instructions were prepared for the production. Thus, the company has a readiness to deliver the unit represented in this thesis, and start a large scale production. On the experiences gathered from the first model, a product family of lubrication units can be delivered with some modifications. In the end of the thesis reflections from the course of the project are presented, and what special requirements operating in China sets for organizing a production.
A decent factory
Plant location decision-making
Threat modeling a factory environment using Microsoft security development lifecycle methodology
RF-Filter's productivity improvements
Process safety enhancement in chemical plant design by exploiting accident knowledge
