http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12467 fatherlessness
fatherlessness
Children of the jacaranda tree
Fatherless in Galilee : Jesus as child of God
Young samurai. [6] : The ring of fire
Jesus Henry Christ
Katherine Carlyle
Crisis in America : father absence
Life without father : compelling new evidence that fatherhood and marriage are indispensable for good of children and society
Amy & Roger's epic detour
Where fatherlessness meets music therapy : "the importance of therapist & the uniqueness of music"
The way of the dragon
The girl who was Saturday night
Homecoming
The importance of fathers
The other family
My mother's lovers
The heroines : a novel
Growing up fatherless in antiquity
The Burgess boys
Young samurai. [5] : The ring of water
The lighthouse
The bastard of Istanbul
The ring of wind
Fatherless America : confronting our most urgent social problem
The Liar's Daughter
Young samurai. [1] : The way of the warrior
How Ali Ferguson saved Houdini
In the late 80s, Katherine Carlyle is created using IVF. Stored as a frozen embryo for eight years, she is then implanted in her mother and given life. By the age of nineteen Katherine has lost her mother to cancer, and feels her father to be an increasingly distant figure. Instead of going to college, she decides to disappear, telling no one where she has gone. What begins as an attempt to punish her father for his absence gradually becomes a testing-ground of his love for her, a coming-to-terms with the death of her mother, and finally the mise-en-scene for a courageous leap from false empowerment to true empowerment. Written in the beautifully spare, lucid and cinematic prose that Thomson is known for, Katherine Carlyle uses the modern techniques of IVF and cryopreservation to throw new light on the myth of origins. It is a profound and moving novel about where we come from, what we make of ourselves, and how we are loved.
The Fatherless and the Widow in the Deuteronomic Covenant
Young samurai. [1] :The way of the warrior
Crossing California
The innkeeper's daughter
Pretty bad things
The Burgess boys : a novel
The ring of earth
A medal for Leroy
