http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12415 social perception
social perception
Impact of height on assessments of Finnish female job applicants' managerial abilities
Social Perception and Social Reality contests the received wisdom in the field of social psychology that suggests that social perception and judgment are generally flawed, biased, and powerfully self-fulfilling. Jussim reviews a wealth of real world, survey, and experimental data collected over the last century to show that in fact, social psychological research consistently demonstrates that biases and self-fulfilling prophecies are generally weak, fragile, and fleeting. Furthermore, research in the social sciences has shown stereotypes to be accurate. Jussim overturns the received wisdom concerning social perception in several ways. He critically reviews studies that are highly cited darlings of the bias conclusion and shows how these studies demonstrate far more accuracy than bias, or are not replicable in subsequent research. Studies of equal or higher quality, which have been replicated consistently, are shown to demonstrate high accuracy, low bias, or both. The book is peppered with discussions suggesting that theoretical and political blinders have led to an odd state of affairs in which the flawed or misinterpreted bias studies receive a great deal of attention, while stronger and more replicable accuracy studies receive relatively little attention. In addition, the author presents both personal and real world examples (such as stock market prices, sporting events, and political elections) that routinely undermine heavy-handed emphases on error and bias, but are generally indicative of high levels of rationality and accuracy.
Interactive minds : life-span perspectives on the social foundation of cognition
Perspectivism in social psychology : the yin and yang of scientific progress
Social cognition : the Ontario symposium. 1
Social construction : a reader
Navigating the social world requires sophisticated cognitive machinery that, although present quite early in crude forms undergoes significant change across the lifespan. This book reports on evidence that has accumulated on an unprecedented scale, showing us what capacities for social cognition are present at birth and early in life, and how these capacities develop through learning in the first years of life.
Social perception from individuals to groups
Stereotypes and stereotyping
Face and gaze processing in children with autism
Interpersonal perception : a theory and a method of research
Perspectives on socially shared cognition
Brain mechanisms underlying perception of naturalistic social events
Spatial cognition : foundations and applications : selected papers from Mind III, Annual Conference of the Cognitive Science Society of Ireland, 1998
The growth of reflection in children
Shared reality and false polarization in intergroup perception
Handbook of social cognition. Vol. 1, Basic processes
The self in social judgment
Credit and blame
Situational analysis : an observational approach to introductory sociology
Stereotypes and prejudice : essential readings
Social representations and communicative processes
Handbook of social cognition. Vol. 2, Applications
The Oxford handbook of emotion, social cognition, and problem solving in adulthood
Social perception and social reality : why accuracy dominates bias and self-fulfilling prophecy
Measurement and meanings : techniques and methods of studying occupational cognition
Personality, cognition, and social interaction
Social perception and cognition : processing of gestures, postures and facial expressions in the human brain
The perception of people : integrating cognition and culture
Categorical perception : the groundwork of cognition
Lay epistemics and human knowledge : cognitive and motivational bases
Knowledge goes pop : from conspiracy theory to gossip
Social representations and the development of knowledge
Everyday understanding : social and scientific implications
The psychology of the social
Folk physics for apes : the chimpanzee's theory of how the world works
Living control systems III : the fact of control
The relationship between social and cognitive development
Stereotypes and social cognition
Children's knowledge, beliefs, and feelings about nations and national groups
Social cognition and aging
Over the last decade, the field of socio-emotional development and aging has rapidly expanded, with many new theories and empirical findings emerging. This trend is consistent with the broader movement in psychology to consider social, motivational, and emotional influences on cognition and behavior. The Oxford Handbook of Emotion, Social Cognition, and Problem Solving in Adulthood provides the first overview of a new field of adult development that has emerged out of conceptualizations and research at the intersections between socioemotional development, social cognition, emotion, coping, and everyday problem solving. This field roundly rejects a universal deficit model of aging, highlighting instead the dynamic nature of socio-emotional development and the differentiation of individual trajectories of development as a function of variation in contextual and experiential influences. It emphasizes the need for a cross-level examination (from biology and neuroscience to cognitive and social psychology) of the determinants of emotional and socio-emotional behavior. This volume also serves as a tribute to the late Fredda Blanchard-Fields, whose thinking and empirical research contributed extensively to a life-span developmental view of emotion, problem solving, and social cognition. Its chapters cover multiple aspects of adulthood and aging, presenting developmental perspectives on emotion; antecedents and consequences of emotion in context; everyday problem solving; social cognition; goals and goal-related behaviors; and wisdom. The landmark volume in this new field, The Oxford Handbook of Emotion, Social Cognition, and Problem Solving in Adulthood is an important resource for cognitive, developmental, and social psychologists, as well as researchers and graduate students in the field of aging, emotion studies, and social psychology.
Attribution theory : an organizational perspective
Social cognition and schizophrenia
The psychology of control
Social comprehension and judgment : the role of situation models, narratives, and implicit theories
The perceived self : ecological and interpersonal sources of self-knowledge
Children's understanding of society
Spatial abilities : development and physiological foundations
Everyday discourse and common sense : the theory of social representations
Social cognition and communication
First impressions of non-verbal behaviour: inter-observer agreement, perceived cues, and psychomotor determinants of imperessions
Attention in a social world
Other minds : how humans bridge the divide between self and others
Social foundations of thought and action : a social cognitive theory
Lay theories : everyday understanding of problems in the social sciences
Social cognitive development : frontiers and possible futures
Social cognition : key readings
Frame analysis : an essay on the organization of experience
The emergence of social cognition in three young chimpanzees
This volume focuses on social perception, the processing of information about people. This issue has always been central to social psychology, but this book brings together literatures that in large part have been separated by the nature of the social target that is involved. Historically, research on person perception developed quite independently from research involving perceptions of groups. Whereas the former research generally focused on the cognitive processes involved in forming impressions of individuals, research on group perception examined the content of stereotypes and the conditions under which they are used in social judgment. There was been little overlap in the theories and methods of these subfields, and different researchers were central in each. The chapters in this book highlight research and theorizing about social perception, exploring the processes involved in social perception from persons to groups. Some chapters describe work that was originally developed in person perception but is being extended to understanding groups. Other chapters illustrate how some processes studied in the domain of stereotyping also affect perceptions of individual persons. Finally, other chapters focus on variables that affect perceptions and judgments of both individuals and groups, proving opportunities for greater recognition of the common set of factors that are central to all types of social perception. This groundbreaking book highlights the research contributions of David L. Hamilton, whose research has played a central role in uniting these previously independent areas of research. It provides essential reading for upper-level courses on social cognition or social perception and could also serve as an auxiliary text in courses on interpersonal perception/relations and courses on stereotyping/intergroup relations. --Provided by publisher.
Social cognition : understanding self and others
The development of social cognition : the child as psychologist
No one understands you and what to do about it
Social psychology
Stereotyping and prejudice
Social identity and social cognition
Representations of the social : bridging theoretical traditions
Action, perception and the brain : adaptation and cephalic expression
Behavior : the control of perception
Vital lies, simple truths : the psychology of self-deception
The analysis of social skill
Student perceptions in the classroom
The scope and limits of implicit visual change detection
Handbook of prejudice, stereotyping, and discrimination
Handbook of implicit social cognition : measurement, theory, and applications
The development of social cognition
People watching : social perceptual, and neurophysiological studies of body perception
"Have you ever had the feeling that you're just not getting through to the person you're talking with, or coming across the way you intend to? You're not alone. Our usual approach is to just talk louder, to try harder to get our message through. This is almost always the wrong approach. Why? Because other people almost never see us the way we see ourselves. Fortunately, these distortions in perception are systematic, understandable, and surmountable. Heidi Grant Halvorson, bestselling author of Nine Things Successful People Do Differently and Focus, now shows you how to communicate effectively-despite these unintentional (yet widespread) distortions of perception. By better understanding how communication and perception really work, you'll learn to send the right signals at the right time, no matter who you're communicating with"--
Social cognition : how individuals construct social reality
Group dynamics and emotional expression
Person perception
Social problems : constructionist readings
Social cognition : an integrated introduction
Interpersonal perception : a social relations analysis
Interpersonal perception
Social cognition : making sense of people
Navigating the social world : what infants, children, and other species can teach us
Language and social cognition : expression of the social mind
The social structure of attention
The Oxford handbook of social cognition
Subliminal : how your unconscious mind rules your behavior
Perceiving others : the psychology of interpersonal percepton
Entangled : an archaeology of the relationships between humans and things
Making social worlds : a communication perspective
Sensitivity to people
The psychology of interpersonal perception
Reputation, image and impression management
