http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1240 vegetables
vegetables
Vegetable as sources of vitamin K in Finland
Nourishing noodles : spiralize nearly 100 plant-based recipes for zoodles, ribbons, and vegetable spirals
Salads for small gardens
Cultivated, semi cultivated and wild leaf vegetables used in Zambia : a pilot investigation for the regional SADCC genebank programme : a minor field study
Field experiments were conducted to evaluate the effect of an unfortified extract, of Ascophyllum nodosum on yield and nutritional quality of two broccoli cultivars ("Ironman" and "Red Admiral"). Total phenolic, total flavonoid, and total isothiocyanates content were higher in all seaweed treatments compared to the untreated control. In "Ironman" there was a 2.2 fold increase in total phenolic, 1.5 fold in total flavonoid and 2.6 fold in total isothiocyanates content, in the higher application rate compared to the control. Similarly in "Red Admiral", there was a 2.3 fold increase in total phenolic, 2.6 fold in total flavonoid and, 2.2 fold in total isothiocyanates content. There was a consistent effect on the increase of total phenolic, total flavonoid and total isothiocyanates content, while there was no yield increase recorded at the lower seaweed application rate. Results suggest that application of seaweed extracts can significantly increase the amount of phytochemicals and improve the nutritional quality of broccoli.
Proceedings of the First International Symposium on Root and Tuber Crops 'Food Down Under' : Palmerston North, New Zealand, February 9-12, 2004
Broiled meats, chicken, fish, and vegetables
Development of enhanced analytical methodology in pesticide chemistry
Barry Ballister's fruit and vegetable stand : a complete guide to the selection, preparation and nutrition of fresh produce
The French market cookbook : vegetarian recipes from my Parisian kitchen
Unusual vegetables : by Erma Harvey James
Disease management of fruits and vegetables. 1 : Fruit and vegetable diseases
Fruits and vegetables in West Africa
The green home organic crops in pots : how to grow your own vegatagles, fruits and herbs
The edible balcony : growing fresh produce in the heart of the city
The fair lady cookbook
The ultimate guide to growing your own food : save money, live better, and enjoy life with food from your garden or orchard
The garden variety cookbook : more than 500 vegetable and fruit recipes for nonvegetarians
Stephanie Alexander's kitchen garden companion
The use of mineral salt, herbs and spices in combination with isolated lactic acid bacteria strains in sauerkraut fermentation was studied. Mineral salt differs from ordinary salt because NaCl is partially replaced by KCl. The mineral salt contains 28% KCl and 57% NaCl. The final NaCl content in the sliced white cabbage mixture was 0.5%. In approximately 20 hours the pH dropped to the desired level. All the pressed sauerkraut juices had a good microbiological quality. The sensory quality of all pressed juices was found to be either good or acceptable.
Gynandropsis gynandra (L.) Briq. - a tropical leafy vegetable : its cultivation and utilization
The art and science of culinary preparation : a culinarian's manual
Association between amount and source of dietary protein intake with bone mineral density among elderly women
Vegetable dishes : second supplement to the fifth edition of McCance and Widdowson's the composition of foods
Superfoods from the garden : grow it, cook it and achieve the best health ever
A passion for vegetables
Art of preserving
The jam and marmalade bible : a complete guide to preserving
Bistro Laurent Tourondel : new American bistro cooking
Determination of phylloquinone and menaquinones in foods by HPLC
Postharvest physiology and pathology of vegetables
Food habits and related biomarkers in Pitkäranta, Russia, and North Karelia, Finland : trends and educational differences, 1992-2007
The curious gardener
The aim of this study is to present the light emitting diode (LED) technology for greenhouse plant lighting and to give an overview about LED light effects on photosynthetic indices, growth, yield and nutritional value in green vegetables and tomato, cucumber, sweet pepper transplants. The sole LED lighting, applied in closed growth chambers, as well as combinations of LED wavelengths with conventional light sources, fluorescent and high pressure sodium lamp light, and natural illumination in greenhouses are overviewed. Red and blue light are basal in the lighting spectra for green vegetables and tomato, cucumber, and pepper transplants; far red light, important for photomorphogenetic processes in plants also results in growth promotion. However, theoretically unprofitable spectral parts as green or yellow also have significant physiological effects on investigated plants. Presented results disclose the variability of light spectral effects on different plant species and different physiological indices.
Growing asparagus in the home garden
Business plan for importing thai vegetables and fruits
Vegetable cooking of all nations
Genetic improvement of vegetable crops
The agile rabbit visual dictionary of vegetables
Great salads and vegetables
Diseases of vegetables : Cucurbits, garlic, lettuce, onion, tomato
Five : 150 effortless ways to eat 5+ fruit and veg a day
A concept for capturing fruit flies in domestic homes
Damping-off on herbaceous vegetables and ornamental plants grown under glass in Finland
How to grow fruits, vegetables & houseplants without soil : the secrets of hydroponic gardening revealed
A bibliography of Rhubarb and Rheum species
1st International symposium on diversification of vegetable crops = 1er Symposium international sur la diversification des productions légumièrs
The Gourmet gardener : everything you need to know to grow and prepare the very finest of flowers, fruits and vegetables
Postharvest : an introduction to the physiology and handling of fruit and vegetables
There's broccoli in my ice cream!
Exporting fruits and vegetables from Vietnam to Japan : Current state and suggestions for improvement
Viability of Lactobacillus paraplantarum DSM 14485 in human gastrointestinal tract and its molecular and biochemical identification after fermented vegetable consumption
Veggie Tales bible storybook : with scripture from the NIrV
"Be your own kitchen doctor! Adriana Ayales grew up near the rainforest, where her grandmother set her on the path to herbal healing. Now she runs one of Brooklyn’s most popular juice bars--and she's also deeply knowledgeable about the rainforest's fruits, botanicals, and other exotic ingredients. With this guide she passes on her knowledge of ethnobotanical customs, soul cleansing, and therapeutic cooking.  Ayales explores the role of superfoods and superherbs and presents traditional recipes that embody ancient ways--including medicinal juicing for relaxation and rejuvenation, next-level cleansing, and infusions and teas to nourish body and soul. Enjoy a Cacao & Reishi Energy Elixir, make herbal extracts, learn cold-pressing techniques, and whip up a headache cure. These special, sometimes sacred formulas will help empower your life with vibrant creativity,"--Amazon.com.
Peppers : a story of hot pursuits
The blender girl : super-easy, super-healthy meals, snacks, desserts &​ drinks
7th International asparagus symposium, Ferrara, Italy, June 19-23, 1989
Fruit & vegetable quality : an integrated view
Materials Management and Development : Case: Famifarm Oy
2nd International symposium on processing tomatoes : 22nd Internationalhorticultural congress, Davis, California, USA, August 18-19, 1986
The Complete Encyclopedia of Vegetables and vegetarian cooking
Vegetable diseases and their control
Color atlas of postharvest quality of fruits and vegetables
Sauerkraut and sauerkraut juice fermented spontaneously using mineral salt, garlic and algae
The gardener & the grill : the bounty of the garden meets the sizzle of the grill
The book of whole meals : a seasonal guide to assembling balanced vegetarian breakfasts, lunches & dinners
High-performance liquid chromatography of cereal and legume proteins
Step-by-step vegetable cookbook
Super Juice Me! : 28-Day Juice Plan
Postharvest physiology of vegetables
Proceedings of Ist International Symposium on Sustainable Vegetable Production in Southeast Asia : Salatiga, Indonesia, March 14-17, 2011
Enhancement of phenolic and flavonoid compounds in cabbage (Brassica oleraceae) following application of commercial seaweed extracts of the brown seaweed, (Ascophyllum nodosum)
Onions, onions, onions
Controlled water use is an important component of sustainable fresh-cut vegetable production because of limited water resources, and also for controlling the quality of wastewater re-used in vegetable processing or for irrigating on fields. In our study the water consumption in vegetable processing plants varied from 1.5 to 5.0 m3 t-1 of finished product. In one plant, monitored over three years, almost 90% of water was used for washing and rinsing of vegetables, but more than 90% of the organic load of the wastewater was generated from the processing stage. The results including organic load and the microbial quality of the wastewaters showed that the wastewater should be treated beforere-use.Separate treating of wastewaters from processing stage is recommended.  Pre-treatment of wastewater using precipitation chemicals and sedimentation in basins decreased the organic load and total solids in the water, allowing further treatment of the waters.
Growing your own vegetables made easy
Troggle the troll
International symposium on Diptera pests in vegetable crops, Skierniewice, Poland 1-6 June, 1987
Proceedings of the Eurasian Symposium on Vegetables and Greens : Yerevan, Armenia, October 16-20, 2012
The big red book of tomatoes
The oxalate content of beetroot, carrot, celeriac and parsnip after freezing by traditional and modified methods (the latter resulting in a convenience food product), and after the preparation of frozen products for consumption was evaluated. The highest content of total and soluble oxalates (105 and 82 mg 100 g-1 fresh matter) was found in beetroot. The lowest proportion (55%) of soluble oxalates was noted in celeriac; this proportion was higher in the remaining vegetables, being broadly similar for each of them. Blanching brought about a significant decrease in total and soluble oxalates in fresh vegetables. Cooking resulted in a higher loss of oxalates. The level of oxalates in products prepared for consumption directly after freezing approximated that before freezing. Compared with the content before freezing, vegetables prepared for consumption by cooking after frozen storage contained less oxalates, except for total oxalates in parsnip and soluble oxalates in beetroot and celeriac. The highest ratio of oxalates to calcium was found in raw beetroot; it was two times lower in raw carrot; five times lower in raw celeriac; and eight times lower in raw parsnip. These ratios were lower after technological and culinary processing. The percentage of oxalate bound calcium depended on the species; this parameter was not significantly affected by the procedures applied. The true retention of oxalates according to Judprasong et al. (2006) was lower than retention calculated taking its content in 100 g fresh matter into account.
Produce handling, packaging and distribution
Water consumption and wastewaters in fresh-cut vegetable production
Effect on yield, total phenolic, total flavonoid and total isothiocyanate content of two broccoli cultivars (Brassica oleraceae var italica) following the application of a commercial brown seaweed extract (Ascophyllum nodosum)
The great vegetable plot : delicious varieties to grow and eat
Domestic preservation of fruit and vegetables
Fancy fruits and extraordinary vegetables : a guide to selecting, storing & preparing
Straw Bale Gardens Complete : Breakthrough vegetable gardening method
Vegetable research and development in SADCC countries : proceedings of a workshop held at Arusha, Tanzania, 9-13 July 1990
Growing vegetable transplants in plug trays
Effect of processing and cooking on total and soluble oxalate content in frozen root vegetables prepared for consumption
The culture of vegatables and flowers from seeds and roots
Fresh in autumn : cooking with Alastair Hendy
Beloved ChocolateAndZucchini.com food blogger Clotilde Dusoulier is not a vegetarian. But she has, like many of us, chosen to eat less meat and fish, and is always looking for new ways to cook what looks best at the market. In The French Market Cookbook, she takes us through the seasons in 82 recipes - and explores the love story between French cuisine and vegetables. Choosing what's ripe and in season means Clotilde does not rely heavily on the cheese, cream, and pastas that often overpopulate vegetarian recipes. Instead she lets the bright flavors of the vegetables shine through
A combined infrared/heat pump drying technology applied to a rotary dryer
The Juice lady's big book of juices and green smoothies: more than 400 simple, delicious recipes!
Naturally occuring antitumourigens. 1, Plant phenols
Cucumis sativus L., Didymella bryoniae (auersw.) rehm : host-parasite interactions
200 veg-growing basics
Vegetables, whole grains, and their derivatives in cancer prevention
The pepper harvest cookbook
Sutton's amateur's guide : in horticulture and general garden seed catalogue for 1939.
Influence of storage conditions on vitamin C content of white cabbage
Grow your own vegetables in pots and containers
Preliminary studies on using LAB strains isolated from spontaneous sauerkraut fermentation in combination with mineral salt, herbs and spices in sauerkraut and sauerkraut juice fermentations
Onion without tears : cooking with onions & shallots, garlic, leeks
Mobile precooler for fruits and vegetables = Prérefroidisseur mobile pour fruits et légumes
Vegetable production training manual
Growing your own fruit and vegetarian for dummies
The edible container garden : fresh food from tiny spaces
Proceedings of the International Symposium on Vegetable Production, Quality and Process Standardization in Chain : a Worldwide Perspective, Beijing, China, October 14-17, 2008
Feast your eyes : the unexpected beaty of vegetable gardens
Veg : the greengrocer's cookbook
Advances in vegetable breeding : a proceedings of the XXVI International Horticultural Congress : Toronto, Canada, 11-17 August 2002
Thug kitchen : eat like you give a f**k
Vegetables : the new food heroes
The use of mineral salt in natural fermentation of white cabbage into sauerkraut and sauerkraut juice, in order to evaluate whether the amount of NaCl could be lowered, was studied. Mineral salt differs from ordinary salt because NaCl is partially replaced by KCl. In the fermentations mineral salt was used in various amounts (0.8-1.5%) and in combination with garlic and algae. The final NaCl concentrations in these fermentation trials were 0.5-0.9%. Fermentations were also carried out with cabbage sliced to different degrees. The sauerkraut juice fermented by using 0.8% mineral salt (0.5% NaCl) was found to have the best sensory quality. The yield of sauerkraut juice increased as the coarseness of the cabbage mix decreased.
Tomates = Tomatoes
Use of inoculated lactic acid bacteria in fermenting sour cabbage
Radiation-induced sprout and growth inhibition in vegetables with special reference to the susceptibility to microbial attacks and the effect of calcium
The organic fruit and vegetable gardener's year : a seasonal guide to growing what you eat
Cornucopia : the lore of fruits & vegetables
Effect of phosphorus fertilization on yield of African leafy vegetables : a case study on leafy amaranths and African nightshades
The new supergardener
Controlled atmosphere storage of fruits and vegetables
Commercial cultivars and farmers' access to crop diversity: a case study from the Nordic region
New encyclopedia of gardening techniques
Fruit and vegetable processing
Healing tonics : next-level juices, smoothies, and elixers for health and wellness
The purpose of this thesis is to learn how to develop the import business of Thai  vegetables and fruits. The business idea came to the author's mind last summer after  visiting Thailand. She became interested and wanted to turn her idea into a reality.  Business plan writing is a useful step to realize whether her business idea is feasible.  It helps her think carefully in every aspect of the import business. Therefore, the  main objective of this thesis is to create a business plan.  The report is divided into two main parts: theoretical and empirical. The theoretical  part presents information about business plan that the author collected from  secondary sources, mainly books from school's library, e-books and articles on  Internet. This part of report explains about business plan, what it means, how many  types there are, what kind of key elements it has and what mistakes people make  when writing it.  In the empirical part, the qualitative semi-structure interview with Thai grocery  storeowners was conducted to gather primary information for developing the  business plan. The aim of the interview was to identify the competitors and  competitive advantages of this business as well as the suitable marketing tools. The business plan for importing Thai vegetables and fruits consists of 9 key elements,  which are executive summary, business description, products and services, market  analysis, marketing plan, operation plan, management team, financial plan and  critical risk factors.  The result from the research showed that the business idea for importing Thai  vegetables and fruits to Finland is realistic and could make profits for the owner.  However, starting up this business would not be easy. Before it could happen, the  author would need to study more about the import procedure and find out about  requirements in customs clearance. For example, there are a lot of customs product  codes and international trade documents that needs to be learnt. Furthermore,  sufficient amount of orders is required for the first import in order to have liquidity in  this business. This could be quite challenging for the author.
The veggie gardener's answer book : solutions to every problem you'll ever face, answers to every question you'll ever ask
Agricultural diversification is one way of meeting the future challenges associated with climate change and population growth, making farmers' access to a diversity of high-yielding, good quality cultivars critical. In this paper we provide an overview of the seed system in the Nordic region from the 1950 to the present. The emphasis  is on breeding businesses and their production of cultivars. Key primary sources have been the national variety lists, other written sources on plant breeding, and a survey. We document how enterprises have merged and how this consolidation process has affected the production of new cultivars and led to an emphasis on major crops, resulting in the abandonment of breeding activities for several other crops. The results are discussed in relation to structures and in the broader context of agrobiodiversity issues in peripheral regions of the world.
Proceedings of the IVth International Conference Postharvest Unlimited 2011 : Leavenworth, Washington, USA, May 22-26, 2011
Brassica crops are rich is phytochemical compounds and frequent consumption of these vegetables has been associated with a lower risk in cancer, heart disease, hypertension and stroke. The effect of three commercial extracts of the brown seaweed, Ascophyllum nodosum, on phytochemical content and yield in cabbage plants was tested under field conditions in two consecutive crops. Total phenolic content was higher in all seaweed treated plants, with the highest increase recorded with AlgaeGreenTM (3.5 l ha-1) with a 2 fold increase relative to the control. The other commercial seaweed extract, XT achieved a lower increases of 1.3 fold (3.5 l ha-1). Similar increases were recorded in total flavonoid content. No statistically significant increases in yield were recorded with any of the seaweed extracts tested. The results suggest that seaweed extracts stimulated an increased accumulation of phytochemicals in cabbage but had no significant effect in yield under these experimental conditions.
The effects of light-emitting diode lighting on greenhouse plant growth and quality
The giant carrot
The reboot with Joe juice diet : lose weight, get healthy and feel amazing
Peppers as a commercial crop
More food from small spaces : growing denser, deeper, higher, longer gardens
Salt sugar smoke : how to preserve fruit, vegetables, meat and fish
The pocket vegetable expert
Proceedings of the International Symposium on the Socio-Economic Impact of Modern Vegetable Production Technology in Tropical Asia : Chiang Mai, Thailand, February 3-6, 2008
Green juice book : over 50 nutrition-packed all-green blends, with every recipe photographed
Nutrient solution aeration and growing cycles affect quality and yield of fresh-cut baby leaf red lettuce
Fruit and vegetable products : determination of soluble solids : refractometric method
Pesticide residue monitoring in Finland - 2008 : fruit, vegetables and cereals
In this study the viability of a potentially probiotic Lactobacillus paraplantarum DSM 14485 in the intestinal tract of 22 healthy test subjects was qualitatively assessed in a randomised double blinded cross-over study design lasting 2 x 4 weeks (interventions I and II) with a 4-week washout period. The subjects were given in their diet either spontaneously fermented vegetables (SF) or vegetables fermented by starter bacteria which contained  Lb. paraplantarum DSM 14485 (P). The numbers of lactic acid bacteria (LAB) in fecal samples were at the level of 10⁵ cfu g⁻¹ in both groups. The presence of Lb. paraplantarum DSM 14485 was confirmed by biochemical and molecular methods. We were able to show that Lb. paraplantarum DSM 14485, isolated from spontaneously fermented cucumbers, was viable in the intestine of ten test subjects after taking P-diet when the numbers of LAB were sufficiently high in the product.
199 things to eat
The Business Plan : Organic Farm in Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam
Fertilizer value of urine in pumpkin (Cucurbita maxima L.) cultivation
Phytochemistry of fruit and vegetables
101 ideas for veg from small spaces : delicious crops from tiny crops
Diagnosis of mineral disorders in plants. Vol. 3, Glasshouse crops
Indian vegetarian cookery
Produce : a fruit and vegetable lover's guide
The protection of leaf vegetables, January 1979 - April 1988 : citations from AGRICOLA concerning diseases and other environmental considerations
Compendium of umbelliferous crop diseases
Yield and quality of vegetables fertilized with human urine and wood ash
Acute and subchronic phytotoxicity of volatile fatty acids (VFAs)
The vegetable growing business
Food quality modelling : proceedings of the COST 915 - Copernicus CIPA-CT94-0120 workshop, 4 to 6 june 1997 Leuwen, Belgium
Fresh in winter : cooking with Alastair Hendy
The objective of this research was to study the effects of nutrient solution aeration [no aeration (NA), low aeration (LA) or high aeration (HA)] and growing cycle (autumn, winter and summer) on the yield, quality, and shelf life of red lettuce as a fresh-cut product grown in a floating system. The specific leaf area, yield and root diameter were affected by the growing cycle. The percentage of dry matter and the nitrate content were affected by growing cycle and aeration, total phenolics and mesophilic microorganism by aeration and storage time, hue angle and chromacity by growing cycle and storage time, and antioxidant capacity, vitamin C, lightness and psychrophilic microorganisms were affected by all three factors. NA conditions increased the antioxidant capacity in summer and vitamin C content in winter. The lowest mesophilic and psychrophilic count was observed in autumn. The effect of aeration on most of the quality parameters measured was influenced by the growing cycle.
The inspired vegetarian : creative ideas for natural, healthy eating
The meat free monday cookbook
Detox drinks with juice fasting detoxification & fat burning smoothies : 30 fat burning & detoxification recipes & superfoods like vitality boosting beet juice, apple cider vinegar, wheatgrass, coconut water, ginger root, kefir, cacao, beta carotene & more
The World encyclopedia of vegetables
What's cooking potatoes
Handbook of food and beverage fermentation technology
On the farm
The river cottage veg patch handbook
Mediterranean cookbook : fresh, fast and easy recipes
Proceedings of the XIIth International Asparagus Symposium : Lima, Peru, October 29-November 1, 2009
Fruit and vegetables : production, trade and policies in Europe 1947-1951
