http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12425 sport diving
sport diving
Best dive sites of the world
Advanced sport diving
Exploring motivational states in an international sample of competitive springboard and platform divers
The New Zealand adventure guide
Special interest tourism
Top dive sites of the Indian Ocean : [95 of the Indian Ocean's most exciting and challenging dive sites]
Exercise physiology : nutrition, energy and human performance
Wonders of the reef : diving with a camera
In search for Avanto : a collection for the cold-water scuba divers with an infrared heating system
On the English terminology of underwater diving
Exercise physiology : nutrition, energy, and human performance
Sport diving : the British Sub-Aqua Club diving manual
Shipwreck diving : a complete diver's handbook to mastering the skills of wreck diving
Adventure tourism management
A Market research on Diving Business in St. Petersburg, Russia : focus on Technical Diving and Deep Diving Lamps
Top dive sites of the world
"Setting the standard for more than 30 years, Exercise Physiology has helped more than 350,000 students build a solid foundation in the scientific principles underlying modern exercise physiology. This Eighth Edition is updated with the latest research in the field to give you easy-to-understand, up-to-date coverage of how nutrition, energy transfer, and exercise training affect human performance. Get quick access to the resources available to help you master each section of the text with "Ancillaries at a Glance." Maximize your study time with the book's vibrant, "magazine style" design that makes the content more engaging and accessible and key information easier to find. Reinforce your understanding with Chapter Objectives, Integrative Questions that pose open-ended questions for reflection on complex concepts, and FYI sections that offer "good to know" information. Gain an understanding of how researchers contribute to our knowledge of exercise physiology through engaging section-opening interviews with key figures in the field. Learn how theoretical concepts relate to practical skills through "In a Practical Sense" features. Access the most relevant current information in the field through figures and tables that clarify important concepts and information. Gain an understanding of the past, present, and future of the profession through coverage of important milestones and future directions in the field. Visit the free companion website for anywhere, anytime access to over 30 animations of key exercise physiology concepts, the book's complete list of references, and more"--Provided by publisher.
The scuba diving handbook : the complete guide to safe and exciting scuba diving
Water-based tourism, sport, leisure and recreation experiences
The dive sites of Malta, Comino and Gozo
Exercise physiology : energy, nutrition, and human performance
Dive atlas of the world : an illustrated reference to the best sites
Into the depth's : Benemec's future looks promising
Safety and rescue for divers
Dive to adventure  : exploring the world's best known wrecks
Freediving
The ultimate encyclopedia of extreme sports
Abstract:.
Undercurrents : episodes from a life on the edge
LEARN TO SCUBA DIVE IN A WEEKEND
Diving science
Sinai diving guide. Volume 1 : Tiran - Sharm el-Sheikh - Ras Mohammed - Gubal - Dahab
The dive sites of Thailand
Extreme sports : the illustrated guide to maximum adrenalin thrills
Diving to success with Suunto diving computers
The dive sites of the bahamas
Deep : freediving, renegade science, and what the ocean tells us about ourselves
Scuba diving tourism
