http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12408 industrial buildings
industrial buildings
Identity and factories : the modern dilemma
NEW TECHNOLOGIES IN CONSTRUCTING CONCRETE STRUCTURES
Mobile solutions and the construction industry : is it a working combination?
Lofts : living, working, and trading in a loft
The Vehmaa rapakivi granite batholith in southwestern Finland : the production area for Balmoral Red granites
Reusing the industrial past by the Tammerkoski rapids : discussions on the value of industrial heritage
"This book provides a critical interpretation of the rich and unique architectural patrimony in Ivrea, a small city in North-West Italy that is the home of Olivetti, the typewriter manufacturing company famous throughout the world. As a guide to the open air Museum of modern architecture in Ivrea (Maam-Ivrea), the text describes the events resulting from Adriano Olivetti and the Olivetti company's commitment to architecture and town planning from the 1930's until the modern day. From the mid-1930's, indeed, Olivetti launched a process of renewal of industrial production - making referral to developments and product distribution policies from abroad - that was also linked to the reorganization of the local district and its landscape. In the period after World War II, this process and the publication of a book written by Adriano Olivetti, L'Ordine politico delle comunita (The political order of the communities) had a direct bearing on the organisation of the company and led to the creation of a political movement, the Community Movement." "The book provides the reader with a detailed description of the Olivetti company and the individuals who made its history, of the project to reorganise the district through architecture and town planning schemes, of the image of the company and its products, and of the role played by architecture in the attempt to build a manufacturing community characterised by the integration of production and services."--BOOK JACKET.
Heat and mass transfer analogy studies of binary liquid mixture in comparison with ethanol-n-heptane evaporating to air
Creation of modular log kindergarten for Russian market
The Council for British Archaeology was the first organisation to champion the cause of 'Industrial Archaeology', over 50 years ago. Since the term 'Industrial Archaeology' was first used by the CBA in the late 1950s, the landscape of our industrial towns and cites has changed beyond recognition. Our industrial heritage is all around us, but many of the structures are severely threatened by modern development. This has recently been recognised by English Heritage with the publication of their Industrial Heritage at Risk list. Britain has long been recognised as the cradle of the industrial revolution, and buildings and monuments from industries as diverse as brewing to china clay extraction can be found around the UK. This book considers not only the industries themselves but also the power that drove them, the transport network that distributed the products, and the houses in which the workforce lived. -- Publisher.
Tampere : architectural map guide
Industry, architecture, and engineering
A guide to the industrial archaeology of the Swansea region
Guide to equipment inventories : standards, strategies and best practices
A guide to the industrial archaeology of Gloucestershire
Conservation of the industrial heritage
Air conditioning for video casette recorders
Enhancing value creation of construction projects through early stakeholder involvement and integration
Historic American engineering record catalog. 1976
Vendor managed inventory in wood processing industries : a case study
Hoover Factory : Wallis, Gilbert and partners
Performance of displacement ventilation at Pori Works Ltd
A brief guide to the industrial archaeology of West Yorkshire
Archtecture for industry : architectural design
International journal of construction education and research
Lighting for industry and security : a handbook for providers and users of lighting
The making and remaking of dismissed industrial sites
Changing perceptions of industrial architecture in 1770-1940
Transition from an industrial building into a music center : the spirit of it
Corporate architecture in Finland in the 1940s and 1950 : factory building as architecture, investment and image
Timber construction for trade, industry, administration : basics and projects
Industrial heritage in Denmark : landscape, environments and historical archaeology
Safety research project of a large chemical plant
Design of blast-resistant buildings in petrochemical facilities
Industrial heritage re-tooled : the TICCIH guide to industrial heritage conservation
Lofts design source
Food manufacturing has evolved over the centuries from kitchen industries to modern, sophisticated production operations. A typical food factory includes the food processing and packaging lines, the buildings and exterior landscaping, and the utility-supply and waste-treatment facilities. As a single individual is unlikely to possess all the necessary skills required to facilitate the design, the task will undoubtedly be undertaken by an interdisciplinary team employing a holistic approach based on a knowledge of the natural and biological sciences, most engineering disciplines, and relevant legislation. In addition, every successful project requires a competent project manager to ensure that all tasks are completed on time and within budget. This Handbook attempts to compress comprehensive, up-to-date coverage of these areas into a single volume. The multi-disciplinary nature of the subject matter should facilitate more informed communication between individual specialists on the team. It should also provide useful background information on food factory design for a wider range of professionals with a more peripheral interest in the subject: for example, process plant suppliers, contractors, HSE specialists, retailers, consultants, and financial institutions. Finally, it is hoped that it will also prove to be a valuable reference for students and instructors in the areas of food technology, chemical engineering, and mechanical engineering, in particular.
Pennsylvania in public memory : reclaiming the industrial past
Integrated Multichannel Customer Service Plan For Stark
Ullmann's chemical engineering and plant design
Perspectives on industrial archaeology
Industrial Britain : an architectural history
Valio/Vaaralan laitokset = Valio/Vaarala plant cheese packaging and processed cheese factory
Industrial ruins : spaces, aesthetics and materiality
UNESCO world heritage sites in Finland
Lietuvos kulturos paveldo atgimimas = Revival of Lithuanian cultural heritage
Environmental legislation and regulations of shipbuilding : case Finland and Spain
Georgian London
Les Moulins de la Meuse, Namur : patrimoine et création en Wallonie : patrimonium en creatie in Wallonië : heritage and creativity in Wallonia
Space, hope and brutalism : English architecture, 1945-1975
Olivetti builds : modern architecture in Ivrea : guide to the Open Air Museum
The Hanko granite : a foundation stone for the Finnish stone industry
Fagus : Walter Gropius and the factory for modernity
Improving Performance of Construction Projects
in the UAE:multi cultural and decent work perspectives
Cotton mills in Greater Manchester
Buildings for Industry. Vol. 1, Plans, Structures and Details
Industrial archeology : a new look at the American heritage
Echoes of forgotten places : urban exploration, industral archaeology and the aesthetics of decay
Industrial archaeology : a handbook
Modern architecture serving modern production
Market Research on the Turkish Shipbuilding Industry : case: Koskisen Oy
Industrial ventilation : technical solutions
Modernism and rationalization
Sunila factory and housing area Kotka 1936-1938
Twentyfour7 : Wärtsilä quarterly magazine
Internationaler Kongress für die Erhaltung technischer Denkmäler = International congress on the conservation of industrial monuments : transactions : 2. SICCIM, Bochum 3.-9.9.1975
Lofts & apartments in NYC
Industrial ventilation : design guidebook. Promotion material 1
Industrial'noe nasledie Urala (v fotografiâh) = Industrial heritage of the Ural in photographs
Latvijas industriālā mantojuma ceļvedis = Guide to industrial heritage of Latvia
Sunila pulp mill and housing area as an example of modernism in Finland
A guide to the industrial archaeology of Cumbria
The industrial heritage : the 3rd International Conference on the Conservation of Industrial Monuments, Sweden 30 May - 5 June 1978 : transactions. 1, National reports: Europe expect Scandinavia, North America and Japan
"Looks at sites and events in Pennsylvania to explore the emergence of heritage culture about industry and its loss in America. Traces the shaping of public memory of coal, steel, railroading, lumber, oil, and agriculture, and the story it tells about both local and national identity"--Provided by publisher.
Calculation methods for air supply design in industrial facilities : litterature review
Beauty & utility : Myren Engineering Workshop - a creator of industrial buildings in Norway in the 19. century
Aspects on industrial architecture and engineering
Big shed
Industrial Ventilation Programme Invent : projects, companies, research institutes 1996
Column buckling with restraint from sandwich wall elements
The customer of this project is Kontio company - a Finnish construction company specialized in the creating and building of individual wooden houses and administrative wooden buildings. A big part of their sales come from the Russian market. The goal of this project is creating of modular wooden kindergarten for sale in Russia. Research in the thesis is carried out in two directions. The first of them is an analysis of Russian fire resistance regulations, energy efficiency norms and soundproofing usage rules and also observing laminated wood as main building material for a kindergarten. The second part is design of a building. The drawings and a 3D model of the building were created with ArchCad and AutoCad programs. During the work, three types of modules for the building were designed. One version of the building is shown in the thesis. The plan of the floor, the facades, the sections and a 3D model were designed for this version. The customer company can use these modules in the future to create a building of different sizes and forms.
Heating system based on heat pump technology for water treatment plant
The industrial heritage : transaction. Vol. 3
Industrial fire protection engineering
Trukkitalli Østfoldin tavara-asemalla, Rolvsöy, Norja = Truck garage at Østfols goods depot
Lofts : living in space
The multidimensional facility layout problem : a hierarchical model and solution method
Market Analysis of Environmentally Friendly Celulose Insulation Material in the Construction Business in Srinagar, India
The Uusikaupunki granite : a corner stone in the Finnish national romantic architecture of the early 20th century
Surveying historic buildings
Seminar presentations, January 1996, Helsinki
Stages in Norwgian hydpropower plant architecture
Small lofts
Ventilation and air-conditioning of electrical equipment rooms : handbook of Industrial Air Technology Applications
Works
The industrial heritage : transaction. Vol. 2, Scandinavian reports
Industrial buildings : conservation and regeneration
Handbook of food factory design
RE/architecture : old buildings/new uses
The Colossus of Battersea : a report by SAVE Britain's Heritage
Factories of the imagination
The industrial heritage : managing resources and uses
Human spaces : life-enhancing designs for healing, working and living
Building on knowledge : developing expertise, creativity and intellectual capital in the construction professions
Twentieth century industrial archaeology
Sunila Pulp Mill and residential area
Kaapelitehdas nyt = The cable works now
David Lynch : the factory photographs
Sites and monuments
Lofts
The best on industrial architecture
Ventilation and air-conditioning of electrical equipment rooms : handbook of industrial air technology (DGB) applications : draft manuscript
Industrial Ventilation Programme Invent : projects, companies, research institutes 1993
The Marimekko vision of architecture and interiors
Rehabilitation, an alternative for historic industrial buildings
De Re Industriae 2000 : Finland, Spain, Greece
Space of production : projects and essays on rationality, atmosphere and expression in the industrial building
The gothic revival, industrial architecture and the renaissance revival (The autonomous grand duchy)
The BP book of industrial archaeology
Suomen teollisuuden arkkitehtuuria = Industriarkitektur i Finland = Industrial architecture in Finland
Measurement and prediction for large industrial noise sources
Improving performance of construction projects in the UAE : multi cultural and decent work perspectives
Recycled spaces : converting old buildings into new homes
Plant layout and material handling
Contemporary world architecture
Plant layout and design
Industrial archaeological sites of Britain
Lapinniemen kehräämön saneeraus, Tampere = Renovation of Lapinniemi spinning mill, Tampere
Sound propagation in large factories
Industrial planning, engineering and construction under extreme circumstances. 8th international symposium, Espoo, May 19-23, 1986
Modernism and identity in architecture
Commercial and industrial buildings
Redeveloping industrial sites : a guide for architects, planners and developers
Book of industrial England
The vernacular workshop : from craft to industry, 1400-1900
Factory
Industrial interiors
