http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12498 algebra
algebra
Clifford algebras and potential theory : proceedings of the Summer School held in Mekrijärvi, June 24-28, 2002
Introductory algebra through applications
Fundamental concepts of algebra
Algebra from A to Z. Volume 4
Newnes Mathematics Pocket Book for Engineers
Proving that a polynomial ring in one variable over a field is a principal ideal domain can be done by means of the Euclidean algorithm, but this does not extend to more variables. However, if the variables are not allowed to commute, giving a free associative algebra, then there is a generalization, the weak algorithm, which can be used to prove that all one-sided ideals are free. This book presents the theory of free ideal rings (firs) in detail. Particular emphasis is placed on rings with a weak algorithm, exemplified by free associative algebras. There is also a full account of localization which is treated for general rings but the features arising in firs are given special attention. Each section has a number of exercises, including some open problems, and each chapter ends in a historical note.
Trends in Commutative Algebra
Rational and Nearly Rational Varieties
Torsors, also known as principal bundles or principal homogeneous spaces, are ubiquitous in mathematics. The purpose of this book is to present expository lecture notes and cutting-edge research papers on the theory and applications of torsors and étale homotopy, all written from different perspectives by leading experts. Part one of the book contains lecture notes on recent uses of torsors in geometric invariant theory and representation theory, plus an introduction to the étale homotopy theory of Artin and Mazur. Part two of the book features a milestone paper on the étale homotopy approach to the arithmetic of rational points. Furthermore, the reader will find a collection of research articles on algebraic groups and homogeneous spaces, rational and K3 surfaces, geometric invariant theory, rational points, descent and the Brauer–Manin obstruction. Together, these give a state-of-the-art view of a broad area at the crossroads of number theory and algebraic geometry.
Schaum's outline of review of elementary mathematics
Rings and Factorization
Affine Hecke Algebras and Orthogonal Polynomials
Basic mathematics for grade : algebra and geometry: graphs of basic power and rational functions
SymbolicC++ : an introduction to computer algebra using object-oriented programming
Summing and Nuclear Norms in Banach Space Theory
Introduction to Subfactors
This book provides a careful and detailed algebraic introduction to Grothendieck's local cohomology theory, and provides many illustrations of applications of the theory in commutative algebra and in the geometry of quasi-affine and quasi-projective varieties. Topics covered include Castelnuovo–Mumford regularity, the Fulton–Hansen connectedness theorem for projective varieties, and connections between local cohomology and both reductions of ideals and sheaf cohomology. It is designed for graduate students who have some experience of basic commutative algebra and homological algebra, and also for experts in commutative algebra and algebraic geometry.
Polynomial completeness in algebraic systems
Triangulated Categories in the Representation of Finite Dimensional Algebras
Alex through the looking-glass : how numbers reflect life and life reflects numbers
The elements of algebra in ten books. Vol. 1, containing the five first books
Robust regulation of stable infinite-dimensional systems in the H-infinity algebra
On completeness of contract
Combinatorial and computational algebra : International Conference on Combinatorial and Computational Algebra, May 24-29, 1999, University of Hong Kong SAR, China
Power algebras over semirings : with applications in mathematics and computer science
This book is an introduction to the use of triangulated categories in the study of representations of finite-dimensional algebras. In recent years representation theory has been an area of intense research and the author shows that derived categories of finite-dimensional algebras are a useful tool in studying tilting processes. Results on the structure of derived categories of hereditary algebras are used to investigate Dynkin algebras and interated tilted algebras. The author shows how triangulated categories arise naturally in the study of Frobenius categories. The study of trivial extension algebras and repetitive algebras is then developed using the triangulated structure on the stable category of the algebra's module category. With a comprehensive reference section, algebraists and research students in this field will find this an indispensable account of the theory of finite-dimensional algebras.
A basic course on general algebra
Continuous Semigroups in Banach Algebras
Computer algebra and parallelism
Algebra and Trigonometry with analytic geometry
Solving Polynomial Equation Systems II : Macaulay's Paradigm and Gröbner Technology
Ever since the seminal work of Goppa on algebraic-geometry codes, rational points on algebraic curves over finite fields have been an important research topic for algebraic geometers and coding theorists. The focus in this application of algebraic geometry to coding theory is on algebraic curves over finite fields with many rational points (relative to the genus). Recently, the authors discovered another important application of such curves, namely to the construction of low-discrepancy sequences. These sequences are needed for numerical methods in areas as diverse as computational physics and mathematical finance. This has given additional impetus to the theory of, and the search for, algebraic curves over finite fields with many rational points. This book aims to sum up the theoretical work on algebraic curves over finite fields with many rational points and to discuss the applications of such curves to algebraic coding theory and the construction of low-discrepancy sequences.
Trends in Computer Algebra : International Symposium Bad Neuenahr, May 19–21, 1987 Proceedings
This is the first book on the subject of FPF rings and the systematic use of the notion of the generator of the category mod-R of all right R-modules and its relationship to faithful modules. This carries out the program, explicit of inherent, in the work of G Azumaya, H. Bass, R. Dedekind, S. Endo, I. Kaplansky, K. Morita, T. Nakayama, R. Thrall, and more recently, W. Brandal, R. Pierce, T. Shores, R. and S. Wiegand and P. Vamos, among others.  FPF rings include quasi-Frobenius rings (and thus finite rings over fields), pseudo-Frobenius (PF) rings (and thus injective cogenerator rings), bounded Dedekind prime rings and the following commutative rings; self-injective rings, Prufer rings, all rings over which every finitely generated module decomposes into a direct sum of cyclic modules (=FGC rings), and hence almost maximal valuation rings. Any product (finite or infinite) of commutative or self-basic PFP rings is FPF. A number of important classes of FPF rings are completely characterised including semiprime Neotherian, semiperfect Neotherian, perfect nonsingular prime, regular and self-injective rings. Finite group rings over PF or commutative injective rings are FPF. This work is the culmination of a decade of research and writing by the authors and includes all known theorems on the subject of noncommutative FPF rings. This book will be of interest to professional mathematicians, especially those with an interest in noncommutative ring theory and module theory.
Topological Topics : Articles on Algebra and Topology Presented to Professor P J Hilton in Celebration of his Sixtieth Birthday
Knowledge of an analytic group implies knowledge of its module category. However complete knowledge of the category does not determine the group. Professor Magid shows here that the category determines another, larger group and an algebra of functions in this new group. The new group and its function algebra are completely described; this description thus tells everything that is known when the module category, as a category, is given. This categorical view brings together and highlights the significance of earlier work in this area by several authors, as well as yielding new results. By including many examples and computations Professor Magid has written a complete account of the subject that is accessible to a wide audience. Graduate students and professionals who have some knowledge of algebraic groups, Lie groups and Lie algebras will find this a useful and interesting text.
Hilbert C*-modules are objects like Hilbert spaces, except that the inner product, instead of being complex valued, takes its values in a C*-algebra. The theory of these modules, together with their bounded and unbounded operators, is not only rich and attractive in its own right but forms an infrastructure for some of the most important research topics in operator algebras. This book is based on a series of lectures given by Professor Lance at a summer school at the University of Trondheim. It provides, for the first time, a clear and unified exposition of the main techniques and results in this area, including a substantial amount of new and unpublished material. It will be welcomed as an excellent resource for all graduate students and researchers working in operator algebras.
Algebraic description of high level languages using category theory
Smoothness, Regularity and Complete Intersection
This collection of papers presents a series of in-depth examinations of a variety of advanced topics related to Boolean functions and expressions. The chapters are written by some of the most prominent experts in their respective fields and cover topics ranging from algebra and propositional logic to learning theory, cryptography, computational complexity, electrical engineering, and reliability theory. Beyond the diversity of the questions raised and investigated in different chapters, a remarkable feature of the collection is the common thread created by the fundamental language, concepts, models, and tools provided by Boolean theory. Many readers will be surprised to discover the countless links between seemingly remote topics discussed in various chapters of the book. This text will help them draw on such connections to further their understanding of their own scientific discipline and to explore new avenues for research.
Issues of algebra and optimality in iterative learning control
This volume provides a systematic presentation of the theory of differential tensor algebras and their categories of modules. It involves reduction techniques which have proved to be very useful in the development of representation theory of finite dimensional algebras. The main results obtained with these methods are presented in an elementary and self contained way. The authors provide a fresh point of view of well known facts on tame and wild differential tensor algebras, on tame and wild algebras, and on their modules. But there are also some new results and some new proofs. Their approach presents a formal alternative to the use of bocses (bimodules over categories with coalgebra structure) with underlying additive categories and pull-back reduction constructions. Professional mathematicians working in representation theory and related fields, and graduate students interested in homological algebra will find much of interest in this book.
Module Categories of Analytic Groups
Introduction to commutative algebra
Handbook of algebra. Vol. 4
The unifying theme of this collection of papers by the very creative Russian mathematician I. M. Gelfand and his co-workers is the representation theory of groups and lattices. Two of the papers were inspired by application to theoretical physics; the others are pure mathematics though all the papers will interest mathematicians at quite opposite ends of the subject. Dr. G. Segal and Professor C-M. Ringel have written introductions to the papers which explain the background, put them in perspective and make them accessible to those with no specialist knowledge in the area.
Numerical Ranges II
In this book, Professor Lounesto offers a unique introduction to Clifford algebras and spinors. The initial chapters could be read by undergraduates; vectors, complex numbers and quaternions are introduced with an eye on Clifford algebras. The next chapters will also interest physicists, and include treatments of the quantum mechanics of the electron, electromagnetism and special relativity with a flavour of Clifford algebras. This book also gives the first comprehensive survey of recent research on Clifford algebras. A new classification of spinors is introduced, based on bilinear covariants of physical observables. This reveals a new class of spinors, residing between the Weyl, Majorana and Dirac spinors. Scalar products of spinors are classified by involutory anti-automorphisms of Clifford algebras. This leads to the chessboard of automorphism groups of scalar products of spinors. On the analytic side, Brauer-Wall groups and Witt rings are discussed, and Caucy's integral formula is generalized to higher dimensions.
Geometry of real tensors and phylogenetics
The second volume of the Geometry of Algebraic Curves is devoted to the foundations of the theory of moduli of algebraic curves. Its authors are research mathematicians who have actively participated in the development of the Geometry of Algebraic Curves. The subject is an extremely fertile and active one, both within the mathematical community and at the interface with the theoretical physics community. The approach is unique in its blending of algebro-geometric, complex analytic and topological/combinatorial methods. It treats important topics such as Teichmuller theory, the cellular decomposition of moduli and its consequences and the Witten conjecture.
Vectors in Three-Dimensional Space
This book is, on the one hand, a pedagogical introduction to the formalism of slopes, of semi-stability and of related concepts in the simplest possible context. It is therefore accessible to any graduate student with a basic knowledge in algebraic geometry and algebraic groups. On the other hand, the book also provides a thorough introduction to the basics of period domains, as they appear in the geometric approach to local Langlands correspondences and in the recent conjectural p-adic local Langlands program. The authors provide numerous worked examples and establish many connections to topics in the general area of algebraic groups over finite and local fields. In addition, the end of each section includes remarks on open questions, historical context and references to the literature.
The Schrödinger-Virasoro Algebra : Mathematical structure and dynamical Schrödinger symmetries
The classical descent on curves of genus one can be interpreted as providing conditions on the set of rational points of an algebraic variety X defined over a number field, viewed as a subset of its adelic points. This is the natural set-up of the Hasse principle and various approximation properties of rational points. The most famous among such conditions is the Manin obstruction exploiting the Brauer-Grothendieck group of X. It emerged recently that a non-abelian generalization of descent sometimes provides stronger conditions on rational points. An all-encompassing 'obstruction' is related to the X-torsors (families of principal homogenous spaces with base X) under algebraic groups. This book, first published in 2001, is a detailed exposition of the general theory of torsors with key examples, the relation of descent to the Manin obstruction, and applications of descent: to conic bundles, to bielliptic surfaces, and to homogenous spaces of algebraic groups.
Jumping numbers of a simple complete ideal in a two-dimensional regular local ring
Commutative Algebra
Tropical geometry and mirror symmetry
This is the first volume of a two volume set that provides a modern account of basic Banach algebra theory including all known results on general Banach *-algebras. This account emphasises the role of *-algebra structure and explores the algebraic results which underlie the theory of Banach algebras and *-algebras. This first volume is an independent, self-contained reference on Banach algebra theory. Each topic is treated in the maximum interesting generality within the framework of some class complex algebras rather than topological algebras. In both volumes proofs are presented in complete detail at a level accessible to graduate students. In addition, the books contain a wealth of historical comments, background material, examples, particularly in noncommutative harmonic analysis, and an extensive bibliography. Together these books will become the standard reference for the general theory of *-algebras.
The fundamental theorem of algebra
Papers in algebra, analysis and statistics : proceedings of the 21st Summer Research Institute, Australian Mathematical Society held at the University of Tasmania, Hobart, Australia, January 12-February 6, 1981
Linear algebra with applications
Differential Tensor Algebras and their Module Categories
This volume provides a clear and self-contained introduction to important results in the theory of rings and modules. Assuming only the mathematical background provided by a normal undergraduate curriculum, the theory is derived by comparatively direct and simple methods. It will be useful to both undergraduates and research students specialising in algebra. In his usual lucid style the author introduces the reader to advanced topics in a manner which makes them both interesting and easy to assimilate. As the text gives very full explanations, a number of well-ordered exercises are included at the end of each chapter. These lead on to further significant results and give the reader an opportunity to devise his own arguments and to test his understanding of the subject.
This textbook is an introduction to the concept of factorization and its application to problems in algebra and number theory. With the minimum of prerequisites, the reader is introduced to the notion of rings, fields, prime elements and unique factorization. The author shows how concepts can be applied to a variety of examples such as factorizing polynomials, finding determinants of matrices and Fermat's 'two-squares theorem'. Based on an undergraduate course given at the University of Sheffield, Dr Sharpe has included numerous examples which demonstrate how frequently these ideas are useful in concrete, rather than abstract, settings. The book also contains many exercises of varying degrees of difficulty together with hints and solutions. Second and third year undergraduates will find this a readable and enjoyable account of a subject lying at the heart of much of mathematics.
An introduction to algebraic structures
Spectral Theory of Operators on Hilbert Spaces
Origins of modern algebra
The second of a three-volume set providing a modern account of the representation theory of finite dimensional associative algebras over an algebraically closed field. The subject is presented from the perspective of linear representations of quivers, geometry of tubes of indecomposable modules, and homological algebra. This volume provides an up-to-date introduction to the representation theory of the representation-infinite hereditary algebras of Euclidean type, as well as to concealed algebras of Euclidean type. The book is primarily addressed to a graduate student starting research in the representation theory of algebras, but it will also be of interest to mathematicians in other fields. The text includes many illustrative examples and a large number of exercises at the end of each of the chapters. Proofs are presented in complete detail, making the book suitable for courses, seminars, and self-study.
First published by Cambridge University Press in 1985, this series of Encyclopedia volumes attempts to present the factual body of all mathematics. Clarity of exposition and accessibility to the non-specialist were an important consideration in its design and language. The development of the algebraic aspects of angular momentum theory and the relationship between angular momentum theory and special topics in physics and mathematics are covered in this volume.
Representation Theory of Finite Groups : An Introductory Approach
The seminar focuses on a recent solution, by the authors, of a long standing problem concerning the stable module category (of not necessarily finite dimensional representations) of a finite group. The proof draws on ideas from commutative algebra, cohomology of groups, and stable homotopy theory. The unifying theme is a notion of support which provides a geometric approach for studying various algebraic structures. The prototype for this has been Daniel Quillen’s description of the algebraic variety corresponding to the cohomology ring of a finite group, based on which Jon Carlson introduced support varieties for modular representations. This has made it possible to apply methods of algebraic geometry to obtain representation theoretic information. Their work has inspired the development of analogous theories in various contexts, notably modules over commutative complete intersection rings and over cocommutative Hopf algebras. One of the threads in this development has been the classification of thick or localizing subcategories of various triangulated categories of representations. This story started with Mike Hopkins’ classification of thick subcategories of the perfect complexes over a commutative Noetherian ring, followed by a classification of localizing subcategories of its full derived category, due to Amnon Neeman. The authors have been developing an approach to address such classification problems, based on a construction of local cohomology functors and support for triangulated categories with ring of operators. The book serves as an introduction to this circle of ideas.
This is an introductory text intended to give the non-specialist a comprehensive insight into the science of biotransformations. The book traces the history of biotransformations, clearly spells out the pros and cons of conducting enzyme-mediated versus whole-cell bioconversions, and gives a variety of examples wherein the bio-reaction is a key element in a reaction sequence leading from cheap starting materials to valuable end products.
Poisson Geometry, Deformation Quantisation and Group Representations
In a detailed and comprehensive introduction to the theory of plane algebraic curves, the authors examine this classical area of mathematics that both figured prominently in ancient Greek studies and remains a source of inspiration and a topic of research to this day. Arising from notes for a course given at the University of Bonn in Germany, “Plane Algebraic Curves” reflects the authorsʼ concern for the student audience through its emphasis on motivation, development of imagination, and understanding of basic ideas. As classical objects, curves may be viewed from many angles. This text also provides a foundation for the comprehension and exploration of modern work on singularities.
Algebra from A to Z. Volume 3
Algebra I workbook for dummies
Problems in the classification theory of non-associative simple algebras
Within algebraic topology, the prominent role of multiplicative cohomology theories has led to a great deal of foundational research on ring spectra and in the 1990s this gave rise to significant new approaches to constructing categories of spectra and ring-like objects in them. This book contains some important new contributions to the theory of structured ring spectra as well as survey papers describing these and relationships between them. One important aspect is the study of strict multiplicative structures on spectra and the development of obstruction theories to imposing strictly associative and commutative ring structures on spectra. A different topic is the transfer of classical algebraic methods and ideas, such as Morita theory, to the world of stable homotopy.
Combinatorics and reasoning : representing, justifying and building isomorphisms
Elements of abstract algebra
Banach Algebras and the General Theory of *-Algebras. Volume 2, *-Algebras
Using fairness in process-algebraic verification
Homological Questions in Local Algebra
Graph Energy
An outgrowth of a two-week summer session at Jacobs University in Bremen, Germany in August 2009 ("Structures in Lie Theory, Crystals, Derived Functors, Harish–Chandra Modules, Invariants and Quivers"), this volume consists of expository and research articles that highlight the various Lie algebraic methods used in mathematical research today. Key topics discussed include spherical varieties, Littelmann Paths and Kac–Moody Lie algebras, modular representations, primitive ideals, representation theory of Artin algebras and quivers, Kac–Moody superalgebras, categories of Harish–Chandra modules, cohomological methods, and cluster algebras.  List of Contributors:  M. Boos M. Brion J. Fuchs M. Gorelik A. Joseph M. Reineke C. Schweigert V. Serganova A. Seven W. Soergel B. Wilson G. Zuckerman.
Matrices and their roots : a textbook of matrix algebra
By considering the size of the logical network needed to perform a given computational task, the intrinsic difficulty of that task can be examined. Boolean function complexity, the combinatorial study of such networks, is a subject that started back in the 1950s and has today become one of the most challenging and vigorous areas of theoretical computer science. The papers in this book stem from the London Mathematical Society Symposium on Boolean Function Complexity held at Durham University in July 1990. The range of topics covered will be of interest to the newcomer to the field as well as the expert, and overall the papers are representative of the research presented at the Symposium. Anyone with an interest in Boolean Function complexity will find that this book is a necessary purchase.
Thinking mathematically : integrating arithmetic and algebra in elementary school
This is the proceedings volume of the symposium entitled "Trends in Computer Algebra" held in Bad Neuenahr, May 19-21, 1987. Computer algebra is a very active research area on the borderline between mathematics and computer science, which will strongly influence mathematical and physical research in the near future. The intention of this symposium was to bring together specialists in computer algebra with researchers in related areas of mathematics and computer science as well as potential users of the developed tools and techniques in order to discuss present issues and future trends of this topic. The thirteen invited talks of the symposium were organized into the following groups: Languages and Systems, Symbolic Computations, Computing in Algebraic Structures, and Applications.
Elementary statistical techniques in data analysis
The final part of a three-volume set providing a modern account of the representation theory of finite dimensional associative algebras over an algebraically closed field. The subject is presented from the perspective of linear representations of quivers and homological algebra. This volume provides an introduction to the representation theory of representation-infinite tilted algebras from the point of view of the time-wild dichotomy. Also included is a collection of selected results relating to the material discussed in all three volumes. The book is primarily addressed to a graduate student starting research in the representation theory of algebras, but will also be of interest to mathematicians in other fields. Proofs are presented in complete detail, and the text includes many illustrative examples and a large number of exercises at the end of each chapter, making the book suitable for courses, seminars, and self-study.
The theory of semirings with applications in mathematics and theoretical computer science
Application of an algebraic multigrid method to incompressible flow problems
Essential Mathematics for Engineering
Finite Free Resolutions
Combinatorics and algebra
Basic algebra : along with a companion volume Advanced algebra
Professor Peter Hilton is one of the best known mathematicians of his generation. He has published almost 300 books and papers on various aspects of topology and algebra. The present volume is to celebrate the occasion of his sixtieth birthday. It begins with a bibliography of his work, followed by reviews of his contributions to topology and algebra. These are followed by eleven research papers concerned with various topics of current interest in algebra and topology. The articles are contributed by some of the many mathematicians with whom he has worked at one time or another. This book will be of interest to both topologists and algebraists, particularly those concerned with homotopy theory.
Fundamental structures of algebra and discrete mathematics
An invitation to general algebra and universal constructions
Algebra from A to Z. Volume 5
This book is about modern algebraic geometry. The title A Royal Road to Algebraic Geometry is inspired by the famous anecdote about the king asking Euclid if there really existed no simpler way for learning geometry, than to read all of his work Elements. Euclid is said to have answered: “There is no royal road to geometry!” The book starts by explaining this enigmatic answer, the aim of the book being to argue that indeed, in some sense there is a royal road to algebraic geometry. From a point of departure in algebraic curves, the exposition moves on to the present shape of the field, culminating with Alexander Grothendieck’s theory of schemes. Contemporary homological tools are explained. The reader will follow a directed path leading up to the main elements of modern algebraic geometry. When the road is completed, the reader is empowered to start navigating in this immense field, and to open up the door to a wonderful field of research. The greatest scientific experience of a lifetime!
Clifford analysis and applications
Representations of Rings over Skew Fields
On simple modifiers, Zadeh-algebras and modifier algebras
Corings and Comodules
On the geometry of infinite-dimensional Grassmannian manifolds and gauge theory
Linear algebra is a living, active branch of mathematics which is central to almost all other areas of mathematics, both pure and applied, as well as to computer science, to the physical, biological, and social sciences, and to engineering. It encompasses an extensive corpus of theoretical results as well as a large and rapidly-growing body of computational techniques. Unfortunately, in the past decade, the content of linear algebra courses required to complete an undergraduate degree in mathematics has been depleted to the extent that they fail to provide a sufficient theoretical or computational background. Students are not only less able to formulate or even follow mathematical proofs, they are also less able to understand the mathematics of the numerical algorithms they need for applications. Certainly, the material presented in the average undergraduate course is insufficient for graduate study. This book is intended to fill the gap which has developed by providing enough theoretical and computational material to allow the advanced undergraduate or beginning graduate student to overcome this deficiency and be able to work independently or in advanced courses. The book is intended to be used either as a self-study guide, a textbook for a course in advanced linear algebra, or as a reference book. It is also designed to prepare a student for the linear algebra portion of prelim exams or PhD qualifying exams. The volume is self-contained to the extent that it does not assume any previous formal knowledge of linear algebra, though the reader is assumed to have been exposed, at least informally, to some of the basic ideas and techniques, such as manipulation of small matrices and the solution of small systems of linear equations over the real numbers. More importantly, it assumes a seriousness of purpose, considerable motivation, and a modicum of mathematical sophistication on the part of the reader. In the latest edition, new major theorems have been added, as well as many new examples. There are over 130 additional exercises and many of the previous exercises have been revised or rewritten. In addition, a large number of additional biographical notes and thumbnail portraits of mathematicians have been included.
Alex's adventures in numberland
The classical groups : their invariants and representations
Irregularity on normed and function algebras
Stable Modules and the D(2)-Problem
This introduction to commutative algebra gives an account of some general properties of rings and modules, with their applications to number theory and geometry. It assumes only that the reader has completed an undergraduate algebra course. The fresh approach and simplicity of proof enable a large amount of material to be covered; exercises and examples are included throughout the notes.
Hopf algebras : proceedings from the international conference at DePaul University
Taming the unknown : a history of algebra from antiquity to the early twentieth century
On the ideal structure and approximation properties of algebras of continuous B-algebra-valued functions
Prime Divisors and Noncommutative Valuation Theory
Operator algebras and quantum groups
Uniform points in the LUC-compactification with applications to certain Banach algebras
Group Cohomology and Algebraic Cycles
Finite group theory
Sheaves of Algebras over Boolean Spaces comprehensively covers sheaf theory as applied to universal algebra. Sheaves decompose general algebras into simpler pieces called the stalks. A classical case is commutative von Neumann regular rings, whose stalks are fields. Other classical theorems also extend to shells, a common generalization of rings and lattices. This text presents intuitive ideas from topology such as the notion of metric space and the concept of central idempotent from ring theory. These lead to the abstract notions of complex and factor element, respectively. Factor elements are defined by identities, discovered for shells for the first time, explaining why central elements in rings and lattices have their particular form. Categorical formulations of the many representations by sheaves begin with adjunctions and move to equivalences as the book progresses, generalizing Stone’s theorem for Boolean algebras. Half of the theorems provided in the text are new; the rest are presented in a coherent framework, starting with the most general, and proceeding to specific applications. Many open problems and research areas are outlined, including a final chapter summarizing applications of sheaves in diverse fields that were not covered earlier in the book. This monograph is suitable for graduate students and researchers, and it will serve as an excellent reference text for those who wish to learn about sheaves of algebras.
Algebra interactive! : learning algebra in an exciting way
Geometry of algebraic curves. Vol. 2
Head first algebra
Abstract algebra and solution by radicals
The second volume of this comprehensive treatise focusses on Buchberger theory and its application to the algorithmic view of commutative algebra. In distinction to other works, the presentation here is based on the intrinsic linear algebra structure of Groebner bases, and thus elementary considerations lead easily to the state-of-the-art in issues of implementation. The same language describes the applications of Groebner technology to the central problems of commutative algebra. The book can be also used as a reference on elementary ideal theory and a source for the state-of-the-art in its algorithmization. Aiming to provide a complete survey on Groebner bases and their applications, the author also includes advanced aspects of Buchberger theory, such as the complexity of the algorithm, Galligo's theorem, the optimality of degrevlex, the Gianni-Kalkbrener theorem, the FGLM algorithm, and so on. Thus it will be essential for all workers in commutative algebra, computational algebra and algebraic geometry.
Clifford algebras and lie theory
The algebraic theory of automata was created by Schützenberger and Chomsky over 50 years ago and there has since been a great deal of development. Classical work on the theory to noncommutative power series has been augmented more recently to areas such as representation theory, combinatorial mathematics and theoretical computer science. This book presents to an audience of graduate students and researchers a modern account of the subject and its applications. The algebraic approach allows the theory to be developed in a general form of wide applicability. For example, number-theoretic results can now be more fully explored, in addition to applications in automata theory, codes and non-commutative algebra. Much material, for example, Schützenberger's theorem on polynomially bounded rational series, appears here for the first time in book form. This is an excellent resource and reference for all those working in algebra, theoretical computer science and their areas of overlap.
Equivalence and Duality for Module Categories with Tilting and Cotilting for Rings
Elements of mathematics. Part 1, Algebra : chapters 1-3
Algebraic K-theory encodes important invariants for several mathematical disciplines, spanning from geometric topology and functional analysis to number theory and algebraic geometry. As is commonly encountered, this powerful mathematical object is very hard to calculate. Apart from Quillen's calculations of finite fields and Suslin's calculation of algebraically closed fields, few complete calculations were available before the discovery of homological invariants offered by motivic cohomology and topological cyclic homology. This book covers the connection between algebraic K-theory and Bökstedt, Hsiang and Madsen's topological cyclic homology and proves that the difference between the theories are ‘locally constant’. The usefulness of this theorem stems from being more accessible for calculations than K-theory, and hence a single calculation of K-theory can be used with homological calculations to obtain a host of ‘nearby’ calculations in K-theory. For instance, Quillen's calculation of the K-theory of finite fields gives rise to Hesselholt and Madsen's calculations for local fields, and Voevodsky's calculations for the integers give insight into the diffeomorphisms of manifolds. In addition to the proof of the full integral version of the local correspondence between K-theory and topological cyclic homology, the book provides an introduction to the necessary background in algebraic K-theory and highly structured homotopy theory; collecting all necessary tools into one common framework. It relies on simplicial techniques, and contains an appendix summarizing the methods widely used in the field. The book is intended for graduate students and scientists interested in algebraic K-theory, and presupposes a basic knowledge of algebraic topology.
This book provides a unified approach to much of the theories of equivalence and duality between categories of modules that has transpired over the last 45 years. In particular, during the past dozen or so years many authors (including the authors of this book) have investigated relationships between categories of modules over a pair of rings that are induced by both covariant and contravariant representable functors, in particular by tilting and cotilting theories. By here collecting and unifying the basic results of these investigations with innovative and easily understandable proofs, the authors' aim is to provide an aid to further research in this central topic in abstract algebra, and a reference for all whose research lies in this field.
This book on modern and non-commutative ring theory is ideal for beginning graduate students. It starts at the foundations of the subject and progresses rapidly through the basic concepts to help the reader reach current research frontiers. Students will have the chance to develop proofs, solve problems, and to find interesting questions. The first half of the book is concerned with free, projective and injective modules, tensor algebras, simple modules and primitive rings, the Jacobson radical, and subdirect products. Later in the book, more advanced topics, such as hereditary rings, categories and functors, flat modules and purity are introduced. These later chapters will also prove a useful reference for researchers in non-commutative ring theory. Enough background material (including detailed proofs) is supplied to give the student a firm grounding in the subject.
Subfactors have been a subject of considerable research activity for about fifteen years and are known to have significant relations with other fields such as low dimensional topology and algebraic quantum field theory. These notes give an introduction to the subject suitable for a student who has only a little familiarity with the theory of Hilbert space. A new pictorial approach to subfactors is presented in a late chapter.
The linear algebra a beginning graduate student ought to know
Hilbert C*-Modules : A Toolkit for Operator Algebraists
In these notes the abstract theory of analytic one-parameter semigroups in Banach algebras is discussed, with the Gaussian, Poisson and fractional integral semigroups in convolution Banach algebras serving as motivating examples. Such semigroups are constructed in a Banach algebra with a bounded approximate identity. Growth restrictions on the semigroup are linked to the structure of the underlying Banach algebra. The Hille-Yosida Theorem and a result of J. Esterle's on the nilpotency of semigroups are proved in detail. The lecture notes are an expanded version of lectures given by the author at the University of Edinburgh in 1980 and can be used as a text for a graduate course in functional analysis.
Auslander-Buchweitz Approximations of Equivariant Modules
Finite von Neumann Algebras and Masas
A thorough account of the methods that underlie the theory of subalgebras of finite von Neumann algebras, this book contains a substantial amount of current research material and is ideal for those studying operator algebras. The conditional expectation, basic construction and perturbations within a finite von Neumann algebra with a fixed faithful normal trace are discussed in detail. The general theory of maximal abelian self-adjoint subalgebras (masas) of separable II1 factors is presented with illustrative examples derived from group von Neumann algebras. The theory of singular masas and Sorin Popa's methods of constructing singular and semi-regular masas in general separable II1 factor are explored. Appendices cover the ultrapower of a II1 factor and the properties of unbounded operators required for perturbation results. Proofs are given in considerable detail and standard basic examples are provided, making the book understandable to postgraduates with basic knowledge of von Neumann algebra theory.
Hyperbolic function theory in the Clifford algebra Cl[sub n+1,0]
Structure and representations of Jordan algebras
Modern algebra : an introduction
This book presents an account of several conjectures arising in commutative algebra from the pioneering work of Serre and Auslander-Buchsbaum. The approach is via Hochster's 'Big Cohen-Macaulay modules', though the complementary view point of Peskine-Szpiro and Roberts, who study the homology of certain complexes, is not neglected. Various refinements of Hochster's construction, obtained in collaboration with Bartijn, are included. A special feature is a long chapter written by Van den Dries which explains how a certain type of result can be 'lifted' from prime characteristic to characteristic zero. Though this is primarily a research monograph, it does provide introductions to most of the topics treated. Non-experts may therefore find it an appealing guide into an active area of algebra.
Student solutions manual to accompany [for] CALCULUS
Chordal and complete structures in combinatorics and commutative algebra
In the calculation of economic aggregates it is often necessary to compute the value of these aggregates in some relevant subgroups as well as for the whole data. A method of calculation is said to be consistent in aggregation if it gives the same result regardless of whether it is applied directly to the whole data or to subaggregates calculated using the same method. The property has been well studied, yet a satisfactory general definition has been lacking. In this paper a definition of consistency in aggregation is given for a general class of aggregation rules. We show that any aggregation method satisfying this definition has a representation based on a commutative semigroup operation. Also, as an application we use algebraic methods to derive certain properties of index numbers satisfying consistency in aggregation. In particular, we show that any such index number formula is in fact a generalized weighted mean.
The Clifford algebras of real quadratic forms and their complexifications are studied here in detail, and those parts which are immediately relevant to theoretical physics are seen in the proper broad context. Central to the work is the classification of the conjugation and reversion anti-involutions that arise naturally in the theory. It is of interest that all the classical groups play essential roles in this classification. Other features include detailed sections on conformal groups, the eight-dimensional non-associative Cayley algebra, its automorphism group, the exceptional Lie group G2, and the triality automorphism of Spin 8. The book is designed to be suitable for the last year of an undergraduate course or the first year of a postgraduate course.
Free Ideal Rings and Localization in General Rings
Precalculus : based on Schaum's Outline of precalculus by Fred Safier
Virtual knots : the state of the art
Highlights in Lie Algebraic Methods
Elements of the Representation Theory of Associative Algebras. Volume 3, Representation-infinite Tilted Algebras
Automorphic Forms
Applications of finite fields
Galois cohomology
Structured Ring Spectra
Manifolds over complete nonarchimedean fields together with notions like tangent spaces and vector fields form a convenient geometric language to express the basic formalism of p-adic analysis. The volume starts with a self-contained and detailed introduction to this language. This includes the discussion of spaces of locally analytic functions as topological vector spaces, important for applications in representation theory. The author then sets up the analytic foundations of the theory of p-adic Lie groups and develops the relation between p-adic Lie groups and their Lie algebras. The second part of the book contains, for the first time in a textbook, a detailed exposition of Lazard's algebraic approach to compact p-adic Lie groups, via his notion of a p-valuation, together with its application to the structure of completed group rings.
Finite fields : structure and arithmetics
This book provides an introduction to recent developments in the theory of blow up algebras - Rees algebras, associated graded rings, Hilbert functions, and birational morphisms. The emphasis is on deriving properties of rings from their specifications in terms of generators and relations. While this limits the generality of many results, it opens the way for the application of computational methods. A highlight of the book is the chapter on advanced computational methods in algebra using Gröbner basis theory and advanced commutative algebra. The author presents the Gröbner basis algorithm and shows how it can be used to resolve computational questions in algebra. This volume is intended for advanced students in commutative algebra, algebraic geometry and computational algebra, and homological algebra. It can be used as a reference for the theory of Rees algebras and related topics.
Algebra, K-theory, groups and educations : on the occasion of Hyman Bass's 65th birthday
Commutative Algebra : Durham 1981
This book deals with vector algebra and analysis and with their application to three-dimensional geometry and the analysis of fields in three dimensions. While many treatments of the application of vectors have approached the fundamentals of the subject intuitively, assuming some prior knowledge of Euclidean and Cartesian geometry, Professor Chrisholm here bases the subject on the axioms of linear space algebra, which are fundamental to many branches of mathematics. While developing the properties of vectors from axioms, however, he continually emphasizes the geometrical interpretation of vector algebra in order to build up intuitive relations between the algebraic equations and geometrical concepts. Throughout, examples are used to illustrate the theory being developed; several sets of problems are incorporate in each chapter, and outline answers to many of these are given. Written primarily for undergraduate mathematicians in the early part of their courses, this lucidly written book will also appeal to mathematical physicists and to mathematically inclined engineers.
Current developments in mathematics. 1996
This is the second volume of a two-volume set that provides a modern account of basic Banach algebra theory including all known results on general Banach *-algebras. The author emphasizes the roles of *-algebra structure and explores the algebraic results which underlie the theory of Banach algebras and *-algebras. Proofs are presented in complete detail at a level accessible to graduate students. The books will become the standard reference for the general theory of *-algebras. This second volume deals with *-algebras. Chapter 9 develops the theory of *-algebras without additional restrictions. Chapter 10 proves nearly all the results previously known for Banach *-algebras and hermitian Banach *-algebras for  *-algebras with various essentially algebraic restrictions. Chapter 11 restates the previous results in terms of Banach *-algebras and uses them to prove results explicitly involving the complete norm. Chapter 12 is devoted to locally compact groups and the *-algebras related to them.
This book deals with several topics in algebra useful for computer science applications and the symbolic treatment of algebraic problems, pointing out and discussing their algorithmic nature. The topics covered range from classical results such as the Euclidean algorithm, the Chinese remainder theorem, and polynomial interpolation, to p-adic expansions of rational and algebraic numbers and rational functions, to reach the problem of the polynomial factorisation,  especially via Berlekamp’s method, and the discrete Fourier transform. Basic algebra concepts are revised in a form suited for implementation on a computer algebra system.
Further algebra and applications
Multiplicities and Chern Classes in Local Algebra
Hochschild Cohomology of Von Neumann Algebras
Tropical geometry and integrable systems : a conference on Tropical Geometry and Integrable Systems, July 3-8, 2011, School of Mathematics and Statistics, University of Glasgow, United Kingdom
CADE-2007 : computer algebra and differential equations
Algebra and tiling : homomorphisms in the service of geometry
Clifford algebras and inverse problems
Period Domains over Finite and p-adic Fields
Fundamentals of abstract algebra
Representation Theory : Selected Papers
Continuous and discrete modules are, essentially, generalizations of infective and projective modules respectively. Continuous modules provide an appropriate setting for decomposition theory of von Neumann algebras and have important applications to C*-algebras. Discrete modules constitute a dual concept and are related to number theory and algebraic geometry: they possess perfect decomposition properties. The advantage of both types of module is that the Krull-Schmidt theorem can be applied, in part, to them. The authors present here a complete account of the subject and at the same time give a unified picture of the theory. The treatment is essentially self-contained, with background facts being summarized in the first chapter. This book will be useful therefore either to individuals beginning research, or the more experienced worker in algebra and representation theory.
Compactness and contradiction
Arithmetic and algebra ... again
Groups are a means of classification, via the group action on a set, but also the object of a classification. How many groups of a given type are there, and how can they be described? Hölder’s program for attacking this problem in the case of finite groups is a sort of leitmotiv throughout the text. Infinite groups are also considered, with particular attention to logical and decision problems. Abelian, nilpotent and solvable groups are studied both in the finite and infinite case. Permutation groups and are treated in detail; their relationship with Galois theory is often taken into account. The last two chapters deal with the representation theory of finite group and the cohomology theory of groups; the latter with special emphasis on the extension problem. The sections are followed by exercises; hints to the solution are given, and for most of them a complete solution is provided.
In recent years there has developed a satisfactory and coherent theory of orthogonal polynomials in several variables, attached to root systems, and depending on two or more parameters. These polynomials include as special cases: symmetric functions; zonal spherical functions on real and p-adic reductive Lie groups; the Jacobi polynomials of Heckman and Opdam; and the Askey–Wilson polynomials, which themselves include as special or limiting cases all the classical families of orthogonal polynomials in one variable. This book, first published in 2003, is a comprehensive and organised account of the subject aims to provide a unified foundation for this theory, to which the author has been a principal contributor. It is an essentially self-contained treatment, accessible to graduate students familiar with root systems and Weyl groups. The first four chapters are preparatory to Chapter V, which is the heart of the book and contains all the main results in full generality.
Volume III sets out classical Cauchy theory. It is much more geared towards its innumerable applications than towards a more or less complete theory of analytic functions. Cauchy-type curvilinear integrals are then shown to generalize to any number of real variables (differential forms, Stokes-type formulas). The fundamentals of the theory of manifolds are then presented, mainly to provide the reader with a "canonical'' language and with some important theorems (change of variables in integration, differential equations). A final chapter shows how these theorems can be used to construct the compact Riemann surface of an algebraic function, a subject that is rarely addressed in the general literature though it only requires elementary techniques.
The diamond lemma for power series algebras
Categorical Homotopy Theory
Introduction to ring theory
Boolean Function Complexity
The Linear Algebra a Beginning Graduate Student Ought to Know
Arithmetic of finite fields
Recent research on pure and applied algebra
A classical theorem of Jordan states that every finite transitive permutation group contains a derangement. This existence result has interesting and unexpected applications in many areas of mathematics, including graph theory, number theory and topology. Various generalisations have been studied in more recent years, with a particular focus on the existence of derangements with special properties. Written for academic researchers and postgraduate students working in related areas of algebra, this introduction to the finite classical groups features a comprehensive account of the conjugacy and geometry of elements of prime order. The development is tailored towards the study of derangements in finite primitive classical groups; the basic problem is to determine when such a group G contains a derangement of prime order r, for each prime divisor r of the degree of G. This involves a detailed analysis of the conjugacy classes and subgroup structure of the finite classical groups.
This book is concerned with the research conducted in the late 1970s and early 1980s in the theory of commutative Neotherian rings. It consists of articles by invited speakers at the Symposium of Commutative Algebra held at the University of Durham in July 1981; these articles are all based on lectures delivered at the Symposium. The purpose of this book is to provide a record of at least some aspects of the Symposium, which several of the world leaders in the field attended. Several articles are included which provide surveys, incorporating historical perspective, details of progress made and indications of possible future lines of investigation. The book will be of interest to scholars of commutative and local algebra.
Non-Associative Normed Algebras. Volume 1, The Vidav–Palmer and Gelfand–Naimark Theorems
The most important invariant of a topological space is its fundamental group. When this is trivial, the resulting homotopy theory is well researched and familiar. In the general case, however, homotopy theory over nontrivial fundamental groups is much more problematic and far less well understood. Syzygies and Homotopy Theory explores the problem of nonsimply connected homotopy in the first nontrivial cases and presents, for the first time, a systematic rehabilitation of Hilbert's method of syzygies in the context of non-simply connected homotopy theory. The first part of the book is theoretical, formulated to allow a general finitely presented group as a fundamental group. The innovation here is to regard syzygies as stable modules rather than minimal modules. Inevitably this forces a reconsideration of the problems of noncancellation; these are confronted in the second, practical, part of the book. In particular, the second part of the book considers how the theory works out in detail for the specific examples Fn ´F where Fn is a free group of rank n and F is finite. Another innovation is to parametrize the first syzygy in terms of the more familiar class of stably free modules. Furthermore, detailed description of these stably free modules is effected by a suitable modification of the method of Milnor squares. The theory developed within this book has potential applications in various branches of algebra, including homological algebra, ring theory and K-theory. Syzygies and Homotopy Theory will be of interest to researchers and also to graduate students with a background in algebra and algebraic topology.
Continuous and Discrete Modules
A First Course in Linear Algebra : With Concurrent Examples
It is covering the structure and representation theory of semi-simple Lie algebras and compact Lie groups. Chapter 7 deals with Cartan subalgebras of Lie algebras, regular elements and conjugacy theorems. Chapter 8 begins with the structure of split semi-simple Lie algebras and their root systems. It goes on to describe the finite-dimensional modules for such algebras, including the character formula of Hermann Weyl. It concludes with the theory of Chevalley orders. Chapter 9 is devoted to the theory of compact Lie groups, beginning with a discussion of their maximal tori, root systems and Weyl groups. It goes on to describe the representation theory of compact Lie groups, including the application of integration to establish Weyl's formula in this context. The chapter concludes with a discussion of the actions of compact Lie groups on manifolds.
Rings, modules, algebras and Abelian groups
From zero to infinity (and beyond) : cool maths stuff you need to know
Boolean Models and Methods in Mathematics, Computer Science, and Engineering
Hopf algebras and quantum groups : proceedings of the Brussels conference
This book is about graph energy. The authors have included many of the important results on graph energy, such as the complete solution to the conjecture on maximal energy of unicyclic graphs, the Wagner-Heuberger’s result on the energy of trees, the energy of random graphs or the approach to energy using singular values. It contains an extensive coverage of  recent results and a gradual development of topics and the inclusion of complete proofs from most of the important recent results in the area. The latter fact makes it a valuable reference for researchers looking to get into the field of graph energy, further stimulating it with occasional inclusion of open problems. The book provides a comprehensive survey of all results and common proof methods obtained in this field with an extensive reference section. The book is aimed mainly towards mathematicians, both researchers and doctoral students, with interest in the field of mathematical chemistry.
This textbook on linear algebra includes the key topics of the subject that most advanced undergraduates need to learn before entering graduate school. All the usual topics, such as complex vector spaces, complex inner products, the Spectral theorem for normal operators, dual spaces, the minimal polynomial, the Jordan canonical form, and the rational canonical form, are covered, along with a chapter on determinants at the end of the book. In addition, there is material throughout the text on linear differential equations and how it integrates with all of the important concepts in linear algebra.   This book has several distinguishing features that set it apart from other linear algebra texts.  For example: Gaussian elimination is used as the key tool in getting at eigenvalues; it takes an essentially determinant-free approach to linear algebra; and systems of linear differential equations are used as frequent motivation for the reader.  Another motivating aspect of the book is the excellent and engaging exercises that abound in this text.   This textbook is written for an upper-division undergraduate course on Linear Algebra.  The prerequisites for this book are a familiarity with basic matrix algebra and elementary calculus, although any student who is willing to think abstractly should not have too much difficulty in understanding this text.
1 Algebra -- 2 Interpolation of Data in Tables and Charts -- 3 Graphs and Curve Fitting -- 4 Calculus -- 5 Problem Solving -- 6 Gases and Vapors -- 7 Mass Balances -- 8 Energy Balances -- 9 Fluid Mechanics -- 10 Heat Transfer -- 11 Mass Transfer -- Appendix1 Common Conversion Factors for Engineering Units -- Appendix2 Answers to Practice Problems -- Appendix3a Quiz -- Appendix3b Quiz with answers
Lie groups and Lie algebras. Chapters 7-9
FPF Ring Theory : Faithful Modules and Generators of Mod-R
Basic technical mathematics with Calculus SI version
In 2002, an introductory workshop was held at the Mathematical Sciences Research Institute in Berkeley to survey some of the many directions of the commutative algebra field. Six principal speakers each gave three lectures, accompanied by a help session, describing the interaction of commutative algebra with other areas of mathematics for a broad audience of graduate students and researchers. This book is based on those lectures, together with papers from contributing researchers. David Benson and Srikanth Iyengar present an introduction to the uses and concepts of commutative algebra in the cohomology of groups. Mark Haiman considers the commutative algebra of n points in the plane. Ezra Miller presents an introduction to the Hilbert scheme of points to complement Professor Haiman's paper. Further contributors include David Eisenbud and Jessica Sidman; Melvin Hochster; Graham Leuschke; Rob Lazarsfeld and Manuel Blickle; Bernard Teissier; and Ana Bravo.
Algebra for Symbolic Computation
This book is a self-contained account of the theory of classgroups of group rings. The guiding philosophy has been to describe all the basic properties of such classgroups in terms of character functions. This point of view is due to A. Frohlich and it achieves a considerable simplification and clarity over previous techniques. A main feature of the book is the introduction of the author's group logarithm, with numerous examples of its application. The main results dealt with are: Ullom's conjecture for Swan modules of p-groups; the self-duality theorem for rings of integers of tame extensions; the fixed-point theorem for determinants of group rings; the existence of Adams operations on classgroups. In addition, the author includes a number of calculations of classgroups of specific families of groups such as generalized dihedral groups, and quaternion and dihedral 2-groups. The work contained in this book should be readily accessible to any graduate student in pure mathematics who has taken a course in the representation theory of finite groups. It will also be of interest to number theorists and algebraic topologists.
Automorphic forms are an important complex analytic tool in number theory and modern arithmetic geometry. They played for example a vital role in Andrew Wiles's proof of Fermat's Last Theorem. This text provides a concise introduction to the world of automorphic forms using two approaches: the classic elementary theory and the modern point of view of adeles and representation theory. The reader will learn the important aims and results of the theory by focussing on its essential aspects and restricting it to the 'base field' of rational numbers. Students interested for example in arithmetic geometry or number theory will find that this book provides an optimal and easily accessible introduction into this topic.
Teach yourself algebra for electric circuits
Introduction to the comparative method with Boolean algebra
Annealed dynamics of boolean networks : criticality of gene regulatory networks
Corings and comodules are fundamental algebraic structures, which can be thought of as both dualisations and generalisations of rings and modules. Introduced by Sweedler in 1975, only recently they have been shown to have far reaching applications ranging from the category theory including differential graded categories through classical and Hopf-type module theory to non-commutative geometry and mathematical physics. This is the first extensive treatment of the theory of corings and their comodules. In the first part, the module-theoretic aspects of coalgebras over commutative rings are described. Corings are then defined as coalgebras over non-commutative rings. Topics covered include module-theoretic aspects of corings, such as the relation of comodules to special subcategories of the category of modules (sigma-type categories), connections between corings and extensions of rings, properties of new examples of corings associated to entwining structures, generalisations of bialgebras such as bialgebroids and weak bialgebras, and the appearance of corings in non-commutative geometry.
Schaum's outline of theory and problems of elementary algebra
Written to complement standard texts on commutative algebra, this short book gives complete and relatively easy proofs of important results, including the standard results involving localisation of formal smoothness (M. André) and localisation of complete intersections (L. Avramov), some important results of D. Popescu and André on regular homomorphisms, and some results from A. Grothendieck's EGA on smooth homomorphisms. The authors make extensive use of the André–Quillen homology of commutative algebras, but only up to dimension 2, which is easy to construct, and they deliberately avoid using simplicial methods. The book also serves as an accessible introduction to some advanced topics and techniques. The only prerequisites are a basic course in commutative algebra and the first definitions in homological algebra.
Jordan Structures in Geometry and Analysis
CRC standard : curves and surfaces
This book, first published in 2000, focuses on homological aspects of equivariant modules. It presents a homological approximation theory in the category of equivariant modules, unifying the Cohen-Macaulay approximations in commutative ring theory and Ringel's theory of delta-good approximations for quasi-hereditary algebras and reductive groups. The book provides a detailed introduction to homological algebra, commutative ring theory and homological theory of comodules of co-algebras over an arbitrary base. It aims to overcome the difficulty of generalising known homological results in representation theory. This book will be of interest to researchers and graduate students in algebra, specialising in commutative ring theory and representation theory.
Classical valuation theory has applications in number theory and class field theory as well as in algebraic geometry, e.g. in a divisor theory for curves.  But the noncommutative equivalent is mainly applied to finite dimensional skewfields.  Recently however, new types of algebras have become popular in modern algebra; Weyl algebras, deformed and quantized algebras, quantum groups and Hopf algebras, etc. The advantage of valuation theory in the commutative case is that it allows effective calculations, bringing the arithmetical properties of the ground field into the picture.  This arithmetical nature is also present in the theory of maximal orders in central simple algebras.  Firstly, we aim at uniting maximal orders, valuation rings, Dubrovin valuations, etc. in a common theory, the theory of primes of algebras.  Secondly, we establish possible applications of the noncommutative arithmetics to interesting classes of algebras, including the extension of central valuations to nice classes of quantized algebras, the development of a theory of Hopf valuations on Hopf algebras and quantum groups, noncommutative valuations on the Weyl field and interesting rings of invariants and valuations of Gauss extensions.
A Royal Road to Algebraic Geometry
Modules over Endomorphism Rings
Automorphisms and derivations of associative rings
A guide to the literature on semirings and their applications in mathematics and information sciences : with complete bibliography
The Racah-Wigner Algebra in Quantum Theory
Fundamentals of Group Theory provides an advanced look at the basic theory of groups. Standard topics in the field are covered alongside a great deal of unique content. There is an emphasis on universality when discussing the isomorphism theorems, quotient groups and free groups as well as a focus on the role of applying certain operations, such as intersection, lifting and quotient to a “group extension”. Certain concepts, such as subnormality, group actions and chain conditions are introduced perhaps a bit earlier than in other texts at this level, in the hopes that the reader would acclimate to these concepts earlier.  Some additional features of the work include:  An historical look at how Galois viewed groups. The problem of whether the commutator subgroup of a group is the same as the set of commutators of the group, including an example of when this is not the case. The subnormal join property, that is, the property that the join of two subnormal subgroups is subnormal. Cancellation in direct sums. A complete proof of the theorem of Baer characterizing nonabelian groups with the property that all of their subgroups are normal. A somewhat more in depth discussion of the structure of p-groups, including the nature of conjugates in a p-group, a proof that a p-group with a unique subgroup of any order must be either cyclic (for p>2) or else cyclic or generalized quaternion (for p=2) and the nature of gro ups of order p^n that have elements of order p^(n-1). A discussion of the Sylow subgroups of the symmetric group in terms of wreath products. An introduction to the techniques used to characterize finite simple groups. Birkhoff's theorem on equational classes and relative freeness. This book is suitable for a graduate course in group theory, part of a graduate course in abstract algebra or for independent study. It can also be read by advanced undergraduates. The book assumes no specific background in group theory, but does assume some level of mathematical sophistication on the part of the reader.
First Siberian School "Algebra and Analysis" : proceedings of the First Siberian School, Kemerovo State University, Kemerovo 1988
Vector calculus, linear algebra and differential forms : a unified approach
Algebra : a text-book of determinants, matrices, and algebraic forms
The Local Structure of Algebraic K-Theory
From Current Algebra to Quantum Chromodynamics : A Case for Structural Realism
Elements of the Representation Theory of Associative Algebras. Volume 2, Tubes and Concealed Algebras of Euclidean type
An introduction to algebraic geometry and algebraic groups
Universal algebra and coalgebra
Handbook of Tilting Theory
Local Cohomology : An Algebraic Introduction with Geometric Applications
This work is intended to provide a concise introduction to the spectral theory of Hilbert space operators. With an emphasis on detailed proofs and recent aspects of theory, it can serve as a modern textbook for a first graduate course in the subject. The coverage of topics is thorough, exploring various intricate points and hidden features often left untreated. The book begins with a primer on Hilbert space theory, summarizing the basics required for the remainder of the book and establishing unified notation and terminology. After this, standard spectral results for (bounded linear) operators on Banach and Hilbert spaces, including the classical partition of the spectrum and spectral properties for specific classes of operators, are discussed. A study of the spectral theorem for normal operators follows, covering both the compact and the general case, and proving both versions of the theorem in full detail. This leads into an investigation of functional calculus for normal operators and Riesz functional calculus, which in turn is followed by Fredholm theory and compact perturbations of the spectrum, where a finer analysis of the spectrum is worked out. Here, further partitions involving the essential spectrum, including the Weyl and Browder spectra, are introduced. The final section of the book deals with Weyl's and Browder's theorems and provides a look at very recent results.  Spectral Theory of Operators on Hilbert Spaces is addressed to an interdisciplinary audience of graduate students in mathematics, statistics, economics, engineering, and physics. It will be useful for working mathematicians using spectral theory of Hilbert space operators, as well as for scientists wishing to harness the applications of this theory.
This monograph provides an introduction to the theory of Clifford algebras, with an emphasis on its connections with the theory of Lie groups and Lie algebras. The book starts with a detailed presentation of the main results on symmetric bilinear forms and Clifford algebras. It develops the spin groups and the spin representation, culminating in Cartans famous triality automorphism for the group Spin(8). The discussion of enveloping algebras includes a presentation of Petraccis proof of the PoincaréBirkhoffWitt theorem. This is followed by discussions of Weil algebras, Chern--Weil theory, the quantum Weil algebra, and the cubic Dirac operator. The applications to Lie theory include Duflos theorem for the case of quadratic Lie algebras, multiplets of representations, and Dirac induction. The last part of the book is an account of Kostants structure theory of the Clifford algebra over a semisimple Lie algebra. It describes his Clifford algebra analogue of the HopfKoszulSamelson theorem, and explains his fascinating conjecture relating the Harish-Chandra projection for Clifford algebras to the principal sl(2) subalgebra. Aside from these beautiful applications, the book will serve as a convenient and up-to-date reference for background material from Clifford theory, relevant for students and researchers in mathematics and physics.
Abstract. - Riassunto.
The most basic algebraic varieties are the projective spaces, and rational varieties are their closest relatives. In many applications where algebraic varieties appear in mathematics and the sciences, we see rational ones emerging as the most interesting examples. The authors have given an elementary treatment of rationality questions using a mix of classical and modern methods. Arising from a summer school course taught by János Kollár, this book develops the modern theory of rational and nearly rational varieties at a level that will particularly suit graduate students. There are numerous examples and exercises, all of which are accompanied by fully worked out solutions, that will make this book ideal as the basis of a graduate course. It will act as a valuable reference for researchers whilst helping graduate students to reach the point where they can begin to tackle contemporary research problems.
Autour des motifs : École d'été franco-asiatique de géometrie algébrique et de théorie des nombres, Asian-French summer school on algebraic geometry and number theory
The art of the infinite : the pleasures of mathematics
The theory of local Chern characters used in commutative algebra originated in topology some years ago, and from there was introduced in algebraic geometry. This book describes the theory in an algebraic setting, presenting research results and important algebraic applications, some of which come from the author's own work.  It concentrates on the background in commutative algebra and homological algebra and describes the relations between these subjects, including extensive discussions of the homological conjectures and of the use of the Frobenius map.
A course on abstract algebra
Lessons on Rings, Modules and Multiplicities
Affine completeness of some Ockham algebras
A price index is often loosely defined as some sort of average or mean of price ratios. A basic property of a mean, such as the arithmetic or geometric, for example, is that a grand mean may always be calculated as a suitably weighted mean of submeans. An analogous property of index numbers is called consistency in aggregation in the relevant literature. In this article we use the fact that with weak regularity conditions consistency in aggregation implies that pricequantity index pairs may be viewed as quasilinear means. Using this we show that these index number pairs may be equated with convex combinations in a suitably constructed vector space. We may thus apply linear algebra to their study, which is a completely new approach to the subject. To illustrate the strength of our approach, we derive a equivalence theorem of quasilinear index number formulas and additive decompositions of value change. We argue that this result shows that consistency in aggregation may be interpreted as consistency between the treatment of ratios and di*erences. We also show that many wellknown index number axioms have linear algebraic interpretations and give conditions under which a decomposition space has a natural inner product structure.
An important part of homological algebra deals with modules possessing projective resolutions of finite length. This goes back to Hilbert's famous theorem on syzygies through, in the earlier theory, free modules with finite bases were used rather than projective modules. The introduction of a wider class of resolutions led to a theory rich in results, but in the process certain special properties of finite free resolutions were overlooked. D. A. Buchsbaum and D. Eisenbud have shown that finite free resolutions have a fascinating structure theory. This has revived interest in the simpler kind of resolution and caused the subject to develop rapidly. This Cambridge Tract attempts to give a genuinely self-contained and elementary presentation of the basic theory, and to provide a sound foundation for further study. The text contains a substantial number of exercises. These enable the reader to test his understanding and they allow the subject to be developed more rapidly. Each chapter ends with the solutions to the exercises contained in it.
Classgroups of Group Rings
Introductory mathematical analysis : for business, economics and the life and social sciences
Algebraic and combinatorial methods for error-correcting codes with applications to fault-tolerant logic
Introduction to lattice theory
Topics in algebra
Intelligent Computer Mathematics : 10th International Conference, AISC 2010, 17th Symposium, Calculemus 2010, and 9th International Conference, MKM 2010, Paris, France, July 5-10, 2010. Proceedings
Power series over commutative rings
This monograph provides the first up-to-date and self-contained presentation of a recently discovered mathematical structure—the Schrödinger-Virasoro algebra. Just as Poincaré invariance or conformal (Virasoro) invariance play a key role in understanding, respectively, elementary particles and two-dimensional equilibrium statistical physics, this algebra of non-relativistic conformal symmetries may be expected to apply itself naturally to the study of some models of non-equilibrium statistical physics, or more specifically in the context of recent developments related to the non-relativistic AdS/CFT correspondence.   The study of the structure of this infinite-dimensional Lie algebra touches upon topics as various as statistical physics, vertex algebras, Poisson geometry, integrable systems and supergeometry as well as representation theory, the cohomology of infinite-dimensional Lie algebras, and the spectral theory of Schrödinger operators. .
Mathematics for the curious
Noncommutative Rational Series with Applications
Finite Group Algebras and their Modules
Index numbers and decomposition spaces
In this book, the author aims to familiarise researchers and graduate students, in both physics and mathematics, with the application of non-associative algebras in physics. Topics covered by the author are wide-ranging to include algebras of observables in quantum mechanics, angular momentum and octonions, division algebra, triple-linear products and Yang–Baxter equations. The author also covers non-associative gauge theoretic reformulation of Einstein's general relativity theory and similar subjects. Much of the material found in this book is not available in other standard works. This book will be of interest to graduate students and research scientists in physics and mathematics.
The first half of the book is a general study of homomorphisms to simple artinian rings; the techniques developed here should be of interest to many algebraists. The second half is a more detailed study of special types of skew fields which have arisen from the work of P. M. Cohn and the author. A number of questions are settled; a version of the Jacobian conjecture for free algebras is proved and there are examples of skew field extensions of different but finite left and right dimension.
Detecting and exploiting data type symmetries of algebraic system nets during reachability analysis
Alexandre Grothendieck : a mathematical portrait
In many areas of mathematics one can see some higher operations popping up. In fact these higher structures have become so important that several projects refer to such expressions. These higher operations form new types of algebras. The key to understanding and comparing them, to creating invariants of their action is precisely the operad theory. This is a point of view that is 40 years old in algebraic topology, but the new trend is its appearance in several other areas, such as: algebraic geometry, mathematical physics, differential geometry, and combinatorics. The present volume is the first comprehensive and systematic approach to algebraic operads. An operad is an algebraic device that serves to study all kinds of algebras (associative, commutative, Lie, Poisson, A-infinity, etc.) from a conceptual point of view. The present volume introduces this topic with an emphasis on the Koszul duality theory. After a modern treatment of Koszul duality for associative algebras, the theory is extended to operads. Applications to homotopy algebra are given, for instance the Homotopy Transfer Theorem. Though the necessary notions of algebra are recalled, readers are expected to be familiar with elementary homological algebra. Each chapter ends with a helpful summary and exercises. A full chapter is devoted to examples, and numerous figures are provided.
Completion constructions in homological algebra and finiteness conditions
Written by prominent experts in the field, this monograph provides the first comprehensive, unified presentation of the structural, algorithmic and applied aspects of the theory of Boolean functions. The book focuses on algebraic representations of Boolean functions, especially disjunctive and conjunctive normal form representations. This framework looks at the fundamental elements of the theory (Boolean equations and satisfiability problems, prime implicants and associated short representations, dualization), an in-depth study of special classes of Boolean functions (quadratic, Horn, shellable, regular, threshold, read-once functions and their characterization by functional equations) and two fruitful generalizations of the concept of Boolean functions (partially defined functions and pseudo-Boolean functions). Several topics are presented here in book form for the first time. Because of the depth and breadth and its emphasis on algorithms and applications, this monograph will have special appeal for researchers and graduate students in discrete mathematics, operations research, computer science, engineering and economics.
This book develops abstract homotopy theory from the categorical perspective with a particular focus on examples. Part I discusses two competing perspectives by which one typically first encounters homotopy (co)limits: either as derived functors definable when the appropriate diagram categories admit a compatible model structure, or through particular formulae that give the right notion in certain examples. Emily Riehl unifies these seemingly rival perspectives and demonstrates that model structures on diagram categories are irrelevant. Homotopy (co)limits are explained to be a special case of weighted (co)limits, a foundational topic in enriched category theory. In Part II, Riehl further examines this topic, separating categorical arguments from homotopical ones. Part III treats the most ubiquitous axiomatic framework for homotopy theory - Quillen's model categories. Here, Riehl simplifies familiar model categorical lemmas and definitions by focusing on weak factorization systems. Part IV introduces quasi-categories and homotopy coherence.
Introductory modern algebra : a historical approach
Algebra from A to Z. Volume 1
Introduction to Octonion and Other Non-Associative Algebras in Physics
Model Theory and Modules
Numerical Ranges II is a sequel to Numerical Ranges of Operators on Normed Spaces and of Elements of Normed Algebras written by the same authors and published in this series in 1971. The present volume reflects the progress made in the subject, expanding and discussing topics under the general headings of spatial and algebra numerical ranges and further ranges.
Grothendieck rings and Motivic integration
Modules and Rings
The advent of quantum chromodynamics (QCD) in the early 1970s was one of the most important events in twentieth-century science. This book examines the conceptual steps that were crucial to the rise of QCD, placing them in historical context against the background of debates that were ongoing between the bootstrap approach and composite modeling, and between mathematical and realistic conceptions of quarks. It explains the origins of QCD in current algebra and its development through high-energy experiments, model-building, mathematical analysis and conceptual synthesis. Addressing a range of complex physical, philosophical and historiographical issues in detail, this book will interest graduate students and researchers in physics and in the history and philosophy of science.
Classical Groups, Derangements and Primes
On varieties of congruences and piecewise testable tree languages
This first systematic account of the basic theory of normed algebras, without assuming associativity, includes many new and unpublished results and is sure to become a central resource for researchers and graduate students in the field. This first volume focuses on the non-associative generalizations of (associative) C*-algebras provided by the so-called non-associative Gelfand–Naimark and Vidav–Palmer theorems, which give rise to alternative C*-algebras and non-commutative JB*-algebras, respectively. The relationship between non-commutative JB*-algebras and JB*-triples is also fully discussed. The second volume covers Zel'manov's celebrated work in Jordan theory to derive classification theorems for non-commutative JB*-algebras and JB*-triples, as well as other topics. The book interweaves pure algebra, geometry of normed spaces, and complex analysis, and includes a wealth of historical comments, background material, examples and exercises. The authors also provide an extensive bibliography.
Advanced modern algebra
Algebraic geometry over the complex numbers
Plane Algebraic Curves : Translated by John Stillwell
Rational Points on Curves over Finite Fields : Theory and Applications
Torsors, Étale Homotopy and Applications to Rational Points
Boolean Functions : Theory, Algorithms, and Applications
Poisson geometry lies at the cusp of noncommutative algebra and differential geometry, with natural and important links to classical physics and quantum mechanics. This book presents an introduction to the subject from a small group of leading researchers, and the result is a volume accessible to graduate students or experts from other fields. The contributions are: Poisson Geometry and Morita Equivalence by Bursztyn and Weinstein; Formality and Star Products by Cattaneo; Lie Groupoids, Sheaves and Cohomology by Moerdijk and Mrcun; Geometric Methods in Representation Theory by Schmid; Deformation Theory: A Powerful Tool in Physics Modelling by Sternheimer.
Digital circuits. 1, Numbering systems, binary codes, logic gates, boolean algebra
The theory of finite fields is a branch of algebra that has come to the fore because of its diverse applications in such areas as combinatorics, coding theory and the mathematical study of switching ciruits. This book is devoted entirely to the theory of finite fields, and it provides comprehensive coverage of the literature. Bibliographical notes at the end of each chapter give an historical survey of the development of the subject. Worked-out examples and lists of exercises found throughout the book make it useful as a text for advanced-level courses.
Arithmetic of Diagonal Hypersurfaces over Finite Fields
Tilting theory originates in the representation theory of finite dimensional algebras. Today the subject is of much interest in various areas of mathematics, such as finite and algebraic group theory, commutative and non-commutative algebraic geometry, and algebraic topology. The aim of this book is to present the basic concepts of tilting theory as well as the variety of applications. It contains a collection of key articles, which together form a handbook of the subject, and provide both an introduction and reference for newcomers and experts alike.
There is now a large body of theory concerning algebraic varieties over finite fields, and many conjectures exist in this area that are of great interest to researchers in number theory and algebraic geometry. This book is concerned with the arithmetic of diagonal hypersurfaces over finite fields, with special focus on the Tate conjecture and the Lichtenbaum–Milne formula for the central value of the L-function. It combines theoretical and numerical work, and includes tables of Picard numbers. Although this book is aimed at experts, the authors have included some background material to help non-specialists gain access to the results.
Chinese mathematics in the thirteenth century : the Shu-shu chiu-chang of Ch'in Chiu-shao
This textbook is an introduction to the techniques of summing and nuclear norms. The author's aim is to present a clear and simple account of these ideas and to demonstrate the power of their application to a variety of Banach space questions. The style is expository and the only prerequisite is a beginner's course on Wormed linear spaces and a minimal knowledge of functional analysis. Thus, Dr Jameson is able to concentrate on important, central results and gives concrete and largely non-technical proofs, often supplying alternative proofs which both contribute something to the understanding. Final-year undergraduates and postgraduates in functional analysis will enjoy this introduction to the subject, and there are many examples and exercises throughout the text to help the reader and to demonstrate the range of application these techniques find. A list of references indicates the way for further reading.
Poincaré Duality Algebras, Macaulay's Dual Systems, and Steenrod Operations
In recent years the interplay between model theory and other branches of mathematics has led to many deep and intriguing results. In this, the first book on the topic, the theme is the interplay between model theory and the theory of modules. The book is intended to be a self-contained introduction to the subject and introduces the requisite model theory and module theory as it is needed. Dr Prest develops the basic ideas concerning what can be said about modules using the information which may be expressed in a first-order language. Later chapters discuss stability-theoretic aspects of modules, and structure and classification theorems over various types of rings and for certain classes of modules. Both algebraists and logicians will enjoy this account of an area in which algebra and model theory interact in a significant way. The book includes numerous examples and exercises and consequently will make an ideal introduction for graduate students coming to this subject for the first time.
Groups and characters
Mathematics for the trades : a guided approach
In many areas of mathematics some “higher operations” are arising. These have become so important that several research projects refer to such expressions. Higher operations form new types of algebras. The key to understanding and comparing them, to creating invariants of their action is operad theory. This is a point of view that is 40 years old in algebraic topology, but the new trend is its appearance in several other areas, such as algebraic geometry, mathematical physics, differential geometry, and combinatorics. The present volume is the first comprehensive and systematic approach to algebraic operads. An operad is an algebraic device that serves to study all kinds of algebras (associative, commutative, Lie, Poisson, A-infinity, etc.) from a conceptual point of view. The book presents this topic with an emphasis on Koszul duality theory. After a modern treatment of Koszul duality for associative algebras, the theory is extended to operads. Applications to homotopy algebra are given, for instance the HomotopyTransfer Theorem. Although the necessary notions of algebra are recalled, readers areexpected to be familiar with elementary homological algebra. Each chapter ends with a helpful summary and exercises. A full chapter is devoted to examples, and numerous figures are included. After an elementary chapter on classical algebra, accessible to undergraduate students, the level increases gradually through the book. However, the authors have done their best to make it suitable for graduate students: three appendices  review the basic results needed in order to understand the various  chapters. Since higher algebra is becoming essential in several research areas like deformation theory, algebraic geometry, representation theory, differential geometry, algebraic combinatorics, and mathematical physics, the book can also be used as a reference work by researchers.  .
General lattice theory
The basics of abstract algebra
Clifford Algebras and Spinors
The aim of this book, which was originally published in 1985, is to cover from first principles the theory of Syzygies, building up from a discussion of the basic commutative algebra to such results as the authors' proof of the Syzygy Theorem. In the last three chapters applications of the theory to commutative algebra and algebraic geometry are given.
Math concepts for food engineering
Banach Algebras and the General Theory of *-Algebras. Volume 1, Algebras and Banach Algebras
Arithmetic of Blowup Algebras
Clifford Algebras and the Classical Groups
In a detailed and comprehensive introduction to the theory of plane algebraic curves, the authors examine this classical area of mathematics that both figured prominently in ancient Greek studies and remains a source of inspiration and topic of research to this day. Arising from notes for a course given at the University of Bonn in Germany, “Plane Algebraic Curves” reflects the author’s concern for the student audience through emphasis upon motivation, development of imagination, and understanding of basic ideas. As classical objects, curves may be viewed from many angles; this text provides a foundation for the comprehension and exploration of modern work on singularities.   ---   In the first chapter one finds many special curves with very attractive geometric presentations – the wealth of illustrations is a distinctive characteristic of this book – and an introduction to projective geometry (over the complex numbers). In the second chapter one finds a very simple proof of Bezout’s theorem and a detailed discussion of cubics. The heart of this book – and how else could it be with the first author – is the chapter on the resolution of singularities (always over the complex numbers).  (…) Especially remarkable is the outlook to further work on the topics discussed, with numerous references to the literature. Many examples round off this successful representation of a classical and yet still very much alive subject. (Mathematical Reviews).
This is an extensive synthesis of recent work in the study of endomorphism rings and their modules, bringing together direct sum decompositions of modules, the class number of an algebraic number field, point set topological spaces, and classical noncommutative localization. The main idea behind the book is to study modules G over a ring R via their endomorphism ring EndR(G). The author discusses a wealth of results that classify G and EndR(G) via numerous properties, and in particular results from point set topology are used to provide a complete characterization of the direct sum decomposition properties of G. For graduate students this is a useful introduction, while the more experienced mathematician will discover that the book contains results that are not otherwise available. Each chapter contains a list of exercises and problems for future research, which provide a springboard for students entering modern professional mathematics.
This 2003 book is concerned with two fundamental problems in low-dimensional topology. Firstly, the D(2)-problem, which asks whether cohomology detects dimension, and secondly the realization problem, which asks whether every algebraic 2-complex is geometrically realizable. The author shows that for a large class of fundamental groups these problems are equivalent. Moreover, in the case of finite groups, Professor Johnson develops general methods and gives complete solutions in a number of cases. In particular, he presents a complete treatment of Yoneda extension theory from the viewpoint of derived objects and proves that for groups of period four, two-dimensional homotopy types are parametrized by isomorphism classes of projective modules. This book is carefully written with an eye on the wider context and as such is suitable for graduate students wanting to learn low-dimensional homotopy theory as well as established researchers in the field.
Offering students and researchers in the behavioural and social sciences a brief and accessible introduction to the comparative method, this volume provides readers with basic guidelines for comparative research by addressing all key methodological issues.
Extremal polynomials and Riemann surfaces
Intermediate algebra through applications
Jordan theory has developed rapidly in the last three decades, but very few books describe its diverse applications. Here, the author discusses some recent advances of Jordan theory in differential geometry, complex and functional analysis, with the aid of numerous examples and concise historical notes. These include: the connection between Jordan and Lie theory via the Tits–Kantor–Koecher construction of Lie algebras; a Jordan algebraic approach to infinite dimensional symmetric manifolds including Riemannian symmetric spaces; the one-to-one correspondence between bounded symmetric domains and JB*-triples; and applications of Jordan methods in complex function theory. The basic structures and some functional analytic properties of JB*-triples are also discussed. The book is a convenient reference for experts in complex geometry or functional analysis, as well as an introduction to these areas for beginning researchers. The recent applications of Jordan theory discussed in the book should also appeal to algebraists.
Poincaré duality algebras originated in the work of topologists on the cohomology of closed manifolds, and Macaulay's dual systems in the study of irreducible ideals in polynomial algebras. These two ideas are tied together using basic commutative algebra involving Gorenstein algebras. Steenrod operations also originated in algebraic topology, but may best be viewed as a means of encoding the information often hidden behind the Frobenius map in characteristic p<>0.  They provide a noncommutative tool to study commutative algebras over a Galois field. In this Tract the authors skilfully bring together these ideas and apply them to problems in invariant theory. A number of remarkable and unexpected interdisciplinary connections are revealed that will interest researchers in the areas of commutative algebra, invariant theory or algebraic topology.
Originally published in 1983, the principal object of this book is to discuss in detail the structure of finite group rings over fields of characteristic, p, P-adic rings and, in some cases, just principal ideal domains, as well as modules of such group rings. The approach does not emphasize any particular point of view, but aims to present a smooth proof in each case to provide the reader with maximum insight. However, the trace map and all its properties have been used extensively. This generalizes a number of classical results at no extra cost and also has the advantage that no assumption on the field is required. Finally, it should be mentioned that much attention is paid to the methods of homological algebra and cohomology of groups as well as connections between characteristic 0 and characteristic p.
Representation Theory of Finite Groups presents group representation theory at a level accessible to advanced undergraduate students and beginning graduate students. The required background is maintained to the level of linear algebra, group theory, and very basic ring theory and avoids prerequisites in analysis and topology by dealing exclusively with finite groups. Module theory and Wedderburn theory, as well as tensor products, are deliberately omitted. Instead, an approach based on discrete Fourier Analysis is taken, thereby demanding less background from the reader. The main topics covered in this text include character theory, the group algebra and Fourier analysis, Burnside's pq-theorem and the dimension theorem, permutation representations, induced representations and Mackey's theorem, and the representation theory of the symmetric group. For those students who have an elementary knowledge of probability and statistics, a chapter on random walks on finite groups serves as an illustration to link finite stochastics and representation theory. Applications to the spectral theory of graphs are given to help the student appreciate the usefulness of the subject and the author provides motivation and a gentle style throughout the text. A number of exercises add greater dimension to the understanding of the subject and some aspects of a combinatorial nature are clearly shown in diagrams. This text will engage a broad readership due to the significance of representation theory in diverse branches of mathematics, engineering, and physics, to name a few. Its primary intended use is as a one semester textbook for a third or fourth year undergraduate course or an introductory graduate course on group representation theory. The content can also be of use as a reference to researchers in all areas of mathematics, statistics, and several mathematical sciences.
Group cohomology reveals a deep relationship between algebra and topology, and its recent applications have provided important insights into the Hodge conjecture and algebraic geometry more broadly. This book presents a coherent suite of computational tools for the study of group cohomology and algebraic cycles. Early chapters synthesize background material from topology, algebraic geometry, and commutative algebra so readers do not have to form connections between the literatures on their own. Later chapters demonstrate Peter Symonds's influential proof of David Benson's regularity conjecture, offering several new variants and improvements. Complete with concrete examples and computations throughout, and a list of open problems for further study, this book will be valuable to graduate students and researchers in algebraic geometry and related fields.
Groups : An Introduction to Ideas and Methods of the Theory of Groups
A first course in abstract algebra
Arithmetic and algebra
Contemporary abstract algebra
Multilinear algebra has important applications in many different areas of mathematics but is usually learned in a rather haphazard fashion. The aim of this book is to provide a readable and systematic account of multilinear algebra at a level suitable for graduate students. Professor Northcott gives a thorough treatment of topics such as tensor, exterior, Grassmann, Hopf and co-algebras and ends each chapter with a section entitled 'Comments and Exercises'. The comments contain convenient summaries and discussion of the content whilst the exercises provide an opportunity to test understanding and add extra material. Complete solutions are provided for those exercises that are particularly important or used later in the book. The volume as a whole is based on advanced lectures given by the author at the University of Sheffield.
This is a short, readable introduction to basic linear algebra, as usually encountered in a first course. The development of the subject is integrated with a large number of worked examples that illustrate the ideas and methods. The format of the book, with text and relevant examples on facing pages means that the reader can follow the text uninterrupted. The student should be able to work through the book and learn from it sequentially. Stress is placed on applications of the methods rather than on developing a logical system of theorems. Numerous exercises are provided.
Sheaves of Algebras over Boolean Spaces
Consistency in aggregation, quasilinear means and index numbers
Third Siberian school : algebra and analysis
Analysis. 3, Analytic and differential functions, manifolds and Riemann surfaces
Torsors and Rational Points
Representations of Finite Groups: Local Cohomology and Support
Fundamentals of Group Theory : An Advanced Approach
Recent progress in algebra : an International Conference on Recent Progress in Algebra, August 11-15, 1997, KAIST, Taejon, South Koread
Algebra and trigonometry : a functions approach
The beginnings and evolution of algebra
"The book is the first systematic research completely devoted to a comprehensive study of virtual knots and classical knots as its integral part. The book is self-contained and contains up-to-date exposition of the key aspects of virtual (and classical) knot theory. Virtual knots were discovered by Louis Kauffman in 1996. When virtual knot theory arose, it became clear that classical knot theory was a small integral part of a larger theory, and studying properties of virtual knots helped one understand better some aspects of classical knot theory and encouraged the study of further problems. Virtual knot theory finds its applications in classical knot theory. Virtual knot theory occupies an intermediate position between the theory of knots in arbitrary three-manifold and classical knot theory. In this book we present the latest achievements in virtual knot theory including Khovanov homology theory and parity theory due to V O Manturov and graph-link theory due to both authors. By means of parity, one can construct functorial mappings from knots to knots, filtrations on the space of knots, refine many invariants and prove minimality of many series of knot diagrams. Graph-links can be treated as "diagramless knot theory": such "links" have crossings, but they do not have arcs connecting these crossings. It turns out, however, that to graph-links one can extend many methods of classical and virtual knot theories, in particular, the Khovanov homology and the parity theory."--Publisher's website.
Current developments in mathematics. 1995
Syzygies and Homotopy Theory
Algebraic methods in philosophical logic
Hands-on algebra! : ready-to-use games & activities for grades 7-12
