http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12469 Swedish language
Swedish language
Error error lataa patteri : from language alternation to global multilingual repertoires in Finnish youth radio programs in Finland and Sweden
Non-referential subjects in the history of Swedish
Apokoinou in swedish talk-in-interaction : a family of methods for grammatical construction and the resolving of local communicative projects
The art of accidental reading and incidental listening : an empirical study on the viewing of subtitled films
Word meaning negotiation in online discussion forum communication
Reference, definiteness and the noun phrase in Swedish
Swedish : the complete course. 1, Beginners / part A.
Nusvensk frekvensordbok baserad på tidningstext = Frequency dictionary of present-day Swedish based on newspaper material. 2, Lemman = Lemmas
Assessment of Written Proficiency: Finnish-speaking University Students Writing in Swedish
Phonologic studies of quantity in Swedish : based on material from Stockholm speakers
Young urban Swedish : variation and change in multilingual settings
No abstract
Sociolinguistic fieldwork experiences of the unit for advanced studies in modern Swedish
Learn Swedish now ! : read, listen, speak
Swedish : A complete course for beginners
First come, first served - Först till kvarn får först mala : Translating English idioms into Swedish in Marian Keyes's Rachel's Holiday
Compele Swedish
Aspects of the communicative function of voice in text intonation : constancy and variability in Swedish fundamental frequency contours
Swedish : travel pack
The transience of American Swedish
This article provides an overview of some sociocultural and demographic factors of language maintenance and shift among Hungarians in Finland and Sweden, predominately at the group level. Some of the factors described are: the historical background of Hungarian immigration, settlement patterns, demographic development, geographical areas, participation in Hungarian associations along with the attitudes of the majority group towards Hungarians and the Hungarian language. After this some data is presented about language choice, culture and identity of second-generation Hungarians. The article shows that Hungarians are not a single unified group in Sweden or Finland and both groups face factors that can support or hinder the preservation of the Hungarian language and culture. Swedish-Hungarians have a greater ability to preserve their Hungarianism as a group due to population size and concentration in certain areas, while Finnish-Hungarians can maintain their Hungarian identity due to their comparably high status in society and the positive attitudes of the Finnish majority.  .
Swedish travel pack
Teach yourself Swedish
Hedging in immigration discourse : a comparative study of French and Swedish radio debates
Second language learners' acquisition of grammatical gender in Swedish
Svenska utifrån : schematic grammar : swedish structures and everyday phrases
The linguistic annotation system of the Stockholm-Umeå corpus project
Speak Swedish with confidence
Nusvensk frekvensordbok baserad på tidningstext = Frequency dictionary of present-day Swedish based on newspaper material. 3, Ordförbindelser = Collocations
Designing social actions : grammar, prosody, and interaction in Swedish conversation
Hybrid methods for coreference resolution in Swedish
Yhteenveto. - Abstract.
Nusvensk frekvensordbok baserad på tidningstext = Frequency dictionary of present-day Swedish based on newspaper material. 4, Ordled, betydelser = Morphemes, meanings
Swedish : the complete course. I, Beginners/part A
Modern engelsk-svensk ordbok = A modern English-Swedish dictionary
Svenska för sjukvårdspersonal= Swedish for medical staff. 1
Swedish
Swedish course : basic
Developing and evaluating language tools for writers and learners of swedish
The grammaticalization of ALLTSÅ and SÅLEDES : two Swedish conjuncts revisited
Words, phrases and sentences : a comparison of writing activities and tasks in textbook series of English and Swedish for grades 7 to 9
Learning and using English and Swedish beyond the classroom : activity systems of six upper secondary school students
Tuomioistuinsanasto = Domstolsordlista = Glossary of court terms = Glossar der Gerichtsterminologie = Vocabulaire de la justice
Swedish : the complete course. I, Beginners/part B
Beginner's Swedish : with 2 audio CDs
Signed Swedish
Engelsk-svensk ordbok : skolupplaga = English-Swedish dictionary : school edition
The case of Swedish court documents
Physical and functional aspects of speech sounds : with special application to standard Swedish
Spatial relations : towards a theory of spatial verbs, prepositions, and pronominal adverbs in Swedish
Swedish conversation
Swedish : An essential grammar
The Proficiency in Swedish of Finnish Speaking University Students : Status and Directions for the Future
A study of Swedish compounds
The role of the learner and the way language is portrayed in the exercises of English and Swedish textbooks for adults
Colloquial Swedish : the complete course for beginners
A dictionary of anglicisms in Swedish
Swedish : The complete course 1 : Beginners / Part A
Representations of Finnishness in Sweden
Swedish : the complete course. 1, Beginners / part B.
Interrogative structures of Swedish : aspects of the relation between grammar and speech acts
Swedish: an essential grammar
Tonality in Swedish : rules and a list of minimal pairs
Get started in Swedish
Structure, alignment and optimality in Swedish
Swedish in 60 minutes
Aspects of Swedish speech rhythm
Nusvensk frekvensordbok baserad på tidningstext = Frequency dictionary of present-day Swedish based on newspaper material. 1, Graford : homografkomponenter = Graphic : homograph components
On observing real-time language change : a Swedish case study
Culture and kultur - what is the difference, or is there any? : a comparative analysis of cultural content in English and Swedish textbook series for upper secondary school
Hungarians in Finland and Sweden: Comparison of Some Sociocultural and Demographic Factors on Language Choice, Culture and Identity
Internal juncture in Swedish
Identity and causality in Swedish LSP texts
To succeed is to believe : comparison of self-efficacy beliefs in language learning between learner groups of English and Swedish in Finland
Swedish : The complete course 1 : Beginners / Part B
Signs of acquiring bimodal bilingualism differently : a longitudinal case study of mediating a deaf and a hearing twin in a deaf family
Phonologic studies of quantity in swedish : based on material from Stockholm speakers
Stora engelsk-svenska ordboken = a comprehensive english-swedish dictionary
The Environmental Dictionary EnDic covers a wide field of environmental protection and nature conservation - e.g. such fields as meteorology, hydrology, environmental engineering, water supply and wastewater treatment, waste management, and the environmental policy of the EU.
Swedish : a complete course for beginners
Where have all the swearwords gone? : An analysis of the loss of swearwords in two Swedish translations of J. D. Salinger's Catcher in the Rye
"Hey what's up dude!" : greetings in email messages in L2 English and L2 Swedish
Swedish phrase book & dictionary
