http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1250 festivities
festivities
Vaisnavī : women and the worship of Krishna
Ritual in early modern Europe
The silence of memory : Armistice Day 1919-1946
Special events : the roots and wings of celebration
Native American worldviews : an introduction
A practical guide to alternative weddings
Religious rites and festivals of India
The portable queen : Elizabeth I and the politics of ceremony
The archaeology of ritual and magic
Play, symbolism, and ritual : a study of Tamil Brahmin women's rites of passage
"Franks, burgundians, and aquitanians" and the royal coronation ceremony in France
Cherokee dance and drama
Splendour at court : renaissance spectacle and illusion
Moving out from a particular problem about a particular Athenian festival, the late Christiane Sourvinou-Inwood investigates central questions concerning Athenian festivals and the myths that underlay them. She studies the role played at festivals by hereditary religious associations, showing how simple actions of undressing, veiling, bathing, and re-dressing a statue created a symbolic drama of abnormality, reversion to primeval time, and renewal for the Athenians. Sourvinou-Inwood also offers a reading of the ever controversial Parthenon frieze. Her book, brought to completion by Robert Parker, displays all the attention to detail and the concern for methodological rigour that have made her an iconic figure among students of Greek religion.
Scenarios of power : myth and ceremony in Russian monarchy. Vol. 1, From Peter the Great to the death of Nicholas I
Ceremonial entries in early modern Europe : the iconography of power
Bear ceremonialism and its ecological aspects among subarctic and plain indians
The renaissance of marriage in fifteenth-century Italy
The quinceañera, the fifteenth birthday celebration for a Latina girl, is quickly becoming an American event. This legendary party is a sight to behold: lavish ball gowns, extravagant catered meals, DJs, limousines, and multi-tiered cakes. The must-haves for a "quince" are becoming as numerous and costly as a prom or wedding. And yet, this elaborate ritual also hearkens back to traditions from native countries and communities, offering young Latinas a chance to connect with their heritage. Writer Alvarez explores this celebration that brings a Latina girl into womanhood, attending the quince of a young woman in Queens, and weaving in interviews with other quince girls, her own memories of coming of age as an immigrant, and the history of the custom itself. The result is an enlightening, accessible, and entertaining portrait of contemporary Latino culture.--From publisher description.
Vasantotsava : the spring festivals of India : texts and traditions
Europa triumphans : court and civic festivals in early modern Europe
Cambridge Act and Tripos verses, 1565-1894
Etrusco ritu : case studies in Etruscan ritual behaviour
Material vernaculars : objects, images, and their social worlds
Celebration : Tlingit, Haida, Tsimshian dancing on the land
Once upon a quinceañera : coming of age in the USA
Europa triumphans : court and civic festivals in early modern Europe. Volume 2
Bride ales and penny weddings : recreations, reciprocity, and regions in Britain from the sixteenth to the nineteenth century
African arms and armour
Dance-rituals of Manipur, India : an introduction to "Meitei Jagoi"
Europa triumphans : court and civic festivals in early modern Europe. Volume 1
Contemporary Lithuanian weddings in Vilnius City
The film captures the detailed procedures of Korea's ceremonial rituals that have been preserved through the diligent efforts of Ms. Choi So-hui, the eldest daughter-in-law of the 14th generation of a local family clan, as she goes about preparing a variety of foods for ancestral rites. Also describes "Suunjapbang," Korea's oldest known cookbook.
Special event production : the process
Food and the rites of passage
Masks : faces of culture
Athenian myths and festivals : Aglauros, Erechtheus, Plynteria, Panathenaia, Dionysia
This must-have guide to special event production looks deep behind the scenes of an event and dissects what it is that creates success. It analyses the process - the planning and business aspects - to provide a unique guide to producing a variety of events from weddings to festivals. It explains thoroughly budgeting and resource concerns, planning and cost projections and the role of the well-crafted proposal.
African ceremonies
The old customs and ceremonies of London
We are what we celebrate : understanding holidays and rituals
The progresses, pageants, and entertainments of Queen Elizabeth I
Special event production. The process
Yoruba ritual : performers, play, agency
Ovid and the Fasti : an historical study
The power of feasts : from prehistory to the present
Celebrating events with banquets and ceremonies in the Joseon dynasty
Shakespeareś festive tragedy : the ritual foundations of genre
Su wun jab bang : Traditions beyond 500 years : Korea's traditional tastes
Planning a wedding : a step-by-step guide to your special day
Living with śakti : gender, sexuality and religion in South Asia
The earth mother
Tournaments : jousts, chivalry and pageants in the Middle Ages
Religion and revelry in Shakespeare's festive world
Dates and meanings of religious and other multi-ethnic festivals 2002-2005
Encyclopedia of religious rites, rituals, and festivals
Corporate celebration : play, purpose, and profit at work
Riot and revelry in early America
The politics of national celebrations in the Arab Middle East
Dictatorship and festivals
Civic ceremony and religion in medieval Bruges c. 1300-1520
Decorated man : the human body as art
The osage ceremonial dance I'n-Lon-Schka
The origins of Roman historical commemoration in the visual arts
When in Finland, do as the Finns do : know the rules and succeed!
Sacred folly : a new history of the Feast of Fools
Embodied rituals & ritualized bodies : tracing ritual practices in Late Mesolithic burials
Funerals, politics, and memory in modern France, 1789-1996
The complete wedding music planner
