http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12538 folk writers
folk writers
Burns : a study of the poems and songs
The Cambridge history of English poetry
Streetwalking the metropolis : women, the city, and modernity
The Oxford history of New Zealand literature in English
Hare and Hornbill
From family inscriptions to autobiographical novels : motives for writing in grassroots life stories in 19th-century Finland
Hitch-22 : a memoir
Postcolonial London : rewriting the metropolis
Beyond the movie : The lord of the rings : The fellowship of the ring
The Zhivago affair : the Kremlin, the CIA, and the battle over a forbidden book
The story of Kullervo
Abstract.
Imagining modernity in the Andes
Homer the preclassic
Fairy godfather : Straparola, Venice, and the fairy tale tradition
And yet... : essays
Handbook of Native American literature
Literary formations : post-colonialism, nationalism, globalism
The grammar of identity : transnational fiction and the nature of the boundary
"I can sing Hallellujah!" : hymn as non-elite women's genre in nineteenth-century Finland
Encyclopedia of folklore and literature
Diaries and letters 1945-1962
Indi'n humor : bicultural play in native America
Works and lives : the anthropologist as author
Shakespeare's England : an account of the life & manners of his age. Volume 1.
Dictionary of literary biography. Vol. 175, Native American writers of the United States
Literature of Finland : an outline
The secret life of France
Bear's ears : an anthology of Latvian literature
An Interview with Tomson Highway
Hope and memory : lessons from the twentieth century
First and other nations
Crossing scholarly borders : interdisciplinary studies of language, literature, and culture
As red as blood
Odd man out? : the self-educated philosopher and his social analyses of 19th-century Finland
Interfaces between the oral and the written = Interfaces entre l'écrit et l'oral
Material without value? : the recollections of Guđrún Ketilsdóttir
No beginning no end : the Sami speak up
Folklore and modern Irish writing
"Restoring the imprisoned nation to itself": Resistance, repossession, and reconciliation in the plays of Tomson Highway
"I didn't even know what an Indian was" : resisting aboriginal stereotypes in children's picture books
Encyclopedia of African American history, 1896 to the present : from the age of segregation to the twenty-first century
Fictions of the Irish literary revival : a changeling art
At home in diaspora : Black international writing
Cosmopolitan fictions : ethics, politics, and global change in the works of Kazuo Ishiguro, Michael Ondaatje, Jamaica Kincaid, and J. M. Coetzee
Doin' Mudrooroo : elements of style and involvement in the early prose fiction of Mudrooroo
Contemporary native American literature
Writing Englishness 1900-1950 : an introductory sourcebook on national identity
This collection in part examines the legacy of the consummate Nigerian stage artist and scholar, Esiaba Irobi (1960–2010). Poems, tributes, and studies celebrate Irobi’s significance as actor, playwright, director, poet, and theatre theorist. Irobi’s life, temper, times, and career are inextricably linked to the history, development, concerns, and uses of drama and theatre in Africa. The contributions highlight the evolution of autochthonous theatrical practices: the interaction between Western and indigenous African performance traditions; colonial/postcolonial government policies and the mutations of drama and theatre (and critical commentary); the tensions inherent in postcolonial conceptions of history, identity, nationhood, and articulations of alternative aesthetics, pedagogies, and epistemologies for postcolonial African theatre; staging African plays in the West; and the constituencies of the contemporary African playwright and director. The strength of these studies derives primarily from nuanced examinations of the concerns and careers of particular African playwrights; the history, offerings, and fortunes of particular theatrical arenas, and close explorations of specific performances and texts. The foregrounding of correspondences in the dramaturgies and intellectual ferment of the continent critically accentuates equally privileged regional, historical, and other crucial specificities. Situated in time and place while underscoring the political and intellectual intersections of a shared history of colonialism, the contributions to 'Syncretic arenas', individually and collectively, reveal the transformations and growing strengths of postcolonialism as an analytical strategy.
The culture concept : writing and difference in the Age of Realism
Ordinary writings, personal narratives : writing practices in 19th and early 20th-century Europe
Fables of a Jewish Aesop
Littera Baltica : report : the conference of writers from the Baltic area in Turku in October 18-20, 1996
Finland : a cultural encyclopedia
Voodoo priests, noble savages, and Ozark Gypsies : the life of folklorist Mary Alicia Owen
Post-colonial and African American women's writing : a critical introduction
People of the puszta
Just and unjust wars : a moral argument with historical illustrations
A history of Canadian literature
From the award-winning author of 'Half of a Yellow Sun,' a powerful story of love, race and identity. As teenagers in Lagos, Ifemelu and Obinze fall in love. Their Nigeria is under military dictatorship, and people are fleeing the country if they can. The self-assured Ifemelu departs for America. There she suffers defeats and triumphs, finds and loses relationships, all the while feeling the weight of something she never thought of back home: race. Obinze had hoped to join her, but post-9/11 America will not let him in, and he plunges into a dangerous, undocumented life in London. Thirteen years later, Obinze is a wealthy man in a newly democratic Nigeria, while Ifemelu has achieved success as a blogger. But after so long apart and so many changes, will they find the courage to meet again, face to face? Fearless, gripping, spanning three continents and numerous lives, 'Americanah' is a richly told story of love and expectation set in today's globalized world.
Russian magic tales from Pushkin to Platonov
Angela Carter and the fairy tale
Diaries and letters 1939-1945
Gilbert & Gubar's The madwoman in the attic after thirty years
Americanah
White Field, black seeds : Nordic literacy practices in the long nineteenth century
Listening to the land : native American literary responses to the landscape
Ploughing with the pen : metapoetic elements in Finnish nineteenth-century peasant poetry
Syncretic arenas : essays on postcolonial African drama and theatre for Esiaba Irobi
Karelia written and sung : representations of locality in Soviet and Russian contexts
Diaries and letters 1930-1939
Australian literature : an anthology of writing from the land down under
Text and nation : essays on post-colonial cultural politics
The Cambridge companion to Canadian literature
Mirror, mirror on the wall : women writers explore their favorite fairy tales
Arguably
Ploughing with a pen : new publications on 'ordinary' writers
Brothers & beasts : an anthology of men on fairy tales
Appropriation and representation : Feng Menglong and the Chinese vernacular story
Feminist poetics : poiesis, performance, histories
Transforming qualitative data : description, analysis and interpretation
Speaking for the generations : native writers on writing
Stories of walking, stories of driving : modernization, gender and popular irony in the oral-literary local tradition of a Finnish industrial community
Building the nation, lighting the torch : excursion into the writings of the common people in nineteenth-century Finland
Intellectual property and international trade : the TRIPs agreement
"Before the innovative work of Zora Neale Hurston, folklorists from the Hampton Institute collected, studied, and wrote about African American folklore. Like Hurston, these folklorists worked within but also beyond the bounds of white mainstream institutions. They often called into question the meaning of the very folklore projects in which they were engaged. Shirley Moddy-Turner analyzes this output, along with the contributions of a disparate group of African American authors and scholars. She explores how black authors and folklorists were active participants--rather than passive observers--in conversations about the politics of representing black folklore. Examining literary texts, folklore documents, and cultural performances, legal discourse, and political rhetoric, Black Folklore and the Politics of Racial Representation demonstrates how folklore studies became a battleground across which issues of racial identity and difference were asserted and debated at the turn of the twentieth century. The study is framed by two questions of historical and continuing import. What role have representations of black folklore played in constructing racial identity? And, how have those ideas impacted the way African Americans think about and creatively engage black traditions? Moody-Turner renders established historical facts in a new light and context, taking figures we thought we knew--such as Charles Chesnutt, Anna Julia Cooper, and paul Laurence Dunbar--and recasting their place in African American intellectual and cultural history" --
A companion to Australian aboriginal literature
Black folklore and the politics of racial representation
White field, black seeds : Nordic literacy practices in the long nineteenth century
Speak like singing : classics of native American literature
