http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12508 maternity
maternity motherhood
21th century girls : how female minds develop, how to raise bright, balanced girls and why today's world needs them more than ever
Goddess of Vengeance
Depression in new mothers : causes, consequences, and treatment alternatives
Abstract.
Karen Alpert, writer of the blog Baby Sideburns, shares funny stories and pictures from her experiences raising her young son and daughter.
Absent or Ambivalent Mothers and Avoidant Children - An Evolutionary Reading of Zhang Kangkang's Motherhood Stories
The joys of motherhood
Finnish Yearbook of Population Research 2009 : Special Issue of the 16th Nordic Demographic Symposium in Helsinki
Then came you
A mother's story
A mother's eye : motherhood and feminism
Mommy guilt : learn to worry less, focus on what matters most, and raise happier kids
The psychology of women : a psychoanalytic interpretation. Vol. 2, Motherhood
Finnish yearbook of population research. XLIX, 2014
The yummy mummy's survival guide
Making babies : stumbling into motherhood
Challenging motherhood(s)
Pregnancy & birth : everything you need to know
Essays and interviews explode the myth of apolitical motherhood by showing how 20th century women have politicized their role as mothers in a wide range of social contexts.
I heart my little a-holes : a bunch of holy-crap moments no one ever told you about parenting
Flora and Grace
Mothering against the odds : diverse voices of contemporary mothers
The attachment pregnancy
The pregnancy book : the health education authority's complete guide to pregnancy, childbirth and the first few weeks with a new baby
The Myths of motherhood : how culture reinvents the good mother
A beautiful young wife
Maternal instincts : visions of motherhood and sexuality in Britain, 1875-1925
Maternal responsibility and changing relationality at the beginning of motherhood
Expecting a baby? : a complete guide to pregnancy, birth and your baby's first six weeks
See-sawing between work and home : shift-working mothers' perceptions on work/family balance
Uncertain motherhood : negotiating the risks of the childbearing years
Accompanied by guilt : modern motherhood the Swedish way
Perusterveydenhuolto 2013 = Primärvård 2013 = Primary health care services 2013
Maternal bonding
During the Holocaus Jewish mothers and their children were treated by the Nazis not as non-combatants but as enemies posing a direct racial threat to the Reich. This paper will use the recent research into gender and the Holocaust and oral histories of mothers and daughters who survived the Holocaust to show how woment experienced and resisted that status as "enemies" of the Reich. And more to the theological point, this paper will explore how those mothers' suffering and resistance to their own and their children's suffering signals towards another model of convenantal relation between God and Israel where God's promise to Israel in Leviticus 26: "I will be ever in your midst; I will be your God, and you shall be My people" need no longer be figured in terms of loyality and obedience to the commandment of an overbearing Lord.
A life without you
The pregnancy & postpartum anxiety workbook : practical skills to help you overcome anxiety, worry, panic attacks, obsessions, and compulsions
Pregnancy and parenting after thirty-five : mid life, new life
The cradle snatcher
Transition to parenthood : women's expericences of "labour"
The rise and fall of a yummy mummy
Making sense of motherhood : a narrative approach
Mean moms rule : why doing the hard stuff now creates good kids later
My mum is beautiful
A mother is born : preparing for motherhood during pregnancy
This evolutionary reading of the Chinese writer Zhang Kangkang's maternal stories explores the specificities and agency of mothers and of children. The dilemma confronted by physically absent and/or emotionally detached mothers, depicted in Zhang's stories, entails women's strategic intelligence to make tradeoffs between their reproductive efforts and their life stage and conditions. It sheds light on conditional maternal commitment, the necessity and feasibility of cooperative childrearing, and various mother-child conflicts. Zhang's texts also describe insecurely attached infants and children who sink into a nonchalant and avoidant state after experiencing distress, terror, or resentment due to insensitive and unpredictable mothering. Absent and ambivalent mothers are generally harassed by the feeling of guilt, resulting from conditional maternal commitment, mother-child conflicts, and the high expectations of the motherhood myth. Children's counterstrategies also regulate and enhance maternal or alloparental care.
The depressed mother : a practical guide to treatment and support
Classic poems for mothers
The birth of a mother : how motherhood changes you forever
This book examines how adolescence, menstruation and pregnancy were experienced or 'managed' by active women in Britain between 1930 and 1970, and how their athletic life-styles interacted with their working lives, marriage and motherhood. It explores the gendered barriers which have influenced women's sporting experiences. Women's lives have always been shaped by the socially and physically constructed life-cycle, and this is all the more apparent when we look at female exercise. Even self-proclaimed 'sporty' women have had to negotiate obstacles at various stages of their lives to try and maintain their athletic identity. So how did women overcome these obstacles to gain access to exercise in a time when the sportswoman was not an image society was wholly comfortable with? Oral history testimony and extensive archival research show how the physically and socially constructed female life-cycle shaped women's experiences of exercise and sport throughout these decades.
Offering a comprehensive approach to treating postpartum depression, including treatment options for breastfeeding mothers, the author addresses problems such as fatigue, pain, negative birth experiences, infant characteristics, & psychosocial factors.
Maternity nursing : an introductory text
If you are the kind of mom who opened up your freezer and panicked because you forgot to buy more frozen pizzas, then you need to read this book. A celebration of mediocre parents and how awesome they are and how their kids love them just as much as children with perfect parents, Alpert's observations will have you nodding your head and peeing in your pants. Or on the toilet if you're smart and read it there.
Socio-demographic factors and incidence of caesarean sections in Mozambique
Barries to utilization of focused antenatal care among pregnant women in ntchisi district in Malawi
Development of maternity clinic on the net service : views of pregnant families and professionals
Outcomes of prenatal nutrition counselling in developing countries
Cultural images of a good mother and a good father in three generations
The postpartum effect : deadly depression in mothers
Everything and nothing
'I didn't realise my mother was a person until I was thirteen years old and she pulled me out of bed, put me in the back of her car, and we left home and my dad with no explanations. I thought that Ma was all that she was and all that she had ever wanted to be. I was wrong. As we made our way from Virginia to California, returning to the places where she'd lived as a child in foster care and as a teenager on the run, repaying debts and keeping promises, I learned who she was in her life-before-me - and the secrets she had kept, even from herself. But when life on the road began to feel normal I couldn't forget the home we'd left behind, couldn't deny that, just like my mother, I too had unfinished business.'
Mother leads best : 50 women who are changing the way organizations define leadership
Leaving the world
Things I wish I'd known : women tell the truth about motherhood
Yoga for new mothers : getting your body and mind back in shape the natural way after birth
Implementation of interventions in the CHIMACA project
Exercise in the female life-cycle in Britain, 1930-1970
The birth of love
And God created the au pair
Living faith : everyday religion and mothers in poverty
Post-natal depression : psychology, science and the transition to motherhood
Twice born
Parenting apart : how separated and divorced parents can raise happy and secure children
The girlfriends' guide to getting your life back after children : loving your family without losing your mind
Perusterveydenhuolto 2012 = Primärvård 2012 = Primary health care services 2012
Early and late motherhood : economic, family background and social conditions
Women's leader-member relationships during pregnancy and the return to work
The womanly art of breastfeeding
Harvesting the heart
Born in the USA : exceptionalism in maternity care organisation among high-income countries
Composed : a memoir
Mum to mum  : happy memories and honest advice to real mum
Women's autonomy and maternal health care utilization in Nepal
This child of mine
The adulteress's child : authorship and desire in the nineteenth-century novel
What to expect when you're expecting
The lying game
Earth mother in a test-tube : a study of contemporary western motherhood
The diving pool : three novellas
Home as a bodily experience of a mother : rewriting two Finnish texts
Doing pregnancy, the unborn, and the maternity healthcare institution
Mothers raising sons : what every mother needs to know to save her sanity!
What mothers do especially when it looks like nothing
Nora Webster : a novel
Linking research and practice in midwifery : a guide to evidence-based practice
How to rock your baby : and other timeless tips for modern moms
Sacred motherhood : an inspirational guide and journal for mindfully mothering children of all ages
Women as mothers
Baby-led parenting : the easy way to nurture, understand and connect with your baby
The effect of the infant on its caregiver
Maternity and child welfare clinics in Hämeenlinna : Support material for Englis-speaking clients
Birth by design : pregnancy, maternity care, and midwifery in North America and Europe
Childbearing and Work-Family Balance among Contemporary Russian Women
Raising baby by the book : the education of American mothers
Letter to families from Pope John Paul II
The first bad man : a novel
Maternal deprivation reassessed
In this work, the author's detailed readings of birth stories - both literary and medical - reveal deeply embedded assumptions about how women are viewed and view ourselves. The current debates about "natural" childbirth as advocated by Sheila Kitzinger, Grantly Read Dick and others, are examined alongside key literary works by writers such as Doris Lessing, Margaret Atwood, Fay Weldon and Toni Morrison. Cosslett's case for a re-evaluation of motherhood in today's society aims to present a challenge as much to feminists themselves as to the medical and scientific world.
Men's Socio-Demographic Background and Maternal Health Care Utilization in Ethiopia
This groundbreaking and irreverent history of motherhood is worth a hundred advice books for any mother who's ever been made to feel guilty or frazzled by society's impossible expectations. Analyzing data from the psychoanalyst's couch to the hidden history of wet nursing, psychologist Shari L. Thurer wends her way from the Stone Age to the age of Hillary Rodham Clinton, painting a vivid, often frightening picture of life for mothers and children in a time when their roles were constructed by men. Along the way, she debunks myth after myth - exposing the not-so-golden ages of Classical Greece and the Italian Renaissance, and revealing the pervasive ideal of Dr. Spock's selfless, stay-at-home mother as the historical aberration it actually was. A work of impassioned scholarship and astonishing range, The Myths of Motherhood does nothing less than recast our conception of good mothering.
My pregnancy : nutrition, antenatal care, fitness, emotional wellbeing, childbirth, babycare
Mothers and aliens : the construction of the representations of motherhood in the alien films
Days of awe : a novel
I don't know how she does it : a comedy about failure, a tragedy about success
Representations of motherhood
Truth about you
Mothering : toward a new psychoanalytic construction
The family of woman : lesbian mothers, their children, and the undoing of gender
The health and wellbeing problems of the families with children have become more complex today. Improving preventive services and facilitating an early intervention in health and wellbeing problems of the families are the main challenges. A better interprofessional collaboration (IPC) of the professionals is needed to maintain the well-being level of the families high. These are skills to be learned during undergraduate education. An interprofessional pair training (IPT) for maternity and child health clinics was implemented in collaboration with primary health care centre and two universities of Oulu to develop an interprofessional education (IPE) model for undergraduate level students. Fifth year medical students (n = 101) and fourth year public health nurses (n = 31) and teachers participated in the training program during 2010-2012. The study aimed at investigating students' attitudes and readiness for interprofessional learning (IPL), at strengthening their professional skills and at gathering clients' experiences. The interprofessional student pairs met with the client visits independently. One pair contacted three clients during the day. They examined and observed the examination of the other pair. The feedback was collected from the students and the clients. Students' attitudes and readiness for IPL were assessed using RIPLS (Readiness for interprofessional learning scale). Both medical and nurse students attached great importance to teamwork and collaboration. Nurse students appreciated the learning of roles and responsibilities more important in comparison to the medical students. A tendency for stronger professional identity among medical student was noted. The clients' expectations were fulfilled. The training periods gave valuable experience to develop IP pair training for collaborative practices in primary health care and undergraduate health care education. The study results are important for curriculum development as well.
Bring it on, baby : [how to have a dudelike pregnancy]
Motherhood reconceived : feminism and the legacies of the sixties
Everyday sexism
Bearing meaning : the language of birth
Mothers and children : feminist analyses and personal narratives
The study investigates parental child rearing methods, structural factors relating to the family during adolescence geographic segregation, individual resource deficits and social background of first time late live births among 32 to 37 years old women and compare to teenagers before becoming teenage mothers. The purpose is to study if results will be consistent with the hypotheses that poverty, social deprivation during adolescence and low education are causes of teen childbearing but also childlessness among elder women in the age group 32 to 37 years old. Could childlessness as well as teenage motherhood bee seen as a consequence of social deprivation and lack of educational possibilities? A discrete-time proportional hazard Cox model is applied to analyze the longitudinal observations of population-based registers covering 1980-2003 for girls born in 1966. Results show a significant economic and social gradient for first-time teenage mothers. Teenagers who had experienced family separation or who were formerly in out-of-home care in particular had an increased risk of early childbearing. Results showed that teenage mothers were in every respect in a more disadvantaged position than pregnant teenagers who had an induced abortion. Quite the opposite pattern is disclosed for late motherhood. Late first time childbirth is more commonly seen among women with a better family background and educated position than childless women in the same age group. The late first-time pregnant women who chose abortion are in a more disadvantaged position than the women who become a mother for the first time in the age group 32 to 37 years old. Conclusion: Disadvantage during adolescence is a precursor for teenage child bearing while parental unemployment and poverty are precursors of lifetime childlessness. While social disadvantage is a precursor for first time late abortion among 32 to 37 years old women, the teenage mothers are in a more disadvantage position than teenagers who choose induced abortions. Social disadvantages inflict at the same time early motherhood and childlessness because social disadvantages influence young women differently than elder women. .
The kiss of the Shekhinah : narratives of human and divine motherhood in the Holocaust
The purpose of this article is to examine professional practices in matemity and child health care in two countries, Finland and Scotland, concentrating on how motherhood is located in family context, on how family is defined and worked with. Subthemes analysed are the role of fathers, 'family support' fr mothers and the discussion over lone motherhood. The study was carried out through local case studies using ethnographic methods, mainly observation and interviews with health professionals. Results show that Finnish health professionals have adopted a family-oriented way of working emphasising the importance of pair relationships and shared parenthood, compared with their Scottish colleagues, who work in a more women-oriented way and emphasise the role of other women as social support fr mothers. In conclusion the two different professional orientations are connected to wider social and cultural differences between the two countries. .
The best friend's guide to toddlers : a survival manual to the 'terrible twos' (and ones and threes)
Collaborative learning in maternity and child health clinics
Taking up one's worries : a handbook on early dialogues
Surrogate motherhood : a discourse of the investment of bodies
Vanish : a novel
I don't know why she bothers : guilt-free motherhood for thoroughly modern women
Right time baby
Post-Natal depression : Psychology, science and the transition to motherhood
The politics of motherhood : activist voices from left to right
Postnatal depression : prevalence, identification and treatment
I want my epidural back : adventures in mediocre parenting
There are contrasting views on how gender equality affects fertility in contemporary European societies. This article discusses the Russian situation by asking how tensions in the contemporary gender system relate to reproductive decision-making and identity. How do gendered practices and identities influence womens intentions to have children? In depth interview data gathered during the last decade is used to analyze how the two main gender contracts of the professional women and the working mother relate to family planning, child birth, pregnancies, and mothering. Results indicate that while Russian women experience increasing pressure of the double burden and few signs of increasing gender equality in domestic life, the stable identity of Russian mothering contributes to the birth of at least one child. Childbearing does not depend directly on gender roles and division of labor in households. The decision to have a child and care for small children continues to be womens responsibility even as fertility patterns have modernized and gender equality in couple relations is slightly increasing. However, the type of gender contract influences the process of negotiation concerning reproductive matters and the timing of childbirth. .
The politics of female households : ladies-in-waiting across early modern Europe
Eating for two : the complete guide to nutrition during pregnancy and beyond
Motherhood in family context : comparing professional practices in maternity and child health care in Finland and Scotland
Spiritual pregnancy : develop, nurture, & embrace the journey to motherhood
The Lauras
Interaction as determining element of experienced service quality : a healthcare example
Becoming a mother
Supporting parenthood in interaction : a conversation analytic study of maternity and child health clinics
Motherbridge of love
The experiences, knowledge and education of nurses and midwives about the rainbow-families in nursing practice
Then Came You
The only boy for me
Tuberculosis Reawakening - Considerations in Maternal Welfare
Neon Wasteland : on love, motherhood, and sex work in a rust belt town
When baby brings the blues : solutions for postpartum depression
Mommies who drink : sex, drugs, and other distant memories of an ordinary mom
Images of woman and child from Bronz Age : reconsidering fertility, maternity and gender in the ancient world
Reproductive health in southern Africa : government policies and changes in sexual and reproductive health and rights : final report
Motherhood : a feminist perspective
The awakening
Aspects of the feminine
One step closer to you
The wooden chair
A mother apart : how to let go of guilt & find happiness living apart from your child
"Filled with unique insights into the spiritual nature of pregnancy, this compassionate guide takes you, the expectant mother, and your loved ones along a “hero’s journey” of discovery. Each trimester correlates to a stage of the epic journey where emotional, spiritual, and physical connections heighten your awareness of yourself and your unborn child. Through these stages, the mundane and everyday are elevated to the sublime and transformative.  With their extensive training and experience in allopathic wellness and integrative medicine, Shawn A. Tassone and Kathryn M. Landherr have created a book full of guided meditations, journaling exercises, and spiritual traditions from a variety of cultures."--Publisher description.
After birth
Precarious pregnancies : alcohol, drugs and the regulation of risks
The adoption
Women writing childbirth : modern discourses of motherhood
Maternity and child welfare : a textbook for public health workers
The contented mother's guide : essential advice to help you be a happy, calm and confident mother
God help the child
Listen to your mother : what she said then, what we're saying now
Teiniäidit = Teenage mothers
Secret diary of a demented housewife
We're  having a baby  [Elektroninen aineisto] : a guidebook for expectant parents
Discursive matrixes of motherhood : cultivating decency and emotion in Finnish and French mother-talk
Your pregnancy companion
Midwives, families and everyday health information and ICT interactions : exploration of identities and networks
The mother's tale
The child-bearing decision : motivational aspects, process characteristics and consequences of the decision
The house of hidden mothers
Maternal Instincts brings together seven new essays exploring conflicting visions of motherhood and sexuality in a period during which both terms were undergoing radical change. Representations of both concepts mutated to accommodate different cultural contexts and individual ideologies. Drawing upon sources including literature, film, medical handbooks, popular science, and legal records, the articles here collected construct a vision of motherhood as alternately idealized, discredited, and fragmented by virtue of its connection with sexualities licit and illicit.
