http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12550 health psychology
health psychology
Coping with the psychological effects of cancer
Health psychology : biopsychosocial interactions
The psychology of health : an introduction
New directions in organizational psychology and behavioural medicine
Enough caregiver time for children adopted from abroad to Finland? : Child and family background factors associated with daycare start - FinAdo study
The Wiley-Blackwell handbook of infant development. Volume 2, Applied and policy issues
Cambridge handbook of psychology, health and medicine
Health psychology : for health care professionals
Topics in health psychology
Psychology and sociology applied to medicine : an illustrated colour text
Psychology : the brain, the person, the world
Psychology builds a healthy world : opportunities for research and practice
Prevention psychology : enhancing personal and social well-being
Handbook of clinical health psychology
Child health psychology : a biopsychosocial perspective
Psychological consequences of cancer from the salutogenic and dyadic perspective
Comprehensive clinical psychology. Vol. 8, Health psychology
Health psychology - a handbook : theories, applications and challenges of a psychological approach to the health care system
Ritual invention : a play perspective on existential ritual and mental health in late modern Sweden
Encyclopedia of health psychology
Individual differences, stress, and health psychology
Sick and tired : healing the illnesses doctors cannot cure
Handbook of psychology and health. 2, Issues in child health and adolescent health
Socioemotional development and health from adolescence to adulthood
Psychology in context
Handbook of physiological research methods in health psychology
Stress, cognition and health
Health psychology : a lifespan perspective
WHY? HOW? and WHO? : a study on life dynamics and experiences of 50+ people living with HIV/AIDS in Finland
Psychological resources, their social antecedents, and association with well-being and health behaviour in early adulthood
Qualitative health psychology : theories and methods
Psychology for nurses and allied health professionals : applying theory to practice
Emotional interplay and communication with patients diagnosed with schizophrenia
Risk communication and health psychology
Sport and physical activity for mental health
Health psychology : a textbook
Health psychology : process and applications
Adolescent self-reported health in the Umeå region : associations with behavioral, parental and school factors
Advances in health psychology : critical approaches
Health psychology : challenging the biomedical model
Health psychology : theory, research and practice
Psychological distress in dyspepsia
In todays difficult global economy, work stress is high, and this stressalong with other health factorscan affect work productivity, satisfaction, safety, absenteeism, turnover, and even workplace violence. As a result, organizations are increasingly turning to occupational health psychology (OHP) to develop, maintain, and promote the health of employees. This second edition of the Handbook of Occupational Health Psychology reviews the history of OHP; theories and models; causes of work problems and risks; resulting symptoms and disorders; prevention, intervention, and treatment strategies used by practicing professions; and methods of research and evaluation. The chapters have been updated since the first edition was published, and several new chapters have been added addressing cross-cultural issues, leadership, pain and musculoskeletal conditions, substance abuse, and organizational justice
Health psychology : topics in applied psychology
Critical health psychology
Behavior and medicine
The encyclopaedic dictionary of psychology
Pupil-related psychosocial factors, school setting, and teacher sick leave : a collaborative data study
Human costs of organizational downsizing : comparing health trends between leavers and stayers
Handbook of occupational health psychology
Prevention through political action and social change
Health psychology in practice
Childhood determinants of later health
The psychology of appearance
The prevention of eating problems and eating disorders : theory, research, and practice
Exercise and women's health
Health psychology : a biopsychosocial approach
Occupational therapy in mental health
Personality functioning and psychotherapy outcome
Pain profiles and changes in disability and ability to work during active low back rehabilitation
This in-depth survey of salutogenesis shows the breadth and strengths of this innovative perspective on health promotion, health care, and wellness. Background and historical chapters trace the development of the salutogenic model of health, and flesh out the central concepts, most notably generalized resistance resources and the sense of coherence, that differentiate it from pathogenesis. From there, experts describe a range of real-world applications within and outside health contexts, from positive psychology to geriatrics, from small towns to corrections facilities, and from school and workplace to professional training. Perspectives from scholars publishing in languages other than English show the global relevance of the field. Among the topics in the Handbook: · Emerging ideas relevant to the salutogenic model of health · Specific resistance resources in the salutogenic model of health · The sense of coherence and its measurement · The application of salutogenesis in communities and neighborhoods · The application of salutogenesis to health development in youth with chronic conditions · The application of salutogenesis in mental health care settings The Handbook of Salutogenesis summarizes an increasingly salient field for graduate and professional students of public health, nursing, psychology, and medicine, and for their instructors. It will also appeal to health-related academicians and professionals who wish to have a thorough grounding in the topic.
Health Economics and Outcome Studies on Type 2 Diabetes Education and Screening in a Chinese Population
Rethinking health psychology
Social competence in children
"The positive benefits of physical activity for physical and mental health are now widely acknowledged, yet levels of physical inactivity continue to increase throughout the developed world. Understanding the psychology of physical activity has therefore become an important concern for scientists, health professionals and policy-makers alike. Psychology of Physical Activity is a comprehensive and in-depth introduction to the fundamentals of exercise psychology, from theories of motivation and adherence to the design of successful interventions for increasing participation. Now in a fully revised, updated and expanded third edition, Psychology of Physical Activity is still the only textbook to offer a full survey of the evidence-base for theory and practice in exercise psychology, and the only textbook that explains how to interpret the quality of the research evidence. With international cases, examples and data included throughout, the book also provides a thoroughly detailed examination of the relationship between physical activity and mental health. A full companion website offers useful features to help students and lecturers get the most out of the book during their course, including multiple-choice revision questions, flashcards, PowerPoint slides, an instructors' guide and a test bank of additional short answer and essay questions. Psychology of Physical Activity is the most authoritative, engaging and up-to-date introduction to exercise psychology currently available. It is essential reading for all students working in exercise and health sciences"--
From insecure to secure employment : changes in work, health, health related behaviours, and sickness absence
Contingent employment, health and sickness absence
Handbook of clinical health psychology. Vol. 3
With approximately 1 in 6 adults likely to experience a significant mental health problem at any one time (Office for National Statistics), research into effective interventions has never been more important. During the past decade there has been an increasing interest in the role that sport and physical activity can play in the treatment of mental health problems, and in mental health promotion. The benefits resulting from physiological changes during exercise are well documented, including improvement in mood and control of anxiety and depression. Research also suggests that socio-cultural and psychological changes arising from engagement in sport and physical activity carry valuable mental health benefits. Sport and Physical Activity for Mental Health is an evidence-based practical guide for nurses, allied health professionals, social workers, physical activity leaders, and sport coaches. The authors provide comprehensive analysis of a broad range of client narratives, integrating theory and the latest research to explore the effectiveness of various interventions. The book offers readers detailed recommendations, suggestions, and ideas as to how sport and physical activity opportunities can be tailored to provide the greatest mental health benefits.
Psychology of physical activity : determinants, well-being and interventions
Contemporary occupational health psychology : global perspectives on research and practice. Vol. 1
Health psychology
An introduction to health psychology
The psychology of preventive health
The ecology of stress
Filicide, intra-familial child homicides in Finland 1970-1994
Personality as a moderator in the relations between perceptions of organizational justice and sickness absence
Control and the psychology of health : theory, measurement and applications
The social psychology of health
Children's health, self-care and the use of self-medication : a population-based study in Finland
Health perception and health behaviour : theoretical considerations, empirical studies, and practical implications
Health psychology through the life span : practice and research opportunities
A decade of progress in primary prevention
Key concepts in health psychology
Adult development and aging
Introduction to clinical health psychology
Lifestyle management in health and social care
Introduction to psychology
Handbook of rehabilitation psychology
Handbook of clinical health psychology. Vol. 2
Handbook of clinical health psychology. Vol. 1
Comparison of the cost of antidepressants in a prostate cancer screening trial population
Prevention in health psychology
Foundations for paramedic practice : a theoretical perspective
Published in association with the European Academy of Occupational Health Psychology (EAOHP) and the Society for Occupational Health Psychology (SOHP), "Contemporary Issues in Occupational Health Psychology" is a definitive new series presenting state-of-the-art work by leading academics and practitioners in the field. The topics include workplace health intervention evaluation, economic stress and employee well-being, work-family positive spillover, psychological flexibility, and health at work. Contributors to this first volume include Arnold Bakker, Frank Bond, Maureen Dollard, Leslie Hammer, Robert Karasek, Michiel Kompier, Tahira Probst, Wilmar Schaufeli, Arie Shirom, Robert Sinclair, Toon Taris, and, Tores Theorell.
Essential readings in health psychology
Handbook of cultural health psychology
Psychology and health care
Primary care psychology
The social psychology of health : essays and readings
The Handbook of Salutogenesis
Written within a bio-psychosocial framework, Cavanaugh and Blanchard-Fields' text covers the specific ages-stages of adult development and aging. In its unparalleled coverage of current research and theory, the authors draw clear connections between research and application. The book's focus on "positive aging" and the gains and losses people experience across adulthood distinguish it from its competitors.
Foundations of health psychology
Competence and coping during adulthood
Health-related quality of life and its associating factors among 25-64-year-old adults with or without long-term mental symptoms.
"Sarafino draws from the research and theory of many disciplines in order to show psychologists how psychology and health affect each other. The new edition has been updated to include new research and data. New discussions are included on health care systems. Significant new information is also presented on prevention and intervention, especially for teens' risky behaviors. In addition, international examples are included to broaden the psychologist's view of health issues around the world and highlight what works in the field"--Provided by publisher.
Psychology and the aging revolution : how we adapt to longer life
Understanding depression : a translational approach
Applied psychology
Mind matters : psychological medicine in holistic practice
Handbook of psychology. Vol. 9, Health psychology
The SAGE handbook of health psychology
Early intervention : the essential readings
Self-regulation in health behavior
Health studies : an introduction
