http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12591 books for boys
books for boys
Angus, thongs and full-frontal snogging. book 1
Stampede of the giant reptiles : a cretaceous adventure
George and the dragon
William - the good
Ricky Ricotta's mighty robot vs. the uranium unicorns from Uranus
Nerds, jocks and other boys
Stitch Head. The beast of Grubbers Nubbin
The world of Norm : may produce gas
Stop those monsters! / illustrated by Jim Field
Horrid Henry's sizzling summer
William : the pirate
The secret of the lost tunnel
Through the cat-flap
Moody Margaret's School
The king of space
Captain Underpants and the big, bad battle of the Bionic Booger Boy. Part 1, The night of the nasty nostril nuggets
My princess boy : a mom's story about a young boy who loves to dress up
Horrid Henry and the mummy's curse
The adventures of Tom Sawyer
Horrid Henry's tricky tricks
Horrid Henry's Christmas play
Boys will be boys : the story of Sweeney Todd, Deadwood Dock, Sexton Blake, Billy Bunter, Dick Barton et al
The adventures of Huckleberry Finn
Diary of a wimpy kid. 7, The third wheel
The adventures of Ook and Gluk, kung-fu cavemen from the future
Juvenile literature and British society, 1850-1950 : the age of adolescence
There's a spell up my nose
The adventures of Captain Underpants : now in full colour
Captain Underpants and the big, bad battle of the Bionic Booger Boy. Part 2, The revenge of the ridiculous robo-boogers
Diary of a Wimpy Kid. Hard luck
Captain Underpants and the attack of the talking toilets
Tomb of doom
The adventures of Captain Underpants : now in ful colour
The diary of a Bulgarian peasant Iliya Vankov for the year 1900.. 1, Text and notes
Diary of a wimpy kid. 1
Diary of a wimpy kid : the third wheel
The legend of Spud Murphy
Half wild
William's happy days
Diary of a wimpy kid. 3, The last straw
Alligator action
Genius ideas (mostly)
Tom Sawyer and Huckleberry Finn
Horrid Henry wakes the dead
William - the outlaw
Diary of a wimpy kid. 5, The ugly truth
P.S. I still love you
Timmy Failure : we meet again
Princess on the brink
The Adventures of Tom Sawyer : retold from the Mark Twain original by Martin Woodside
Looking for Alaska
No school for two whole weeks. Now Tom has plenty of time for the good stuff, like finding new ways (so many ) to annoy his big sister, Delia. Or watching TV and eating caramel candy. Or most important, band practice for DOGZOMBIES in his best friend Derek's garage.
Horrid Henry's haunted house
Empire boys : adventures in a man's world
Middle School : How I survived bullies, broccoli, and Snake Hill
The diary of a Bulgarian peasant Iliya Vankov for the year 1900.. 2, Documents and index
The amulet of Samarkand
The snowman : the book of the film
Two little savages : being the adventures of two boys who lived as indians and what they learned
Tom Gates is absolutely fantastic (at some things)
William's crowded hours
Are these my basoomas I see before me?. book 10.
Horrid Henry and the abominable snowman
HE ADVENTURES OF TOM SAWYER
The adventures of Captain Underpants
The Golem's eye
The lost prince
The adventures of Ook And Gluk, kung-fu cavemen from the future
Boy Zero wannabe hero : the curse of the catastrophic cupcakes
A monster helping of Horrid Henry
Jacob's New Dress
William - in trouble
Horrid Henry and the Fangmangler
Captain Underpants and the revolting revenge of the radioactive robo-boxers : the tenth epic novel
Captain Underpants and the wrath of the wicked wedgie woman
A stranger in Olondria : being the complete memoirs of the mystic, Jevick of Tyom
The incredible book eating boy
Royal wedding : the Princess diaries
Magic ink
Diary of a wimpy kid. 6, Cabin fever
Game on
Uncle Gobb and the dread shed
"Schoolmates of the long-ago" : motifs and archetypes in Dorita Fairlie Bruce's Boarding school stories
Roar to the Rescue!
Future Ratboy and the attack of the killer robot grannies
Horrid Henrys cannibal curse
The secret diary of Adrian Mole aged 13 3/4
Daylight saving
Swimming with the sea monster and other jurassic adventures
Horrid Henry's Birthday Party
Princess in love
The legend of captain Crow's teeth
Horrid Henry gets rich quick
Tom Sawyer abroad ; and Tom Sawyer detective
Fifty-two more stories for boys
Moody Margaret's school
A footballer called Flip
Horrid Henry's merry mischief
The island treasure; or, Harry Darrel's fortunes / by Frank H. Converse
Princess in pink
To all the boys I've loved before
Captain Underpants and the preposterous plight of the purple potty people : the eighth epic novel
Horrid Henry's holiday
Adventures of Huckleberry Finn
Eoin Colfer's legend of Spud Murphy
Horrid Henry's dreadful deeds
Captain Underpants and the tyrannical retaliation of the Turbo Toilet 2000
Horrid Henry's fearsome four
Excellent excuses (and other good stuff)
The shadow of the wind : a novel
Horrid Henry's thank you letter
