http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12536 blood service
blood service
Phlebotomy basics with other laboratory techniques
The complete textbook of phlebotomy
Blood supply chain analysis through the supply chain management framework
Phlebotomy : a customer service approach : a textbook for developing phlebotomy and customer service skills
Basic & applied concepts of blood banking and transfusion practices
Peer facilitation and multifaceted intervention in guideline implementation : enhancing care of cardiovascular diseases in primary care
Health governance in Europe : issues, challenges and theories
Clinical laboratory blood banking and transfusion medicine : principles and practices
Guide to the preparation, use and quality assurance of blood components. : recommendation No. R(95) 15
Early detection of severe sepsis in the emergency room in adults : clinical utility of prognostic markers
Health in all policies : prospects and potentials
Safe blood and blood products. Module 2, Screening for HIV and other infectious agents
Understanding health care supply network integration
Abstract.
Textbook of blood banking and transfusion medicine
Advances in nonprofit marketing : a research annual. Vol. 1
Safe blood and blood products. Introductory module, Guidelines and principles for safe blood transfusion practice
Managing critical resources : a focus on the supply network of blood products in Finland
Practical transfusion medicine
Technical efficiency of blood component preparation in blood centres of 10 European countries
Advances in transfusion safety : Sydney, Australia, 11-13th October 2005 : proceedings of an international conference organized by the International Association for Biologicals (IABS), the National Serology Reference Laboratory, Australia, and the Therapeutics Goods Administration
Summary.
Safe blood and blood products. Module 1, Safe blood donation
African workshop on management of blood transfusion services : optimal use of resources : follow-up course : Harare, Zimbabwe 2-11 october 1990
Guide to the preparation, use and quality assurance of blood components : recommendation no. R (95) 15
Guide to the preparation use and quality assurance of blood componenets : recommendation no. R(95)15
Modern blood banking & transfusion practices
Cord blood haematopoietic stem cell units for transplantation
Safe blood and blood products : trainer's guide
Safe blood and blood products. Module 3, Blood group serology
Because we are all human : Finnish Red Cross 1877-2002
Transfusion medicine
Managing critical resources through supply network management : a Study of the Finnish Blood Supply Network
Swedish blood plasma self-sufficiency in a European context
