http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12544 pleasure
pleasure
According to an ancient and still popular view - sometimes known as 'eudaimonism' - a person's well-being, or quality of life, is ultimately determined by his or her level of happiness. According to this view, the happier a person is, the better off he is. The doctrine is controversial in part because the nature of happiness is controversial. In What Is This Thing Called Happiness? Fred Feldman presents a study of the nature and value of happiness. Part One containscritical discussions of the main philosophical and psychological theories of happiness. Feldman presents arguments designed to show that each of these theories is problematic. Part Two contains his presentation and defense of his own theory of happiness, which is a form of attitudinal hedonism. On this view,a person's level of happiness may be identified with the extent to which he or she takes pleasure in things. Feldman shows that if we understand happiness as he proposes, it becomes reasonable to suppose that a person's well-being is determined by his or her level of happiness. This view has important implications not only for moral philosophy, but also for the emerging field of hedonic psychology. Part Three contains discussions of some interactions between the proposed theory of happinessand empirical research into happiness.
Not only enjoyment : an investigation of computer game playing from perspectives of emotion, immersion and gratifications
Well-being : the foundations of hedonic psychology
Origins of architectural pleasure
Eroticism, ethics and reading : Angela Carter in dialogue with Roland Barthes
Pleasure and the good life : Plato, Aristotle, and the Neoplatonists
The thought of sex with a virgin is intensely arousing for many men. The average American spends over four hours a day watching television. Abstract art can sell for millions of dollars. Young children enjoy playing with imaginary friends and can be comforted by security blankets. People slow their cars to look at gory accidents, and go to movies that make them cry. In this fascinating and witty account, Paul Bloom examines the science behind these curious desires, attractions, and tastes, covering everything from the animal instincts of sex and food to the uniquely human taste for art, music, and stories. Drawing on insights from child development, philosophy, neuroscience, and behavioral economics, How Pleasure Works shows how certain universal habits of the human mind explain what we like and why we like it.
Analyzes the ways in which Thomas More's writings treat the major cultural categories of the individual in civil life -- including pleasure and gender, chance, friendship, and role play -- as central to More's own views on the common weal, the common good, and the good state.
Aristotle on the apparent good : perception, phantasia, thought, and desire
Pleasure and the good life : concerning the nature, varieties and plausibility of hedonism
Pleasure in ancient Greek philosophy
Eat the cookie, buy the shoes : giving yourself permission to lighten up
The pleasures of reading : a booklover's alphabet
"Pretty much all the advice about happiness we have heard revolves around one basic assumption: that we can think ourselves happier. But in HAPPINESS BY DESIGN, behavior and happiness expert Paul Dolan reveals that the key to being happy does not lie in changing how we think--it's changing what we do"--
The new politics of Leisure and Pleasure
The problem with pleasure : modernism and its discontents
Flow : the psychology of happiness
The birth of pleasure : a new map of love
The pleasure instinct : why we crave adventure, chocolate, pheromones, and music
The human good
Plato on pleasure and the good life
Enlightened pleasures : eighteenth-century France and the new epicureanism
How pleasure works : the new science of why we like what we like
How to enjoy a Greek novel : Chariton guiding his audience
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
The performance of pleasure in English Renaissance drama
The discipline of taste and feeling
The Greeks on pleasure
Exergaming usage : hedonic and utilitarian aspects
Savvy chic : the art of more for less
Enjoyment : the moral significance of styles of life
Pleasure : how our brains make junk food, exercise, marijuana, generosity, and gambling feel so good
Sex, drugs & chocolate : the science of pleasure
Encyclopedia of the exquisite : an anecdotal history of elegant delights
Philosophical perspectives. 18, Ethics
Female desires : how they are sought, bought and packaged
The pleasure of the text
Capitalism and leisure theory
Summa theologiae. Volume 20, Pleasure (Ia2ae 31-39)
Multisensory flavor perception : from fundamental neuroscience through to the marketplace
I drink therefore I am : a philosopher's guide to wine
Enjoy sex : (how, when and if you want to) : a practical and inclusive guide
Between desire and pleasure : a Deleuzian theory of sexuality
The exultant ark : a pictorial tour of animal pleasure
The seminar of Jacques Lacan. Book 7, The ethics of psychoanalysis 1959-1960
Happiness, pleasure, and judgment : the contextual theory and its applications
Psychophysiology of flow experience : an explorative study
Three faces of desire
For they know not what they do : enjoyment as a political factor
Pleasures of the brain
Desire, self-discipline, and pleasure : the tension between freedom and restriction in shopping
God-given delight : Luther's theology of music
Is anybody happy? : a study of the American search for pleasure
Pleasure and gender in the writings of Thomas More : pursuing the common weal
Food, morals and meaning : the pleasure and anxiety of eating
Sublime enjoyment : on the perverse motive in American literature
Happy mondays : putting the pleasure back into work
Funology : from usability to enjoyment
The trouble with pleasure : Deleuze and psychoanalysis
Why we shop : emotional rewards and retail strategies
Evolutionary and neurocognitive approaches to aesthetics, creativity, and the arts
The opposite of desire : sex and pleasure in the modernist novel
Positive psychology : the scientific and practical explorations of human strengths
What is good and why : the ethics of well-being
Sensory and intellectual pleasure-seeking in H. D. Thoreau's Walden : a phylogenetic and ontogenetic developmental paradigm
"The Key Themes in Ancient Philosophy series provides concise books, written by major scholars and accessible to non-specialists, on important themes in ancient philosophy that remain of philosophical interest today. In this volume Professor Wolfsdorf undertakes the first exploration of ancient Greek philosophical conceptions of pleasure in relation to contemporary conceptions. The book provides broad coverage of the ancient material, from pre-Platonic to Old Stoic treatments; and in the contemporary period, from World War II to the present. Examination of the nature of pleasure in ancient philosophy largely occurred within ethical contexts. In the contemporary period, the topic has, to a greater extent, been pursued within philosophy of mind and psychology. This divergence reflects the dominant philosophical preoccupations of the times. But Wolfsdorf argues that the various treatments are complementary. Indeed, the Greeks' examinations of pleasure were incisive, their debates vigorous and their results have enduring value for contemporary discussion"--
Epicurean ethics : katastematic hedonism
The geography of bliss : one grump's search for the happiest places in the world
Design probes for happiness
Socrates, pleasure, and value
Subjective universality in Kant's aesthetics
"Based on years of ground-breaking research, this book supplies a look at the unique relationship between each text and the individual reader that results in a satisfying, pleasurable, and even life-changing reading experience"--
Enjoying machines
Orgasm and the West : a history of pleasure from the 16th century to the present
Dancing in the streets : a history of collective joy
Living a beautiful life : five hundred ways to add elegance, order, beauty, and joy to every day of your life
Pleasure and pain in nineteenth-century French literature and culture
Beyond boredom and anxiety
Laughter : a scientific investigation
Happiness by design : finding pleasure and purpose in everyday life
The private life of the brain
Even happier : a gratitude journal for daily joy and lasting fulfillment
Craving for ecstasy and natural highs : a positive approach to mood alteration
Beyond the pleasure principle
Pleasure in the eighteenth century
Special Newsreel Universal Feature Film : a utøpia
Lost in a book : the psychology of reading for pleasure
The birth of hedonism : the Cyrenaic philosophers and pleasure as a way of life
Cultural criminology and the carnival of crime
On metapsychology : the theory of psychoanalysis
Great books of the Western World. 54, The major works of Sigmund Freud
Evaluation of food choice behavior : development and validation of health and taste attitude scales
The pursuit of pleasure
Why does tragedy give pleasure?
Pleasure in Aristotle's ethics
The well-played game : a playful path to wholeness
Cases in consumer behaviour
Pleasure and quality of life
What is this thing called happiness?
Novelists, artists, and philosophers of the eighteenth century understood pleasure as a virtue - a gift to be shared with one's companion, with a reader, or with the public. In this daring new book, Thomas Kavanagh overturns the prevailing scholarly tradition that views eighteenth-century France primarily as the incubator of the Revolution. Instead, Kavanagh demonstrates how the art and literature of the era put the experience of pleasure at the center of the cultural agenda, leading to advances in both ethics and aesthetics.
The problem of pleasure : sport, recreation, and the crisis of Victorian religion
Boogaloo on 2nd Avenue : a novel of pastry, guilt and music
Coming
Ethical studies
Beatific enjoyment in scholastic theology and philosophy: 1240-1335
Death, desire and loss in Western culture
Hedonism as the explanation of value
Horror film and psychoanalysis : Freud's worst nightmare
On the psychology of artistic enjoyment
Happiness by design : change what you do, not how you think
Society of pleasures : interdisciplinary readings in pleasure and power during the reign of Louis XIV
Sometimes I like to curl up in a ball
Consuming supplements : paradoxes of modern hedonism
Unforbidden pleasures
The soul of sex : cultivating life as an act of love
Broad in scope, Hedonic Eating: How the Pleasure of Food Affects our Brains and Behaviorexplores various behavioral, biological and social rewards of food.
The evaluation of pleasure in Plato's ethics
Hedonic eating : how the pleasure of food affects our brains and behavior
The power of reading : insights from the research
On the relation of optimism and self-esteem to sensual-aesthetic capacity and subjective health
The caller
