http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12559 papermaking
papermaking
Saving the mill : the amazing recovery of one of Japan's largest paper mills following the 2011 earthquake and tsunami
Surface and colloid chemistry of papermaking chemicals : 37th further education course of the Association of Finnish Chemical Societies, Helsinki, 14-15 January 1993.
2006 TAPPI Advanced Coating Fundamentals Symposium : [8-10 February 2006 Åbo Akademi University Turku, Finland
International Symposium on Wood and Pulping Chemistry. 1989. Raleigh, NC, May 22-25 : poster sessions
Enzyme catalase in mechanical pulp peroxide bleaching and deinking of recycled paper
On modelling and stability of axially moving viscoelastic materials
The effect of deinking chemicals in flotation deinking of paper
Fracture of random fibre networks with non-central forces
Correlation between DPA and Emerson method as well as between DPA and process variables
Handbook of paper and board
Paper science and paper manufacture
This study was a part of a project investigating energy efficiency in tissue   manufacturing. The project is being executed by Karlstad University Department of Chemical Engineering in collaboration with Metsä Tissue, Metso Paper and Södra.   Enzymatic treatment is a possible fibre treatment, which could reduce the energy   needed in refining, as well as provide fibres with suitable properties for the final product while reducing the energy needed for drying.     The objective of this bachelor's thesis was to research if enzymatic treatment of chemi-thermomechanical pulp fibres has any effect on the beatability and water retention   value. These properties can be correlated to energy consumption in the manufacturing process. The purpose of this bachelor's thesis was to find a suitable enzyme for this   research, plan an appropriate experimental arrangement and carry out the laboratory experiments. The experimental laboratory work included researching the effects of   enzyme concentration and moderate refining on water retention value of the fibres. This bachelor's thesis includes both qualitative and quantitative features.     The research was carried out at Karlstad University, Sweden. The preparation of pulp samples included enzyme treatment with the chosen endoglucanase and PFI mill   treatment. The samples were investigated by measuring the water retention value (WRV) using the standardized method. The results suggest that enzymatic treatment has a positive effect on refining and the water retention value. These are promising results for the energy economy. Choosing the enzyme was a part of this study and this selection process is described in the thesis as well. The trade name of the enzyme used in the   research is confidential.     This preliminary study encourages further research. That could be run for example with a few different enzymes, using different enzyme dosages and retention times and   different pulps that are used in tissue manufacturing. It would be beneficial to find the most efficient and inexpensive way to treat fibres with enzymes. It is also   important to investigate the physical fibre properties after enzymatic treatment. The results of this study were so encouraging that it would be interesting to scale them up to pilot mill trials.
Micro and nanoparticles in papermaking
Papyrus, tapa, amate & rice paper : papermaking in Africa, the Pacific, Latin America & Southeast Asia
Testing of pulp and paper : methods applied in the Laboratory of Paper Technology. Part 1, Testing of pulp
300 papermaking recipes
Effects of fillers on thinprint papers
The use of microcellulose in papermaking
Papermaking : 25 creative handmade projects shown step by step
Mechanisms of thermo-mechanical pulp refining
Raw materials and processes - viewpoint of product : the 5th Biennial Johan Gullichsen Colloquium, November 17, 2005, Kalastajatorppa, Helsinki, Finland
Ancient paper of Nepal : results of ethno-technological field work on its manufacture, uses and history - with technical analyses of bast, paper and manuscript
Dry strength additives : a project of the papermaking additives committee
Additives for coatings
Manufacture of fine paper
Research on paper and papermaking : proceedings of an international workshop
Investigation in UV/Fenton treatment of black liquor
Scientific and technical advances in wet end chemistry : Monday 19th & Tuesday 20th June 2000 the Hilton Hotel, Barcelona
Modeling of web drying
Water-soluble polysaccharides and phenolic compounds in Norway spruce and Scots pine stemwood and knots
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Papermaking science and technology. Book 4, Papermaking chemistry
Interactions of chemical variations and biocide performance at paper machines
Role of external fibrillation in pulp and paper properties
Quality characterization of tissue and newsprint paper based on image measurements : possibilities of on-line imaging
The effect of size and structure of filler particles on paper properties
Pulp and paper testing
Compression uniformity measurements on coated and uncoated paper surfaces
Computational methods for exploiting image-based data in paper web profile control
Recycling and long-range timber outlook
Water removal '99 : PITA Water Removal Conference...30th November & 1st December 1999.
Paper Making and Bookbinding : Coastal Inspirations
Testing of pulp and paper : methods applied in the Laboratory of Paper Technology. Part 2, Testing of paper
Paper & meaning : paper - ancient material and new meaning
Progress in papermaking and paper converting in central and eastern Europe
Papermaking with plants : creative recipes and projects using herbs, flowers, grasses, and leaves
Introduction to Paper 2001
Screening and cleaning of pulp : a study to the parameters affecting separation
L'impiego delle tecniche e dell'opera dei cartai fabrianesi in Italia e in Europa : atti delle Giornate europee di studio : Fabriano 16-17 giugno 2006 = The use of techniques and work by papermakers from Fabriano in Italy and Europe : congress book of the European paper days
The effect of paper surface properties on printability
A hand papermaker's sourcebook
Strength distribution in paper
Biotechnical methods for improvement of energy economy in mechanical pulping
Factors Affecting the Axial Force in Low-Consistency Refining
A comparison of the paper linting and dusting measurement methods used in the POLYTEST-project
Sulphate pulp fibre flexibility and its effect on sheet strength
POLYTEST-project was launched in Tampere University of Applied Sciences in 2006 with a main target to develop dusting measurement method which can be used in laboratories and also in paper mills as an online measurement method. Since then several thesis works and prototypes were developed. The aim of this final thesis is in developing a statistical analysis method for analyzing the data collected. The work includes finding the appropriate parameters such as the clean air flow rate, amplitude, and acoustic sound play time for detaching dust particles from the paper surface using acoustic vibration, and collecting the data from five different paper types. Detached dust particles are then sucked in to Boulder Counter to be counted and sorted according to their particle diameter and finally the data will be transferred to computer to be statistically analyzed using Microsoft Excel to categorize the paper types accord-ing to amount of dust particles they are releasing.  As the dust particles have different particle diameters the statistical analysis on the data collected or even more amounts of paper sheets should be studied more in the future because it will help understand which particle diameter have significant effect on the comparison of different paper types.
KCL Research Conference 2007, 24 January 2007, Finlandia Hall Helsinki, Finland : proceedings
Three-ply office paper
Improving the combinations of critical properties and process parameters of printing and writing papers and paperboards by new paper-filling methods
Behaviour of different furnish mixtures in mechanical printing papers
A variable parameter facility for dynamic testing of polymer covered paper machine rolls
Electrical and thermal properties of paper
Statistical variation of paper strength
Surface stability of high speed headbox slice jets
Paper recycling in an increasingly environmentally conscious world is gaining importance. Increased recycling activities are being driven by robust overseas markets as well as domestic demand. Recycled fibers play a very important role today in the global paper industry as a substitute for virgin pulps. Paper recovery rates continue to increase year after year Recycling technologies have been improved in recent years by advances in pulping, flotation deinking and cleaning/screening, resulting in the quality of paper made from secondary fibres approaching that of virgin paper. The process is a lot more eco-friendly than the virgin-papermaking process, using less energy and natural resources, produce less solid waste and fewer atmospheric emissions, and helps to preserve natural resources and landfill space. Currently more than half of the paper is produced from recovered papers. Most of them are used to produce brown grades paper and board but for the last two decades, there is a substantial increase in the use of recovered papers to produce, through deinking, white grades such as newsprint, tissue, market pulp. By using recycled paper, companies can take a significant step toward reducing their overall environmental impacts. This study deals with the scientific and technical advances in recycling and deinking including new developments. It covers in great depth all the aspects of recycling technologies. It covers the latest science and technology in recycling. It provides up-to-date, authoritative information and cites many mills experiences and pertinent research. It includes the use of biotech methods for deinking, refining and improving drainage.
Modelling of pulp characteristics in kraft cooking
Installation of a deinking plant to increase paper machine production : financial analysis and final report
Papermaking and paper converting in central and eastern Europe - towards a united Europe
European directory of acid-free and permanent book paper 1998 = Répertoire européen des papiers d'édition sans acide et permanents
Models of filtration curve as a part of pulp drainage analyzers
Improving the papermaking properties of kraft pulp by controlling hornification and internal fibrillation
Interactions of microfibrillated cellulose and cellulosic fines with cationic polyelectrolytes
Analysis of stability of axially moving orthotropic membranes and plates with a linear non-homogeneous tension profile
Fillers and pigments are used in paper manufacturing for low material expenses and to increase optical properties such as opacity and brightness. In this thesis effects of additives in thinprint grade papers were studied. The purpose was to get a clear view on how different individual filler pigments change the optical properties of both base paper and calandered paper. Based on the results further trial runs were made with additives that enhanced desirable properties in paper. In the second trial paper was made with 18 different mixes of fillers. Each mixture contained PCC and two other additives. Mixtures were in groups of four, where amount of PCC was kept constant and the quantity of the other two varied. Thesis contains a confidential part.
Pulp and paper from radiata pine
Papermaking for basketry
Papermaking science and technology. 1, Economics of the pulp and paper industry
Modelling of fibre orientation in contracting channel flows and in the jet-to-wire impingement
Applications of wet-end paper chemistry
Biocides in papermaking chemistry
Application of fracture mechanics in analyzing delamination of cyclically loaded paperboard core
Papermaking : the history and technique of an ancient craft
Chapters on papermaking : concerning the theory and practice of beating
Surface sizing with starch solutions at high solids contents
The water movement in a paper coating machine
New trends and developments in papermaking
Japanese papermaking : traditions, tools, and techniques
Effects of heating, drying and straining on the relaxation and tensile properties of wet paper
Development of laboratory device for linting and dusting measurements in polytest project
Single fiber properties - a key to the characteristic defibration patterns from wood to paper fibers
Simulation of particle motion in pigment coating colors
Storage of spruce pulpwood for mechanical pulping. Part 2, Effects of different sprinkling parameters on wood properties and pulp produced using a laboratory grinder
Making & decorating your own paper : innovative techniques & original projects
1989 International Symposium on wood and pulping chemistry : NC State University Raleigh, NC May 22-25
Water recovery in pulp and paper making
Knowledge transfer and competence development in complex paper production environments
Floc behaviour in a twin-wire blade pressure pulse
Paper pleasures : the creative guide to papercraft
Changes in the chemical composition and physical properties of wood and nonwood black liquors during heating
The goal of this thesis was to find the factors which are affecting formation and parameters that could be changed on KCL's pilot paper machine to improve formation of the sheets. There are theory and experimental part on the thesis. There were three trial runs and on the first and the second trial run parameters were designed according to the theory of the thesis. The third part was run with the best parameters taken from the first two trial runs. The parameters that were optimized during the trial runs were jet-to-wire ratio, velocity and direction of rotation of perforated rolls, head box consistency, machine speed and amplitude and frequency of wire shake. Laboratory measurements were done in paper laboratory in Tampere University of Applied Sciences. Besides formation also basis weights, thickness, tear strength, tensile strength, TSI orientation and orientation angles were measured from each trial run point. The best formation values were acquired by using low head box consistency, keeping head box jet contraction coefficient on the value 0.7 and calculating other parameters according to that, using wire shake with high frequency and  low amplitude and  using the optimized parameter values that were acquired from the last trial run. Physical changes were an important part of improving the formation of pilot paper ma-chine. Foil angles and the front wall of the head box was changed after the first two trial runs. Changing the front wall to more elastic plastic plate, lip width range is wider and therefore head box consistency range is wider as well which enable to produce paper with lower consistency and therefore with better formation. Taking the spare object from the head box had a positive influence to the formation because of more even flow. Personnel in KCL can continue this project by calculating the real values of running parameters to match the values seen on KCL's machine control system. After matching KCL can run wanted parameters on the pilot paper machine and in order to achieve better formation.
Analysis of whirling response by internal roll sensing method
Studies on on-line retention and cationic demand measurement and their utilization on a paper machine
Handmade paper today : a worldwide survey of mills, papers, techniques and uses
The effect of board coating and precalendering on coating coverage and surface structure
On the beating of reinforcement pulp
Characterization strategies for papermaking pulps
Handbook of pulp and paper technology
Scented herb papers
Coating suspension structure and rheology
Organosolv pulping : a review and distillation study related to peroxyacid pulping
Off the deckle edge : a paper-making journey through India
Fundamentals of papermaking fibres : transactions of the symposium held at Cambridge, September 1957.
Paper production technology and paper mills in China
Paper : making, decoratin, designing
Application of modern NMR spectroscopic techniques to structural studies of wood and pulp components
On the mechanical stability and out-of-plane dynamics of a travelling panel submerged in axially flowing ideal fluid : a study into paper production in mathematical terms
Deposition of wood pitch and betulinol in a deposition rotor tester
Delay-resonance control of roll press by speed variation approach
Moisture depth profiling in paper using near-infrared spectroscopy
Japanese papermaking : traditions, tools and techniques
Enzymatic Treatment of Chemi-Thermomechanical Pulp
Gift of conquerors : hand papermaking in India
Enzymatic treatment of chemi-thermomechanical pulp
Interactions between fibres, fines and fillers in papermaking : influence on dewatering and retention of pulp suspensions
Influence of fibre morphology and processing on the softwood sulphate pulp fibre and paper properties
The impact of chemical pre-treatments of fibre fractions on paper properties
Surface and colloid chemistry of papermaking : 37th further education course of the association of finnish chemical societies : Helsinki 14-15 january 1993.
Z-directional distribution of fines and filler material in the paper web under wet pressing conditions
Making your own paper
Determination of spatial domain formation statistics using the Fast Fourier Transform
Decorative paper
The science of papermaking : transactions of the 12th fundamental research symposium held at Oxford: September 2001.. Volume 1-3
White magic : the age of paper
Crafting with handmade paper : great projects to make with beautiful papers
The stress-strain state and stabilization of viscoelastoplastic, imperfect moving web continuum
Implementation of a metering size press on PM2 at the Georgia Pulp and Paper Macon Mill
The art and craft of papermaking
Paper art : the complete guide to papercraft techniques
The 9th Paper Machine Days : perfect papermaking practice : Valmet PM Days 94, 15 - 16 June 1994, Jyväskylä, Finland
Paper machine design and operation : descriptions and explanations
Chemical recovery in pulp and papermaking
Vacuum dewatering of low-grammage paper webs and fabrics
Fiber modifications and brightening : PulPaper 2007 Conference : 5-7 Juni 2007, Helsinki, Finland : proceedings
The mechanics of web handling
Pulsation analysis of paper making processes
Inverse load sensing method for line load determination of beam-like structures
XI Valmet Paper Technology Days 1998.
Paper dust collection and statistical analysis of specific paper types in Polytest-project
Modification of lignin-rich paper for improvement of mechanical and optical properties
The papermaker's companion : the ultimate guide to making and using handmade paper
The handmade paper book
On the numerical solution of PDE on curved surfaces and its application
Non-wood plants as raw material for pulp and paper
Improvement of formation on pilot paper machine
Papermaking : [how to make handmade paper for printmaking, drawing, painting, relief and cast forms, book arts, and mixed media] ; Jules Heller
Scientific and technical advances in wet end chemistry : Wednesday 22nd & Thursday 23rd May 2002 Austria Trend Eventhotel, Pyramide - Vienna, Austria
Make your own books & boxes
Development of a high consistency forming method
How paper is made : an overview of pulping and papermaking from woodyard to finished product
Signa officinarum chartariarum in codicibus graecis saeculo sexto decimo fabricatis in bibliothecis hispaniae
Improvement of resource efficiency in deinked pulp mill
Recycling and deinking of recovered paper
Optimizing the dosage of stabilizing chemical
The Whatmans and Wove (Velin) Paper : Its invention and development in the West
Optical online measurement of paper thickness
Energy efficiency and recovery in pulp and paper making
PRS2009: Papermaking Research Symposium : book of abstracts, [CD-ROM proceedings]
Robust model predictive control for cross-directional processes
The fundamentals of papermaking materials : transactions of the 11th Fundamental Research Symposium held at Cambridge: September 1997. Volume 3
Development of long-chain quaternaries for paper making and stabilisation of sizing chemical
Mechanisms of thermomechanical pulp refining
Prevention of fouling on paper machine surfaces
On the analysis of ink content in recycled pulps
Analysis of malodorous nitrogen-containing compounds in paper and board products
Reed Canary Grass project : (Phalaris arundinacea) : development of a new crop production system based on delayed harvesting and a system for its combined processing to chemical pulp and bio fuel powder : contract no. AIR3-CT94-2465 : final report
Changes in Z-direction density distribution of paper in wet pressing
