http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12530 sets (mathematics)
sets (mathematics)
Among the mad : a Maisie Dobbs novel
Cheerleader : ready? okay!
The lost executioner : a journey to the heart of the killing fields
Foreign fighters : transnational identity in civil conflicts
"The rapacious Conglomeration has taken their war with the more benevolent Accordance to our solar system. Having won a decisive battle on the moon, the human Colonial Protective Forces and PAC fleet try to head off the coming armada before their overpowering strength is amassed as CPF is once again on a front line that keeps moving. Outgunned but not beat, Devlin, Ken and Amira desperately search for a solution to a crumbling campaign to holt the Conglomeration while exploiting the PAC's need for soldiers to raise humanity's stature within the PAC. This is book two in The Icarus Corps"--
All the light we cannot see : a novel
On the political possibilities of therapy news : media responsibility and the limits of objectivity in disaster coverage
Coaching cheerleading successfully
Evaluating peace operations
Lightning Death : Story of the Waffen-SS
War on wheels : the evolution of an idea
Media and the city : cosmopolitanism and difference
The kindly ones : a novel
Health communication in the 21st century
Analysis and evaluation of fuzzy systems
Seveneves : a novel
Finland : media, Internet and telecommunications : complete profile
Hölder parametrizations of self-similar sets
We need to talk about Kevin
Russia and the olympic movement : a study of Russian national identity as described in the newspaper Sovetskij Sport during the winter olympic games of 1988, 1992, 1994, and in the future winter olympic games of 2014
The handbook of communication and corporate social responsibility
From the highly acclaimed, multiple award-winning Anthony Doerr, a stunningly ambitious and beautiful novel about a blind French girl and a German boy whose paths collide in occupied France as both try to survive the devastation of World War II. Marie Laure lives with her father in Paris within walking distance of the Museum of Natural History where he works as the master of the locks (there are thousands of locks in the museum). When she is six, she goes blind, and her father builds her a model of their neighborhood, every house, every manhole, so she can memorize it with her fingers and navigate the real streets with her feet and cane. When the Germans occupy Paris, father and daughter flee to Saint-Malo on the Brittany coast, where Marie-Laure's agoraphobic great uncle lives in a tall, narrow house by the sea wall. In another world in Germany, an orphan boy, Werner, grows up with his younger sister, Jutta, both enchanted by a crude radio Werner finds. He becomes a master at building and fixing radios, a talent that wins him a place at an elite and brutal military academy and, ultimately, makes him a highly specialized tracker of the Resistance. Werner travels through the heart of Hitler Youth to the far-flung outskirts of Russia, and finally into Saint-Malo, where his path converges with Marie-Laure. Doerr's gorgeous combination of soaring imagination with observation is electric. Deftly interweaving the lives of Marie-Laure and Werner, Doerr illuminates the ways, against all odds, people try to be good to one another. Ten years in the writing, All the Light We Cannot See is his most ambitious and dazzling work.
The appropriation of media in everyday life : pragmatics & beyond
Accessible Tourism : A Study of accessibility in Hotel Chains,Public Transport and Ferry Companies in Helsinki
Not an easy cultural adaptation : Islamic Turkomans in the Waffen-SS
Mapping the Somali media : an overview
Marketing a crowdfunding campaign through digital marketing channels : case: The Crowdfunding Platform X
Health communication : theory, method, and application / edited by Nancy Grant Harrington
Wiki management : a revolutionary new model for a rapidly changing and collaborative world
The cheerleading book : includes cheers, charts and jumps!
Five thousand years after a catastropic event sends a small surviving remnant of humanity into outer space, the progeny of those survivors--seven distinct races now three billion strong--embark on a journey into the unknown to return to Earth.
Ethnic minorities and the media : changing cultural boundaries
The challenge of democracy : to achieve a global plus-sum game
Financial imbalance in the United Nations peacekeeping contributions : Case UNIFIL
Focal words on environmental issues : in a British tabloid and a quality newspaper
Fuzzy logic in knowledge-based systems, decision and control
Beer, bacon and bullets : culture in coalition warfare from Gallipoli to Iraq
Introduction to mass communication : media literacy and culture
Effective media relations : how to get results
Sharon Tate and the Manson murders
Dancing with the enemy : my family's holocaust secret
A first course in fuzzy logic
Wikingin suomalaiset : suomalaiset SS-miehet kuvissa = Finnish volunteers of SS-division Wiking
Fuzzy and neural approaches in engineering
Authority planning in public transport
Development of rapid-reaction forces
Construing and defining the out of control : addiction in the media 1968-2008
Multiperson decision making models using fuzzy sets and possibility theory
Computation with finitely presented groups
Team of teams : new rules of engagement for a complex world
Now in a fully revised and updated edition, this concise and insightful book explores the ways American popular products such as movies, music, television programs, fast food, sports, and even clothing styles have molded and continue to influence modern globalization. Lane Crothers offers a thoughtful examination of both the appeal of American products worldwide and the fear and rejection they induce in many people and nations around the world. The author defines what we mean by "popular culture," how popular culture is distinguished from the generic concept of "culture," and what constitutes "American" popular culture. Tracing how U.S. movies, music, and TV became dominant in world popular culture, Crothers also considers the ways in which non-visual products like fast-food franchises, sports, and fashion have become ubiquitous. He also presents a fascinating set of case studies that highlight the varied roles American products play in a range of different nations and communities. Concluding with a projection of the future impact of American popular culture, this book makes a powerful argument for its central role in shaping global politics and economic development.
A war of flowers
Non-classical logics and their applications to fuzzy subsets : a handbook of the mathematical foundations of fuzzy set theory
Crowdsourcing : why the power of the crowd is driving the future of business
Voices in the media : discourse representation in articles about the case of Elián González in Time and Newsweek
Interpersonal and group behaviour
Sport beyond television : the internet, digital media and the rise of networked media sport
Media and identity in contemporary Europe : consequences of global convergence
Crowdfunding as a Customer Engagement Channel
The paper presents a hierarchy of the rational investor's counterfactual portfolios that consist of treasury bills of the three largest CIS countries - Russia, Ukraine, and Kazakhstan, in case some degree of at least negative integration is achieved there.The author performs an adjustment of the measure of relative attractiveness of various counterfactual two-country and three-country portfolios for the estimated opening-up shock (that consists in a dramatic re-allocation of funds, given the optimal portfolio composition).It has been found out that there is only one counterfactual optimal portfolio that is realistically feasible.This would comprise the government-issued papers from all the three countries considered and would imply the international rational investor's following a mildly risk-averse investment strategy.Importantly, an overhaul of exchange-rate and monetary policy is unnecessary, which fact augments the incentives for the countries involved, even despite their political resentment. In the Annex, the author undertakes an attempt to demonstrate that the recent collapse of the Russian treasury bills market can be explained in terms of the derivatives market analysis. Keywords: optimal investment portfolio; financial integration; economy in transition; government bonds market; derivative instruments; Russian treasury bills .
Optimization models using fuzzy sets and possibility theory
Digital collaborations and entrepreneurship : the role of shareconomy and crowdsourcing in the era of smart city
There were eighty of them. They were young, clever and cultivated; they were barely in their thirties when Adolf Hitler came to power. Their university studies in law, economics, linguistics, philosophy and history marked them out for brilliant careers. They chose to join the repressive bodies of the Third Reich, especially the Security Service (SD) and the Nazi Party's elite protection unit, the SS. They theorized and planned the extermination of twenty million individuals of allegedly inferior races. Most of them became members of the paramilitary death squads known as Einsatzgruppen and participated in the slaughter of over a million people. Based on extensive archival research, Christian Ingrao tells the gripping story of these children of the Great War, focusing on the networks of fellow activists, academics and friends in which they moved, studying the way in which they envisaged war and the world of enemies which, in their view, threatened them. The mechanisms of their political commitment are revealed, and their roles in Nazism and mass murder. Thanks to this pioneering study, we can now understand how these men came to believe what they did, and how these beliefs became so destructive. The history of Nazism, shows Ingrao, is also a history of beliefs in which a powerful military machine was interwoven with personal experiences, fervour, anguish, utopia and cruelty.
Toward a European army : a military power in the making?
A brief assessment of Russia's treasury bill market
Reallocating local transport bus fleet for competitive tendering contracts : case: Koiviston Auto Corporation
Collective Intelligence on Product Creation
A topological approach to fuzzy sets
New media - new norms : transparency in Finnish online journalism
Fuzzy set theory : foundations and applications
The SS : a new history
Tough crowd : consumer acceptance of equity crowdfunding platforms
Multinational military forces : problems and prospects
Mapping media and communication research : the Netherlands
The bilingual screen : ethnolinguistic identity and television viewing among three language minorities
Fascists
The principle of the lesser evil -- the acceptability of pursuing one exceptional course of action in order to prevent a greater injustice -- has long been a cornerstone of Western ethical philosophy. From its roots in classical ethics and Christian theology, to Hannah Arendt's exploration of the work of the Jewish Councils during the Nazi regime, the author explores its development in three key transformations of the problem: the defining intervention of Medecins Sans Frontisres in mid-1980s in Ethiopia ; the separation wall in Israel-Palestine ; and international and human rights law in Bosnia, Gaza and Iraq. Drawing on a wealth of new research, the author charts the latest manifestation of this age-old idea. In doing so he shows how military and political intervention acquired a new humanitarian acceptability and legality in the late twentieth and early twenty-first centuries.
The formation and role of the Kosovo Security Force
Estimating the opening-up shock : an optimal portfolio  approach to would-be integration of the C.I.S. financial  markets
From waste to traffic fuel (W-Fuel)
Featuring a wide range of exercises, examples, and images, this textbook provides a practical way of analysing the discourses of the global media industries. Building on a comprehensive introduction to the history and theory of global media communication, specific case studies of lifestyle and entertainment media are explored with examples from films, global women's magazines, Vietnamese news reporting and computer war games. Finally this book investigates how global media communication is produced, looking at the formats, languages and images used in creating media materials, both globally and in localised forms. At a time when the media is becoming increasingly global, often with the same films, news and television programmes shown all over the world; "Global Media Discourse" provides an accessible, lively introduction into how globalisation is changing the language and communicative practices of the media. Integrating a range of approaches, including political economy, discourse analysis and ethnography, this book will be of particular interest to students of media and communication studies, applied linguistics, and (critical) discourse analysis.
American sniper : the autobiography of the most lethal sniper in U.S. military history
When the doves disappeared : a novel
Crowdfunding for a Novelty Product : Case Study: Goodio Cools
A baby before dawn
The first comprehensive biography of Sharon Tate: Hollywood star, wife of Roman Polanski, victim of Charles Manson, and symbol of the death of the 1960s.
Design literacy : understanding graphic design
The least of all possible evils : humanitarian violence from Arendt to Gaza
The Nordic media market 2009 : media companies and business activities
European media policy for the twenty-first century : assessing the past, setting agendas for the future
Media and politics in new democracies : Europe in a comparative perspective
There is no such thing as a free press : and we need one more than ever
Blood on the shores : Soviet SEALs in World War II
Crowds and power
Nobody told us we are defeated : stories from the new Iraq
Fuzzy logic for the management of uncertainty
Also they have a meaning
Fuzzy sets : theory and applications to policy analysis and information systems : proceedings of the Symposium on Policy Analysis and Information Systems, held at Duke University, Durham, NC, June 28-30, 1980
The crowd in Rome in the late Republic
Only war : core rulebook : roleplaying in the grim darkness of the 41st millennium
The wisdom of crowds : why the many are smarter than the few
Testing for common costs in the city of Helsinki bus transit auctions
A mathematical study of fuzzy logic : an algebraic approach
Fuzzy set theory and its applications
Executive summary.
Believe and destroy : intellectuals in the SS war machine
Ordered sets : an introduction
New media language
The new media handbook
Regulation, awareness, empowerment : young people and harmful media content in the digital age
Development and validation of FDS+Evac for evacuation simulations : project summary report
The media in the core of political conflict : Venezuela during the last years of Hugo Chávez's presidency
Iterated function systems: natural measure and local structure
Media and morality : on the rise of the mediapolis
Mapping media and communication research : Belgium
NATO in the first decade after the Cold War
Hope and despair : representations of Europe and Africa  in Finnish news coverage of “migration crisis”
"Soldaten wie andere auch" : Finnish Waffen-SS volunteers and Finland's historical imagination
Good to go : the life and times of a decorated member of the U.S. Navy's elite SEAL Team Two
The war atlas : armed conflict - armed peace
The beginning of the 21st century has witnessed distinctive examples of a global politicized Islam: Islamic controversies originating in the actions of non-Muslims. The most important of these has been the 'cartoon crisis', originating in the cartoons of Mohammad published by the Danish Jyllands-Posten . The article describes and analyzes the reactions of Muslims as they developed in the context of the cartoon crisis. The significance of the Islamic public sphere in understanding the crisis is discussed in theoretical terms. It is argued that the crisis demonstrated the significance of a mass effect as a prducer of global Islam, of the struggle for control of public sphere, and of the creation of counter-publics. The analysis deals with the nature of the political activity connected to the crisis. Themes discussed in the article include the politics of recognition, community victimization, the principle of collective responsibility, and processual politics.
A handbook of media and communication research : qualitative and quantitative methodologies
This volume contributes to the burgeoning field of interactional linguistic media studies. It focuses on how people appropriate media in their daily lives. Thus here it is not the talk in the medium itself, but naturally occurring interactions in different media reception situations that are analyzed. This is the idea that media function like a hypodermic needle injecting messages into the masses has long been questioned. Still, the actual moment when people use media in their daily lives has largely been ignored in media studies. This book analyses the minutiae of the moment when people actively appropriate media for their own purposes in different fashions. The reception communities analyzed include families watching television, girls gossiping about a talent show, teenagers playing video games, a team of fire-men implementing a new medium in their workplace, radio listeners' phone ins and others. The languages studied comprise English, German, French, Swedish and Finnish.
"And now to the rest of the trash..." : representations of begging Roma and an ideal society in two Nordic newspapers
Titan's fall
Mediatization and religion : Nordic perspectives
Ultimate cheerleading
The crowd in contemporary Britain
Hitler's Vikings : the history of the Scandinavian Waffen-SS : the Legions, the SS-Wiking and the SS-Nordland
Crowdfunding in the banking industry : adjusting to a digital era
Media system of Finland
The role of collective intelligence in crowdsourcing innovations
Universals and property instances : the alphabet of being
The black march : the personal story of an SS man
"Need for speed" : can the EU decision-making process meet the high time demands?
The crowd : British literature and public politics
Advances in fuzzy set theory and applications
Towards east or west? : defence planning in Finland 1944-1966
A sampler of international media and communication statistics 2010
European strategic culture revisited : the ends and means of a militarised European Union
Propagation of financial shocks : empirical studies of financial spillovers
Fuzzy set theory - and its applications
Globalization and American popular culture
Implementing a Crowdfunding Campaign for a Profit Seeking Entity in Finland
Handbook of sports and media
Multitude in motion : re-readings on the political philosophy of Thomas Hobbes
Black Cross
Statictical assessment research of family business populations in Finland
The elusive quest for European security : from EDC to CFSP
"In book two of the fast-paced Icarus Corps series, the team wages war on the Conglomeration--and this battle may be the final one.  The rapacious Confederation has taken their war to our solar system.  Now that the human and PAC forces won a decisive battle on the moon, they need to try to head off the coming armada before their overpowering strength is amassed and The Icarus Corps is once again on the front line.  Book two in The Icarus Corps, Titan's Fall continues Devin's adventures as he wards off a fierce race of alien conquerors"--
EMTEL II research (European media technology and everyday life network) : diasporic minorities and their media in the EU : a mapping
Public transport performance statistics 2007
Cultivating habitats of meaning : broadcasting, participation and interculturalism
The Television Handbook is a critical introduction to the practice and theory of television. The book examines the state of television today, explains how television is made and how production is organised, and discusses how critical thinking about programmes and genres can illuminate their meanings. This book also explores how developments in technology and the changing structure of the television industry will lead the medium in new directions. The Television Handbook gives practical advice on many aspects of programme making, from an initial programme idea through to shooting and the post-p.
The crisis of public communication
The Television Handbook
Mass media statistics
Only war : final testament : roleplaying in the grim darkness of the 41st millennium
An in-depth analysis of the rapidly growing phenomenon of crowdsourcing reflects on the dramatic economic, cultural, business, and political implications of applying the open-source idea to a variety of fields outside of software development and addresses the unique opportunities and problems of this expanding trend.
Fuzzy preference modelling and multicriteria decision support
EUBG : does Europe's crisis management tool really work?
The evolution of fantasy role-playing games
Introductory logic and sets for computer scientists
Public transport performance statistics 2009
A Handbook of Media and Communication Research presents qualitative as well as quantitative approaches to the study of media and communication, integrating perspectives from both the social sciences and the humanities. Taking methodology as a strategic level of analysis that joins practical concerns with theoretical issues, the Handbook offers a comprehensive and in-depth review of the field and a set of guidelines for how to think about, plan, and carry out media and communication studies in different social and cultural contexts. The second edition has been thoroughly updated with reference to the development of the internet, mobile, and other digital media. Each chapter addresses shifting configurations of established media organizations, media discourses, and media users in networked practices of communication. The introduction and one further chapter probe changing conceptions on mass and interpersonal, online and offline communication -- in research as in everyday life. Three new chapters have been added to exemplify different forms of research employing multiple methods to study multiple media in multiple contexts.
Creating a transportation app for visually impaired people
We live in the midst of a revolution in communication technologies that affects the way in which people feel, think, and behave. The media have become the space where power strategies are played out. In the current technological context mass communication goes beyond traditional media and includes the Internet and mobile communication. In this wide-ranging and powerful book, Manuel Castells analyses the transformation of the global media industry by this revolution in communication technologies. He argues that a new communication system, mass self-communication, has emerged, and power relationships have been profoundly modified by the emergence of this new communication environment. Created in the commons of the Internet this communication can be locally based, but globally connected. It is built through messaging, social networks sites, and blogging, and is now being used by the millions around the world who have access to the Internet.Drawing on a wide range of social and psychological theories, Castells presents original research on political processes and social movements, including the misinformation of the American public on the Iraq War, the global environmental movement to prevent climate change, the control of information in China and Russia, and Internet-based political campaigns, such as the Obama campaign in the United States. On the basis of these case studies he proposes a new theory of power in the information age based on the management of communication networks Justly celebrated for his analysis of the network society, Castells here builds on that work, offering a well grounded and immensely challenging picture of communication and power in the 21st century. This is a book for anyone who wants to understand the dynamics and character of the modern world.
Why the concerns about chemical and biological warfare and terrorism now?
Youth media
When the doves disappeared
Portsmouth city bus route online information system
Communication students' motives for and attitudes towards personal branding
The many faces of military crisis management : lessons from the field
NATO's "peace enforcement" tasks and "policy communities" : 1990-1999
Fuzzy sets, fuzzy logic, fuzzy methods : with applications
Communication power
The winter garden
Zola's crowds
Media, monarchy and power
Government denies knowledge : representations of the United States government in the television series The X-Files
Customer Satisfaction as a Base for Tourism Development Case: Helsinki Region Transport
An approach towards the integration of bus information systems in Vietnam: case study: Ho Chi Minh City Bus Information System project
Globalized Islam in Europe: the cartoon crisis as transnational politics
Media perceptions and portrayals of pastoralists in Kenya, India and China
The reader's guide to the NATO Summit in Washington, 23-25 April 1999.
The Afghanistan challenge : hard realities and strategic choices
Russia's treasury bill market has taken off in recent years.The volume of outstanding stock has grown manyfold, so that the volume of trading on the secondary market is now enough to ensure liquidity.The yields of treasury bills, which once fluctuated wildly in response to trends in inflation and political uncertainty, have now settled to low enough levels where they may actually help stabilize Russian financial markets.If this, happens, we may soon expect to see increasing investments in production capacity. The T-bill market is mainly regulated by the Central Bank of Russia, which uses treasury bills as an instrument of monetary policy.Meanwhile, the government of the Federation of Russia has increasingly sought to use the T-bill market as a source of revenue.As the Central Bank of Russia will no longer extend direct credit to the government, inflation has naturally fallen.However, if there are to be further cuts in the yields of treasury bills, the government would probably have to curtail its borrowing.For this to happen the government must cut expenditures even further or improve its tax collection systems. .
Nordicom review : Journal from the Nordic Information Centre for Media and Communication Research
"Exploring Health Communication from Multiple Perspectives provides coverage of the major current areas of interest (e.g., interpersonal, organizational, media). It takes an in-depth approach to health communication research by analyzing and critically evaluating research conducted across multiple paradigmatic perspectives. In addition, it offers features important to undergraduate texts, such as sidebars, summary boxes, suggestions for in-class activities, discussion questions, and lists of additional resources. This edited textbook includes a range of chapters covering interpersonal health communication issues, challenges and complexities in health communication, communication aspects of health behaviors and conditions, organizational issues in health communication, and media and eHealth research. This text is designed to be used in upper level health communication courses, and it may be of interest to master's level courses as well. Other social science disciplines such as health education and public health may also find the book to be of interest."
From Congo to Kosovo : civilian police in peace operations
Analysis of the sponsoring impact on the mass media and local spectators: a case study of Caprabo Lleida Basketball
