http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12547 business plans
business plans
How to create a successful business plan : for entrepreneurs, scientists, managers and students
Small business : an entrepreneur's business plan
Anatomy of a business plan : a step-by-step guide to building a business and securing your company's future
How to found a hostel in Fuengirola, Spain
Developing business plan for software  companies using constructive discussion and  industrial experiences
The Development of a Business Strategy for Husky in Finland
Benefits of using enterprise resource planning systems
Business Plan for Establishing a Chinese Café in Finland  : case: Voikukka Café
The purpose of this thesis is to learn how to develop the import business of Thai  vegetables and fruits. The business idea came to the author's mind last summer after  visiting Thailand. She became interested and wanted to turn her idea into a reality.  Business plan writing is a useful step to realize whether her business idea is feasible.  It helps her think carefully in every aspect of the import business. Therefore, the  main objective of this thesis is to create a business plan.  The report is divided into two main parts: theoretical and empirical. The theoretical  part presents information about business plan that the author collected from  secondary sources, mainly books from school's library, e-books and articles on  Internet. This part of report explains about business plan, what it means, how many  types there are, what kind of key elements it has and what mistakes people make  when writing it.  In the empirical part, the qualitative semi-structure interview with Thai grocery  storeowners was conducted to gather primary information for developing the  business plan. The aim of the interview was to identify the competitors and  competitive advantages of this business as well as the suitable marketing tools. The business plan for importing Thai vegetables and fruits consists of 9 key elements,  which are executive summary, business description, products and services, market  analysis, marketing plan, operation plan, management team, financial plan and  critical risk factors.  The result from the research showed that the business idea for importing Thai  vegetables and fruits to Finland is realistic and could make profits for the owner.  However, starting up this business would not be easy. Before it could happen, the  author would need to study more about the import procedure and find out about  requirements in customs clearance. For example, there are a lot of customs product  codes and international trade documents that needs to be learnt. Furthermore,  sufficient amount of orders is required for the first import in order to have liquidity in  this business. This could be quite challenging for the author.
Business plan for a cake bakery
Business plan for establishing an auto car-washing service in Hanoi, Vietnam
The best-laid business plans : how ro write them, how to pitch them
Business Plan for Establishing A Sauna Club in Lu'an, China
Formulating a feasible business idea in Finland : case: Silta Consultancy Oy
A business plan for a new type of medical centre in Eastern Finland
Business plan project : a step-by-step guide to writing a business plan
Foreigners Establishing Businesses in Finland
Business Plan of Asian House Restaurant
Future prospect : envisioning e-business in 2020
Exporting dried fruits and nuts from Afghanistan to Finland  :  Busniess plan for a new company
Business Plan for Cafe "Bulevaardi"
Developing a business plan for a travel agency : case company: Scandic info
Business plans for dummies / by paul Tiffany, Steven D. peterson and Colin Barrow
How to write a business plan
"A virtual blueprint for entrepreneurial success, this new edition of the popular entrepreneur's guide provides all the tools you need to communicate the value of your idea to investors, attract key talent, and create a plan you can turn to throughout the entire process of starting and running a business. You'll learn how to: determine what to include in each plan, why, and for whom; secure the capital you need to get the project off the ground; assess opportunities and risks involved in your project; and avoid common pitfalls that cost money, time, and effort"--Book jacket.
Business Plan for a Startup Company VRDA | HELSINKI
Potential demand for a sushi bar in Varkaus
Pre-business plan for bag shop
Business plan for importing thai vegetables and fruits
Business plan : establishing a Vietnamese lantern company in Finland
Business plans that work : a guide for small business
Process visualization : an executive guide to business process design
Business plan for a Chinese furniture company
Macro-environment and company establishment factors in Singapore, Hong Kong and Shanghai
Business Plan for Café ''Bulevaardi''
Importing Motorbikes from Estonia to Finland : case: Oliver Kuisma Motorbikes FIE
Feasibility Study for a Start-Up Enterprise
Exploring strategy
Strategic development in lifestyle business
Fundamentals of strategy
Exporting and Importing Used Car and Spare Parts from Europe to Africa a Business Plan for a New Company
Bringing Whittard of Chelsea business concept to Finnish market by using franchising entry mode
Operating Environment and Feasibility of an Ethnic Restaurant in Varkaus
Business plan for a european style coffee shop in Ho Chi Minh city : case: AT Ltd. Company
The objectives of this thesis is to discuss the e-commerce situation in Ethiopia and to make a brief business plan for a new startup online business based on the business plan to implement a web shop in the country. It provides a general overview theoretically and practically how to do online business in Ethiopia. It also discusses the business plan which is used as a springboard to start an online shop. The theoretical part help others as an information about the infrastructures and market situations in the country for the locals and outsiders. The main idea in this business plan is to use the market opportunity available and to fill the gap in the online market. According to the business plan, the company will be able to achieve its objectives. But we also should not forget that ShegerMarket, as a start-up company, may face challenges when penetrating into the market. Despite the challenges, the company has a great potential to achieve the goals and to be productive in the market. The next step for this business plan is the actual implementation of the webshop. The process of developing the web shop will start by doing research on the design and what features it should have. After this, the development work will continue immediately. The business will probably start in autumn 2015.
Entrepreneurship : a wealth-creation and value-adding process
More than 15 years ago, the staff at Entrepreneur Media introduced bestseller Start Your Own Business. Since its release, Start Your Own Business has sold more than 300,000 copies and has been called &#x0093;the best startup book of all time." At it again, the staff at Entrepreneur delivers a new dose of fundamental startup how-to, backed by 33+ years at the forefront of small business. Write Your Business Plan takes aspiring entrepreneurs past one of the hardest steps of startup second to committing to their business goal &#x0097; defining how to achieve it. Each chapter is devoted to analyzing, explaining.
The McGraw-Hill guide to writing a high-impact business plan : a proven blueprint for entrepreneurs
Business plans for small businesses : how to prepare, write and pitch a successful business plan
The first steps for starting global businesses in Finland - From idea until the business plan : Project: Barisma – The worldwide website for bars, nightclubs and cafes
Business Plan for Establishing a Café in Alajärvi
DRIVE YOUR IDEA TO ENTREPRENEURIAL SUCCESS
BizPlanBuilder Express: a guide to creating a business plan with BizPlanBuilder
The Business Plan : Organic Farm in Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam
Burn your business plan! : what investors really want from entrepreneurs
The viability and market demand of Ballin'
Abstract: Marketing palan for Kuuskajaskari Island.
Business plan for artist Kal Bansal for the UK market
Business plans kit for dummies
Importing classic cars : business plan, execution and previous outcomes
Business Plan for PG World Agency
Business idea into reality : case : start-up company of gala dresses
Business Plan for a New Online Clothing Store
Business plan, establishing an adventurous night club situated in Helsinki
Business plan for RoBo Gym : establishment of a new company and creating a competitive advantage
Financial aspects of a small hospitality business planning : through the example of a business plan of a café in Helsinki downtown
BUSINESS PLAN BLUEPRINT OF A CAFE IN RUSSIA
Creativity and business workbook : practical tools for business development in the creative sector
Marketing plan for Kuuskajaskari Island
Suggestions to business planning process in HR-Horses
Creating a winning business plan
BUSINESS PLAN FOR BOKE INSECT RESTAURANT
This thesis is a business plan for a hospitality startup. The business plan for BOOM,  including a timeline for brand activation can be found attached to this thesis. BOOM is  a mobile food truck offering healthy smoothies in convenient locations. Operating  mainly in a fixed location, the truck is completely self-sufficient, thus also suitable for  sports events and music festivals. This thesis acts as a supportive entrepreneurial tool  in creating an entry branding plan for the case company.  During the business planning process the entrepreneur analyzed different factors affecting  consumer food decisions. Factors such as price, availability and quality are relatively  easy to manage by careful business planning. Perceived brand image, however, is  a complex bundle of interrelated factors, some of which can be hard to manage especially  in today's viral world. This thesis therefore investigates how the perceived brand  image is generated. The theoretical framework of this thesis discusses the most relevant  concepts of branding and aims to conceptually define healthy lifestyle consumerism.  Discussion in the thesis focuses on hospitality branding from planning and launching  to maintaining brand image and measuring brand strength. In the modern competitive  market place, branding can act as a powerful tool for differentiation. Brand strategy  should not be confused with company strategy, yet it should be considered as an important  part of strategic management. A brand is based on the company's core values  and determines the desired lifestyle of the consumer. A brand is the story of the company  told by the whole team and responded to by the consumer. For accurate targeting  it is therefore essential to understand consumer needs.  The author found using the Business Model Canvas as well as sketching the Timeline  for brand activation extremely helpful in understanding the steps and requirements of  the case company's brand launch. The thesis was written during winter 2013 – spring  2014. Feasibility scheme of the business idea proved to be quite promising and the  company could realistically be founded for the summer 2014.
Simplicity wins : how Germany's mid-sized industrial companies succeed
Definitive business plan : the fast-track to intelligent business planning for executives and entrepreneurs
Business plan for e-commerce platform in Ethiopia
Business plan : student housing in Kirtipur, Nepal
Setting up an import business : focus on importing from China
The Potential of a Japanese Restaurant in Vaasa
Creating a strategic business plan for a Nepalese construction company: a case study of Jhapali International Engineering and Builders
Business plan for Suomen koristetuonti
Developing a European Youth Hostel Concept  : Case: May Hostel, Ho Chi Minh City
How can e-commerce companies enlarge the business after start-up phase?  : case: Ndigo Business B.V. entering Chinese market
Investigations for a small business development in the field of hotel industry in Finland
How to Establish a Programme Service Company
Business plan for TC Labtronic Oy
Sales, marketing and value creation process : Introduction of a new marketing and sales process at Big Ben Gear
Hurdle : the book on business planning : how to develop and implement a succesful business plan
Business plan for an online store Hockeystore.fi
Business plan : case: Hemma Bäst
Abstract: Rapidly evolving technology of digital printing opens new opportunities on many markets. One of them is the printed fabric market where printing companies as well as clients benefit from new printing methods. This thesis focuses on the digital textile printing technology and its implementation for fabric-on-demand printing service in Finland. The purpose of this project was to study the technology behind digital textile printing, areas of application of this technology, the requirements for the digital printing on fabrics and the economical aspects of the new technology. Based on the study a tentative business plan for a small digital textile printing company taking advantage of the Internet as a service deployment platform was created. The thesis is based on a literature review of several printed sources, numerous internet articles and up-to-date presentations on digital printing. A business plan for the digital textile printing service in Finland was created as the result of this project. According to the information gathered, it is economically feasible for a start-up to operate with its own printing facilities consisting of two low-end digital textile printing ink jet printers. However, the demand for the service in Finland is still the subject for further studies.
Tiivistelmä: The Development of a Business Strategy for Husky in Finland.
Business plans for filmmakers
Maximizing return on investment using ERP applications
A Business Plan of Teahouse in Helsinki, Finland
Starting up : archieving success with professional business planning
Effective Business Planning: : A key To Successful Enterprises
The objective of this Bachelor  ́s thesis was to produce a feasible business plan for a cake bakery in Helsinki. The end users of project outcome, the business plan, are one of the authors with another HAAGA-HELIA graduate. The plan is also a tool for the end users for assessing the personal readiness for becoming an entrepreneur as well as for assessing the business idea and the operational plan. Second, the plan is needed to prove that the business idea is viable and to obtain financial resources. The aim is to utilize the plan and to start the business by the end of year 2010. The theoretical framework of this thesis is about entrepreneurship, business planning in perspective of starting a new business, and project management. The focus is in business plan and its content. The theory for project management supported the planning and implementation of the project. The project implementation began with the business plan development, which started with the information gained in the Entrepreneurship information session given by EnterpriseHelsinki. Business plan was written according to the EnterpriseHelsinki business and the research was done by using secondary data. The project was successfully completed on March 29th. The business plan suggested that there is a realistic opportunity for a profitable cake bakery business in Töölö, Helsinki. Finally, the business plan was reviewed and analysed by an Enterprise Helsinki business advisor. The advisor evaluated the coherence of the business idea, its profitability and realism. After the evaluation the advisor gave his recommendation on further action. According to the business advisor evaluation, the business plan contains sufficient information for applying for a loan from Finnvera. KultaKakku  ́s vision for the next five years after the start-up is to become a supplier of cakes and bakery goods for local restaurants, coffee houses, grocers and catering. The founders of KultaKakku also see the possibilities to open other cake shops in different areas of Helsinki.
Successful marketing : secrets & strategies
Business plan for KAFE | Quality & Selection : customer service as a competitive advantage
Business Plan for Indoor Beach Volleyball Arena : MOU Beachvolley Oy
Conducting a business plan for facial mask products in Finland
Whether you're establishing, expanding, or re-energizing a business, the first play to invest time and energy is with writing your business plan. This guide has you covered on the ins and outs of constructing a great plan, and creating a mission statement that clearly positions your business.
Business plan for a fashion brand : case: MW Oy
Creating a Business Plan for a Start-up Business Consultancy in Namibia
S-Meal Cooking Application:  A Business Plan
Developing a business plan for a russian food store
A feasibility study of an organic and local grocery store in Järvenpää
Business model design and learning : a strategic guide
Business plan: Destination Wedding Finland
Financial management for spas
Establishing a Small Enterprise in Varkaus and Factors behind Success  and Failure of Small Businesses
Business Plan     : Case: Liujun Consulting Service
Creating business plans
The ABC's of writing winning business plans : how to prepare a business plan that others will want to read - and invest in
The definitive business plan : the fast-track to intelligent business planning for executives and entrepreneurs
Abstract. The purpose of this thesis was to examine the possibilities of establishing an import company which imports goods from China to Finland. The main goal was to create an overall picture of how to find a suitable product for importing and how to organize the business operations in practice. The study concentrated on product sourcing, sup-plier sourcing, import practices, and the business plan of the import company.    The research was conducted as a desk research, and it turned out to be a multi-method qualitative research. The chosen research method was deductive research, and the analytical procedure was explanation building. The background of the study, the research problem and the used methods were presented in the research. In addi-tion, a suitable product for importing was examined by studying the development of the product idea, product sourcing and product selection. One part of this study was to examine the ways of finding a suitable supplier from China and how to deal with the supplier. Practical matters of importing, such as different methods of transporting the goods, import clauses and forwarding services were examined as well. The re-search also included a business plan, where such topics as product, market, competi-tion and strategies were analyzed.    During the product sourcing, it was noticed that the small wind turbines could be a potential trend product of the future. There are dozens of wind turbine manufacturers in China, and they were ready to export their products to Finland. However, the fea-sibility of their products to the Finnish conditions remained somewhat ambiguous. Still, the prices of the Chinese manufactures were competitive and the products were suitable to the business idea. It was discovered that the price of the shipment was not an obstacle to competitiveness. The products of the competitors were noticed to be expensive, and pricing and focusing on a target group were chosen to be the competi-tive strengths of the new company in this study. The research came to the conclusion that there are opportunities for this business idea in Finland. In the thesis, the dis-cussed company was named the Firm. The most challenging thing for the Firm is to find a suitable supplier with high-quality products. However, by being cost effective, the Firm can obtain market share from the competitors.    This thesis offers valuable information for anyone who is considering of importing goods from China. The results of this thesis can be used when practicing product sourcing, finding suppliers from China, and preparing a business plan. The thesis also offers practical information about importing practices and expenses of importing.
Managing Project Delivery : maintaining Control and Achieving Success
Writing a successful business plan
A business and marketing plan for the cleaning company Hardmakers Oy
Nowadays, coffee has a very important role in the Finnish culture and is part of the modern lifestyle. The coffee culture in Finland is constantly diversifying and is increasingly influenced with a Southern European touch. Service orientation is more frequently expected but rarely delivered. Service orientation is an excellent way to differentiate for a competitive advantage.     The theory part of this thesis examines the dimensions of service quality, required personal skills and sales processes for the delivery of service excellence for a competitive advantage. The product part of this thesis includes the creation of a business plan for KAFE | Quality & Selection, a lifestyle cafe with customer service as a competitive advantage. The service and sales processes in the business plan are designed based on the findings in the theory part for a unique service experience.     The purpose of this thesis is to work as an action plan in the possible business start-up of a lifestyle cafe with a similar concept. To conclude, it is determined whether or not a lifestyle cafe with customer service as a competitive advantage has the potential to be profitable and whether a business start-up should be established using the planned concept.
Successful business planning in 30 days : a step-by-step guide for writing  a business plan and starting your business
Import of fruits from Spain to Finland
Entrepreneur and Establishment of a Mini Hotel in XiChang, China
Business plan for the Motorcycle company : Case Brother`s Auto Pvt. Ltd.
Business Plan : Residential Solid Waste Collection
The Marketing-Orientated Business Plan for a Company-To-Be, Case: Lauriida
Situational analysis as a business planning tool : application to The Coffee Company
Business plan Around Lithuania Tours
New Company Survival and Development on Landscape Engineering Market in China : Case: Nanjing Yijinyuan Landscape Engineering Co. Ltd
Chinece local and foreign supermarkets in Shanghai : China from 2000 to 2008
Establishing a tea shop successfully in Varkaus
Healthy brand generation : Case: Oy BOOM Beverages Ltd
The effective business plan
Practical Business Establishment in Finland : Case: Vietasia private trader
A Business Plan for the Leisure Industry : Case: Wolverine Fitness Helsinki
Managing project delivery : maintaining control and achieving success
Starting a Small Business in Tampere Region in Finland : Business plan
Summary.
Write your business plan : get your plan in place and your business off the ground
Developing a business plan for a company in Finland owned by foreigners. Case: Prime Sails Ltd
The process and challenges of establishing a consulting business : Tmi Helpperi
Business plan 2012-2016 : case company: X Group
Business plan for VitaeNova
Creating a business plan for a martial arts photography enterprise
Business plan : case The Oasis
Business plan: : Lean consulting company in the software engineering industry
Business Plan of a Motorcycle Company : Case: Motosi Oy
The social network business plan : 18 strategies that will create great wealth
Import-Export Business Plan
The marketing game!
Perfect business plan : all you need to get it right the first time
Business plan for a web store : case: Tehtaanmyymälä
Market entry strategy for supplying biogas technology to Vietnam Breweries
Business Plans That Work gives you an easy-to-follow template for conceptualizing, writing, focusing, and revising a business plan that converts your business idea into financial profit.
The digital business start-up workbook : the ultimate step-by-step guide to succeeding online from start-up to exit
A Business Plan for Anhui Xiongfeng Protection Facilities Co.,Ltd.
Marketing concepts in practise : case study: Company X
Business plan for an organic food store in Saint Petersburg
Abstract. The purpose of this thesis was to study the macro-environment and company establishment factors of Singapore, Hong Kong and Shanghai. The objective was to create a view in which of those countries is the most attractive operating environment for a company and what are the instability factors which should be taken into consideration in when establishing a new company.  The research was carried out as desk research. Country specific macro-environment analysis was conducted by using qualitative research and it is based on PEST-analysis, where political, economic, socio-cultural and technological environment are studied. SWOT-analysis is used as a supportive theory where different operating environment strengths, weaknesses, opportunities and threats are summarized from the material. Company establishment factors were evaluated country specific and information was gathered from topical and reliable sources. Company establishment factors were: human resources and employment, company taxation, customs procedures and company establishment requirements and costs.  The study revealed that in China the growing social and political instability factors, time-consuming customs procedures and high customs duties don't make it the ideal place for company establishment. However if the consumers are the target then the growing economy, population and cheap and well trained labor force guarantee good conditions pursuing company growth. Company establishment in Hong Kong or in Singapore is favorable if company manufactures goods for export because customs procedures are fast and non-controlled goods have no customs duties. Additionally Hong Kong and Singapore have both well trained labor force, company establishment is a quick process and countries don't have instability factors which would need to be taken into consideration when analyzing external operating factors. Each country taken into study entrepreneurship is supported and technological infrastructure is advanced.  This study is useful for companies or persons considering establishing a company to Hong Kong, Singapore or Shanghai. The study suits also for strategic planning and decision making and hence company establishment.
This title shows how to convert any idea into a convincing business plan - the necessary first step to launching a thriving enterprise. Today's entrepreneurs are driving a new era of global transformation and growth. But before they can turn ideas into profitmaking ventures, they must craft a business plan that crystallizes and legitimizes those ideas to customers, key talent, and investors. "Business Plans That Work" details a strategic, step-by-step approach to creating, adapting, and writing a solid but flexible business plan that will sell your idea and help you make it a reality.Whatever stage you are at in the growth of your business, this no-nonsense guidebook will show you how to: determine what to include in each plan, why, and for whom; recognize and avoid common pitfalls in creating a business plan; and, use the proven "Timmons Model" to analyze potential opportunities. More than just a tool to raise seed capital, a well-written business plan provides an entrepreneur with strong insights into "the idea," and a powerful head start on turning that idea into an enterprise. "Business Plans That Work" shows how to write, adapt, focus, and revise a business plan that will secure capital and attract top-flight talent as it helps you assess the strength of your opportunity and provides invaluable insights into what you need to do to make it work.Jeffry A. Timmons, D.B.A., is the Franklin W. Olin Distinguished Professor of Entrepreneurship at Babson College and author of the Inc. top ten book New Venture Creation. Andrew Zacharakis, Ph.D., is the Paul T. Babson Term Chair in Entrepreneurship at Babson College. Stephen Spinelli is the founder of Jiffy Lube International and director of Babson's Arthur M. Blank Center for Entrepreneurship.
Business Plan for a Record Company
Introduction to Management Science
ENTREPRENEURSHIP AND ESTABLISHMENT OF A MILK TEA SHOP IN FINLAND
Business planning: Excellence institute of language training
The Support Possibilities of a Starting Entrepreneur
Write a business plan in no time
Getting it right : business requirement analysis tools and techniques
"This book is designed to meet important needs of each segment; (1) the business plan serves as a means for college students to learn about the major functions of business and how they are interrelated, (2) entrepreneurs need a business plan to provide direction in the organization and launch of a new business and secure initial capital from funding sources, (3) consultants need a user-friendly business plan format to assist clients that have limited or no business experience, and (4) instructors and trainers need a turn-key text with supplements that require no lecture and little prep-time to teach student how to write a business plan"--Resource description page.
Marketing plan for Blue Sky Environmental Ukraine
