http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12539 family programmes
family programmes
Little house on the prairie. Season 1
Parenthood. Season 1.
Once upon a time
THE GOSPEL ACCORDING TO THE SIMPSONS : THE SPIRITUAL LIFE OF THE WORLD'S MOST ANIMATED FAMILY
"When you have a very famous father, like mine, everyone thinks they know him. My Dad, Larry Hagman, portrayed the storied, ruthless oilman JR on the TV series Dallas. He was the man everyone loved to hate, but he had a personal reputation of being a nice guy who fully subscribed to his motto: Have Fun, Don't Worry, Be Happy. Dad had a famous parent too, Mary Martin, known from many roles on Broadway, most memorably as Peter Pan. Off-stage she was a kind, elegant woman, who maintained the down home charm of her Texas roots. Both were performers to the core of their beings, masters at crafting their public images. They were beloved. And their relationship was complex and often fraught. My father never apologized for anything, even when he was wrong. But in the hours before he died, when I was alone with him in his hospital room, he begged for forgiveness. In his delirium he could not tell me what troubled him but somehow I found the words to comfort him. After he died I was compelled to learn why he felt the need to be forgiven. As I solved the troubling mystery of why my happy-go-lucky, pot-smoking, LSD-taking Dad had spent his last breaths begging to be forgiven, I also came to know my father and grandmother better than I had known them in life"--
Gavin & Stacey. Kausi 1
Handbook of family literacy
Utility drama : making of and talking about the serial drama in Finland
Natural audiences : qualitative research of media use and effects
Let the devil sleep
Go Simpsonic with The Simpsons : more original music from the television series
Little house on the prairie. Season 2.
Don't hit the child! : national action plan to reduce corporal punishment of children 2010-2015
The Sopranos : complete series 2
Storytime with Peppa
Little house on the prairie. Season 3
The Sopranos : complete series 3
Little house on the prairie. Season 2
The Sopranos : complete series 4
Government Action Plan for Gender Equality 2004-2007
The Sopranos : complete series 5
Make room for tv : television and the family ideal in postwar America
The Simpsons : a complete guide to our favorite family
The unauthorized guide to The Simpsons collectibles : a handbook and price guide
The Mummy family find fame
The Finnish government's child and youth policy programme 2007-2011
Implementing mental health promotion
Family television : cultural power and domestic leisure
Fat Girls and Fairy Cakes
Recommendations for the prevention of interpersonal and domestic violence : recognise, protect and act : how to guide and lead local and regional activities in social and health care services
Inside family viewing : ethnographic research on television's audiences
Comfort food
DCI Banks : cold is the grave
The Sopranos : series 6. Part II
Lumisen virran mies: the McGregor saga. 1. kausi, box 2.
Holding a job - having a life : EQUAL events outcome
The critical link 3 : interpreters in the community : selected papers from the third International Conference on Interpreting in Legal, Health and Social Service Settings, Montréal, Québec, Canada 22-26 May 2001
Mark Spark in the dark ; Jimmy Jelly
The girl you think I am
Little house on the prairie. Season 8
Effective early years education : teaching young children
Summary (1 s.).
Government action plan for gender equality 2012-2015
My beloved child
Summary (s. 3-4).
Relations of television : genre and gender in the production, reception and text of a Japanese family drama
Oi ihana toukokuu : The darling buds of May. Tuotantokaudet 1-3
The Sopranos : complete series 1
Empire. the complete second season
Recognise, protect and act : recommendations for the prevention of interpersonal and domestic violence : how to guide and lead local and regional activities in social and health care services
Lumisen virran mies: the McGregor saga. 1. kausi, box 1.
The mummy family find fame
Everwood. 1 : first impressions
Officially Osbourne : Opening the doors to the land of Oz
Little house on the prairie. Season 6
Wataru seken wa oni bakari : mothers-in-law and daughters-in-law in a Japanese television family drama
The Mummy Family Find Fame
Little house on the prairie. Season 7
Sons of anarchy : the final season
The Sopranos : series 6. Part I
Television and Fertility
American horror story. 1. tuotantokausi.
The eternal party : understanding my dad, Larry Hagman, the TV star America loved to hate
The Simpsons forever! : a complete guide to our favorite family ..continued
Brotherhood. Tuotantokausi 1.
Much research has been conducted in the field of utilising the media - television and radio in particular - to promote particular public health messages. However, a burgeoning canon has examined how mass media can play a role in affecting change in fertility preferences and outcomes. In this paper we review these researches which have primarily focussed upon higher fertility settings. The impact of mass media presentation of families and children in low fertility settings has not yet been subject to rigorous sociological investigation so its impact can not be accurately inferred. However, given the pervasive nature of mass media and celebrity culture, we suggest that this is an important avenue for future research. We conclude that television plays a multi-faceted role in shaping individuals decision-making procedures concerning both demographic events and public health interactions. To illustrate this, we present a model which demonstrates a sliding scale of intent - but not impact - of various genres in order to understand the actual role of the media in shaping attitudes towards family size - either explicitly in terms of edutainment or implicitly as a forms of normalization. .
John from Cincinnati
The Simpsons forever! : a complete guide to our favorite family ...continued
Family life education : principles and practices for effective outreach
"She is to teaching what Dr. Seuss is to medicine" : transferring American culture in the Finnish subtitles of Modern family
