http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12546 payroll administration
payroll administration
Pay people right! : Breakthrough reward strategies to create great companies
To incentive pay : the pay reform in the state sector
Abstract: Study and evaluation of the current situation concerning the preparation of new salary and wage systems for the sectors of collective agreements where the state is a party.
"As agents of the state, civil servants are central to public governance and socioeconomic development. In developing countries, it has been seen that an effective civil service pay system may provide strong incentives for better public service and rein in corruption whereas poor remuneration can fuel corruption and discontent among civil servants. Grappling with a well-functioning pay regime has challenged the PRC since its birth. Over the past decade, reforms have been implemented in the civil service pay system that are closely associated with legitimacy change (from an economy-based approach to welfare-based one), income distribution and central–local relations. However, these have led to a heated debate over the legitimacy, effectiveness and direction of these reforms. By examining this situation and the tug-of-war over remuneration among different players, this pioneering study deepens our understanding of China's reform process and its actors." ---Provided by publisher.
Incentive structure and efficiency in the Kenyan civil service
Mastering human resource management
Towards better employment using adaptive control of labour costs of an enterprise
Human resource management : key concepts and skills
HRM, work and employment in China
Harvard business review on compensation
Strategic reward : how organizations add value through reward
The purpose of this thesis is to determine factors that lead to a successful insourcing process. The insourcing process has been finalized and is functioning. The objectives of the thesis are to determine what the factors are that makes the outsourcing a bad option for Clinic D. And at the same time it determines what the factors that make the insourcing process tangible are. The author has used methodology that supports both the qualitative and quantitative research method. Interviews with department supervisors and questioning employees with the help of a questionnaire will help understand outsourcing and insourcing better. Outsourcing has been a trend for a long time and it is still going on. But organizations are realizing that not all operations, departments, tasks and projects are suitable for outsourcing and they are reconsidering their position. Many do decide to insource and the author wants to help these organizations to make a successful decision based on good research. Taking into account many things in this process is important as it is a great step in an organizations function. one need to weigh out all the options, pros and cons that in the end leads to the final decision. One needs to consider the whole organization when deciding such a change as it will affect the whole organization, not only the insourcing department or section. The results of the research have been positive and will be a good example for other organizations considering a similar transaction. This will show what the result of the insourcing process has done to the clinic and what affect it has had.
Managing reward systems
Reward management : alternatives, consequences and contexts
Human capital and wage formation
Personnel economics in imperfect labour markets
Rewards at the top : a comparative study of high public office
The United States of Wal-Mart
Broadcasting and bargaining : labor relations in radio and television
The payroll administration insourcing process
Human resource research methods
Human resource management : an experiential approach
Governing civil service pay in China
Performance-related pay and employment relations in European companies : findings of the European company survey 2009
Pay reform in the public service : initial impact on pay dispersion in Australia, Sweden and the United Kingdom
Summary.
Salaries paid correctly and on time : Finnlines' and Finnsteve's payroll teams
Managing employment change : the new realities of work
A handbook of human resource management practice
Compensation
Introducing human resource management
Strategic human resources : frameworks for general managers
Human resource management : a practical approach
CEO compensation : a case study
Not just for the money : an economic theory of personal motivation
Essentials of payroll : management and accounting
How the university works : higher education and the low-wage nation
Human resources management : readings
Civil service pay in Africa
Pay flexibility in the public sector
Result-based bonuses as a tool of organization development : bonus models in state organizations and their use in organization development
Paying for performance : a guide to compensation management
1001 ways to reward employees
Handbook on performance management
Compensation management : rewarding performance
Profit at the bottom of the ladder : creating value by investing in your workforce
International human resource management : managing people in a multinational context
Human resources jumpstart
A handbook of employee reward management and practice
Reward management : a handbook of remuneration strategy and practice
A Handbook of human resource management practice
Private pay for public work : performance-related pay for public sector managers
Strategic reward systems
Has profit sharing led to fewer separations?
