http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12500 flamenco (traditional music)
flamenco (traditional music)
The flamencos of Cádiz Bay
The art of flamenco
The language of Spanish dance : a dictionary and reference manual
The keys to flamenco guitar. Volume one
Flamenco : your passport to a new world of music
An introduction to the Flamenco guitar
Flamenco guitar : a complete method for playing flamenco
The Keys to flamenco guitar. Volume one
Sami Yaffa Sound tracker : explore the world in music. Spain
The flamenco guitar
Flamenco : conflicting histories of the dance
Flamenco music and national identity in Spain
Flamenco guitar step by step. Vol. 2
Carmen's dance : a fantasy of Spanish flamenco and opera
The Flamenco Tradition
City of ideas : Ciudad de las ideas
TOQUES FLAMENCOS
Flamenco, regionalism and musical heritage in southern Spain
The Flamenco Guitar
The Limits of control : original motion picture soundtrack
Flamenco guitar : music of the Andalusian provences of Spain
Theory and practice of flamenco guitar
Spanish dancing : a handbook on steps and style including two solo dances
A folksinger's guide to flamenco guitar
Flamenco guitar method for beginners : a primer leading to 'An introduction to the flamenco guitar'
Gypsies and flamenco : the emergence of the art of flamenco in Andalusia
The Flamenco tradition. Part 1
The cantaoras : music, gender, and identity in flamenco song
Learn to play flamenco guitar
Guitarra de Palo is a 70 minutes independent musical movie on the verge of documentary and fiction whose purpose is filming the music from "inside" understanding the music itself and the culture around. It was made between the spring of 2009 and summer of 2011 by the flamenco guitarist and composer Antón Jiménez and I, Andrea Zapata Girau, who co-produced, directed, filmed and edited it. Flamenco is the main music style in the film but, without loosing its roots, it dialogues with other styles such as Latin-jazz, Russian folklore or contemporary classical music. In the cast you can find some of the main names of those styles, artists such as the dancer Lola Greco, the flamenco singer Diego "El Cigala" or the Latin-jazz trumpet player Jerry González. As we did not have any grants or a production company behind, all the artists participated disinterestedly, just because they liked the concept. We wanted the locations to be the ones the music evocated, in addition the musicians involved lived in different countries, so the movie turned into a long trip searching for those elements. Places such as Andalusia, Berlin, Havana, Cayman Islands, Nicaragua or New York, with their people and pieces of everyday life, also became the protagonists of the film. Guitarra de Palo will be screened on TV, theaters and distributed on DVD. When showed in theatres it  will have a show after the screening that brings the whole world of Guitarra de Palo to the stage.
Easy flamenco solos : by Mel Agen
Flamenco guitar method : for teaching and private study. Volume 2.
Flamenco : gypsy dance and music from Andalusia
Achilifunk /  Gipsy Soul 1969 - 1979
Mel Bay's easy flamenco solos
Flamenco music theory : rhythm, harmony, melody, form
20 best of Europe
Easy steps to flamenco guitar : play along and learn!
Antonia Mercé "La Argentina" : flamenco and the Spanish avant-garde
Modes of flamenco
Spain : a musician's journey through time and space. Volume II
Flamenco guitar method : for teaching and private study. Volume 1.
Anthology of flamenco falsetas : Traditional flamenco guitar music
Don Juan DeMarco : Original motion picture soundtrack
The flamenco tradition
Flamenco guitar step by step. Vol. 1
The Flamenco guitar : A complete method for playing flamenco
Flamenco essentials : the complete beginners guide to flamenco dance, music and song
Flamenco guitar : basic techniques = technicas basicas
You can teach yourself flamenco guitar
Flamenco chill & house
The flamenco guitar : a complete method for playing flamenco music on the Spanish guitar, suitable for the beginner, the advanced player and the teacher
Song of the outcasts : an introduction to flamenco
Gipsy guitar : rumbas flamencas ... y mas : Rumba-Techniken der Flamenco-Gitarre = rumba-styles of the flamenco guitar
The art of accompanying flamenco dance
Dance spaces : practices of movement
The Flamenco Guitar : From its birth in the hands of the guitarrero to its ultimate celebration in the hands of the Flamenco Guitarist
Learn how to play the acoustic guitar : a complete guide with 750 step-by-step photographs, illustrations and musical exercises
Flamenco guitar method for beginners
Flamenco : the art of flamenco, its history and development until our days
The complete guitar experience
Flamenco : ... all you wanted to know
Paco de Lucía and family : the master plan
The flamenco/classical guitar tradition. Volume 1 : A technical guitar method and introduction to music
Practica el cajón flamenco : practice the flamenco "cajón"
Progressive flamenco classical artistry
Essential flamenco guitar : an in-depth course for absolute beginners to more advanced players. Volume 1, Basic techniques : Soleá ; Alegrías
The flamenco fanatic : the complete guide
The flamenco/classical guitar tradition. Volume 1, A technical guitar method and introduction to music
The flamenco guitar : complete method for playing flamenco music on the Spanish guitar, suitable for the beginner, the advanced player, and the teacher
21 estudios para guitarra flamenca : nivel elemental = Twenty-one studies for flamenco guitar : basic level
THE KEYS TO FLAMENCO GUITAR
Aprende el cajón flamenco : Learn how to play the flamenco "cajón"
The versatile guitarist : a complete course in a variety of musical styles
