http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12572 rules
rules
A song of ice and fire campaign guide : a setting sourcebook for a song of ice and fire roleplaying
Handbook of athletic games for players, instructors, and spectators, comprising fifteen major ball games, track and field athletics and rowing races
Basic roleplaying : the Chaosium roleplaying system
The house that the court built : the retained powers case law of the European Court of Justice and the constitutional structure of the Union
Code of Professional Ethics
Only war : core rulebook : roleplaying in the grim darkness of the 41st millennium
The heart of the wild
The official laws of chess and other FIDE regulations
Eurocode 3 : design of steel structures. Part 1-3, General rules : supplementary rules for coldformed members and sheeting
Council guide : internal document. 2, Comments on the Council's rules of procedure, September 1996
Heroic roleplaying
RuneQuest. Sixth edition
Pirates of the Spanish main : swashbuckling roleplaying in the age of sail
Legend of the five rings : roleplaying game
Heavy gear : sourcebook
Abstract: "Parlamentarism" as the incarnation of "partiality".
Blood on the snow : a DramaSystem companion
Constitutional theory
The rules of korfball
Nine worlds : a game of cosmic drama
Dungeons & Dragons. Monster manual
The amazing queen : winning with your queens
World war Cthulhu : the darkest hour
Three sixteen : Carnage amongst the stars
Shadowrun : Chrome flesh. Core augmentation handbook
Firefly : role-playing game. Core book
The Buddhist monastic code. II : The Khandhaka rules
The rules in practice 1997-2000
Silver angel : a Shadowrun adventure
Hollow earth expedition
Official rules of sports and games 1995-96
The golden rules of blogging (& when to break them)
Call of Cthulhu : keeper rulebook
The way of the lion
DC adventures : hero's handbook
Suomi-synodin seurakuntain mallisäännöt = The Model Constitution and By-Laws for the Congregations of Suomi Synod
Whose side are you AgentX : created by Rob Stone ; [written by Rob Stone and Sean Tisdale]
The rules of baseball : an anecdotal look at the rules of baseball and how they came to be
Council guide : internal document. 2, Comments on the Council's rules of procedure, September 2000
Heavy gear : the science fiction roleplaying game : player's handbook
The girl before : a novel
Constitution, by-laws and standing rules of the Finnish Evangelical Lutheran Church of Hancock, Michigan : revised and approved 1941.
Dungeons & Dragons : Essentials : Heroes of the forgotten kingdoms : create and play druids, paladins, rangers and warlocks!
Pathfinder : roleplaying game. Mythic adventures
Golf rules : illustrated 2010 edition
"A psychological thriller that spins one woman's seemingly good fortune, and another woman's mysterious fate, through a kaleidoscope of duplicity, death, and deception"--
Gurps compendium. 1, Character creation
Little wizards : an Antoine Bauza game
Legend of the five rings : game master's guide
Vampire : the masquerade : a storytelling game of personal horror
The rules of the golf : a history of the rules of golf
Twilight 2013
Amendments to the rules of the C. P. S. U. (B.) : report to the eighteenth congress of the C. P. S. U. (B.), March 18, 1939
Suomen Akatemian tutkimuseettiset ohjeet = Finlands Akademis forskningsetiska anvisningar = Academy of Finland : guidelines on research ethics
Prime directive : the Star Fleet Universe role-playing game
Pathfinder : campaign setting : Inner sea gods
Call of Cthulhu : investigator handbook
Problems of translating the laws of Rugby Union from English into Finnish
Monster Island : an adventure setting for RuneQuest 6th edition
Essays on monetary policy in China
HeroQuest : roleplaying in Glorantha
Eastman and Laird's Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles & other strangeness
GURPS : horror
You're off! : the Talksport book of red cards
Successful sports officiating
Taiga : [the roleplayins game of civilization's fall] : European Version 4.2
In the interests of safety : the absurd rules that blight our lives and how we can change them
Dragon age : roleplaying game core rulebook
Mummy : the resurrection
Protection, continuity and gender : craft trade culture in the Baltic Sea region (14th-16th centuries)
Abstract: The constitutional decision-making to join European Economic and Monetary Union.
The one ring : adventures over the edge of the wild : fantasy roleplaying in the world of The hobbit and The lord of the rings
The goaltenders' union : hockey's greatest puckstoppers, acrobats, and flakes
ICOM statutes ; ICOM code of professional ethics
Dungeons & Dragons : Neverwinter campaign setting : Roleplaying game supplement
Gurps : basic set : characters
The Buddhist monastic code. I : The Pāţimokkha rules
Traveller : the roleplaying game
Sporting rules 2000 : Road racing, Drag bike, Pocket bike, Motocross, Supercross, Supermoto, Snowcross, Motocross team, Sidecarcross team, Enduro, Trial, Track racing, Vintage
An approach to linguistic pattern recognition using fuzzy systems
GURPS Vampire : the masquerade
Dungeons & Dragons essentials. Rules compendium : roleplaying game core rules
Shadowrun : 20 years of man, magic, machine
13th age : a fantasy roleplaying game
The darts bible
Ice hockey rules in pictures
Rugby : a player's guide to the laws
The bombs that brought us together
The Dresden files roleplaying game. Volume one : Your story
European Development Fund procedures
Hillfolk : a game of iron age drama
Iron kingdoms : full metal fantasy roleplaying game : core rules
The dungeons & dragons : starter set is your gateway to action-packed stories of the imagination. This box contains the essential rules of the game plus everything you need to play heroic characters on perilous adventures in worlds of fantasy.
Star wars : Force and destiny roleplaying game, core rulebook
ICC guidelines on marketing and advertising using electronic media
Rules of the game
Polaris : chivalric tragedy at the utmost north
Code of Ethics and Code of Practice
Golf rules explained : effective through to 2015
The house of R'lyeh : five scenarios based on tales by H. P. Lovecraft
Glorantha : the second age : [core rulebook]
The book of shadows : the Mage players guide : the sourcebook for players and storytellers of Mage
The racing rules of sailing for 2001 - 2004.
Social rules and social behaviour
Dark Heresy : roleplaying game
Torchbearer : basic rule book for levels 1-5
Degree regulations of the Helsinki University of Technology
Community rules on state aid : vade-mecum
[Qin : the warring states]
Golf rules explained
Water polo : a brief history, rules of the game and instructions on how to play
Steve Jackson's Gurps : generic universal rolepalying system : basic set
Official baseball rules
Exchange arrangements and exchange restrictions : annual report
Masks of Nyarlathotep
The concert of civilizations
Dungeons & Dragons : [5th ed.] Dungeon master's guide
Dark heresy the inquisitor's handbook: roleplaying in the grim darkness of the 41st millennium
The extraordinary adventures of baron Munchausen
The strange
The Hockey Canada body-checking rule : an analysis of the policy change process
Dungeons & Dragons : Essentials : Heroes of the fallen lands : create and play clerics, fighters, rogues and wizards!
Rules of procedure
The handbook of cricket
Victoriana : core rulebook
Numenera : player's guide
Battlestar Galactica : roleplaying game
Business rule-oriented conceptual modeling
The book of rules : a visual guide to the laws of every commonly played sport and game
Toon : the cartoon roleplaying game
Abstract.
The advanced player's manual
Gurps : basic set : campaigns
Linking - the human rights perspective
Wild talents
Legend of the five rings
Olympic rules : bye-laws and instructions
Dungeon crawl classics : role playing game. glory & gold won by sorcery & sword
The European Union's preferential trade agreements : performing an Origin Status Assessment
Star wars : the edge of the empire : roleplaying game : core rulebook
Football
OVA : open versatile anime role-playing game
HeroQuest : Glorantha
The rules in practice 2009-2012
Werewolf : the apocalypse : a storytelling game of savage horror
Deathwatch : roleplaying in the grim darkness of the 41st millennium
Olympic charter 1982
Conan : faith and fervour
GURPS lite : an introduction to roleplaying
Over the edge : psychosurreal roleplaying
Dragon age : dark fantasy roleplaying. Set 1 : for characters level 1 to 5
A song of ice and fire : roleplaying
Hounds of the sea
Deathwatch : ark of the lost souls : roleplaying in the grim darkness of the 41st millennium
Official rules of sports and games 1992-93
Star wars : Age of rebellion : onslaught at Arda I
The 25 rules of grammar : the essential guide to good English
Play ball! : official rules of Finnish baseball
Programme regulations
Heavy gear : the science fiction roleplaying & tactical game : rulebook
Exploring the use of rule-based reasoning in ubiquitous computing applications
On Decision and Voting Rules
Constitution, by-laws and standing rules of The Finnish Evangelical Lutheran Church of Hancock, Michigan
