http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12592 books for girls
books for girls
California schemin'
Confessions of a not it girl
From tomboys to little women : how Jo March and Anne Shirley construct their femininity
Charmed and dangerous : the rise of the Pretty Committee : the Clique prequel
Rainbow beauty : Peppermint kiss
The perfectionists
Speaking wounds : silence, self-injury and healing in Patricia McCormick's Cut
Anne of the Island
Betsey Biggalow is here!
Finnish summary.
Reflections of the early twentieth-century Canadian society in L. M. Montgomery's Emily series (1923-1927)
Anne of Avonlea
Anne Of Avonlea
Agnes Parker... keeping cool in middle school
Elizabeth's secret diary. Volume 2
Petty in pink : a Poseur novel
Warne's pleasure book for girls
The struggle
Dork diaries : party time : tales from a not-so-fabulous life : Rachel Renée Russell
Jack and Jill
The Girls : a novel
Little darlings : two very different girls - one extraordinary friendship
Haunted : the riveting sequel to Dreaming Anastasia
Women writers in girl's fiction : Louisa May Alcott's Jo and L. M. Montgomery's Emily Starr
Anne of avonlea
Susan pulls the strings
Six to sixteen : a story for girls
Anne's house of dreams
Cultural adaptation in the Finnish translations of girls' books
New York, New York!
Daylight saving
Dork diaries : Tales from a NOT-SO-Perfect Pet Setter
A girl like Cathy
New time, new readers, new Rilla : changes in the Finnish and Swedish translations of Rilla of Ingleside by L. M. Montgomery
Anne of the island
You don't play with the ugly ones : questions of corporality, sexuality and power in recent Finnish books for girls
Four betas and their alpha--Massie Block, Alicia Rivera, Dylan Marvil, Kristen Gregory, and Claire Lyons--"clique" at the New Year's Yves party.
Little women, or, Meg, Jo, Beth, and Amy
Anne of Green Gables
Anne of windy willows
Now that the Pretty Committee is no longer boycotting boys, the eighth-grade friends cannot decide who has a crush on whom, putting the Clique in jeopardy again.
The ghostly blinkers
Nancy Clancy : super sleuth
P.S. I still love you
Rebecca of Sunnybrook farm
Studying translational changes in Nancy Drew's character within a normative framework
Anne of green gables
Audrey the sea ranger
These boots are made for stalking : a Clique novel
Emily's quest
Life is sweet : six fabulous chocolate box stories
Lady : my life as a bitch
Compromises in L.M. Montgomery's Anne-serial : literary freedom within the restrictions of Victorian society
Re-imagining girlhood : the revision og girls' books in Monika Fagerholm's Diva and The American girl
Allie Finkle's rules for girls : best friends and drama queens
Angus, thongs and full-frontal snogging. book 1
Honey is immediately drawn to Patience's new pony Moonlight Minuet. When Minuet is injured, she desperately wants to help, but her friends warn her not to get too involved. However, they aren't aware of Honey's secret that makes helping Minuet so important.
Dork diaries. [10], Puppy love
Fangtastic!
Good wives
Emily of New Moon
Cruel beauty
The Lottie project
On the golden age of girls' books and boy's books with a special focus on L. M. Montgomery and the Canadian literary tradition
Dork Diaries. Once upon a dork
Rainbow Valley
A quest for a female landscape : the artist as a young girl and woman in L. M. Montgomery's Emily series
Consumerism and American girls' literature, 1860-1940
The fury
Take up thy bed and walk : death, disability and cure in classic fiction for girls
Little lord Fauntleroy
How to survive summer camp
Rumor has it
Family on the tide : a junior novel for girls
Face the music
Summers of the sisterhood : the sisterhood of the travelling pants
Juvenile literature and British society, 1850-1950 : the age of adolescence
Uninvited. Book 1
Knocked out by my nunga-nungas
Lessons in being a girl : the development of the America girl in adolescent literature
Ali's pretty little lies
What Katy did and What Katy did at school
Rilla of ingleside
What Katy read : feminist re-readings of 'classic' stories for girls
Little women
Little women or Meg, Jo, Beth, and Amy
Louisa May Alcott
Emily climbs
Heart of gold
Back to life : the Rachel Riley diaries
The one
To all the boys I've loved before
P.S. I loathe you
Dawn on the coast
The awakening
100 years of Anne with an "e" : the centennial study of Anne of Green Gables
The secret garden
Ruin and rising
The pricess diaries. [9], To the nines
Party princess
I was here
The heir
Anne of ingleside
Dancing in my nuddy-pants
Are these my basoomas I see before me?. book 10.
Forging a friendship based on their mutual hatred of a philandering boy, five girls imagine a perfect way to kill him and must prove their innocence when he is killed in the exact manner they envisioned.
Select bibliography
