http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12596 national socialism
national socialism
The history of the Nazi Party. [2], 1933-1945
The crisis between the German State and the Confessional Church, May 1939 : [translation of a letter to the pastors of all the Provincial Churches]
Talking to Rudolf Hess
Nazism and German society, 1933-1945
Crimes committed by totalitarian regimes : crimes and other gross an large scale human rights violations committed during the reign of totalitarian regimes in Europe : cross-national survey of crimes committed and of their remembrance, recognition, redress, and reconciliation : reports and proceedings of the 8 April European hearing on "Crimes committed by totalitarian regimes", organised by the Slovenian Presidency of the Council of the European Union (January-June 2008) and the European Commission
The new Germany and the old nazis
Why did the whole world go to war? : and other questions about ... World War II
The amazing adventures of Kavalier & Clay : a novel
The fear of freedom
Failure of a mission : Berlin 1937-1939
Brown book : war and nazi criminals in West Germany : state, economy, administration, army, justice, science
The tin drum
Totalitarian art : in the Soviet Union, the Third Reich, Fascist Italy and the People's Republic of China
The cause of Hitler's Germany
A history of Nazi Germany
The Germanisation of the New Testament
Weekend in Munich : art, progadanda and terror in the Third Reich
Hitler and nazism
The Nazi olympics
National socialist rule in Germany : the Führer State 1933-1945
The next-to-final solution : a Belgian detention camp for Hitler refugees
The German lesson
German resistance to National Socialism
German Evangelical Church administration: new decrees
Ein Volk, ein Reich: nine lives under the Nazis
The occult roots of Nazism : the Ariosophists of Austria and Germany 1890-1935
Hate : my life in the British far right
The nazi economic system : Germany's mobilization for war
Bloodlands : Europe between Hitler and Stalin
[Comparison of government declarations with the facts]
The collective silence : German identity and the legacy of shame
Hitler's Valkyrie : the uncensored biography of Unity Mitford
Nazism 1919-1945. 2, State, economy and society 1933-1939 : a documentary reader
The Third Reich
Iron cross and swastika : an historical interpretation of military symbolism in the Third Reich
Explaining Hitler : the search for the origins of his evil
What we saw in Germany : a report by British churchwomen to the Control Commission for Germany
The Nazi economic recovery 1932-1938
Friends of Europe information service : No. 14, 15th June 1939.
Goebbels and national socialist propaganda 1925-1945
National sosialist campaign against Christianity
Killing Hitler : the plots, the assassins, and the dictator who cheated death
Culture and catastrophe : German and Jewish confrontations with National Socialism and other crises
Propaganda analysis : a study of inferences made from nazi propaganda in World War II
The Weimar insanity : photographs and propaganda from the Nazi era
Nazi ideology before 1933 : a documentation
National Socialist cultural policy
West German Observer, October 21st 1938 : [extract: "The Church thanks the Führer"]
National socialism : basic principles, their application by the nazi party's foreign organization, and the use of Germans abroad for nazi aims
Tell ye your children.. : a book about the Holocaust in Europe 1933-1945
Our contempt for weakness : nazi norms and values, and our own
Diary of a man in despair
Hitler's piano player : the rise and fall of Ernst Hanfstaengl, confident of Hitler, ally of FDR
Digging for Hitler : the Nazi archaeologists search for an Aryan past
Mrs Adolf Hitler : the Eva Braun photograph albums 1912-45
Perspectives in history : opposition and resistance in Nazi Germany
List of confessional pastors subject to measures of oppression by police and church authorities as at June 1939.
Friends of Europe information service : No. 10, 25th April 1939.
The Nuremberg party rallies : 1923-39
Justice not vengeance
Kulturkampf : K.K. extra material no. 95 [on communal schools and other topics]
Kulturkampf, May 28th 1938 : extra "KK" material : Nazis cutting off support for German students in Rome
The holocaust's ghost : writings on art, politics, law and education
The history of the Nazi Party. [1], 1919-1933
Heidegger, philosophy, Nazism
The encyclopedia of the Third Reich. Volume 1, A-L
The trial of the Germans : an account of the twenty-two defendants before the International Military Tribunal at Nuremberg
Seventeen moments of spring. Parts 1&2 = Semnadtsat mgnoveni vesny. [1-2 serii]
Hitler : a study in personality and politics
The German war : a nation under arms 1939-45
Freedom betrayed : Herbert Hoover's secret history of the second world war and its aftermath
The Nazi seizure of power : the experience of a single German town 1930-1935
The Hitler file : A social history of Germany and the Nazis 1918-45
The end : Hitler's Germany, 1944-1945
The Third Reich's celluloid war : propaganda in nazi feature films, documentaries and television
Nazi propaganda and the Second World War
Notes on the situation of the church : [translation of an article in the Reformed Church Times 1939]
German big business and the rise of Hitler
From the Church-Committee of the Church-Community X. (in Prussia) : to the Evangelical Consistory Superintendent Herr von XX March the 21st 1938.
Eva Braun : life with Hitler
Criminal case 40/61, the trial of Adolf Eichmann : an eyewitness account
Hitler's children
Nazism 1919-1945. 1, The rise to power 1919-1934 : a documentary reader
Jews and Intermarriage in Nazi Austria
A history of fascism : 1914-1945
The myth of the twentieth century : an evaluation of the spiritual-intellectual confrontations of our age
Hitler : the Führer and the people
Some aspects of the Christian non-Aryan problem
Heidegger's Volk : between National Socialism and poetry
The German Church struggle : report January-March 1939 by a resident in Berlin
The Third Reich : politics and propaganda
The fate of Polish children during the last war
Terror was central to the Nazi regime, and the Nazi concentration camps were places of horror where prisoners were dehumanized and robbed of their dignity and where millions were murdered. How did prisoners cope with the brutal and degrading conditions of life within the camps? In this highly original book Maja Suderland takes the reader inside the concentration camps and examines the everyday social life of prisoners - their daily activities and routines, the social relationships and networks they created and the strategies they developed to cope with the harsh conditions and the brutality of the guards. Without overlooking the violence of the camps, the contradictions of camp life or the elusive complexity of the multicultural prisoner society, Suderland explores the hidden social practices that enabled prisoners to preserve their human dignity and create a sense of individuality and community despite the appalling circumstances. This remarkable account of social life in extreme conditions will be of great interest to students and scholars in history, sociology and the social sciences generally, as well as to a wider readership interested in the Holocaust and the concentration camps.
The Third Reich and the Christian churches
The butchers of Berlin
Reaching judgement at Nuremberg
The path to dictatorship 1918-1933 : ten essays
In the garden of beasts : love and terror in Hitler's Berlin
Hitler's free city : a history of the Nazi Party in Danzig, 1925-39
Hitler and the rise of nazis
Given his status as arguably the most despised political figure in history, it is surprising that there have only been four serious biographies of the Fuhrer since the 1930s. Perhaps even more surprisingly, his biographers have been more interested in how he came to power and how he exercised his leadership than in Hitler the person. Yet to render Hitler as a political animal with no personality to speak of, as a man of limited intelligence and poor social skills, does little to explain the spell that he cast not only on those close to him but on the German people as a whole. In the first volume of this magisterial biography, Volker Ullrich sets out to correct our perception of the Fuhrer. While charting in detail Hitler's life from his childhood to the eve of the Second World War, Ullrich unveils the man behind the public persona: his charming and repulsive traits, his talents and weaknesses, his deep-seated insecurities and murderous passions.
Nowhere to hide : a fiction tale of the holocaust
Conspiracy of blood and smoke
I knew Hitler : the story of a nazi who escaped the blood purge
"Dietrich von Hildebrand was a German Catholic thinker and teacher who devoted the full force of his intellect to breaking the deadly spell of Nazism that ensnared so many of his beloved countrymen. His story might well have been lost to us were it not for this memoir he penned in the last decades of his life at the request of his wife, Alice von Hildebrand. In My Battle Against Hitler, covering the years from 1921 to 1938, von Hildebrand tells of the scorn and ridicule he endured for sounding the alarm when many still viewed Hitler as a positive and inevitable force. He expresses the sorrow of having to leave behind his home, friends, and family in Germany to conduct his fight against the Nazis from Austria. He recounts how he defiantly challenged Nazism in the public square, prompting the German ambassador in Vienna to describe him to Hitler as 'the architect of the intellectual resistance in Austria.' And in the midst of all the danger he faced, he conveys his unwavering trust in God, even during his harrowing escape from Vienna and his desperate flight across Europe, with the Nazis always just one step behind. Dietrich von Hildebrand belongs to the very earliest anti-Nazi resistance. His public statements led the Nazis to blacklist him already in 1921, long before the horrors of the Third Reich and more than twenty-three years before the famous assassination attempt on Hitler in July 1944. His battle would culminate in the countless articles he published in Vienna, a selection of which are featured in this volume. 'It is an immense privilege,' writes editor John Henry Crosby, founder of the Hildebrand Project, 'to present to the world the shining witness of one man who risked everything to follow his conscience and stand in defiance of tyranny'".
A small circus
A German pastor beaten up : was Nazi ballot "secret"?
The story of the holocaust
The Nazi revolution : Hitler's dictatorship and the German nation
Heinrich Himmler : a nazi in the making, 1900-1926
Black earth : the holocaust as history and warning
Film in the Third Reich : a study of the German cinema 1933-1945
"Degenerate art" : the fate of the Avant-Garde in Nazi Germany
The infancy of Nazism : the memoirs of ex-Gauleiter Albert Krebs 1923-1933
Fascist movements in Austria : from Schönerer to Hitler
Friends of Europe information service : war-time series: the Europe of tomorrow : no. 1, 9th October 1939 : the war on the German home front
Who's who in Nazi Germany
The good nazi : the life and lies of Albert Speer
A war of flowers
Führer-ex : memoirs of a former neo-nazi
The Catholic church and Nazi Germany
A new social philosophy
Images of war : the rise of Hitler : rare photographs from wartime archives
The summer isles
Hitler's Furies : German women in the Nazi killing fields
Sophie Scholl and the White Rose
Forgotten crimes : the Holocaust and people with disabilities
Circular letter no. 31/39, February 2nd 1939
Drawing on a detailed examination of previously unpublished Gestapo case files, this book relates the fascinating, vivid and disturbing accounts of a cross-section of ordinary and extraordinary people who opposed the Nazi regime. It also tells the equally disturbing stories of their friends, neighbours, colleagues and even relatives who were often drawn into the Gestapo's web of intrigue.
The crisis of German ideology : intellectual origins of the Third Reich
Wagner : Race and revolution
The Confessional Church does not give up!
Circular letter no. 23/29, Jan. 23 1939
The reader : [a novel]
The encyclopedia of the Third Reich. Volume 2, M-Z
Mythus. 1, The worship of race
The unmaking of Adolf Hitler
The house that Hitler built
The rise of the nazis
Some girls, some hats and Hitler : a true love story
The book thief
The man in the high castle
My battle against Hitler : defiance in the shadow of the Third Reich
The chosen ones
Auschwitz : the Nazis and the 'final solution'
The Gestapo : the myth and reality of Hitler's secret police
Winter of the world
Arabs and the holocaust : the Arab-Israeli war of narratives
Traitor's gate
Inside concentration camps : social life at the extremes
The Nazi movement : why Hitler came to power
The spirit and structure of german fascism
Banned and persecuted : dictatorship of art under Hitler
The German war : a nation under arms, 1939-45
Hitler's art thief : Hildebrand Gurlitt, the Nazis, and the looting of Europe's treasures
The nazi secret service
Seventeen moments of spring. Parts 9-10 = Semnadtsat mgnoveni vesny. [9-10 serii]
The Book Thief & I Am the Messenger
You can't do business with Hitler
Illustrious immigrants : the intellectual migration from Europe 1930-41
Hitler's followers : studies in the sociology of the Nazi movement
On national socialism and world relations : speech delivered in the German Reichstag on January 30th 1937
A Mosaic of victims : non-Jews persecuted and murdered by the Nazis
Girl with a white dog
The Nazi party, the state and religion
Nazism 1919-1945. 4, The German home front in World War II : a documentary reader
Hitler. Ascent, 1889-1939
The winter garden
Berlin diary : the journal of a foreign correspondent 1934-1941
My friend the enemy : an English boy in Nazi Germany
Friends of Europe information service : No. 20, 11th August 1939 : Protestant Christianity in Hitler-Germany [contains a different translation of 6/225, 239 + 241]
The nightmare
Behemoth : the structure and practice of national socialism 1933-1944
The struggle in the German Church : chronicle May-Sept. 1938.
Across the frontiers
Aimée & Jaguar : a love story, Berlin 1943
Cultic revelations : studies in modern historical cult personalities and phenomena
Unlearning with Hannah Arendt
Music in the Third Reich
Industry looks at the "new" order
Prisoner of night and fog
The Reichstag fire trial : the second brown book of the Hitler terror : based on material collected by the World committee for the relief of the victims of German fascism
Inside the third reich
The Nazi Party : a social profile of members and leaders 1919-1945
Fascism neo-fascism neo-nazism : international seminar Frankfurt/Main (GFR) May 2 and 3, 1970
Nazi culture : Intellectual, cultural, and social life in the Third Reich
Nationalism and sexuality : middle-class morality and sexual norms in modern Europe d George L. Mosse
The Frankfurter Zeitung of March 13. 1938 : [extract announcing a new decree for the assurance of the legal unification of the Provincial Churches]
