http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12506 human ecology
human ecology
Social ecology : society-nature relations across time and space
The Earth has reached a tipping point. Runaway climate change, the sixth great extinction of planetary life, the acidification of the oceans—all point toward an era of unprecedented turbulence in humanity’s relationship within the web of life. But just what is that relationship, and how do we make sense of this extraordinary transition? Anthropocene or Capitalocene? offers answers to these questions from a dynamic group of leading critical scholars who challenge the conventional practice of dividing historical change and contemporary reality into “Nature” and “Society,” demonstrating the possibilities offered by a more nuanced and connective view of human environment-making, joined at every step with and within the biosphere. In distinct registers, the authors frame their discussions within a politics of hope that signal the possibilities for transcending capitalism, broadly understood as a “world-ecology” that joins nature, capital, and power as a historically evolving whole.
Mitigating climate change through food and land use
The ecological transition : cultural anthropology and human adaptation
Ecology and earth history
Where we belong : beyond abstraction in perceiving nature
Essential atlas of ecology
Man and nature : the spiritual crisis in modern man
Grounding religion : a field guide to the study of religion and ecology
Environmental psychology : a psycho-social introduction
Squandering Eden : Africa at the edge
Environmental anthropologists organize the realities of interdependent lands, plants, animals, and human beings; advocate for the neediest among them; and provide understandings that preserve what is needed for the survival of a diverse world. Can the things that anthropologists have learned in their studies of small-scale systems have any relevance for developing policies to address global problems? Townsend explores this dilemma in her captivating, concise exploration of environmental anthropology and its place among the discipline's subfields. Maintaining the structure and clarity of the previous edition, the second edition has been revised throughout to include new research, expanded discussions of climate change, and a chapter devoted to spiritual ecology. In the historical overview of the field, Townsend shows how ideas and approaches developed earlier are relevant to understanding how today's local populations adapt to their physical and biological environments. She next presents a closer look at global environmental issues--rapid expansion of the world economic system, disease and poverty, the loss of biodiversity and its implications for human health--to demonstrate the effects of interactions between local and global communities. As a capstone, she gives thoughtful consideration to how, as professionals and as individuals, we can move toward personal engagement with environmental problems.--Back cover.
Ecosystems and sustainable development VI. Sixth International Conference on Ecosystems and Sustainable Development
Population, environment, and social organization : Current issues in human ecology
Feral : searching for enchantment on the frontiers of rewilding
Comparison of forest stand characteristics and species diversity indices under different human impacts along an altitudinal gradient
Animal encounters : human and animal interaction in Britain from the Norman conquest to World War One
Ecology, the shaping enquiry : A course given at the institute of contemporary arts
Canadian environmental history : essential readings
Ecosystems, society, and health : pathways through diversity, convergence, and integration
Waterworlds : anthropology in fluid environments
Metabolism of the anthroposphere
Environmental humanities : voices from the anthropocene
Humanity's evolutionary destiny : a Darwinian perspective
Healing the wounds : the promise of ecofeminism
Niche construction : the neglected process in evolution
Subjugated animals : animals and anthropocentrism in early modern European culture
Human behavior and the principle of least effort : an introduction to human ecology
Urban place : reconnecting with the natural world
"The Routledge Handbook of Political Ecology presents a comprehensive and authoritative examination of the rapidly growing field of political ecology. Located at the intersection of geography, anthropology, sociology, and environmental history, political ecology is one of the most vibrant and conceptually diverse fields of inquiry into nature-society relations within the social sciences. The Handbook serves as an essential guide to this rapidly evolving intellectual landscape. With contributions from over 50 leading authors, the Handbook presents a systematic overview of political ecology's origins, practices and core concerns, and aims to advance both ongoing and emerging debates. While there are numerous edited volumes, textbooks, and monographs under the heading 'political ecology,' these have tended to be relatively narrow in scope, either as collections of empirically based (mostly case study) research on a given theme, or broad overviews of the field aimed at undergraduate audiences. The Routledge Handbook of Political Ecology is the first systematic, comprehensive overview of the field. With authors from North and South America, Europe, Australia and elsewhere, the Handbook of Political Ecology provides a state of the art examination of political ecology; addresses ongoing and emerging debates in this rapidly evolving field; and charts new agendas for research, policy, and activism. The Routledge Handbook of Political Ecology introduces political ecology as an interdisciplinary academic field. By presenting a 'state of the art' examination of the field, it will serve as an invaluable resource for students and scholars. It not only critically reviews the key debates in the field, but develops them"--
Human ecology economics : a new framework for global sustainability
Dirt : the erosion of civilizations
Matrix of man : An illustrated history of urban environment
Too smart for our own good : the ecological predicament of humankind
Survival : the survival of the human race
Opening with a vivid description of an early anthropological life as a "child" in a new place with no dictionaries nor etiquette books, Patricia Townsend provides readers with a global view of environmental anthropological issues. This relatively new field, defined in the 1950s with Julian Steward's term cultural ecology, has expanded through an exciting time during which the world has grown smaller and consumers more numerous and demanding.Trade has boomed internationally, and resources have been used greedily. Money has become a part of previously cashless societies; international media have romanticized primitive cultures while making them TV staples seen nightly in Western living rooms. Industrial risk has been introduced into remote, resource-rich areas. The role of the environmental anthropologist has been to organize the realities of interdependent plants, animals, and human beings, to advocate for the neediest among them, and to try passionately to save what is of value and importance to the survival of a diverse world.
Encyclopedia of environment and society
India's environmental history. 1, From ancient times to the colonial period : a reader
Ecological imaginations in the world religions : an ethnographic analysis
Thinking like a mall : environmental philosophy after the end of nature
By steppe, desert, and ocean : the birth of Eurasia
The dream of the earth
Places : linking nature, culture and planning
The comedy of survival : literary ecology and a play ethic
A history of water. Ser. 2, vol. 3, Water, geopolitics and the new world order
Advances in ecological research. Vol. 8
A history of water. Ser 2, vol. 2, Rivers and society
Human identity in the urban environment
Beastly natures : animals, humans, and the study of history
The atlas of coasts & oceans : ecosystems, threatened resources, marine conservation
Human communities : the city and human ecology
Human ecology : a theory of community structure
Traces of an omnivore
Southern Africa, where most of these book chapters originate, has been identified as one of regions of the world most at risk of the consequences of environmental degradation and climate change. At the same time, it is still seeking ways to overcome the century long ravages of colonial and apartheid impositions of structural and epistemic violence. Research deliberations and applied research case studies in environmental education and activism from this region provide an emerging contextualized engagement that is related to a wider internationally articulated quest to achieve social-ecological justice, resilience and sustainability through educational interventions. This book introduces a decade of mainly southern African critical realist environmental education research and thinking that asks the question: "How can we facilitate learning processes that will lead to the flourishing of the Earth’s people and ecosystems in more socially just ways?" The environmental education research topics represented in this book are wide-ranging. However, they all exhibit the common theme of social justice and wanting to create change towards a better future. All the authors have used critical realist or critical realist-influenced research methodologies. Offering contributions from a small but growing community of researchers working with critical realism in the global South, this book will be of interest to students, scholars and practitioners in the areas of environmental education, sustainability, development and the philosophy of critical realism in general.
Evolution of prolonged longevity in humans
Ecological anthropology
Ecoambiguity, Community, and Development takes stock of cultural and environmental contexts in many different regions of the world by exploring literature and film. Artists and scholars working in the social ecology, environmental justice, and postcolonial arenas have long recognized that as soon as we tug on a thread of "ecodegradation," we generally find it linked to some form of cultural oppression. The reverse is also often true. In the spirit of postcolonial ecocriticism, the studies collected by Scott Slovic, Swarnalatha Rangarajan, and Vidya Sarveswaran emphasize the impossibility of disentangling environmental and cultural problems. While not all the authors explicitly invoke Karen Thornber's term "ecoambiguity" or the concepts and terminology of postcolonial ecocriticism, their articles frequently bring to light various ironies. The repetition of this and other paradoxes in human cultural responses to the more-than-human world reinforces our sense of the congruities and idiosyncrasies of human culture.
The watchman's rattle : thinking our way out of extinction
An analysis of Nepali culture and society; (based on books and articles review
Big history : from the big bang to the present
Environmental philosophy : from animal rights to radical ecology
Human geography : people, place, and culture
Gaia and climate change : a theology of gift events
Introduction to cultural ecology
Dharma rain : sources of Buddhist environmentalism
Environmental anthropology : from pigs to policies
Ecoambiguity, community, and development : toward a politicized ecocriticism
Encounters with nature : essays
Human adaptability : an introduction to ecological anthropology
The ecology of freedom : the emergence and dissolution of hierarchy
Man and nature, or, physical geography as modified by human action (1864)
Science and sensibility : negotiating an ecology of place
Wake up and smell the planet : the non-pompous, non-preachy grist guide to greening your day
The ethics of environmental concern
The natural west : environmental history in the Great Plains and Rocky Mountains
Design with nature
What is the world of the 21st century like now that the centrality of the West is no longer given? How were the societies and cultures of today's world together with their interconnections forged, and what is driving human society in our times? In short, what is the state of the world today as we enter the second decade of the 21st century? This is the first book which deals with planetary human society as whole. It is a beginner's guide to the world after the West and after globalization, compact, portable, and jargon-free. It is aimed at everybody who, even with experience, has kept a begi.
A new agenda for sustainability
Psychosocial stress : population, environment and quality of life
Laudato si': on care for our common home : encyclical letter
Environmental argument and cultural difference : locations, fractures and deliberations
Liberation ecology : the reconciliation of natural and human cultures
Integral ecology : uniting multiple perspectives on the natural world
Various disturbances and ecological successional processes shape the structure of forests and affect biodiversity. We examined the forests over a 7400 km2 area in the Upper Min River watershed in Sichuan under different levels of human disturbance. This mountainous watershed represents a transitional landscape between the Qinghai-Tibet plateau and the Sichuan basin, with elevations ranging from 900 m to 5700 m. The watershed is degraded due to deforestation and soil degradation caused by natural and anthropogenic disturbances. According to different levels of human impact, the sample sites were divided into four classes: 1) near-natural forests, 2) selectively logged forests, 3) natural regeneration forests (after clear-cut), and 4) plantations. At different elevations, following quantitative characteristics were analysed: stand volume, basal area, weighted diameter, weighted height, and 7 biodiversity indices of tree species. The results showed that the structure of forest stands was characterized by a large number of seedlings and saplings. The near-natural forest had a significantly higher stand volume and basal area than the other managed stands. The four levels of human impact resulted in different abundance, evenness and richness of tree species along the altitudinal gradient. Explanatory variables, such as volume and weighted diameter, significantly contributed to the models for discrimination of stands under different human impacts. The result implies that near-natural forests, with their large stand volumes and biodiversity, can be used as references when developing strategies for forest restoration.
Dictionary of environmental history
A history of water. Ser. 2, vol. 1, Ideas of water from ancient societies to the modern world
The meaning of human existence
Ecofeminism : women, animals, nature
Sustainability and communities of place
Both a theoretical and a practical work, The Ecological Transition emphasizes the relationships between human culture, the physical environment, technology, and social policy. The Ecological Transition is a challenging volume that makes us face the consequences of human behavior in the modern world: its effect on pollution, natural resources, agriculture, the economy, and population, to name just a few areas. The book remains a significant contribution to the discourse on social, economic, and environmental problems. While the book was first published in 1976, it still reads as a contemporary tract.
The three ecologies
Rationality and the ideology of disconnection
Coming back to Earth : South Africa's changing environment
Nature and madness
New space for women
People and nature in historical perspective
Routledge handbook of political ecology
The holocene : an environmental history
Our choice : how we can solve the climate crisis
"If humans are to understand and discover ways of addressing complex social and ecological problems, we first need to find intimacy with our particular places and communities. Cultivating a relationship to place often includes a negotiating process that involves both science and sensibility. While science is one key part of an adaptive and resilient society, the cultivation of a renewed sense of place and community is essential as well. Science and Sensibility argues for the need for ecology to engage with philosophical values and economic motivations in a political process of negotiation, with the goal of shaping humans' treatment of the natural world. Michael McGinnis aims to reframe ecology so it might have greater "trans-scientific" awareness of the roles and interactions among multiple stakeholders in socioecological systems, and he also maintains that deep ecological knowledge of specific places will be crucial to supporting a sustainable society. He uses numerous specific case studies from watershed, coastal, and marine habitats to illustrate how place-based ecological negotiation can occur, and how reframing our negotiation process can influence conservation, restoration, and environmental policy in effective ways."--
India's environmental history. 2, Colonialism, modernity, and the nation : a reader
Anthropocene or capitalocene? : nature, history, and the crisis of capitalism
The world : a beginner's guide
Geographical thought : an introduction to ideas in human geography
Solar energy for a brighter life : a case study of rural electrification through solar photovoltaic technology in the Eastern Province, Zambia
Environmental challenges in the joint border area of Norway, Finland and Russia
Time-space appropriation in the Inka Empire : a study of imperial metabolism
Encyclopedia of human ecology
The ecological revolution : making peace with the planet
Participatory research in more-than-human worlds
Experimental ecology on the interaction between the Puumala hantavirus and its host, the bank vole
A rough ride to the future
The carbon age : how life's core element has become civilization's greatest threat
Environmental anthropology engaging ecotopia : bioregionalism, permaculture, and ecovillages
1492 : the year our world began
Neighbourhood and community environments
"We are destroying our natural environment at a constantly increasing pace, and in so doing undermining the preconditions of our own existence. Why is this so? This book reveals that our ecologically disruptive behavior is in fact rooted in our very nature as a species. Drawing on evolution theory, biology, anthropology, archaeology, economics, environmental science and history, this book explains the ecological predicament of humankind by placing it in the context of the first scientific theory of our species' development, taking over where Darwin left off. The theory presented is applied in detail to the whole of our seven-million-year history. Due to its comprehensiveness, and in part thanks to its extensive glossary and index, this book can function as a compact encyclopedia covering the whole development of Homo sapiens. It would also suit a variety of courses in the life and social sciences. Most importantly, Too Smart makes evident the very core of the paradigm to which our species must shift if it is to survive. Anyone concerned about the future of humankind should read this ground-breaking work. This book: Provides the first and only theory of humankind's development; Explains that economic and political (military) power have their respective biological bases in individual vs. group territoriality; Provides the first classification of human instincts: into the survival, sexual and social instincts; Provides the most inclusive characterization of different kinds of population check yet presented; Explains the importance of the anthropological, archaeological and economic findings of the past 50 years to understanding humankind's development; Clarifies the preconditions for human life on earth; Predicts what will happen to us in the near future"--Provided by publisher.
Human ecology : a theoretical essay
The ecosystem approach : complexity, uncertainty, and managing for sustainability
Ecological economics from the ground up
Music, language, and human evolution
Ecosystems and human well-being : biodiversity synthesis
Critical realism, environmental learning, and social-ecological change
Civilizations : culture, ambition and the transformation of nature
Balancing water for humans and nature : the new approach in ecohydrology
Anthropology and nature
The only world we've got : a Paul Shepard reader
Man in the landscape : a historic view of the esthetics of nature
