http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12588 income support
income support
Do social-welfare policies reduce poverty? : a cross-national assessment
"Work is good for you" : lone mothers, children, work and well-being
Kelan tilastollinen vuosikirja 2014= FPAs statistiska årsbok 2014 = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution 2014.
Interests, institutions and the welfare state : studies on public opinion towards the welfare state
Understanding experiences of vocational training and employment for persons with learning disabilities in Zambia : lessons for the future
Social assistance dynamics in Europe : national and local poverty regimes
Children, families and the welfare state : studies on the outcomes of the Finnish family policy
Direct state support for individual artists
Kelan tilastollinen vuosikirja 2013 = FPAs statistiska årsbok 2013 = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution 2013.
On social assistance in the Nordic capitals
The threat effect of mandatory programme participation in Finland : a study of activation reform of the labour market support system
The broad tracks of path dependent benefit reforms : a longitudinal study of social benefit reforms in three European countries, 1980-2006
Abstract: From innocence to freezy : observation of the transition stage from childhood to youth.
Cash and care : policy challenges in the welfare state
The law of social security
Social position of artists in Finland
Sammandarg. - Abstract.
Social assistance in Finland
Work incentives in single parent families
Unemployment benefits and social assistance in seven European countries : a comparative study
Changing lives and the role of income support : a study carried out on behalf of the Department of Social Security
Reforming agricultural policies : quantitative restrictions on production : direct income support
Public sector achievement in 36 countries : a comparative assessment of inputs, outputs and outcomes
Housing allowance in Finland in the 1990's : results of the cutbacks and evaluation of the effects
Poverty and quality of life among single parents : experiences of social assistance clients
Public transfers and private help : support networks of marginalised and poor individuals in Sweden in the 1990s
Self-activeness in domiciliary care : patients' need for help and help received
This report examines the inputs, outputs and outcomes of the public sector in 36 countries (including the EU-28) over the period 1995-2012. We study two sectors - education and health - in some detail, while taking a more general look at the sectors social safety, housing, social security and public administration, and a preliminary look at the sectors economic affairs and infrastructure, environmental protection, and sport, culture and participation. How do countries perform relative to their peers? Has their performance improved or worsened in recent years? Can countries learn from one another in this respect? The final part of the report looks at five sectors simultaneously and aims to identify and illustrate cross-sectoral patterns in the performance of regions and countries. 0The report is the third edition in this series. The results presented are intended to serve as input for the Dutch Presidency of the European Union in the first half of 2016. The report should be of interest to anyone with a broad interest in the public sector and public policy from an international comparative perspective.
Abstract: Statistical yearbook on social welfare and health care 2001.
What is the cost of living? : reference budgets for a decent minimum standard of living in Finland
Toimeentulotuki 1996 = Utkomststöd 1996 = Living allowance 1996.
The cost of cuts : studies on cutbacks in soscial security and their effects in the Finland of the 1990s
Balancing social citizenship and new paternalism : Finnish activation policy and street-level practice in a comparative perspective
Contemporary social assistance : dual commitments and dual failures?
Supporting yourself as an artist : a practical guide
The economics of art and culture : an American perspective
Summary: Financing of pharmaceuticals by municipal social security - reimbursement models, costs and functioning.
Contemporary social assistance : dual commitments and dual failures
Public money and the muse : essays on government funding for the arts
Sammandrag. - English abstract.
OECD questionnaire : country report of Finland
Summary in Finnish. - Summary in Swedish
Benefits and wages : OECD indicators
A comparative study on last resort social assistance schemes in six European countries
Skills and constraints : Bill Clinton's presidential leadership of entitlement reform, 1993-1999
Services integration for children and youth at risk and their families : the case of Finland
Economics of artists and arts policy : selection of papers
Working families : a comparative study of economic activity amongst lone parents in Ireland and Finland
Taxation, welfare and the crisis of unemployment in Europe
Kelan tilastollinen vuosikirja 2012 = FPAs statistiska årsbok 2012 = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution 2012.
Social assistance in Europe : a comparative study on minimum income in seven European countries
Referat.
Toimeentulotuki 1999 = Utkomststöd 1999 = Social assistance 1999
