http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12576 conceptual art
conceptual art
Robert Delford Brown : ikons of the First National Church of the  Exquisite Panic, Inc. at Fondazione Mudima, Milan / with a monograph by Robert C. Morgan
Fluxus research
Grapefruit : a book of instructions + drawings
Lucky kunst : the rise and fall of young British art
Salle : [an interview with David Salle by Peter Schjeldahl]
Maurizio Nannucci : language and horizons
Christo and Jeanne-Claude : [international projects] : the Würth Museum collection
Unexpected Art : serendipitous installations, site-specific works, and surprising interventions
Gilbert & George : Jack Freak Pictures 2008.
Art after philosophy and after : collected writings, 1966-1990
Love for sale : the words and pictures of Barbara Kruger / text by Kate Linker
Utopiâ i real'nost' : Èl' Lisickij, Il'â i Èmiliâ Kabakovy = Utopia and reality : El Lissitzky, Ilya and Emilia Kabakov
Sol Lewitt = wall drawings : Sala de las Alhajas, Madrid, febrero - marzo 1996 : dibujos murales
Ikons of the First National Church of the Exquisite Panic, Inc
Adrian Piper : race, gender, and embodiment
Fluxus and friends : selections from the alternative traditions in the contemporary arts collection
The curator as a conceptual artist
An anthology
Who's afraid of conceptual art?
Non-place
Where you are : a book of maps that will leave you feeling completely lost
(Not) making art, and (not) experiencing in / Pontus Kyander
The other rooms
Bookworks : a partial history and sourcebook
Printed Matter catalog 1981
Systems we have loved : conceptual art, affect, and the antihumanist turn
The Fluxus performance workbook
Arvaa tuhat kertaa! : mikä tämän selittäisi? = Make a thousand guesses! : how to explain this?
At the time of Warhol
Patterns : divided, mirrored, repeated
Images : illustration & conceptual art
Letters from words : from Ulysses
This not that : the artist John Baldessari
History becomes form : Moscow conceptualism
Peter Weibel, rewriter : early (conceptual) photographs, (expanded) films, (body) videos and (contextual) works, 1964-1975
Lauri Anttila searches for the moment between science and art / Lars Saari
Cleaning the house
Text
Figurative art since 1945.
How to turn your addiction to prescription drugs into a successful art career : formerly released as "How I turned my fear of waitressing and other three-dollar-an-hour jobs into a glamourous international career"
Land and environmental art
Knowledge : aspects of conceptual art : University Art Museum, Santa Barbara, 8 January - 23 February 1992, Santa Monica Museum of Art, Santa Monica, 2 April - 14 June, 1993, North Carolina Museum of Art, Raleigh, 8 August - 25 October 1992 / Francess Colpitt, Phyllis Plous
Contemporary art : the essential guide to 200 groundbreaking artists
Fluxus : selections from the Gilbert and Lila Silverman Collection
Contextualization and Presence in Visual Arts
New art : an international survey / edited by Andreas Papadakis, Clare Farrow & Nicola Hodges
Project : Marianna Uutinen
Meret Oppenheim : beyond the teacup
Fluxus! : an exhibition of textile-art multiples
Charles Ray
Rewriting conceptual art / edited by Michael Newman and Jon Bird
Interpreting some conceptual works of art : two Finnish examples / Marja Sakari
Conceptual art / Tony Godfrey
John Furnival : selected works of the last twenty years
More than you wanted to know about John Baldessari : Vol 2
Conceptual art and the politics of publicity / Alexander Alberro
Studio Olafur Eliasson is an experimental laboratory located in Berlin. Led by renowned Danish-Icelandic artist Olafur Eliasson, it functions as an interdisciplinary space, generating fresh dialogues between art and its surroundings. This sourcebook enables the reader to delve into the corners and crevices of the Studio's diverse projects.
Conceptual art in the Netherlands and Belgium 1965-1975 : artists, collectors, galleries, documents, exhibitions, events / ed. by Suzanna Héman, Jurrie Poot, Hripsimé Visser ; with contributions by Carel Blotkamp, Rudi Fuchs, Camiel van Winkel
Gay semiotics
Two-way mirror power : selected writings by Dan Graham on his art
Rewriting conceptual art
Bernar venet art and mathematics : in search of the sublime
Adel Abdessemed : the power to act
Psychology by Professor Schnitke
Collaboration
Splendid isolation : [photographs and woodcuts]
The dream of Fluxus : George Maciunas : an artist's biography
Art into ideas : essays on conceptual art
Tooth and nail : film and video 1970-74
The fine art index : a compendium of contemporary art and artists. 1993.
The production line of happiness
Mary Kelly : Interim : Post-Partum Document IV, VI
Helen Chadwick : constructing identies between art and architecture
The Other Publishers Catalogue : winter 1981-82
Conceptual art in the Netherlands and Belgium 1965-1975 : artists, collectors, galleries, documents, exhibitions, events
Purloined : a novel
Woord en beeld : in de Belgische Kunst van a tot z : 27.6.-15.1.1992 MUHKA, Museum van Hedendaagse Kunst Antwerpen = Les mots et les images : 27.6.-15.1.1992 MUHKA, Museum van Hedendaagse Kunst Antwerpen dans l'art Belge de a à z = Word and image : in Bel
Unconcealed : the international network of conceptual artists 1967-77; dealers, exhibitions and public collections
In & out of Amsterdam : travels in conceptual art. 1960-1976
Mary Kelly
Limited edition : prototypes, one-offs and design art furniture
Portraits of spaces
Rosemarie Trockel : bodies of work 1986-1998
Joseph Kosuth : eine grammatische bemerkung = a grammatical remark
Artist / author : contemporary artists' books
Trying to cope with things that aren't human (part one)
Overlay : contemporary art and the art of prehistory
Nüüdiskunst muuseumis : kuidas säilitada mittesäilivat? : Eesti Kunstimuuseumi nüüdiskunsti kogu säilitamise strateegia ning meetod = Contemporary art in the museum : how to preserve the ephemeral? : the preservation strategy and methods of the contemporary art collection of the art museum of Estonia
Interplay : neo-geo [crossed out] neoconceptual art of the 1980s
Out of the North : contemporary art from Denmark and Sweden
Unexpressionism : art beyond the contemporary
Richard Prince
Material interchange -- Identity transfer -- Rocked hand -- Compression-Fern (hand) -- Pressure piece -- Glassed hand -- Compression-Fern (face) -- Leafed hand -- Extended armour -- Nail sharpening -- Toward becoming a devil -- Rocked stomach -- Disappear -- I'm failing -- Mittens -- 2-stage transfer drawing (advancing to a future state) -- Air pressure (hand) -- Lead sink for Sebastian -- Gingerbread man -- Fusion: tooth and nail -- Forming sounds -- A feedback situation -- Objectified counter forces -- Feedback -- Extended expressions -- Vertical penetration -- Whipping into shape -- Parallel arcs --          Slow punch -- Rocks in navel.
Moscow conceptualism 1970-1990 / Natalia Tamruchi
Susan Hiller, recall : selected works 1969-2004 = Arbeiten von 1969-2004
"Gordon Matta-Clark, scion and rebel, died at 35 in 1978 and has since become a cult figure of late-twentieth-century art. Born in New York and trained in architecture at Cornell, his work broke the boundaries between sculpture and architecture, photography and film, performance and installation, and -above all- the permanent and the transitory." "This book, conceived and based on the gradual opening of Matta-Clark's archives at the Canadian Centre for Architecture in Montreal, collects -for first time- his main writings (including Art Cards and Notebooks) and interviews, with a wide selection of reference works."--BOOK JACKET
Represents a new adventure in image-making and book-making by Gerhard Richter, who took an image of his work "Abstract Painting" (CR: 7244) and divided it vertically into strips: first 2, then 4, 8,16. 32, 64, 128, 256, 512, 1,024, 2,048, up to 4,096 strips. This process, involving twelve stages of division, results in 8,190 strips, each of which is reproduced here at the height of the original image. With each stage of division, the strips become progressively thinner (a strip of the 12th division is just 0.08 millimeters; further divisions would only become visible by enlargement). Each strip is then mirrored and repeated, producing an incredibly detailed patterning. The number of repetitions increases with each stage of division in order to make patterns of consistent size. The resulting 221 patterns are reproduced here on landscape spreads.
Making dying illegal : architecture against death : original to the 21st century
Basic insect : perushyönteinen
The entire world as a foreign land
Beyond the plane : American constructions 1930-1965
The mechanism of meaning
Art after conceptual art
The problems of representation and perception in cubism
The phenomenology of conceptual art : on direct and textualized perception
Conceptual art: a critical anthology
Where have you been?
Projective graphics. The first album
Ilya Kabakov : the man who never threw anything away
Museum Haus Konstruktiv complete concrete
Voids : a retrospective
The cutting edge of reading : artists' books
Yoko Ono : impressions
Lumo '95 : muisti - ajatus - toive : 3. kansainvälinen valokuvataiteen triennaali = memory - thought - hope : 3rd international triennal of photography
Francesco Conz and the intermedia avant-garde
Gordon Matta-Clark : works and collected writings
The Order of Things :  An Archaelogy of the Human Sciences
Worldview / Emma Kay
Six years : the dematerialization of the art object from 1966 to 1972... / edited and annotated by Lucy R. Lippard
The speed book
PostSecret : extraordinary confessions from ordinary lives
Synopsis: This video archive with accompanying essays traces internationally-renowned media and conceptual artist Peter Weibel's artistic developments from his beginnings through 1979. Weibel started out in 1964 as a visual poet, and was soon transferring the structures of the visual culture from the page to the screen, while still retaining the model of language as one of perception. Later, he developed a critical impulse that turned not only against art but also against society and the media itself. This specific development from the page via the screen to gallery space -- all happening as early as the 1960s -- anticipated many of the trends that were later to be described as conceptual art, context art, institutional criticism, and intervention.
Fluxus games and contemporary folklore : on the non-individual character of Fluxus Art : (paper read at the symposium "In the spirit of Fluxus" at Walker Art Center, Minneapolis, February 12-13, 1993)
New art in the 60s and 70s : redefining reality
Strata : 28.3-2.8.1992 : Tampereen taidemuseo = Tampere Art Museum : Nykytaiteen museo = Museet för nutidskonst : The Museum of Contemporary Art, Helsinki
More than you wanted to know about John Baldessari : Vol 1
Global conceptualism : points of origin 1950s-1980s
I want to spend the rest of my life everywhere, with everyone, one to one, always, forever, now
Conceptual art : Fluxus, digital art, agrippa, Tellus audio cassette magazine, Willoughby Sharp, I am acurator, democracy and desire, systems art, Robert Watts, Water Yam, Ronald Jones, sensation, immersion, twentysix gasoline stations, digital painting
Bonk Business Inc
Conceptual art / edited by Peter Osborne
