http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p125 crimes
crimes
The Jesus man
Lost in translation? : Translating allusions in two of Reginald Hill's Dalziel & Pascoe novels
Criminalizing business cartels in Europe : a comparative perspective
Hitler's art thief : Hildebrand Gurlitt, the Nazis, and the looting of Europe's treasures
Decisions by district courts in criminal cases
100 bullets. Vol. 11 : Once upon a crime
The royalist
High heat : a Jack Reacher novella
The detective's assistant
Witness the dead
Fred & Rose : the full story of Fred and Rose West and the Gloucester house of horrors
Cyber-bullying : issues and solutions for the school, the classroom and the home
A cold death in Amsterdam
Hackers : heroes of the computer revolution
The dotcrime manifesto : how to stop Internet crime
Children and young people who sexually abuse others : current developments and practice responses
The white worm
The girl in in the mask
Death of a cozy writer
Missoula : rape and the justice system in a college town
Beware the creeper
The dead queen's garden
Prosecutions, sentences and punishments
The kind worth killing
The Racketeer
Helter skelter : The true story of the Manson murders
Uncommon criminals : a heist society novel
Abstract.
Fly in the ointment
Information technology law
William heads to Hollywood
The real Sherlock Holmes : the hidden story of Jerome Caminada
A different class of murder : the story of Lord Lucan
The black notebook
Alcohol and crime : study prepared at the request of the Council of Europe
Catching the wolf of Wall Street : More incredible true stories of fortunes, schemes, parties and prison
Statistics on offences and coercive measures
Beyond the law : crime in complex organizations
Discovering knowledge in various applications with a novel hyperspectral imager
Finland drug situation 2009 : new developments, trends and in-depth information on selected issues : 2009 national report to the EMCDDA
Aggressive network self-defence
The long and faraway gone : a novel
Explaining two forms of Internet crime from two perspectives : toward stage theories for phishing and Internet scamming
The last time I saw her : a novel
Infinite ground
Crime scene : the ultimate guide to forensic science
After I'm gone : a novel
22 little dead bodies
Future crimes : everything is connected, everyone is vulnerable and what we can do about it
Crime fiction
Black-eyed Susans : a novel of suspence
Criminal : the truth about why people do bad things
Sharon Tate and the Manson murders
John Lowery was declared dead in 1968--the victim of a Huey crash in Vietnam. Four decades later, Temperance Brennan is called to the scene of a drowning in Quebec. The victim appears to have died while in the midst of a bizarre sexual practice. The corpse is later identified as John Lowery. But how could Lowery have died twice? Taking the remains to JPAC in Hawaii for reanalysis, Tempe is joined by her colleague and ex-lover Detective Andrew Ryan (how "ex" is he?) and by her daughter, recovering from her own tragic loss. Soon another set of remains is located, with Lowery's dog tags tangled among them. Three bodies--all identified as Lowery / WorldCat.
Crime and the elderly : challenge and response
Unemployment and gang crime : could prosperity backfire?
A bed of scorpions
The Count of Monte Cristo
Every secret thing
CSI : crime scene investigation : fatal conspiracy : PlayStation 3
The house gun
Death and the lit chick
I am your judge : a novel
Cold courage
Dark days : a memoir
Beneath London
The Cézanne Chase
Horror on the Orient express : a luxury campaign spanning the European continent
The hidden legacy
Unmixing methods in novel applications of spectral imaging
Library of the dead
Crime wave : reportage and fiction from the underside of L.A
The hunger of the wolf : a novel
Amendments to the Penal Code and to the Decree on the Enforcement of the Penal Code
Years after discovering her father's predatory double life, successful photographer Naomi Bowes struggles to hide her painful past from her fellow residents in a community thousands of miles away, a situation that introduces her to a new relationship and forces her to confront her demons.
The con men : hustling in New York City
The best American crime reporting. 2008
Ethnic cleansing and the Indian : the crime that should haunt America
The luminaries
Murder at Cape Three Points
Finnish customs investigation report
A lesson in secrets
Fear of crime and criminal victimization
From whodunnit to whydunnit : the transformation of the traditional detective story into a modern crime novel
Finland drug situation 2013 : new developments, trends and in-depth information on selected issues : 2013 national report to the EMCDDA
Mediation in Finland
The woman in the fifth
Jane and the twelve days of Christmas
Ghost child
Son of a gun : a memoir
Set in the heart of beautiful rural Wales. The protagonist, Sarah, is running from her past. Her tormentor has been in prison for seventeen years, but is about to be released. Just as Rachel thinks she's escaped him, there's a threat closer to home. Somebody's watching her. And they know she's alone...
Coping with international atrocities through criminal law : a study into the typical features of international criminality and the reflection of these traits in international criminal law
Snapshot
Novel problems relating to criminal evidence have emerged in connection with the recent developments of technology and society. In this paper, some of these legal and practical problems are identified and examined, with a distinction made between mostly cybercrime-specific problems and problems related to electronic evidence. This paper provides an overview of the topic and brings to light the need for continuing research in the field..
Coping with crime : the businessman's guide to dealing with stealing, spying, fraud, false trade descriptions and other common commercial crimes with tax, vehicle and race relations supplements
Catching the wolf of Wall Street : more incredible true stories of fortunes, schemes, parties and prison
Challenges of organising victim-offender mediation in Finland
Deviant behavior : crime, conflict, and interest groups
After her : a novel
The primrose path
Hard evidence : Wii
The ripper legacy
The crime of Julian Wells
The informant
What she left behind
The girl with the dragon tattoo and philosophy : everything is fire
Thief of thieves. Vol 3. : "Venice"
Murder houses of London
An economic perspective on crime, its costs, crime fighting and rehabilitation efforts
Behavioral Threat Management: Prevention of Severe Targeted Violence in Educational Institutions
The wolf road
Izzy Stone struggles to solve the mysteries surrounding her mentally ill mother and discover a place to truly call home.
Pupil-related psychosocial factors, school setting, and teacher sick leave : a collaborative data study
Crime in developing countries : A comparative perspective
The first comprehensive biography of Sharon Tate: Hollywood star, wife of Roman Polanski, victim of Charles Manson, and symbol of the death of the 1960s.
An unprecedented, definitive insider perspective on the twentieth anniversary of one of the most heinous, sensationalized, unsolved crimes in American history.
Underground : tales of hacking, madness and obsession on the electronic frontier
Cybersecurity and cybercrime in the 21st century
Val McDermid 3-book bundle
The bone collection
The bloody inn
The complete Pistolwhip
Rivers of London : Night witch
International Conference On Crimes of Communism : Speeches
Behind God's back
A smart and engaging police procedural about a Dutch detective struggling to come to terms with her past. Set in Amsterdam, the novel introduces Lotte Meerman, a Cold Case detective still recovering from the emotional devastation of her previous investigation. A tip-off leads Lotte to an unresolved ten-year-old murder case in which her father was the lead detective. When she discovers irregularities surrounding the original investigation that make him a suspect, she decides to cover for him. She doesn't tell her boss about the family connection and jeopardises her career by hiding evidence. Now she has to find the real murderer before her acts are discovered, otherwise her father will go to jail and she will lose her job, the one thing in life she still takes pride in.
Boy crucified
Countdown city
Stealing your life : the ultimate identity theft prevention plan
In the summer of 1986, two tragedies rocked Oklahoma City. Six movie-theater employees were brutally killed in an armed robbery. Then a teenage girl vanished from the annual state fair. Neither crime was ever solved. Twenty-five years later, the reverberations of those unsolved cases continue to echo through the lives of those devastated by the crimes. Wyatt, the one teenage employee who inexplicably survived the movie-theater massacre, is now a private investigator in Las Vegas. A case unexpectedly brings him back to a hometown and a past he's tried to escape -- and drags him deeper into the harrowing mystery of the movie-house robbery that left six of his friends dead.
The cinderella murder : an under suspicion novel
Naming Jack the Ripper : new crime scene evidence, a stunning forensic breakthrough, the killer revealed
Crime and personality
Forensics : the anatomy of crime
The darkest heart
Thomas Fool alone has survived the wrath of both demon and angel, and now he faces his most thrilling and complex challenge. Troubling and deadly fires are spreading throughout Hell, and it is Fool's job to sift the ashes and find their source. The clues he finds are mysterious and unsettling, implying something different from the usual litany of cruelty he sees. But one fact is the most disconcerting: the fires have left his masters at the Bureaucracy terrified. In the midst of the chaos, Fool is sent to accompany a political delegation to Heaven. It is unprecedented for a condemned human to enter the land of the elevated, but Fool is protected as one of Hell's own. When his arrival coincides with the discovery of an impossible murder, he faces a catastrophic paradox. Violence, corruption, and fear are Hell's currency; how does one investigate evil where those concepts cannot exist? Impossible or not, the killings are real, and the evidence leads Fool deep into the contradictions of a visionary landscape, where danger can present itself in any form, and to the heart of a conspiracy with the power to upset the balance of Heaven and Hell.
Selected Readings in Chinese Legal System
Who is responsible? : war crimes in Chechnya
In the dead of night, three raging fires light up the city skies. It's more than a tragic coincidence. For DI Helen Grace the flames announce the arrival of an evil she has never encountered before. Because this is no firestarter seeking sick thrills, but something more chilling: a series of carefully calculated acts of murder. But why were the victims chosen? What's driving the killer? And who will be next? A powder keg of fear, suspicion and dread has been laid. Now all it needs is a spark to set it off . . .
Functional and conflict theories of crime
Precious and the mystery of Meerkat Hill : a new case from Precious Ramotswe
Killer instinct
Safely to the grave
The guest room : a novel
The Devil's evidence
Hit and run
Forensic science : a beginner's guide
The gates of Evangeline
Victim-offender mediation in Europe : making restorative justice work : with the financial support of the Grotius programme of the European Union
Better late than never
The hacker crackdown : law and disorder on the electronic frontier
Digital crime : policing the cybernation
Always Emily
Den of thieves
A sexual sadist, he took pleasure in torture and murder. His first victims were a teenage couple, stalked and shot dead in a lovers' lane. After another slaying, he sent his first mocking note to authorities, promising he would kill more. The official tally of his victims was six. He claimed thirty-seven dead. The real toll may have reached fifty.  Robert Graysmith was on staff at the The San Francisco Chronicle in 1968 when Zodiac first struck, triggering in the resolute reporter an unrelenting obsession with seeing the hooded killer brought to justice. In this gripping account of Zodiac's eleven-month reign of terror, Graysmith reveals hundreds of facts previously unreleased, including the complete text of the killer's letters.
Fear of crime : interpreting victimization risk
Missing, believed crazy
The escape
Determined to overreach his humanity and assert his untrammelled individual will, Raskolnikov, an impoverished student living in the St. Petersburg of the Tsars, commits an act of murder and theft and sets into motion a story which, for its excrutiating suspense, its atmospheric vividness, and its profundity of characterization and vision, is almost unequaled in the literatures of the world. The best known of Dostoevsky's masterpieces, Crime and Punishment can bear any amount of rereading without losing a drop of its power over our imagination.
The curious case of the copper corpse
"In the latest Library Lover's Mystery from the New York Times bestselling author of A Likely Story, a decades-overdue book puts library director Lindsey Norris hot on the trail of a cold case. When the Briar Creek Public Library holds its first overdue book amnesty day no fines for late returns the volume of incoming materials is more than Lindsey and her staff can handle. In a bind, Lindsey drafts the crafternoon ladies to help check in and sort the stacks of books. But one tardy tome catches her attention a copy of J. D. Salinger's The Catcher in the Rye, twenty years past due. When Lindsey looks up the borrower, she's shocked to discover it was a murdered schoolteacher named Candice Whitley, whose killer was never found. Candice checked out the novel on the day she was murdered. Now Lindsey wonders if it could provide a clue to the decades-old cold case. No one noticed who brought the book back in, but could it be Candice's killer? Lindsey is determined to catch the culprit one way or another, because justice for Candice Whitley is long overdue.."--
Cyber security culture : counteracting cyber threats through organizational learning and training
The evidence enigma : correctional boot camps and other failures in evidence-based policymaking
When ordinary men do evil : lessons from My Lai and beyond
Unprepared to die : America's greatest murder ballads and the true stories that inspired them
The roots of evil : a social history of crime and punishment
Criminal evidence in the network society: new problems, new solutions?
The mammoth book of locked-room mysteries and impossible crimes
Crime by computer
The Luminaries : a novel
Case one : knock down
The good suicides
Say you're sorry
Crime and society in England 1750-1900
The extent of violence against women is currently hidden. How should violence be measured? How should research and new ways of thinking about violence improve its measurement? Could improved measurement change policy? The book is a guide to how the measurement of violence can be best achieved. It shows how to make femicide, rape, domestic violence, and FGM visible in official statistics. It offers practical guidance on definitions, indicators and coordination mechanisms. It reflects on theoretical debates on 'what is gender', 'what is violence', and 'the concept of coercive control', and introduces the concept of 'gender saturated context'. Analysing the socially constructed nature of statistics and the links between knowledge and power, it sets new standards and guidelines to influence the measurement of violence in the coming decades.
Returned from the dead, an unexplained revival that has left her plagued by nightmares, cop and single mom Charlie Madigan must stop the distribution of an off-world drug called ash, while protecting her loved ones from a force more powerful than heaven and hell combined.
Snow White must die
Women who kill : profiles of female serial killers
The surrogates
Snow White Must Die by Nele Neuhaus is a tremendous new contemporary mystery series and huge international bestseller--with more than 2.5 million copies in print!On a rainy November day police detectives Pia Kirchhoff and Oliver von Bodenstein are summoned to a mysterious traffic accident: A woman has fallen from a pedestrian bridge onto a car driving underneath. According to a witness, the woman may have been pushed. The investigation leads Pia and Oliver to a small village, and the home of the victim, Rita Cramer.On a September evening eleven years earlier, two seventeen-year-old girls vanished from the village without a trace. In a trial based only on circumstantial evidence, twenty-year-old Tobias Sartorius, Rita Cramer's son, was sentenced to ten years in prison. Bodenstein and Kirchhoff discover that Tobias, after serving his sentence, has now returned to his home town. Did the attack on his mother have something to do with his return?In the village, Pia and Oliver encounter a wall of silence. When another young girl disappears, the events of the past seem to be repeating themselves in a disastrous manner. The investigation turns into a race against time, because for the villagers it is soon clear who the perpetrator is--and this time they are determined to take matters into their own hands.An atmospheric, character-driven and suspenseful mystery set in a small town that could be anywhere, dealing with issues of gossip, power, and keeping up appearances
A matter of time
A cannabis reader : global issues and local experiences : perspectives on cannabis controversies, treatment and regulation in Europe
Crime, protest, community and police in nineteenth-century Britain
The death of an owl
Forensic psychology for dummies
Irrefutable evidence : adventures in the history of forensic science
Code hacking : a developer's guide to network security
The Devil's detective
The house with no rooms
The butchers of berlin
Computer hacking
The protector
Victim-offender mediation : an alternative, an adition or nothing but a rubbish bin in relation to legal proceedings
The adversary novel : a true story of murder and deception
Crimes committed by totalitarian regimes : crimes and other gross an large scale human rights violations committed during the reign of totalitarian regimes in Europe : cross-national survey of crimes committed and of their remembrance, recognition, redress, and reconciliation : reports and proceedings of the 8 April European hearing on "Crimes committed by totalitarian regimes", organised by the Slovenian Presidency of the Council of the European Union (January-June 2008) and the European Commission
Cold cold heart
The concept and measurement of violence against women and men
Shifting the blame : how victimization became a criminal defence
Super crooks. Book one : The heist
Horror on the Orient express contains a massive and legendary campaign, of up to nineteen adventures, for the Call of Cthulhu roleplaying game. Beginning in 1920s London, the investigators journey to Paris and thence to the ancient city of Constantinople. With luck, they also return home.
Locked room murders and other impossible crimes
Driving heat
Anti-corruption handbook for development practitioners
Unsolved murders and mysteries
Crime and religious beliefs in India
"Honour" : crimes, paradigms, and violence against women
Helter skelter : the true story of the Manson murders
The final cut
The Rabbit Back Literature Society
Crime and punishment
Spam nation : the inside story of organized cybercrime--from global epidemic to your front door
The obsession
Wild storm
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
What works in preventing crime? : systematic reviews of experimental and quasi-experimental research
The magnificent Lizzie Brown and the mysterious phantom
End user awareness of cybersecurity challenges
The better part of darkness
You could do something amazing with your life (you are Raoul Moat)
"Crime and crime control in an integrating Europe"
Deviant : the story of Ed Gein, the original Psycho
Digital evidence and computer crime : forensic science, computers, and the Internet
The boy in the river
The vintage caper
We have your daughter : the unsolved murder of JonBenét Ramsey twenty years later
Since the Damn Stupid turned the clock back on civilization by centuries, the world has been a harsher place. But Elka has learned everything she needs to survive from the man she calls Trapper, the solitary hunter who took her in when she was just seven years old. So when Elka sees the Wanted poster in town, her simple existence is shattered. Her Trapper – Kreagar Hallet – is wanted for murder. Even worse, Magistrate Lyon is hot on his trail, and she wants to talk to Elka.
The ghost of Lily Painter
