http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12569 foster home care
foster home care
Promoting children's welfare in the Nordic countries
This book challenges the concept of wellbeing as applied to children, particularly in a school-based context. Taking a post-structural approach, it suggests that wellbeing should be understood, and experiences revealed, at the level of the subjective child. This runs counter to contemporary accounts that reduce children's wellbeing to objective lists of things that are needed in order to live well. This book will be useful for academics and practitioners working directly with children, and anyone interested in children's wellbeing.
How to care for your parents : a practical guide to eldercare
Challenging Child Protection offers a ground-breaking new perspective which will illuminate and improve the professional understanding and practice of social workers and child protection workers. Taking a fresh look at the principles underlying child protection, this book provides a thought-provoking analysis of the evidence base which underpins professional understanding and intervention. It outlines the ways in which agencies have worked to prevent child abuse and neglect and traces key changes in UK policy, as well as situating these amid wider trends in Europe. With contributions from a wide variety of disciplines, including philosophy and anthropology, this is a uniquely diverse collection of academic perspectives. This book challenges our conceptions of child protection and encourages readers to think critically about why children are harmed by adults, how society views child abuse and how this informs practice.
Sickness and maternity schemes and family policy in Finland
Family troubles? : exploring changes and challenges in the family lives of children and young people
Carers talking : interviews with family carers of older, dependent people in the European Community
Combining paid work and family care : policies and experiences in international perspective
The welfare of children with mentally ill parents : learning from inter-country comparisons
Selected readings in family nursing from the Finnish perspective II
Challenging child protection : new directions in safeguarding children
Children and families in health and illness
How Eskimos keep their babies warm and other adventures in parenting (from Argentina to Tanzania and everywhere in between)
Living in a home - feeling at home : final programme : IFCO 2002, The International Foster Care Organisation European Conference, 8-11 August 2002 Tampere, Finland
Multicultural parents and pedagogical partnership. Parents' views on municipal daycare in the metropolitan area. : "We learn from each other, everywhere and in every kind of situations."
Burnout and self-reported health among finnish physicians
Determinants of institutional care at older ages in Finland
Women, men and children in families : private troubles and public issues
Early childhood education and care in Finland
Where fatherlessness meets music therapy : "the importance of therapist & the uniqueness of music"
Lapsiperheiden elämänhallintavalmiudet : perheohjauksen arviointi = Life control potential of families with small children, evaluation of family counselling
Supporting the family's coping in the context of an adult family member's day surgical care
Defamilialisation Policies and Attitudes and Behaviour Among Mothers in Twelve European Countries. Do results for Denmark, Finland and Sweden differ from the others?
Personality disorders in the Northern Finland 1966 Birth Cohort Study
Creating Physical Education Lessons for Family Childminders
Sibling abuse : hidden physical, emotional, and sexual trauma
Discursive matrixes of motherhood : cultivating decency and emotion in Finnish and French mother-talk
Confronting a victim of intimate partner violence in nursing care : a literature review
Promoting child development and mental health in adult psychiatric care : a nurses' perspective
Treating sexual distress : integrative systems therapy
Family day care in Germany - the gap between vision and reality
Early childhood education and care policy in Finland
Family nursing practice
Supporting Family Coping in Paediatric Intensive Care
Taking up one's worries : a handbook on early dialogues
Family health and home nursing
Understanding family care : a multidimensional model of caring and coping
Toward a home-school health partnership : a participatory action research study, 2008-2010
Growth counseling for mid-years couples
The Welfare of Children with Mentally Ill Parents examines the interventions made by professional workers from a range of different disciplines in families with dependent children and a mentally ill parent. The authors compare responses of professionals in ten European countries and one state in Australia. The analysis of the differences sheds new light on both the inherent and system-determined difficulties in helping families to manage their situation effectively. Features the only comparative study of mental health social services and the law governing compulsory hospital admission Covers a current "hot-button" topic that is growing in importance as the impact of social policy developments on children over time becomes more apparent Offers a unique perspective due to the focus on the impact of children of mentally ill parents and the international systems that deal with child protection.
Family health promotion : a systematic review
Aging, health, and family : long-term care
Bringing the family back in? : attitudes towards the role of the family in caring for the elderly and children
Preserving families : evaluation resources for practitioners and policymakers
Community health nursing : frameworks for practice
Family health care nursing : theory, practice, and research
Children and violence : nature, consequences and interventions
Family nursing : research, theory & practice
The true story of two neglected little children saved from abuse and transformed by the love and care of foster mother Maggie Hartley.
The family and the handicapped child : a study of cerebral palsied children in their homes
Signs of safety : a solution and safety oriented approach to child protection
Family care of dependent older people in the European Community
Child welfare : major themes in health and social welfare. Volume 3 : Child placement and children away from home
Mothering justice : working with mothers in criminal and social justice settings
We are not babysitters : family childcare providers redefine work and care
Case studies in child, adolescent, and family treatment
The Longitudinal Study of Medical and Health Care  Students' Experiences and Attitudes Towards  Interprofessional Learning in First Semester Course
Growth counseling for marriage enrichment : pre-marriage and the early years
The conceptions of care among family caregivers of persons living with HIV/AIDS in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia
Families in context : emerging trends in family support and early intervention
International family nursing research congress : towards new challenges in family nursing : 13-15 May 1999 Tampere Finland :  book of abstracts
A perspective on health, family, learning & collaborative nursing : a collection of writings on the McGill model of nursing
Summary.
Working and caring : developments at the workplace for family carers of disabled and older people
Coping with drug problems in the family
Selected practice recommendations for contraceptive use : 2008 update
Family time : the social organization of care
The environment of schizophrenia : innovations on practice, policy and communications
It's twins! Now what? : tips, advice and real-life experience to help you from pregnancy through to your babies' first year
Reflections on narrative practice : essays and interviews
Child and family-centred healthcare : concept, theory, and practice
Selected readings in family nursing from the finnish perspective
Childrenś nursing in practice : The Nottingham model
Resource-enhancing nursing at home for families with small children : evaluation of early interventions
Family caregiving across the lifespan
Pain in childbearing : key issues in management
Family nursing : research, theory and practice
Multicultural parents and pedagogical partnership : parents' views on municipal daycare in the metropolitan area : "We learn from each other, everywhere and in every kind of situations"
Tiny Prisoners: Two siblings trapped in a world of abuse. One woman determined to free them
Interprofessional course "Public health and interprofessional collaboration" was planned for the first semester medical and health care students by two universities of Oulu, Finland. The course architecture was built on blended methods including lectures, video based workshops, interactive e-learning phase based on family cases with everyday health and wellbeing problems of the family members. The course ended with student conference. All together 1681 students from ten different degree programs participated in the course during the years 2007-2013. In this paper we describe the students' readiness and attitudes towards interprofessional learning (IPL) with RIPLS (Readiness towards interprofessional learning scale) in the beginning of the course and students' feedback and learning experiences at the end of the course using the web based inquiry. The attitudes and readiness towards IPL were evaluated quite positive. The highest RIPLS scores were evaluated in Teamwork and collaboration. The different development of the attitudes between the groups was seen in Roles and responsibilities. In the longitudinal perspective the medical students evaluated all of the subscales lower than the health care students. The scoring stayed in the same level during the years. The difference between the groups was significant. The learning outcomes correlated linearly with students' own activity. Those students, who took actively part in web and group discussions learned most. Family cases helped them to get the big picture of the service system. Based on students feedback participative methods gradually replaced the traditionally methods like lectures during the years. The learning outcomes were evaluated relatively good.
The family in political thought
Involved parenthood : everyday lives of Swedish middle-class families
Quality impact of home care for the elderly
Summary (s. 7-8) : Services for people with intellectual disabilities in 2004.
Subjective wellbeing in regional contexts
Abstract: Dimensions and possibilities in multipleparenthood.
Nurses and families : a guide to family assessment and intervention
Mothering occupations : challenge, agency, and participation
Diverse family leave and day care policies create varying monetary incentives for mothers to stay at home with their children. They also affect attitudes of mothers and this should influence childcare decisions. In this study, attitudes of mothers towards cutting down on paid work for the sake of family as well as their behaviour regarding childcare at home were studied in 12 European countries. Of special interest were Denmark, Finland and Sweden, three Nordic countries with a long tradition of childcare policies supporting mothers' work participation. The data is based on the European Social Survey (ESS) Round 2, conducted in 2004 and 2005. The least familialistic attitudes were found in Sweden, Denmark and Finland. A coarse indicator for the effectiveness of childcare policy was devised and indicated that attitudes correlated with the policies in several countries. No correspondence was found between attitudes and average times spent with children at home. Regarding the Nordic countries (particularly Sweden and Finland), the contradictions observed were consistent with childcare policies that affect short- and long-term behaviour in opposite directions. In Finland, a familialistic attitude was relatively common among mothers whose youngest child was under 1-year-old.
Partnerships in family care
Emotional Support in the Case of Spontaneous Abortion : Written support material
Journal of family nursing
Family work with elderly people
New views on sexual health : the case of Finland
The management of family resources
The hidden victims of Alzheimer's disease : families under stress
Perhehoitotieteelliset tutkimusmenetelmät = Research methods in family nursing science
Intellectual disabilities : a systemic approach
Building strengths and skills : a collaborative approach to working with clients
