http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12510 scandals
scandals
Cockroaches
The cunning house
The dressmaker
"The definitive book on how the News of the World phone-hacking scandal reached the highest echelons of power in the government, security, and the media in the UK, from the journalist who broke the story"--
The perfect mistress
The spire : a novel
The dark valley
Tiger : the real story
Scandalous again
Sensation and detection : Mary Cecil Hay, Old Myddelton's money (1874)
The devil's paintbrush
The dirty game : uncovering the scandal at FIFA
Scandalous! : the mediated construction of political scandals in four nordic countries
Media scandals : morality and desire in the popular culture marketplace
The swans of fifth avenue : a novel
The hunting of the President : the ten-year campaign to destroy Bill and Hillary Clinton
Make my wish come true
Aunt Julia and the scriptwriter
The mammoth book of cover-ups  : the encyclopedia of conspiracy theories
Fool for love
"A thousand-story tower stretching into the sky. A glittering vision of the future where anything is possible -- if you want it enough. Welcome to Manhattan, 2118. A hundred years in the future, New York is a city of innovation and dreams. Everyone there wants something ... and everyone has something to lose." -- From dustjacket.
The dirty game : uncovering the scandal at Fifa
Constance : the tragic and scandalous life of Mrs Oscar Wilde
The betrayal of Natalie Hargrove
Century of scandal  : a collection of outrageous, shocking and unforgettable indiscretions..
The ugly duchess
A vast conspiracy : the real story of the sex scandal that nearly brought down a president
A beautiful model's death uncovers an ugly conspiracy stretching all the way to Westminster in Rosie Gilmour's darkest case to date. When rags-to-riches Scots supermodel Bella Mason plunges to her death from the roof of a glitzy Madrid hotel, everyone assumes it was suicide. Except that one person saw exactly what happened to Bella that night, and she definitely didn't jump. But Millie Chambers has no one she can tell - alcoholic, depressed herself and now sectioned by her bullying politician husband, who would believe her? And that's not all Millie knows. Being close to the heart of Westminster power can lead to discovering some awful secrets... Back in Glasgow, Rosie's research into Bella's life leads to her brother, separated from her in care years before. Dan is now a homeless heroin addict and rent boy, but what he reveals about Bella's early life is electrifying: organised sexual abuse in care homes across Glasgow. Bella had tracked him down so that they could tell the world their story. And now she's dead. As Rosie's drive to expose the truth leads her closer to Millie and the shameful secrets she has kept for so many years, it becomes clear that what she's about to discover could prove fatal: a web of sexual abuse linking powerful figures across the nation, and the rot at the very heart of the British Establishment...
The petticoat men
An English affair : sex, class and power in the age of Profumo
The prince, the princess and the perfect murder
Great, grand & famous hotels : facts, tales, secrets & scandal
The great Charles Dickens scandal
Sweetheart
Of all the glamorous stars of New York high society, none blazes brighter than Babe Paley and her friends, the alluring socialite Swans. But beneath this elegantly composed exterior dwells a passionate woman, desperately longing for true love and connection. Enter Truman Capote. Through Babe, Truman gains unparalleled access to the scandal and gossip of Babe's powerful circle. Babe never imagines the destruction Truman will leave in his wake - even when the stories aren't his to tell.
The duchess diaries
The good wife. Tuotantokausi 4
A certain age
Death of a celebrity : a Hamish Macbeth murder mystery
You are not alone : Michael through a brother's eyes
"England, late 1547. Henry VIII is dead. His 14-year-old daughter Elizabeth is living with the old king's widow Catherine Parr and her new husband Thomas Seymour. Ambitious, charming and dangerous, Seymour begins an overt flirtation with Elizabeth that ends in her being sent away by Catherine. When Catherine dies in autumn 1548 and Seymour is arrested for treason soon after, the scandal explodes into the open. Alone and in dreadful danger, Elizabeth is closely questioned by the king's regency council: Was she still a virgin? Was there a child? Had she promised to marry Seymour? In her replies, she shows the shrewdness and spirit she would later be famous for. She survives the scandal. Thomas Seymour is not so lucky. The Seymour Scandal led to the creation of the Virgin Queen. On hearing of Seymour's beheading, Elizabeth observed 'This day died a man of much wit, and very little judgement'. His fate remained with her. She would never allow her heart to rule her head again."--Publisher description.
The final days
Hack attack : the inside story of how the truth caught up with Rupert Murdoch
Wikileaks : inside Julian Assange's war on secrecy
The bourbon kings
The thousandth floor
Battle royal : Edward VIII & George VI : brother against brother
What was she thinking? : notes on a scandal
The book of scandal
The copper beech
Scandal takes the stage
Sexual McCarthyism : Clinton, Starr, and the emerging constitutional crisis
This beautiful life
Conspiracy : the plot to stop the Kennedys
Rock 'n' roll myths : the true stories behind the most infamous legends
The Campaign
Victorian sensation : or, the spectacular, the shocking, and the scandalous in nineteenth-century Britain
How to ruin a queen : Marie Antoinette, the stolen diamonds and the scandal that shook the French throne
Postern of fate
There's only two David Beckhams
Diana of the Crossways
The rehearsal
The good wife. Tuotantokausi 3
Playwright Maggie Delamere shuts down aristocratic males with a mere flick of her razor-sharp quill. If only they were so easy to dispatch offstage--especially Cameron, Viscount Marwood. The impossibly charismatic man seems made to test her resistance. But when writer's block and an enemy from Maggie's past simultaneously strike, Cam makes an all-too-tempting proposal . . .Cam has never offered a lady his bed without being in it . . . but Maggie needs a writer's retreat, and his manor is just the place. It's the least Cam can do for the brilliant woman who pens his favorite plays. Still, there's something more than social justice behind the relish which she skewers her gentleman characters. And as Maggie's pen and inhibitions loosen, Cam intends to unlock her secrets - one delicious revelation at a time.
The good girl
Peepshow : media and politics in an age of scandal
Chinatown
The scandal
A serving of scandal
Disgrace
Daring to dream
Power of scandal : semiotic and pragmatic in mass media
A little white death
Ragged Rose
Highland scandal
A secret affair
Royal wedding : the Princess diaries
Tragedies and mysteries of rock'n'roll
Unjust honors causa : chronicle a most peculiar academic dishonor
Be near me
Scandal. The complete first season
Light of the world : the pope, the church, and the signs of the times : a conversation with Peter Seewald
The night crew
Scandal : a scurrilous history of gossip
Kill me twice
The museum of scandals : art that shocked the world
The swans of Fifth avenue
Political scandal : power and visibility in the media age
Beneath the veil of the strange verses : reading scandalous texts
Dance of shadows
The sting man : inside Abscam
The swans of Fifth Avenue : a novel
In God's house
Unseemly science
Naked heat
Splendour & squalor : the disgrace and disintegration of three aristocratic dynasties
The bishop's man  : a novel
Predatory priests, silenced victims : the sexual abuse crisis and the Catholic Church
Death of a celebrity
Welcome to New York : director's cut
Fly away home
Capital affairs : London and the making of the permissive society
Madison Square tragedy : the murder of Stanford White
The melody lingers on : a novel
Examines the campaign to discredit Bill and Hillary Clinton which began in 1989 and almost brought down the president ten years later.
Day of the dead
Dial M for Murdoch : news corporation and the corruption of Britain / Tom Watson and Martin Hickman
The temptation of Elizabeth Tudor
One nation under sex : how the private lives of presidents, first ladies and their lovers changed the course of American history
Strip Jack
On the discursive construction of corruption : a critical analysis of media texts
Social policy, social welfare and scandal : how British public policy is made
