http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12573 standing orders
standing orders
Web accessibility for people with disabilities
Suomen Akatemian tutkimuseettiset ohjeet = Finlands Akademis forskningsetiska anvisningar = Academy of Finland : guidelines on research ethics
Olympic charter 1982
Rules of procedure of the Trusteeship Council (as amended up to and during its sixty-first session)
Comprehensive index of valid technical guidelines and recommendations
Household and kitchen rules : towards a new reflective practice
The English text of the Ancrene Riwle
General aviation security : aircraft, hangars, fixed-base operations, flight schools, and airports
In the interests of safety : the absurd rules that blight our lives and how we can change them
Going forth : visions of Buddhist vinaya : essays presented in honor of Professor Stanley Weinstein
The elements of seamanship
The Prātimokṣa-sūtra of the Mahāsāṅghikās
Understanding business ethics
ICC guidelines on marketing and advertising using electronic media
Engi-shiki : procedures of the Engi era. Books 1-5
The mystique of transmission : on an early Chan history and its contexts
Viśwakarma Vāstuśāstram : a treatise on town-planning etc. text and commentary
Public internet access in libraries and information services
Developing the brand identity for Index Kosova
Buddhist Monastic traditions of Southern Asia : a record of the inner law sent home from the south seas
Protecting and indemnity club : rules
Olympic rules : bye-laws and instructions
Ancrene wisse : the English text of the Ancrene Riwle
The origins of Buddhist monastic codes in China : an annotated translation and study of the Chanyuan qinggui
Liber usuum fratrum monasterii Vadstenensis = The customary of the Vadstena Brothers
Rules and government
Model rules for disaster relief operations
Nordic guidelines on life-cycle assessment
The key aim of this thesis is to improve the brand identity of Index Kosova, an opinion, media and market research company operating in Kosovo. The approach involves utilizing a theoretical framework and applying the research findings in a concrete way to make a proposal for a brand code and for the contents for a company brand manual.     The primary goal of this study was to find a suitable brand identity model to improve the brand identity of the case company. The secondary goal was to examine the perceptions of the Index Kosova employees towards the company and to determine the elements of the brand identity that need to be improved, to have a more distinguishable and representative corporate brand. The third goal was to apply a selected brand model for creating a brand manual for the case company.    The theoretical framework analysis in this thesis consists of a description of two well-known theoretical brand models: the Brand Identity Planning model by Aaker and the 4D brand model by Gad. In addition, the framework was enhanced by the description of the brand design process by Wheeler. Further, the key concepts of internal branding have been presented and discussed. Taking into account the case company position and its needs, it is clear that the best approach is to utilize a combination of the 4D Branding model and internal branding concepts for reaching the objectives of the thesis.    The chose method for data collection was qualitative, and was carried out in form of semi-structured interviews. A total of 27 open- ended questions served as a guideline for the interview, and seven employees of the case company were interviewed.     The results of this research discovered the perception of Index Kosova by its employees and determined the strengths and weaknesses of the company. The strengths of the company were utilised for building the brand code and for creating the contents for the brand manual. This thesis further recommends the application of the brand code as a task for every employee.
Buddhism in practice
According to the Scriptures? : the challenge of using the Bible in social, moral and political questions
Rules concerning soliciters' in England and Wales
The treatment of human remains in archaeology
Istanbul protocol : manual on the effective investigation and documentation of torture and other cruel, inhuman or degrading treatment or punishment
