http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12543 Inquisition
Inquisition
The Cathars
At the dawn of the seventeenth century, the Sun revolved around the Earth according to God's plan and as set down in the Bible. Yet some men knew that the Heavens did not move as they should and began to believe exactly the opposite--a heresy punishable by being burned alive / WorldCat.
The awakener of sleeping men : inquisitor Petrus Zwicker, the Waldenses, and the retheologisation of heresy in late medieval Germany
A history of the inquisition of Spain : in four volumes
Heresy proceedings in Languedoc, 1500-1560
The culture of inquisition in medieval England
The Spanish inquisition
"On the first day of Francisco de San Antonio's trial before the Spanish Inquisition in Toledo in 1625, his interrogators asked him about his parentage. His real name, he stated, was Abram Rubén, and he had been born in Fez of Jewish parents. How then, Inquisitors wanted to know, had he become a Christian convert? Why had a Hebrew alphabet been found in his possession? And what was his business at the Court in Madrid? 'He was asked,' according to his dossier, 'for the story of his life.' His response, more than ten folios long, is one of the many involuntary autobiographies created by the logic of the Inquisition that today provide rich insights into both the personal lives of the persecuted and the social, cultural, and political realities of the age. In the first edition of Inquisitorial Inquiries, Richard L. Kagan and Abigail Dyer collected, translated, and annotated six of these autobiographies from a diverse group of prisoners. Now they add the fascinating life story of another victim of the Inquisition: Esteban Jamete, a French sculptor accused of being a Protestant. Each of the autobiographies has been selected to represent a particular political or social issue, while at the same time raising more intimate questions about the religious, sexual, political, or national identities of the prisoners. Among them are a politically incendiary prophet, a self-proclaimed hermaphrodite, and a morisco, an Islamic convert to Catholicism."--Publisher description.
Witch hunt : the persecution of witches in England
Inquisitions and other trial procedures in the medieval west
Witchcraft and Inquisition in early modern Venice
There have been numerous studies of the medieval inquisitions, most emphasizing larger social and political circumstances and neglecting the role of the inquisitors themselves. This title sheds light on these individuals and reveals that they had choices - the choice of whether to play a part in the orthodox repression of heresy and.
The Inquisitor in the hat shop : inquisition, forbidden books, and unbelief in early modern Venice
Early modern Goa : Indian trade, transcultural medicine, and the Inquisition
Montaillou : the promised land of error
The lives of women : a new history of Inquisitional Spain
The trial of the Templars
The honest courtesan : Veronica Franco, citizen and writer in sixteenth-century Venice
Women in the Inquisition : Spain and the New World
The Spanish Inquisition : a historical revision
The trial : a history from Socrates to O.J. Simpson
The witches of Lorraine
Righteous persecution : inquisition, Dominicans, and Christianity in the Middle Ages
The records of the inquisition : a source of Jewish and converso history
The hammer of the inquisitors : Brother Bernard Delicieux and the struggle against the inquisition in fourteenth-century France
The Inquisition in the Spanish Dependencies : Sicily, Naples, Sardinia, Milan, the Canaries, Mexico, Peru, New Granada
Christianity, the other, and the Holocaust
Crusade, heresy, and inquisition in the lands of the Crown of Aragon (c. 1167-1276)
The corruption of angels : the great Inquisition of 1245-1246
The inquisitor's diary
Servants of Satan and masters of demons : the Spanish Inquisition's trials of superstition, Valencia and Barcelona, 1478-1700
The origins of the Inquisition in fifteenth century Spain
Renaissance inquisitors : Dominican inquisitors and inquisitorial districts in Northern Italy, 1474-1527
The inquisition of the Middle Ages
In the shadow of the Virgin : inquisitors, friars, and conversos in Guadalupe, Spain
The Spanish Inquisition : a history
The Italian inquisition
In early modern Europe, ideas about nature, God, demons, and occult forces were inextricably connected and much ink and blood was spilled in arguments over the characteristics and boundaries of nature and the supernatural. Seitz uses records of Inquisition witchcraft trials in Venice to uncover how individuals across society, from servants to aristocrats, understood these two fundamental categories. Others have examined this issue from the points of view of religious history, the history of science and medicine, or the history of witchcraft alone, but this work brings these sub-fields together to illuminate comprehensively the complex forces shaping early modern beliefs.
Under the devil's spell : witches, sorcerers, and the inquisition in  enaissance Italy
The passion of Dolssa : a novel
Enforcing morality in early modern Europe
For the Mughals, Ottomans, and Safavids green was, as it remains for all Muslims, the color of Paradise, reserved for the Prophet Muhammad and his descendants. Tapping a wide range of sources, Kris Lane traces the complex web of global trading networks that funneled emeralds from backland South America to populous Asian capitals between the sixteenth and the eighteenth centuries. Lane reveals the bloody conquest wars and forced labor regimes that accompanied their production. It is a story of trade, but also of transformations, how members of profoundly different societies at opposite ends of the globe assigned value to a few thousand pounds of imperfectly shiny green rocks.
Joan of Arc
Voicing dissent in seventeenth-century Spain : Inquisition, social criticism and theology in the case of El Criticón
The heresy of the free spirit in the later Middle Ages
Inquisition and power : catharism and the confessing subject in medieval Languedoc
Inquisitors from the Order of Preachers, or Dominicans, crafted and promoted Christian meanings for their persecution of heresy in medieval Europe. With a mixture of existing religious beliefs, new interpretations, and responses to criticism, Dominicans shaped a medieval Christianity that permitted-or demanded-inquisitorial repression.
The sky's dark labyrinth
Religion and society in Spain, c.1492
Inventing the sacred : imposture, Inquisition, and the boundaries of the supernatural in Golden Age Spain
Secret-Judaism and the Spanish Inquisition
Witchcraft and the papacy : an account drawing on the formerly secret records of the Roman Inquisition
Inquisition : the reign of fear
The inquisition of the Middle Ages : its organization and operation
Inquisitors and heretics in thirteenth-century Languedoc : edition and translation of Toulouse inquisition depositions, 1273-1282
The Inquisitors : the story of the Grand Inquisitors of the Spanish Inquisition
First written in 1486 by zealous Inquisitors of the Catholic Church, "The Witch Hammer" came to be the witch-hunting handbook of the fifteenth century. Its main purpose was to refute doubts of the existence of witchcraft, though it proceeds to prove women more susceptible than men, as well as to outline procedures that allowed law enforcers to discover and convict witches. Because of the papal bull acknowledging the validity of this previously pagan belief, the persecution of alleged witches became widespread and brutal with the printing of "Malleus Maleficarum" on the recently invented printing press. Though some of the claims in this work are perhaps humorous to the modern reader, countless individuals lost their lives due to the prevalence of this book throughout late Medieval Europe, and today it can serve as a both a collection of superstitious folklore and a warning against mass hysteria and ignorance.
Doctors, folk medicine and the Inquisition : the repression of magical healing in Portugal during the Enlightenment
El Grande : Decennial edition
Christ transformed into a virgin woman : Lucia Brocadelli, Heinrich Institoris, and the defense of the faith
The inquisition
In mid-thirteenth century Provence, Dolssa de Stigata is a fervently religious girl who feels the call to preach, condemned by the Inquisition as an "unnatural woman," and hunted by the Dominican Friar Lucien who fears a resurgence of the Albigensian heresy; Botille is a matchmaker trying to protect her sisters from being branded as gypsies or witches--but when she finds the hunted Dolssa dying on a hillside, she feels compelled to protect her, a decision that may cost her everything.
The wandering heretics of Languedoc
Between court and confessional : the politics of Spanish inquisitors
The Roman Inquisition on the stage of Italy, c. 1590-1640
Inquisitorial inquiries : brief lives of secret Jews and other heretics
The Cathars and the Albigensian Crusade : a sourcebook
A history of the inquisition of Spain
The history of torture
The martyred inquisitor : the life and cult of Peter of Verona ([martyred] 1252)
The Cathars : dualist heretics in Languedoc in the High Middle Ages
The Salazar documents : Inquisitor Alonso de Salazar Frías and others on the Basque witch persecution
Heresy, crusade and inquisition in medieval Quercy
Strategies of medieval communal identity : Judaism, Christianity and Islam
The Spanish Inquisition : an historical revision
Inquisition and interdisciplinary history : report from an International Symposium on the Medieval and Modern Inquisition, Skjoldenæsholm, 5th-9th September 1978 = Informe sobre el "Simposio interdisciplinario de la Inquisición medieval y moderna" (Dinamarca, 5 al 9 de septiembre de 1978)
The Inquisition : a global history, 1478-1834
The inquisition : Deus vult
Crypto-judaism and the Spanish inquisition
Ultimate werewolf : inquisition
The inner lives of medieval inquisitors
Ideology and inquisition : the world of the censors in early Mexico
Proving woman : female spirituality and inquisitional culture in the later Middle Ages
Gendered crime and punishment : women and/in the Hispanic inquisitions
The Roman Inquisition : Trying Galileo
So great a light, so great a smoke : the Beguin heretics of Languedoc
Colour of paradise : the emerald in the age of gunpowder empires
Ritual, myth and magic in early modern Europe
Church censorship and culture in early modern Italy
The Inquisition was the most powerful disciplinary institution in the early modern world, responsible for 300,000 trials and over 1.5 million denunciations. How did it root itself in different social and ethnic environments? Why did it last for three centuries? What cultural, social and political changes led to its abolition? In this first global comparative study, Francisco Bethencourt examines the Inquisition's activities in Spain, Italy, Portugal and overseas Iberian colonies. He demonstrates that the Inquisition played a crucial role in the Catholic Reformation, imposing its own members in papal elections, reshaping ecclesiastical hierarchy, defining orthodoxy, controlling information and knowledge, influencing politics and framing daily life. He challenges both traditionalist and revisionist perceptions of the tribunal. Bethencourt shows the Inquisition as an ever evolving body, eager to enlarge jurisdiction and obtain political support to implement its system of values, but also vulnerable to manipulation by rulers, cardinals, and local social elites.
History of the origin and establishment of the Inquisition in Portugal
Dogs of god : Columbus, the Inquisition and the defeat of the Moors
The Waldenses, 1170-1530 : between a religious order and a church
The beguine, the angel, and the inquisitor : the trials of Marguerite Porete and Guiard of Cressonessart
God's jury : the inquisition and the making of the modern world
Retrying Galileo, 1633-1992
A history of medieval heresy and inquisition
