http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12578 Gnosticism
Gnosticism
The Visio Pauli and the gnostic Apocalypse of Paul
Rejection and reception of philosophy in the letter of Eugnostos (NHC III,3 and V,1) and Pseudo-Clementine recognitions
The gnostic Gospels of Jesus : the definitive collection of mystical gospels and secret books about Jesus of Nazareth
Deification and Ethics: a Comparative Religio-Historical Investigation of Paul on the Aim and Methods of the Salvation in Christ
The Gospel of Mary
Hegel and the hermetic tradition
The religious context of early Christianity : a guide to Graeco-Roman religions
St. Irenaeus of Lyons Against the heresies. Vol. 1, book 1
Thomas and the Gospels : the case for Thomas's familiarity with the Synoptics
Gnosis and faith in early Christianity : an introduction to gnosticim
The secret books of the Egyptian Gnostics : an introduction to the Gnostic Coptic manuscripts discovered at Chenoboskion
The early Christian Church was a chaos of contending beliefs. Some groups of Christians claimed that there was not one God but two or twelve or thirty. Some believed that the world had not been created by God but by a lesser, ignorant deity. Certain sects maintained that Jesus was human but not divine, while others said he was divine but not human. In Lost Christianities, Bart D. Ehrman offers a fascinating look at these early forms of Christianity and shows how they came to be suppressed, reformed, or forgotten. All of these groups insisted that they upheld the teachings of Jesus and his apostles, and they all possessed writings that bore out their claims, books reputedly produced by Jesus's own followers. Modern archaeological work has recovered a number of key texts, and as Ehrman shows, these spectacular discoveries reveal religious diversity that says much about the ways in which history gets written by the winners. Ehrman's discussion ranges from considerations of various "lost scriptures"--including forged gospels supposedly written by Simon Peter, Jesus's closest disciple, and Judas Thomas, Jesus's alleged twin brother--to the disparate beliefs of such groups as the Jewish-Christian Ebionites, the anti-Jewish Marcionites, and various "Gnostic" sects. Ehrman examines in depth the battles that raged between "proto-orthodox Christians"-- those who eventually compiled the canonical books of the New Testament and standardized Christian belief--and the groups they denounced as heretics and ultimately overcame. Scrupulously researched and lucidly written, Lost Christianities is an eye-opening account of politics, power, and the clash of ideas among Christians in the decades before one group came to see its views prevail.
Gnostic religion in antiquity
The Poimandres group in Corpus Hermeticum : myth, mysticism and gnosis in late antiquity
The Nag Hammadi story. Vol. 2, The publication
The perfect matrimony
Plotinus in dialogue with the Gnostics
The Panarion of Epiphanius of Salamis. Books II and III, De fide
Manichaeism in the later Roman empire and medieval China
Simon Magus: the first gnostic
The biblical world. Vol. 2
The Christian and gnostic Son of Man
Both the Thunder: Perfect Mind (NHC VI,2) and the Trimorphic Protennoia (NHC XIII,1) present their readers with goddesses who descend in such auditive terms as sound, voice, and word. In Linguistic Manifestations in the Trimorphic Protennoia and the Thunder: Perfect Mind, Tilde Bak Halvgaard argues that these presentations reflect a philosophical discussion about the nature of words and names, utterances and language, as well as the relationship between language and reality, inspired especially by Platonic and Stoic dialectics. Her analysis of these linguistic manifestations against the background of ancient philosophy of language offers many new insights into the structure of the two texts and the paradoxical sayings of the Thunder: Perfect Mind.
The Gospel of Mary of Magdala : Jesus and the first woman apostle
Was there a gnostic religion?
Voices of the mystics : early Christian discourse in the Gospels of John and Thomas and other ancient Christian literature
Studia patristica. 35, Papers presented at the Thirteenth International Conference on Patristic Studies held in Oxford 1999 : Ascetica, gnostica, liturgica, orientalia
Asceticism and exegesis in early Christianity : the reception of New Testament texts in ancient ascetic discourses
Beyond belief : the secret gospel of Thomas
Manichaica selecta : studies presented to professor Julien Ries on the occasion of his seventieth birthday
The tree of gnosis : gnostic mythology from early Christianity to modern nihilism
No longer Jews : the search for Gnostic origins
The Gnostic scriptures : a new translation
Images of rebirth : cognitive poetics and transformational soteriology in the Gospel of Philip and the Exegesis of the Soul
The Panarion of Epiphanius of Salamis : Books II and III (Sects 47-80, De Fide)
The mother of Jesus or the Magdalene? : the identity of Mary in the so-called Gnostic Christian texts
The Nag Hammadi library in English
Spiritual fatherhood : Evagrius Ponticus on the role of the spiritual father
The gnostic imagination : Gnosticism, Mandaeism and Merkabah mysticism
For the children, perfect instruction : studies in honor of Hans-Martin Schenke on the occasion of the Berliner Arbeitskreis für koptisch-gnostische Schriften's thirtieth year
Magic and witchcraft : from shamanism to the technopagans
Despite the surge of interest in Gnostic texts following the discovery of the Nag Hammadi library, the Coptic Books of Jeu and Pistis Sophia remain understudied. Often dismissed as convoluted, confused, and repetitious, Erin Evans convincingly shows that these texts represent the writings of a distinct religious group with a consistent system of theology, cosmology, and ritual practice. This book offers an in-depth examination of these texts, their relationship to other contemporary Gnostic ideas, and their use in the context of a practicing religious group. Three thematic sections demonstrate how the collection of texts functions as a whole, covering baptisms and mystical ascent procedures, guides to moral living, and introductory texts and myths.
Jesus in the Nag Hammadi writings
From a virgin womb : the apocalypse of Adam and the virgin birth
In this new commentary on the controversial Gospel of Thomas, Simon Gathercole provides the most extensive analysis yet published of both the work as a whole and of the individual sayings contained in it. This commentary offers a fresh analysis of Thomas not from the perspective of form criticism and source criticism but seeks to elucidate the meaning of the work and its constituent elements in its second-century context. With its lucid discussion of the various controversial aspects of Thomas, and treatment of the various different scholarly views, this is a foundational work of reference for scholars not just of apocryphal Gospels, but also for New Testament scholars, Classicists and Patrologists.
The gnostics : identifying an early Christian cult
The lost Gospel of Judas : separating fact from fiction
The Naassenes : a gnostic identity among Judaism, Christianity, classical and ancient Near Eastern traditions
Apparitions of God-Mother in the world
The fathers of the Church : a new translation. Vol. 85, Stromateis : books one to three
The Nag Hammadi Story is not a history of research in the usual sense of a Forschungsbericht, which would report on the massive amount of scholarship that has been devoted to the content of the Nag Hammadi Codices for more than a half-century. Rather it is a socio-historical narration of just what went on during the thirty-two years from their discovery late in 1945, via their initial trafficking, and then the attempts to monopolize them, until finally, through the intervention of UNESCO, the whole collection of thirteen Codices was published in facsimiles and in English translation, both completed late in 1977.
The woman who understood compeletely : a semiotic analysis of the Mary Magdalene myth in the Gnostic gospel of Mary
Gnostic writings on the soul : annotated & explained
The Gnostic gospels
The Nag Hammadi texts in the history of religions : proceedings of the International Conference at the Royal Academy of Sciences and Letters in Copenhagen, September 19-24, 1995 on the occasion of the 50th anniversary of the Nag Hammadi discovery
The Gospel of Judas : Coptic text, translation, and historical interpretation of the 'Betrayer's Gospel'
Paradise reconsidered : a study of the Ophite myth and ritual and their relationship to Sethianism
Gnostic revisions of Genesis stories and early Jesus traditions
The Gospel of Thomas : introduction and commentary
The laughing Jesus : religious lies and Gnostic wisdom
The biblical world. Vol. 1
Gnostic return in modernity
Coptic Gnostic chrestomathy : a selection of Coptic texts with grammatical analysis and glossary
A story of the soul's journey in the Nag Hammadi library : a study of Authentikos Logos (NHC VI,3)
James: a religio-historical study of the relations between Jewish, Gnostic and Catholic Christianity in the early period through an investigation of the traditions about James the Lord's brother
Gnosticism and later platonism : themes, figures, and texts
Codex Judas papers : proceedings of the International Congress on the Tchacos Codex held at Rice University, Houston, Texas, March 13-16, 2008
Gnosticism and esotericism : an example from Russian new religiosity
Hidden mutualities : Faustian themes from gnostic origins to the postcolonial
Discovered in Egypt in 1945, the fascinating and challenging Nag Hammadi writings forever changed our understanding of early Christianity. State-of-the-art and the only volume of its kind, Introduction to "Gnosticism": Ancient Voices, Christian Worlds guides students through the most significant of the Nag Hammadi texts. Employing an exceptionally lucid and accessible writing style, Nicola Denzey Lewis groups the texts by theme and genre, places them in the broader context of the ancient world, and reveals their most inscrutable mysteries. Ideal for use in courses in Early Christianity/Origins of Christianity, Christianity to 1500, Gnostic Gospels, Gnosticism, Early Christian Writings, Orthodoxy and Heresy, and New Testament Studies, Introduction to "Gnosticism" is enhanced by numerous pedagogical features, including images of the manuscripts, study and discussion questions, annotated bibliographies, tables, diagrams, and a glossary.
Gospels of the marginalized : the redemption of doubting Thomas, Mary Magalene, and Judas Iscariot in early Christian literature
The great stem of souls : reconstructing Mandaean history
St. Irenaeus of Lyons Against the heresies. Book 2
Studies in later Greek philosophy and gnosticism
What is Gnosticism? : from the pastorals to Rudolph
Ancient Gnosticism : traditions and literature
Dictionary of gnosis & Western esotericism
Jesus, gnosis and dogma
The Acts of Peter and the TWelve Apostles (NHC 6.1) : allegory, ascent and ministry in the wake of the Decian persecution
"The title of this wide-ranging collection of essays in German and English summarises the scholarly work of Professor Michael Lattke across two hemispheres. Offered to him on the occasion of his retirement from the University of Queensland, this volume reflects the breadth of erudition for which he has acquired his international reputation. The Odes of Solomon, which figure largely in Professor Lattke's research, are well represented here, and so too is the Gospel of John, which was the subject of his early research. However, the tributes of his colleagues and former students in this book range further to other New Testament writings, Intertestamental works, Nag Hammadi, Gnostic, and Syriac studies, and the field of Patristics." -- Provided by publisher.
The Book of the Thomas the Contender, from Codex II of the Cairo gnostic library from Nag Hammadi (CG II,7) : the Coptic text with translation, introduction and commentary
Gnosticism and early Christianity
The atlas of lost cults and mystery religions : rediscover extraordinary traditions from the dawn of time
Linguistic manifestations in the Trimorphic Protennoia and the Thunder: Perfect Mind : analysed against the background of platonic and stoic dialectics
Lost Christianities : the battles for Scripture and the faiths we never knew
What is Gnosticism?
Gnostica, Judaica, Catholica : collected essays of Gilles Quispel
Paul and Gnosis
Coptic studies on the threshold of a new millennium : proceedings of the Seventh International Congress of Coptic Studies, Leiden, August 27-September 2, 2000
The gnostic Bible
This volume on the Hymn of the Pearl, an early Syriac hymn preserved in the Acts of Thomas, contains an illuminating introduction, fresh translations, copious notes and facsimiles of the original Syriac and Greek texts, published here in convenient format for the first time. The study explores the significance of the hymn for understanding Gnosticism and Manichaeism and argues that the hymn is one of the best examples of the basic Gnostic soteriological myth.
Gnostic apocalypse : Jacob Boehme's haunted narrative
The apocryphal acts of Peter : magic, miracles and gnosticism
Gnosis : the nature and history of gnosticism
A theory of primitive Christian religion
The seventh book of the Stromateis : proceedings of the Colloquium on Clement of Alexandria (Olomouc, October 21-23, 2010)
Paul and Gnosis is a collection of cutting-edge essays that deal with a broad spectrum of ideas regarding Paul and knowledge. Topics include Paul and his use of "knowledge" words, Paul's knowledge of key ideas, and his relationship to Gnosticism.
Secrets of the code : the unauthorized guide to the mysteries behind the Da Vinci code
The Mandaeans : the last gnostics
Introduction
Gnostic apocalypse and Islam : Qur'an, exegesis, messianism and the literary origins of the Babi religion
The seven words : elemental occultism for beginners
I sowed fruits into hearts (Odes Sol. 17:13) : festschrift for Professor Michael Lattke
The panarion of Epiphanius of Salamis. Book I (Sects 1-46)
The Gnostic discoveries : the impact of the Nag Hammadi library
Gnosis : an introduction
Christianity and Christian identity in the Gospel of Philip (NHC II,3)
The serpent's gift : gnostic reflections on the study of religion
Mani at the court of the Persian kings : studies on the Chester Beatty Kephalaia Codex
Beyond the Gnostic Gospels : studies building on the work of Elaine Pagels
The Gospel of Mary : listening to the beloved disciple
Rethinking "Gnosticism" : an argument for dismantling a dubious category
The spiritual seed : the church of the 'Valentinians'
Pentadic redaction in the Manichaean Kephalaia
Apocalypse of the alien god : Platonism and the exile of Sethian gnosticism
The gnostic gospels
The Gospel of Judas : from Codex Tchacos
Mary Magdalene's dreaming : a comparison of aboriginal wisdom and gnostic scripture
The Books of Jeu and the Pistis Sophia as handbooks to eternity : exploring the gnostic mysteries of the ineffable
The story begins with the exciting story of the discovery of the Gospel in Egypt in 1978, and its subsequent movements from one antiquities dealer to another. We discover how this precious document eventually finds a home in a New York safety deposit box, where is languishes for years with a $3 million price tag, before it is finally published to huge public attention and fanfare. More than just the story of The Gospel of Judas since it had been found, Churton also discusses how it relates to the historical place of the Judas: how he has been maligned and misrepresented across the centuries. This fascinating book sheds new light on the real nature of Jesus, and presents a daring speculation on the endeavours he planned with his disciples in Jerusalem, Judea and Galilee. "The Kiss of Death" is an explosive book that explains the text of The Gospel of Judas, its context in modern Christianity, as well as the importance of its discovery and subsequent publication.
The seventh book of the 'Stromateis' is the culmination of Clement of Alexandria's ethic. Introduced as an apology of the piety of the perfect Christian (the 'gnostic'), it broaches such topics as divine pedagogy, angelology, superstition, prayer, assimilation to God, martyrdom, eschatology, and the criteria of orthodoxy. This volume contains sixteen studies dealing with all major themes of the seventh book and the method of their presentation. It includes a Clementine bibliography of the last fifteen years and two appendices concerned with Clement's 'Hymn to Christ the Saviour.' The publication may serve as a companion to the reader of 'Stromateis VII' and as a compendium of contemporary scholarship dealing with major aspects of Clement's thought in general.
In Mani at the Court of the Persian Kings the authors explore evidence arising from their project to edit the Chester Beatty Kephalaia codex. This new text presents Mani at the heart of Sasanian Iran in dialogue with its sages and nobles, acting as a cultural mediator between East and West and interpreter of Christian, Iranian, and Indian traditions. Nine chapters study Mani's appropriation of the 'law of Zarades' and of Iranian epic; suggest a new understanding of his last days; and analyse his formative role in the history of late antique religions. These interdisciplinary studies advance research in several fields and will be of interest to scholars of Manichaeism, Sasanian Iran, and the development of religions in Late Antiquity.
Mental perception : a commentary on NHC VI, 4, the concept of our great power
Gnostic semiotics : the Valentinian notion of the name
The nature of truth in "The Gospel of truth" and in the writings of Justin Martyr : a study of the pattern of orthodoxy in the middle of the second Christian century
Gnosticism : its history and influence
The Hymn of the pearl : the Syriac and Greek texts : with introduction, translations, and notes
The Mandaeans : ancient texts and modern people
Origeniana octava : Origen and the Alexandrian tradition = Origene e la tradizione alessandrina : papers of the 8th International Origen Congress, Pisa, 27-31 August 2001
Introduction to "Gnosticism" : ancient voices, Christian worlds
Gnosticism : new light on the ancient tradition of inner knowing
St. Irenaeus of Lyons Against the heresies. Book 3
What are they saying about the Gospel of Thomas?
New Age religion and globalization
Kiss of death : the true history of the Gospel of Judas
Science, politics, and gnosticism : two essays
Plotinus, Ennead II 9 [33] "Against the gnostics" : a commentary
The Nag Hammadi scriptures
Sethian gnosticism and the platonic tradition
World gnosis : the coming gnostic civilization
Beyond Gnosticism : myth, lifestyle, and society in the school of Valentinus
Beyond belief : the secret Gospel of Thomas
Gnosis and hermeticism from antiquity to modern times
Evagrius Ponticus : the making of a gnostic
Philip, Apostle and Evangelist : configurations of a tradition
How egalitarian was the Gnostic view of women? : Mary Magdalene texts in the Nag Hammadi and related documents
Valentinian teachers in Rome
Paradise reconsidered in Gnostic mythmaking : rethinking Sethianism in light of the Ophite myth and ritual
