http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12566 bryophytes
bryophytes
"In this...guide, Annie Martin--Mossin' Annie to her fans--covers the essentials for creating an extraordinary moss garden. With profiles of the best mosses to grow and expert tips on planting and care, you can create fascinating combinations and establish a verdant oasis to enjoy for years to come."--Page 4 of cover.
Influence of ground substrate on establishment of reindeer lichen after artificial dispersal
A guide to the common liverworts and hornworts of Singapore
Mosses of the Beskid Mały Range (Western Carpathians) = Mchy Beskidu Małego (Karpaty Zachodnie)
Chemosystematic correlations of Taiwanese Hepaticae
The biology of polar bryophytes and lichens
In celebration of Dr. John J. Engel : a tribute to 40 years in bryology
Monographic studies on Orthotrichum (Musci)
Mosses and lichens : a popular guide to identification and study of our commoner mosses and lichens, their uses and methods of preserving
The moss flora of Britain and Ireland
Catalogue of Australian liverworts and hornworts
The sphagnaceæ or peat-mosses of Europe and North America
Catalogue of the Hedwig-Schwägrichen Herbarium (G) d Michelle J. Price. Part 1, Type material and a review of typifications for the Hedwig moss names
The moss Physcomitrella patens
The mosses of the Beskidy Zachodnie as a paradigm of biological and environmental changes in the flora of the Polish Western Carpathians = Mchy Beskidów Zachodnich jako paradygmat biologicznych i środowiskowych zmian we florze polskich Karpat Zachodnich
Pleurocarpous mosses : systematics and evolution
Bryophyte flora of Hunan Province, China. 10, Ulota gymnostoma sp. nova (Ortotrichaceae)
Temperatures, steam emission and moss cover in thermal areas of Surtsey
Species diversity and community structure in bryophytes : New York State studies
Arable bryophytes : a field guide to the mosses, liverworts and hornworts of cultivated land in Britain and Ireland
The responses of ectohydric and endohydric mosses under ambient and enhanced ultraviolet radiation
Corticolous myxomycetes and other epiphytic cryptogams on seven native tree species in Hunan Province, China
The Sphagnum subsecundum complex (Sphagnaceae) : morphological variability and taxonomic implications
Illustrated flora of Nordic mosses. Fasc. 4, Aulacomniaceae - Meesiaceae - Catoscopiaceae- Bartramiaceae - Timmiaceae - Encalyptaceae - Grimmiaceae Ptychomitraceae - Hedwigiaceae - Orthotrichaceae
Revision of the genus Asterella P. Beauv. in Eurasia : with 10 tables in the text
Mosses and other bryophytes : an illustrated glossary
Hepaticae of Khasi and Jaintia Hills : Eastern Himalayas
A nomenclatural note on Cryphaea leptopteri Enroth & T. Kop. (Cryphaeaceae, Bryopsida)
A list of Icelandic bryophyte species
Conservation of bryophytes in Europe : means and measures : proceedings of the symposium held in Zürich, 5th - 8th September 1994 = Schutz der Moose Europas : Möglichkeiten und Massnahmen : Kongressbericht zum Symposium in Zürich, 5. - 8. September 1994
Illustrated flora of Nordic mosses. Fasc. 1, Fissidentaceae - Seligeriaceae
The genus Grimmia Hedw. (Grimmiaceae, Bryophyta) : a morphological-anatomical study
Bryology for the twenty-first century : the centenary symposium of the British Bryological Society
Terricolous bryophyte vegetation of Chilean temperate rain forests : communities, adaptive strategies and divergence patterns
A new forest floor corer for rapid sampling, minimal disturbance and adequate precision
The liverworts and hornworts of the Tristan da Cunha group of islands in the South Atlantic Ocean
Study of Bryophytes in Taiwan (1)
Mosses of the Pieniny range : (Polish Western Carpathians) = Mchy Pienin : (Polskie Karpaty Zachodnie)
The Hepaticae and Anthocerotae of the East African islands : an annotated catalogue
Structural diversity of bryophytes
Benthic macroinvertebrate and bryophyte assemblages in boreal springs : diversity, spatial patterns and conservation
Gathering moss : a natural and cultural history of mosses
Vascular plants, bryophytes, lichens and lichenicolous fungi in the Bolimów Landscape Park = Rosliny naczyniowe, mszaki, porosty i grzyby naporostowe Bolimowskiego parku krajobrazowego
A revision of the Chinese species of Fissidens (Musci, Fissidentaceae)
Contributions toward a bryoflora of California : I. A. specimen-based catalogue of mosses
Rate of photosynthesis of some forest mosses as a function of temperature and light intensity and effect of water content of moss cushion on photosynthetic rate
A new record of the genus Otolejeunea (Hepaticae, Lejeuneaceae) in subtropical China
A taxonomic revision of the Sphagnum imbricatum complex
Species diversity and community structure in bryophytes
Bryotheca gottingensis
Diversity of bryophytes in urban ecosystems : a new research project
Bryological studies in the Western Carpathians = Badania briologiczne w Karpatach Zachodnich
Flora of the Guianas : series C: Bryophytes. Fasc.1. Musci III, continuation of Flora of Suriname VI(I), Musci II
Cartografia de briòfits : Peninsula Iberica i les Illes Balears, Canaries, Acores i Madeira. Fasc. 4 = Bryophyte cartography: Iberian Peninsula, Balearic and Canary Islands, Azores and Madeira
A field guide to the mosses & allied plants of southern Australia
The mosses of New Zealand
The scientific basis for bryophyte conservation - a symposium : proceedings of an international symposium held in Trondheim, Norway, 31 August - 4 September 1998
Succession of mire vegetation was studied in mire basins providing uniform chronosequences on the land uplift coast of the Bothnian Bay. The research was performed from transects crossing mire basins with similar hydrology in order to highlight the occurrence on different mire species in catchment areas. Material from vegetation sample plots was used, central species for each altitude belt were presented. Also the differences between the mire basins on moraine and sand were handled. On the mires under 5 m asl, the vegetation is dominated by species typical for swamps and seashores. Most Sphagnum species spread to the mire basins very quickly after the disappearance of the brackish sea-water effect. Along with the Sphagna are spreading most species typical for the mature hummock, lawn and carpet levels. The occurring of rich fen species seems to be closely connected with the groundwater discharge pattern. The study areas are situated on the coast of northern Bothnian Bay, where the developed mire systems are dominated by aapa mires. The results are compared with those from the more southern zone of bogs. The main difference seems to be the larger coverage of Sphagnum mosses even on the wetter sites on the development of bogs.
An annotated checklist of Polish liverworts and hornworts = Krytyczna lista wa̜trobowców i glewików Polski
Hepatics from northwestern Sichuan,China, with a checklist of Sichuan hepatics
Moss flora of China. English version. 2, Fissidentaceae - Ptychomitriaceae
Plants of British Columbia : scientific and common names of vascular plants, bryophytes, and lichens
Mosses and liverworts of Mount Kinabalu
An updated checklist of Taiwan mosses
The structure and life of bryophytes
Austral Hepaticae. 35, A taxonomic and phylogenetic study of Telaranea (Lepidoziaceae), with a monograph of the genus in temperate Australasia and commentary on extra-Australasian taxa
Grimmias of the world
Bryophyte diversity in semi-natural grasslands : the effects of habitat quantity and quality
British mosses and liverworts : an introductory work, with full descriptions and figures of over 200 species, and keys for the identification of all except the very rare species
Tortula hoppeana, the correct name for Desmatodon latifolius in Tortula (Bryopsida, Pottiaceae
A revision of the genus Hyophila Brid. (Musci, Pottiaceae) in Africa
Life history strategies : a catalogue of population biology parameters for bryophytes occurring in North-Western Europe : Manual v.1.0
New insights into the evolution of Bryozoa : an integrative approach
Meeting of the bryologists from Central and East Europe 3, Praha, 14th - 18th June, 1982 : proceedings
Eesti sammalde nimestik = List of the Estonian bryophytes
Bryophytes from Frieda River, East and West Sepik Provinces, Papua New Guinea. IV. Chiloscyphus koponenii sp. nov. (Geocalycaceae)
Taxonomic revision of Hennediella Paris (Pottiaceae, Bryophyta)
Illustrated moss flora of Japan. Part 5
Bryophytes and bryology at Kotinen nature reserve, Lammi
Mosses of Khandala & Mahabaleshwar in the Western Ghats (India)
A taxonomic revision of the Spagnum imbricatum complex : Kjell Ivar Flatberg
Permanent exhibition of lichens, mosses and tree fungi
Gardening on pavement, tables, and hard surfaces
Bryobrothera
Vegetation patterns of boreal herb-rich forests in the Koli region, eastern Finland : classification, environmental factors and conservation aspects
Illustrated moss flora of Fennoscandia. 2, Musci : fasc. 1-6
Bryophyte diversity and vascular plants
Assessing industrial pollution by means of environmental samples in the Kemi-Tornio region
International symposium on bryology, Beijing, China, 26-30 May, 1997 = IAB symposium on 2000's bryology : abstracts
Hepaticae and Anthocerotae of Great Himalayan National Park and its environs (HP), India
Notes on the taxonomy and distribution of Cololejeunea platyneura (Hepaticae, Lejeuneaceae)
Diversity of water chemistry and vegetation of mires in the Kainuu region, middle boreal Finland
Vascular plant and moss species across successional mire basins on the land uplift coast of Northern Ostrobothnia, Finland
Bryophyte flora of Hunan Province, China. 8. Additions to the checklist
Introduction to bryophytes
Roś́linność subfosylna na tle historii wysokich torfowisk mszarnych w pó́łnocno-wschodniej i ś́rodkowej Polsce oraz w Sudetach = subfossil vegetation in the light of history of sphagnum raised mires in the north-eastern and central Poland as well as in the Sudety Mountains
Effects of nitrogen fertilization on the humus layer and ground vegetation under closed canopy in boreal coniferous stands
Restoration of ecosystem structure and function in boreal spruce swamp forests
Guide to the plants of Central French Guiana. Part 4. Liverworts and hornworts
Guide to the plants of central French Guiana. Part 3, Mosses
Bacterial nitrogen fixation in boreal mosses
Flora of Australia. Volume 51, Mosses 1
Supplements to census catalogue of British mosses
Bryophyte biology
Studies in Sphagnum molle Sull. and related forms
Illustrated flora of Nordic mosses. Fasc. 3, Bryaceae - Rhodobryaceae - Mniaceae - Cinclidiaceae - Plagiomniaceae
How efficiently does bryophyte dispersal lead to gene flow?
A practical guide to soil lichens and bryophytes of Australia's dry country
Illustrated moss flora of Fennoscandia. 2, Musci
Type studies on Pycnolejeunea (Lejeuneaceae, Hepaticae). 5, On the identity of Pycnolejeunea spinistipula Mizut. and Lepidolejeunea queenslandica Thiers
Field bryology
Recycling of wood- and peat-ash – a successful way to establish full plant cover and dense birch stand on a cut-away peatland
Community structure of macroinvertebrates, bryophytes and fish in boreal streams : patterns from local to regional scales, with conservation implications
Mosses, liverworts & hornworths of Kenya : an illustrated guide with descriptions and figures of over 300 species and keys for identification
Bryophytes in semi-natural rural biotopes
A taxonomic revision of Dicranodontium (Musci)
Peat mosses of the Southeastern United States
A study of some Chinese Plagiochila species (Plagiochilaceae, Hepaticae)
Mosses of the Polica range (Polish Western Carpathians) = Mchy pasma Policy w polskich Karpatach Zachodnich
Forest act habitats : Finnish woodland key habitats amid the intensive forestry
Biodiversity of Socotra forests, woodlands and bryophytes
Studies on the generic concept in the classification of the moss family Splachnaceae
Illustrations of bryophytes of China
The genus 'Grimmia' (Musci, 'Grimmiaceae') in the Himalaya
Distribution of Lejeunea cavifolia (Ehrh.) Lindb. (Hepaticae) in Finland
Muscologia Britannica : containing the mosses of Great Britain and Ireland systematically arranged and described
Physcomitrella patens as a model for studies on plant-pathogen interactions
The biology of mosses
Common Interior Alaska cryptogams : fungi, lichenicolous fungi, lichenized fungi, slime molds, mosses and liverworts
Methods in Bryophyte Ecology : Helsinki University Lammi field station April 21-26 2001
Maine mosses : Sphagnaceae-Timmiaceae
Multi-stressor effects in boreal streams:disentangling the roles of natural and land use disturbance to stream communities
Catalog of moss specimens from Antarctica and adjacent regions
Diversity and distribution pattern of bryophytes and vascular plants in a boreal spruce forest
Type studies on Pycnolejeunea (Lejeuneaceae, Hepaticae), IV
Bryophytes of the Polish Carpathians = Mszaki polskich Karpat
Mosses of South-East tropical Africa : an annotated list with distributional data
The conservation of lower plants in woodland
Flora of Southern Africa, Bryophyta. Part 1 : Fasc. 3, Musci : Erpodiaceae - Hookeriaceae
The magical world of moss gardening
Shevockia (Neckeraceae), a new moss genus with two species from Southeast Asia
Pleurocarpous mosses of the West Indies
Type specimens of liverworts and hornworts located in the herbarium of the Hattori Botanical Laboratory (NICH)
Guide to the liverworts and hornworts of Java
Scientific survey of Porto Rico and the Virgin Islands : Vol. 7, pt. 4, The mosses of Porto Rico and the Virgin Islands
The first sex-specific molecular marker discovered in the moss Pseudocalliergon trifarium
Bryophyte flora of the Huon Peninsula, Papua New Guinea. LXXI. Merrilliobryum (Myriniaceae, Musci)
Sexual dimorphism in the moss genus Dicranum Hedw
BRYOATT = Attributes of British and Irish mosses, liverworts and hornworts : with information on native status, size, life form, life history, geography and habitat
Bryophytes on boulders : diversity, habitat preferences and conservation aspects
Index to plant chromosome numbers : bryophyta
A taxonomic monograph of the moss genus Codriophorus P. Beauv. (Grimmiaceae)
Neckera noguchiana (Neckeraceae, Bryopsida), a new species from Nepal
Bryological herbraria : guide to the bryological herbaria of the world
Census catalogue of Polish mosses = Katalog mchów Polski
Mosses, epiphytic lichens and tree bark as biomonitors for air pollutants : specifically for heavy metals in regional surveys
A Field guide to biological soil crusts of western U. S. drylands : common lichens and bryophytes
A book of mosses
Advanced analytical methods for platinum group elements:applications in the research of catalyst materials, recycling and environmental issues
Moss flora of China. English version. 8, Sematophyllaceae-Polytrichaceae
Illustrated moss flora of Japan. Part 4
Biogeography, landscapes, ecosystems and species of Zaonezhye Peninsula, in Lake Onega, Russian Karelia
Metacommunity structuring in stream systems:disentangling
the roles of regional and local processes
The moss flora of King George Island, Antarctica
Two new Plagiochila species (Plagiochilaceae, Hepaticae) from Yunnan, China
World Conference of Bryology : January 23-30 2002, Lucknow, India : abstracts
Census catalogue of British hepatics
Austral Hepaticae 45 : a monograph of the genus Chiloscyphus Corda (Lophocoleaceae) for Australasia
Maine mosses : Drummondiaceae - Polytrichaceae
Spatial and temporal variability of freshwater biodiversity in natural and modified forested landscapes
The garden floor
Floristic research in Finland : bryophytes
Life history characteristics and genetic variation in an expanding species, Pogonatum dentatum
A revision of the moss genus Orthotrichum Hedw. for eastern Fennoscandia : taxonomy, distribution and ecology
Molecular components of the thylakoid membranes and the chloroplast ultrastructure in some bryophytes
Pseudoparaphyllia in the European and Macaronesian species of Neckera Hedw. (Neckeraceae, Musci)
Two new combinations in Porotrichum (Neckeraceae)
Taxonomy, distribution and ecology of Plagiothecium platyphyllum Mönk. (Musci, Plagiotheciaceae); an example of an endangered moss in spring-fed habitats
Atlas of British & Irish Bryophytes : The distribution and habitat of mosses and liverworts in Britain and Ireland
