http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12507 bilberry
bilberry European blueberry
Empirical prediction models for Vaccinium myrtillus and V. vitis-idaea berry yields in North Carelia, Finland
Modelling the abundance and temporal variation in the production of bilberry (Vaccinium myrtillus L.) in Finnish mineral soil forests
Airborne heavy metal pollution and its effects on foliar elemental composition of Empetrum hermaphroditum and Vaccinium myrtillus in Sør-Varanger, northern Norway
The coverage of bilberry (Vaccinium myrtillus L.) was modelled as a function of site and stand characteristics using the permanent sample plots of the National Forest Inventory (NFI) (Model 1). The sample sites consisted of mineral soil forests as well as fells and peatland sites. Annual variation in the bilberry yield (Model 2) was analysed based on measurements over 2001-2014 in the permanent sample plots (so-called MASI plots) in various areas of Finland. We derived annual bilberry yield indices from the year effects of Model 2 and investigated whether these indices could be used to estimate annual variation in bilberry crops in Finland. The highest bilberry coverage was found in mesic heath forests and fell forests. On peatlands the coverage was, on average, lower than on mineral soil sites; the peatland sites with most bilberry coverage were meso-oligotrophic and oligotrophic spruce mires and oligotrophic pine mires. Our bilberry yield indices showed similar variation to those derived from the mean annual berry yields reported and calculated earlier using the MASI plots; the correlation between the indices was 0.795. This approach to calculating annual berry yield indices is a promising way for estimating total annual bilberry yields over a given period of time. Models 1 and 2 can be used in conjunction with the Miina et al.'s (2009) bilberry yield model when bilberry coverage, average annual yield and annual variation in the yield are to be predicted in forest planning..
Foliar potassium concentrations of bilberry, bog bilberry and downy birch as indicators of potassium nutrition of Scots pine on a drained peatland
Effect of substrate type on the field performance and chemical composition of highbush blueberry cv.Patriot
Glutathione status of the bilberry (Vaccinium myrtillus) as a function of plant phenology and artifical herbivory
The berry grower's companion
Blueberries, cranberries, and other vacciniums
Modelling cowberry (Vaccinium vitis-idaea) and bilberry (Vaccinium myrtillus) yields from mineral soils and peatlands on the basis of visual field estimates
Metabolomics in dietary interventions : special emphasis on effects of grain products and fish on lipidomic profile
I love my grandma
Aromas of some strawberry and blueberry species and varieties studied by gas liquid chromatographic and selected ion monitoring techniques
Healthy Forest Berries : Lingonberry : Bilberry : Cloudberry : Crowberry
Glutathione status in bilberry and Scots pine in relation to seasonal dynamics and certain long-term stressors
Antiadhesive molecules in milk and berries against respiratory pathogens
Natural product formation by plants; enhancement, analysis, processing and testing
Early-acting inbreeding depression in a clonal dwart shrub, Vaccinium myrtillus, in a northern boreal forest
Effect of environmental, developmental and genetic factors on flavonoid and carotenoid profile of Vaccinium berries
Abstract: The wintertime ecology, particularly the water economy and associated problems of a typical species of the boreal coniferous forest zone have been investigated...
Experiments in blueberry culture
Flavonoid biosynthesis in bilberry (Vaccinium myrtillus L.)
Modelling bilberry and cowberry yields in Finland : different approaches to develop models for forest planning calculations
Anthocyanins under drought and drought-related stresses in bilberry (Vaccinium myrtillus L.)
Wood ash application effects on elemental turnover in a cutover peatland and uptake in vegetation
Phenolic compounds in the berries of the selected Vaccinium species : the potential for authenticity analyses
Uncommon fruits for every garden
Effects of berry production and deblossoming on growth, carbohydrates and nitrogen compounds in Vaccinium myrtillus in north Finland
Liquid chromatography/mass spectrometry of bioactive secondary metabolites : in vivo and in vitro studies
Climate change-induced alterations in growth, amino acids, phenolics and fungal infections of bilberry (Vaccinium myrtillus L.)
The water economy of the bilberry (Vaccinum myrtillus) under winter conditions
Inter-parent distance affects reproductive success in two clonal dwarf shrubs, Vaccinum myrttillus and Vaccinum vitis-idaea (Ericaceae)
Chromium in soil and food plants adjacent to a stainless steel works : the additional dietary intake for humans
Blueberry science
Anthropogenic effects on understorey vegetation in Myrtillus type urban forests in southern Finland
Effects of reproduction and artificial herbivory on vegetative growth and resource levels in deciduous and evergreen dwarf shrubs
Proceedings of the 8th International Symposium on Vaccinium Culture : Sevilla, Spain, Oeiras, Portugal, May 3-8, 2004
Seasonal variations in cadmium concentrations of plant leaves
Mycorrhizal colonization of highbush blueberry and its native relatives in central Finland
Geographical variation in the phenology and morphology of bilberry in Finland
Nitrogen, parasites and plants : key interactions in boreal forest ecosystems
Bilberry and cowberry yields and the factors controlling them in the forests of Karelia, USSR
Berry crop breeding, production and utilization for new century : a proceedings of the XXVI International Horticultural Congress: Toronto, Canada, 11-17 August, 2002
The aim of the present study was to determine the influence of mineral and peat soil condition on the growth, yield and nutrient uptake of some half-highbush blueberry cultivars. The peat soil experimental site was located in a harvested (milled) peat field. Four half-highbush blueberry (  Vaccinium spp.) cultivars (five- and six-year-old plants) were used in the experiment: "Aino", "Alvar", "Arne", and "Northblue". Environmental conditions exercised a considerable influence on biological processes of half-highbush blueberry, at the same time, a genotype-based variation was observed. Cultivar "Northblue" had a higher yield in mineral soil and "Aino" had the highest yield in peat soil considering the average of two years. The peat soil condition in the harvested peat field provided a better supply of nutrients for blueberry bushes compared to mineral soil and this, in its turn, secured better growth and a higher yield of blueberry bushes.
Modelling the coverage and annual variation in bilberry yield in Finland
Effect of NPK fertilization and elemental sulphur on growth and yield of lowbush blueberry
Aboveground growth habits of two Vaccinium species in relation to habitat
Proceedings of the IXth International Vaccinium Symposium : Corvallis, Oregon, USA, July 13-16, 2008.. Vol. 1 & 2
The effects of the 1984-1985 cold winter on the bilberrry and lingonberry yield in Finland
Abstract: The growing area of a bilberry and lingonberry hybrid (Vaccinium x intermedium) at Pori has expanded.
Cell effusate pH in relation to frost resistance and views of its application
Vaccinium ssp. and less known small fruit : challenges and risks : the International Scientific Conference, Jelgava, Latvia October 6-9, 2009, book of abstract and programme
Field measurements in the Mustikkamaa oil storage facilities
Commercial blueberry growing
Yield variations of some common wild berries in Finland in 1956-1996
Model-based resource estimates for bilberry and cowberry in Finland
Recovery ability and plant architecture : a comparison of two ericaceous dwarf shrubs
Trade of main wild berries in Finland
Constraints on sexual reproduction and seed set in Vaccinium and Campanula
Bilberry (Vaccinium myrtillus L.) in a boreal forest ecosystem : effects on tree seedling emergence and growth
4th International symposium on vaccinium culture, East Lansing, MI, USA August 13-17, 1988
Avian seed ingestion changes germination patterns of bilberry, Vaccinium myrtillus
Influence of soil type on half-highbush blueberry productivity
The highbush blueberry and its management
Yield forecasting and optimization of berry harvesting in the forests of Southern Karelia, USSR
The chemical composition of wild berries subjected to atmospheric industrial pollution in the Kola Peninsula
Regional expert models for bilberry and cowberry yields in Finland
Astringent food compounds and their interactions with taste properties
Dietary modulation of β-catenin signalling in an experimental model of colon cancer
Proceedings of the Seventh International Symposium on Vaccinium Culture : Termas de Chillan, Chillan, Chile, 4-9 December, 2000
Managing a boreal forest landscape for the simultaneous production of collectable goods and timber revenues
Effect of forest fertilization on the nitrogen content of Vaccinium myrtillys L.
The wild blueberry book
Artificial deacclimation response of Vaccinium myrtillus in mid-winter
Variations of yield and utilisation of bilberries (Vaccinium myrtillus L.) and cowberries (V. vitis-idaea L.) in Finland
