http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12512 deglaciation
deglaciation
Retreat of the continental ice and fluvoglacial erosion features on the Tuolbanjaugoaivi fjeld in northernmost Finland
The postglacial history of Kitkajärvi, North-eastern Finland, as indicated by trend-surface analysis and radio-carbon dating
The Copenhagen diagnosis : updating the world on the latest climate science
The Kitka lake complex (Kitkajärvi), some 300 km² in total area, is located at an altitude of 240.2 m a.s.l. on the Maanselkä watershed. Its waters flow eastwards to the White Sea via the river Kitkajoki. The western parts of the lake basin in particular feature shores now situated on dry land. The clearest raised shore-line represents a phase of Kitkajärvi called here Early Kitka. The postglacial history of the lake complex is studied here by means of trend-surface analysis and a combination of pollen stratigraphy with radio-carbon dating. The area is shown to have undergone deglaciation around 9400-9500 B. P. and to have been supra-aquatic from the outset. The Early Kitka shore‑line now slopes from west to east with a gradient of approx. 0.2 m/km. At this early phase the lake possessed bifurcation features, having one outflow channel eastwards via Kitkajoki and another westwards into the Gulf of Bothnia via Livojärvi. This latter route, which most probably existed immediately on deglaciation, was closed around 8400 B. P. A gradient curve for the Kitka region is presented based on dated shore-lines, and this suggests an exponential decrease in shore level gradients towards the present day.
Contributions to the late-Quaternary history of the Lutto river valley, Finnish Lapland
The vegetation zones of northern Scandinavia and their development during the post-glacial period
Abstract: The paper deals with the morphology of the main valley of the drainage area and with the formations in the sorted material at the bottom of the valley. The sinuosity of the river valley is described by a method which facilitates and focuses on comparison of different river valleys. The depth and width of the valley is also systematically analysed...
Glacial stratigraphy of Koillismaa and North Kainuu, Finland
Applied quaternary research in the central part of glaciated terrain : proceedings of the INQUA Peribaltic Group Field Symposium 2006, Oulanka Biological Rsearch Station, Finland, September 11.-15
Pattern of dead-ice deglaciation forms in western Kemijärvi, Northern Finland
Deposits of sorted material in the Inarijoki-Tana river valley in Lapland
Last chance tourism : adapting tourism opportunities in a changing world
Deglaciation stratigraphy of Koillismaa and North Kainuu, Finland
Deglaciation of the main water divide, Saariselkä, North-Fennoscandia
Late Weichselian end moraines and deglaciation in eastern and central Finland
Main features of the glacial and postglacial development of Pulmanki valley in northernmost Finland
