http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12654 experience industry
experience industry
This project thesis has been commissioned by our client to focus on the creation of a user-friendly manual, describing the financial support instruments available for SMEs from the Finnish development agencies Finnvera and Tekes. The manual will focus on the SMEs in the field of services, specifically in the Experience industry.     In addition to the manual itself, we have provided an assessment tool to evaluate the effectiveness of the financial instruments  to be used in further research and development. The thesis report contains the key definitions plus an effective introduction to the key development agencies, in order to comprehend conceptually the scope of the project. The role of public agencies in public funding is discussed and the project's framework describes how the thesis question is set and addressed through the production of the manual. Further on, the thesis report reveals the various phases undertaken during the project's development process and the rationale behind these. The conclusions section provides an interesting summary of our key findings during the creation of the manual, which could inspire further research.    The project was completed during the year 2011. It was carried out following a similar path that an SME  would undertake by searching via internet for funding opportunities from Finnvera and Tekes. The information presented in the manual is the result of a massive information search, plus a thorough filtering, reformatting and summarizing visually in order to simplify and accelerate the access to relevant information, and the decision making for the target companies.     The project has been a highly valuable learning process about the role of the development agencies in Finland, the financing instruments available for SMEs, the conversion of massive information into well-structured and highly usable knowledge, and finally, the evaluation of these instruments. Additionally, the process of elaborating the financial manual has revealed several of the key strengths and weaknesses of the agencies' current funding portfolio.
Events management : an introduction
The entertainment economy : how mega-media forces are transforming our lives
The creative industries : culture and policy
The entertainment industry : an introduction
"This significant volume is the first to bring together research, policy and practice on the implications of the rapidly evolving green growth paradigm on the tourism sector. It provides a conceptual discussion of the implications of the new development trend for key players; consumers, firms and destinations of the travel and tourism system. It integrates case studies that highlight key issues in the emerging developing markets and explores the policy settings and frameworks that underpin tourism growth towards the green economy. This is essential reading for all those interested in Tourism and Development Studies"--
Providing value for customers in the experience economy : case Svanhild
A meaningful experience
Abstract.
The experience economy : work is theatre & every business a stage
Manufacturing leisure : innovations in happiness, well-being and fun
SME financial support instruments in Finland : Finnvera and Tekes
Fundamentals of planning and developing tourism
Creative economy report 2008 : the challenge of assessing the creative economy : towards informed policy-making
An internationally focused text which explains strategic management, analysis and implementation specifically in the tourism industry. Fully revised and updated, this second edition covers strategic management in a variety of tourism contexts.
Articles on experiences 3 : Christmas experiences
Articles on experiences. 3, Christmas experiences
Issues in cultural tourism studies
The leisure business and lifestyle
A meaningful experience : how is it done?
Green growth and travelism : concept, policy and practice for sustainable tourism
Last chance tourism : adapting tourism opportunities in a changing world
Human resource management in the hospitality industry : a guide to best practice
Aristotle's poetics, story design and audience appeal : A story strength theory
International business and tourism : global issues, contemporary interactions
Handbook for experience tourism agents
Contemporary tourism : an international approach
Infinite possibility : creating customer value on the digital frontier
The out-of-home immersive entertainment frontier : expanding interactive boundaries in leisure facilities
Snow and ice design in small businesses in winter tourism in Lapland: action research in snow and ice design
Hospitality security : managing security in today's hotel, lodging, entertainment, and tourism environment
Managing quality service in hospitality : how organizations achieve excellence in the guest experience
The cool factor : building your brand's image through partnership marketing
Economy of experiences
Designing the creative tourism experience : a service design process with Namibian craftspeople
Routledge handbook of tourism research
Green growth and travelism : letters from leaders
Handbook on the experience economy
Event entertainment and production
Experiencescapes : tourism, culture and economy
Articles on experiences . 3, Christmas experiences
The business of leisure : tourism, sport, events and other leisure industries
Strategy for tourism
Summary.
Brands & gaming : the computer gaming phenomenon and its impact on brands and businesses
The experience economy
Events design and experience
Tourism, creativity and development
Brand lands, hot spots & cool spaces : welcome to the third place and the total marketing experience
Travel and tourism
Entertainment and society : influences, impacts, and innovations
Handbook for experience stagers
Marketing of tourism experiences
"Written for those tasked with building a security department from the ground up, this book explains how to setup the department, how to determine and write policy, and how to keep even the most experienced professionals out of trouble and on top of their game. It provides information on criminal and civil law, risk management, budgeting and finance, labor relations, criminology, personnel management, training and education, written policy, safety, and health and other government standards. Case studies and best practices justify the reason for maintaining effective policies, purchasing new equipment, and managing a productive staff"--Provided by publisher.
Snow and ice design in small businesses in winter tourism in Lapland : action research in snow and ice design
Experience design : exploring the value of creating experiences
A meaningful experience : how is it done
Key issues in the arts and entertainment industry
