http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12668 classification
classification
Solving classification problems with multicriteria decision aiding approaches
Colon classification : basic classification
Abstract.
Nursing diagnoses : definitions & classification 2012-2014
Information content of bank credit rating changes : evidence from Europe
Folklore in action : essays for discussion in honor of MacEdward Leach
Understorey vegetation in fresh and Herb-Rich upland forests in South-west Lapland
International classification of functioning, disability and health : ICF
Glut : mastering information through the ages
Bliss bibliographic classification. Class K : society
Flora of Bhutan : including a record of plants from Sikkim. Vol. 1, part 3
International symposium on peat/peatland characteristics and uses Bemidji State University May 16-20, 1989
Orthopedic manual therapy on low back pain with working adults : clinical tests, subclassification and clinical trial of low back pain
Pattern-based compression of multi-band image data for landscape analysis
A manual of classification for librarians and bibliographers : with ill. and bibliography
The concept of climax in forest botany as applied in India
Universal decimal classification. : supplement no.3, cumulating supplements nos.1 and 2.
What makes segmentation good? A case study in boreal forest habitat mapping
Classification of SOx Scrubber for Ships
Scale in spatial information and analysis
The classification of fiction : the development of a system based on theoretical principles
Dewey decimal classification and relative index. Volume 2, Schedules 000-599
Credit risk management : basic concepts. financial risk components, rating analysis, model, economic and regulatory capital
Bliss bibliographic classification. Class AM/AX : mathematics, statistics and probability
Something old, something new: disorders specifically associated with stress in the ICD 11th revision
Finnish sustainability rating system for data centers : user manual, v0.4 for New Constructions
An introduction to the seventeenth edition of the Dewey decimal classification
Classification : its kinds, elements, systems and applications
The Inter-Nordic project of terrain and machines 1972-1975
Bliss bibliographic classification. Class A/AL : philosophy and logic
Classification of metallic targets using a walk-through metal detection portal
Development of strength grading of timber using combined measurement techniques : report of the Combigrade-project - phase 2
Names, ethnicity and populations : tracing identity in space
Integrated food security phase classification : technical manual version 2.0 : evidence and standards for better food security decisions
Classification and presentation of softwood sawlogs
Virus taxonomy : classification and nomenclature of viruses : eighth report of the International Committee on the Taxonomy of Viruses
Classification of radioactive waste : a safety guide
A world of hurt : a guide to classifying pain
Multilabel classification through structured output learning : methods and applications
Tool for Error Analysis Based on Operator Reported Data
Bliss bibliographic classification. Class S, Law
Green building rating systems in Germany : comparison between the US-American system (LEED) and the German one (DGNG)
Classification societies use Finland as a springboard to markets east
A companion to digital humanities
Bliss bibliographic classification : class P : religion, the occult, morals and ethics
Manual of the international statistical classification of diseases, injuries, and causes of death : 6. revision of the intenational lists of diseases and causes of death, adopted 1948. Vol. 1.
The McKenzie method in assessing, classifying and treating non-specific low back pain in adults with special reference to the centralization phenomenon
Classification in the 1970s : a second look
Peat resources in the Ukraine
On metaphors and their translation : a study based on Leon Uris's novet Trinity
Essays on credit risk in SMEs
Performance persistence of Morningstar rated funds
Colon classification. Vol. 1, Basic classification
Major trauma in Northern Finland
We tested if hand-carried field proximal soil sensing (PSS) can be used to map the distribution of anthropogenic Amazonian Dark Earths (ADE). ADE soils are rich in archaeological artefacts, nutrients, organic matter and carbon in the very stable form of pyrogenic carbon, also referred to as black carbon or biochar. To test the capacity of PSS to detect signature ADE properties we measured electrical conductivity (ECa), magnetic susceptibility (MSa) and gamma ray data by transect sampling and compared these readings, using fuzzy classification, with datasets on chemical soil properties from a 28 ha large study area located on the Belterra Plateau of the Lower Amazon in northern Brazil. Results indicate that ECa and MSa measurements were good indicators of ADE signatures, but that the gamma radiation sensor was less useful in the deeply weathered soils. PSS and fuzzy classification can be used for rapid field mapping of ADE for both agricultural and archaeological purposes.
The correlation between the concept "forest ecosystem" and "forest biogeocoenose" and their importance for the classification of forests
The new systematics
Ontical structures and universal classification
Ecological atlas of soils of the world
A revision of the Primnoidae (Octocorallia:Acyonacea) from the Aleutian Islands and Bering Sea
Report of the Third Banff Conference on Allograft Pathology (July 20-24, 1995) on Classification and Lesion Scoring in Renal Allograft Pathology
Recent advances in remote sensing and geoinformation processing for land degradation assessment
Reading the voice : native American oral poetry on the page
Bliss bibliographic classification. Class Q, Social welfare and criminology
Unstable feature relevance in classification tasks
New alternatives for k-Means clustering
Molecular systematics of Noctuoidea (Insecta, Lepidoptera)
A manual of classification for librarians and bibliographers
Introduction to hospitality
Bliss bibliographic classification. Class T : economics management of economic enterprises
International animal health code : mammals, birds and bees
Flora of Bhutan : including a record of plants from Sikkim. Vol. 1, part 2
Can we find a common platform for the different schools of forest type classification?
Nordic classification system for aids for disabled persons
Extensions and corrections to the UDC
Sorting of raw materials with fuzzy clustering = Sortering av råvarer ved bruk av fuzzy clustering
Dewey decimal classification and relative index. Volume 3, Schedules 600-999
Canons of classification, applied to "the subject", "the expansive", "the decimal" and "the Library of Congress" classifications
Theory of classification
Islam : outline of a classification scheme
Risk classification in life insurance
Dewey decimal classification and relative index. Volume 4, Relative index, manual
Introduction to cataloging and classification
A new system for descriptive classification of stones in the upper urinary tract
Global forest decimal classification (GFDC) : Globale Forstliche Dezimal-Klassifikation (GFDK)
A review of copepoda associated with sea anemones and anemone-like forms (Cnidaria, Anthozoa)
Named entities in the BRIEFS information extraction system
Classification of boreal mires in Finland and Scandinavia : a review
Land Cover Classification System : classification concepts and user manual : software version 2
Guide to the check sheet for IBP areas
Appraisal of seedling stand vegetation with airborne imagery and discrete-return LiDAR : an exploratory analysis
The family Herbertaceae and its novel systematic position within liverworts
Computer processing of remotely-sensed images : an introduction
A classification for medical and veterinary libraries
An introduction to numerical classification
Advances in classification research : proceedings of the 1st ASIS SIG/CR Classification Research Workshop, held at the 53rd ASIS Annual Meeting, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, November 4, 1990
UDC Universal decimal classification : standard edition. 2, Alphabetical index
A manual of classification for librarians & bibliographers
Towards a general theory of classifications
Semantic place recognition for context aware services
Multi-criteria classification of insufficiently explored North European lake systems
Forest types and their significance
Music classification systems
Recreational therapy handbook of practice : ICF-based diagnosis and treatment
The ecological classification of sorted forest soils of varying genesis in northern Finland
Airborne laser scanning based forest inventory for forest management by applying novel metrics and multiple data sources
Appropriate classification of three Swedish soils for agrarian and environmental management
Testing a spectral-based feature set for audio genre classification
The phacopid trilobites of the Silurian and Devonian of Czechoslovakia
Systematics and the origin of species : from the viewpoint of a zoologist
National Library of Medicine classification
A new attempt to classify Australian rain forests
Electronic poetry : understanding poetry in the digital environment
Processing of synthetic aperture radar images
Enhancing web search result access with automatic categorization
Convergence and demographic transition : a club approach
Analyzing the large number of variables in biomedical and satellite imagery
Some major problems in vegetation classification
Feature selection for classification of music according to expressed emotion
Multilayer perceptron training with multiobjective memetic optimization
Environmental hazard classification : classification of selected substances as dangerous for the environment (I)
Luxury hotel marketing : how the luxury hotel marketing differs according to the desired target market in the capital areas of Finland and Austria
Library classification : facets and analyses
The impact of credit rating announcements on bond and CDS markets in Europe
Classification of difference matrices and complex Hadamard matrices
Classification of Peat and Peatlands : proceedings of the international symposium held in Hyytiälä, Finland, September 17-21, 1979
The Selection and Use of Essential Medicines : Report of the WHO Expert Committee, 2011 (including the 17th WHO Model List of Essential Medicines and the 3rd WHO Model List of Essential Medicines for Children)
A manual of classification for librarians
Bliss bibliographic classification. Class J : education
Structure to services : a novel categorization of industrial services to help compare and clarify company offerings
Classification Procedures of Engine Room Related Auxiliary  Equipment
Kernel methods for remote sensing data analysis
Textbook of algae
Organizing knowledge in libraries : an introduction to classification and cataloguing
Using proximal soil sensors and fuzzy classification for mapping Amazonian Dark Earths
International patent classification. Vol. 1, Sections A and B : Human necessities, Performing operations, transporting
Proceedings of the Vth International Symposium The Taxonomy of Cultivated Plants : Wageningen, October 15-19, 2007
Automatic subgenre classification of heavy metal music
Statistics for imaging, optics, and photonics
Developments in woodpecker biology
"This important resource bridges the gap between imaging, optics, and photonics, and statistics and data analysis. The text contains a wide range of relevant statistical methods including a review of the fundamentals of statistics and expanding into multivariate techniques. The techniques are explained in the context of real examples from remote sensing, multispectral and hyperspectral imaging, signal processing, color science, and other related disciplines. The book also emphasizes intuitive and geometric understanding of concepts. The topics that are most relevant to imaging, optics, and photonics applications are covered thoroughly. In addition, supplemental topics are discussed to provide an overview of when and how the methods can be used".
British plant communities. Vol 1, Woodlands and scrub
The ecosystem concept as an aid to forest classification
Proceedings of the VIth International Symposium The Taxonomy of Cultivated Plants : Beijing, China, July 15-19, 2013
TNM classification of malignant tumours
International animal health code : mammals, birds and bees : 1993, 1994 & 1995 updates
Introduction to paremiology : a comprehensive guide to proverb studies
The effect of stratification on the number of sample plots of different sizes
Suggestions for the methodical classification and investigation of folk tunes
Summary.
Bliss bibliographic classification. Class R, Politics and public administration
Indian folklore. 2, [Papers presented at the Indo-American Seminar on Indian Folklore, Mysore (India) - August 1980]
The spatial and temporal extension of a landsat thematic mapper production bog surface density calibration
The social purposes of tourist brochures and their realisation in the texts introducing cities
Classification of Peat and Peatlands : Supplement to the Proceedings of the International Symposium, Hyytiälä, Finland, September 17-21, 1979.
Indexing concepts and methods
UDC Universal decimal classification : standard edition. 1, Systematic tables
Library of Congress classification. M, Music
Compendium wounds and wound management
Reconstructing a visitor typology based on recreation experiences
Prolegomena to library classification
Verification of a marbled murrelet habitat inventory on the British Columbian central coast
Bliss bibliographic classification. Class 1 : psychology and psychiatry
Discovering new media /  toim.  Andrea Botero & Heli Rantavuo
The purpose of the research is to find out the differences in luxury hotel marketing depending on the category affordable luxury and luxury. Additionally, its purpose is to outline and compare the status of luxury tourism industry and the state of super luxury in Austria and Finland and why Austria or Finland do not have super luxury category to offer to their luxury travellers.  The method of the research was qualitative and the research was carried out as half structured in-depth interviews, which included experts from Finnish Tourism Board, Finland Travel Bureau and the chartered management consultant and certified hotelier from Austria as well as marketing and communication representatives from Palace Kämp Group and Hotel Altstadt Vienna. Altogether 29 persons, decision bodies or hotels were contacted to take part to the research. The results of the research were analysed manually by reading notes and transcripts.  The main focus of the research was on the marketing differences according to the luxury hotel category. Thus no interview partners were managed to obtain from the luxury category, was it impossible to compare the results and therefore only the affordable luxury category is being introduced and analysed in this thesis. While only six experts took part in the research, the results have a relatively large margin of error and consequently cannot be generalized. The answers and results should only be used as trend-setting examples.  What was found out during the research, were the characteristics of affordable luxury category, as already among three interviewees the saturation was fulfilled in some cases. All the interview hotels fulfilled the qualities of luxury travel; they all offer freedom of choice and unstructured experiences as all of the hotels aimed to offer individual packages for the customers. Freedom from shackles of time and high standards of personal service were reached by offering quality service and fulfilling customer's every wish and freedom to be casual in lifestyle as casualty was emphasised by all of the interview partners. Elegant amenities as well as excellent cuisine were additionally offered in the Finnish partner hotels.  To draw a conclusion, Finland is lags behind Austria in luxury tourism on a general level. Yet, what should be taken into consideration when comparing these destinations is the structure of the industry and the different possibilities of both countries. Albeit both countries are strong winter destinations, the focus of luxury offer is different; in Finland the possibilities lie in adventure holidays and extreme experiences with snow, darkness and isolation, whereas in Austria taking care of mental and physical side of the individual is the main focus by offering luxurious spas and resorts.
Categorization as a key to understanding the use of proverbs
On text document classification and retrieval using self-organising maps
Essays on empirical asset pricing
Information and intrigue : from index cards to Dewey decimals to Alger Hiss
The trouble with culture : how computers are calming the culture wars
Classification of mammals above the species level
Classification and biology
Diagnosing gender : transitivity analysis on the diagnostic category of gender dysphoria in DSM-5
Dewey decimal classification and relative index. Volume 1, Introduction, tables
A combined structural and floristic approach to the definition of forest ecosystems
Manual of the international statistical classification of diseases, injuries, and causes of death : 6. revision of the international lists of diseases and causes of death, adopted 1948. Vol. 2, Alphabetical index
The classification of obligations
Classification of the vegetation, especially of the forests, with particular reference to regional problems
Cataloging and classification : an introduction
Establishing and implementing an iformation classification system
Color ordered : a survey of color order systems from antiquity to the present
Structure and subject interaction : toward a sociology of knowledge in the social sciences
Managing Requirements of Standards and Regulations for Engine Control System : Case Study of Storing System Requirements from DNV in Polarion
Some problems of forest climaxes in Poland
Moys classification and thesaurus for legal materials
Classification of trail settings in an alpine national park using the Recreation Opportunity Spectrum approach
