http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12628 recycled paper
recycled paper
Step-by-step 50 recycled crafts for kids
Improvement of resource efficiency in deinked pulp mill
Papermaking science and technology. : Book 10. Papermaking : part 3, finishing
Paper and board based on recycled fibres in food contact
How to make your own recycled paper : transform many types of waste paper into your own beautiful hand-made paper with little expense and a few simple materials
Optimization of dryer section for recycled paperboard
Recycling and deinking of recovered paper
This thesis is the result of co-operation between Fastpap Oy, Räpina Paberivabrik AS and Tampere University of Applied Sciences. Work originated from Fastpap Oy and the target of this thesis work was to gain knowledge from the mill and the product in order to take the efficiency of the machine even further. Fastpap had delivered a comprehensive rebuild on the wet end of the machine. The results were good but the targeted production rate was not achieved. The old dryer section could not cope with the new capacity of the wet end. This thesis aims to collect all the information that helps to improve the efficiency of the dryer section. Couple of studies were already made to assess the current state of the machine. This work is a summary of those studies already made incorporating further machine concept and properties of the paperboard affecting to the drying efficiency.  The theoretical part of this thesis includes the operation principles of the conventional wire section. This was made to explain the origins of the two sidedness of the product. The drying section concept point of view was also included since the possible bottlenecks of the process would locate on this particular section. The experimental section of this thesis covered the analysis of the product. This analysis gave a vital information of the product to understand the drying process. Besides testing the basic properties of the paperboard, the air permeance and absorbency of the product were examined. Experimental drying simulation were also carried out. The results of the earlier studies from the machine concept point of view were included to gain comprehensive view from the process of this particular machine.  The results of the product analysis did not reveal any severe signs of the two sidedness of the paperweb affecting the drying process. Excluding the surface roughness of the paperboard, the results were quite uniform on the top and the wire side of the product. Some possible improvements on the machine concept point of view were discovered. Most of these discovered points of improvements were already covered in a way or another in the earlier studies. In addition, the assumed originating factors of these detected points were considered. This thesis gives a comprehensive idea of the operating process and the paperboard produced on site. These extensive results can be used as a tool for estimating the possible investments in the mill.
Paper recycling challenge. 3, Process technology
Impact of waste-to-energy on the demand and supply relationships of recycled fibre
Utilization of rejects of deinking process : a literature review
Finnish pulp and paper industry continues its strong environmental performance
Rubbish! : reuse your refuse
Ready made : how to make (almost) everything : a do-it-yourself primer
SustainAble : a handbook of materials and applications for graphic designers and their clients
Cereal straw as a resource for sustainable biomaterials and biofuels : chemistry, extractives, lignins, hemicelluloses and cellulose
Papermaking science and technology. Book 7, Recycled fiber and deinking
Wastewater treatment and deinking sludge utilization possibilities for energy and material recovery in the Leningrad region
Advances in paper recycling : new technology and marketing trends
Surface chemistry of fibres and vessel elements in chemical and recycled pulps
Creative handmade paper : How to make paper from recycled and natural materials
The Encyclopedia on scrapbooking techiques : a step-by-step guide to crating beautiful scrapbook pages
Eco books : inventive projects from the recycling bin
Utilisation of tube flow fractionation in fibre and particle analysis
Book art : iconic sculptures and installations made from books
Biodegradable nonwoven fabrics from recycled cardboard (English Summary)
Improvement of recyclability and the recycling paper industry of the future : Cost action E1 Paper Recyclability, Las Palmas de Gran Canaria, 24-26 November 1998
PCBs in processes, products and environment of paper mills using wastepaper as their raw material
Creative handmade paper : how to make paper from recycled and natural materials
On the analysis of ink content in recycled pulps
Recycled, re-seen : folk art from the global scrap heap
Implementation of a novel pigment recovery process for a paper mill
Crafty containers
Printing materials : science and technology
Paper recycling in an increasingly environmentally conscious world is gaining importance. Increased recycling activities are being driven by robust overseas markets as well as domestic demand. Recycled fibers play a very important role today in the global paper industry as a substitute for virgin pulps. Paper recovery rates continue to increase year after year Recycling technologies have been improved in recent years by advances in pulping, flotation deinking and cleaning/screening, resulting in the quality of paper made from secondary fibres approaching that of virgin paper. The process is a lot more eco-friendly than the virgin-papermaking process, using less energy and natural resources, produce less solid waste and fewer atmospheric emissions, and helps to preserve natural resources and landfill space. Currently more than half of the paper is produced from recovered papers. Most of them are used to produce brown grades paper and board but for the last two decades, there is a substantial increase in the use of recovered papers to produce, through deinking, white grades such as newsprint, tissue, market pulp. By using recycled paper, companies can take a significant step toward reducing their overall environmental impacts. This study deals with the scientific and technical advances in recycling and deinking including new developments. It covers in great depth all the aspects of recycling technologies. It covers the latest science and technology in recycling. It provides up-to-date, authoritative information and cites many mills experiences and pertinent research. It includes the use of biotech methods for deinking, refining and improving drainage.
Use and abuse of recycled papers : conference proceedings 22-23 May 1991.
101 things to do with an envelope : [fun, functional and frivolous things to make out of envelopes]
The contemporary craft of paper mache : techniques, project, inspirations
Great papier mâché : masks, animals, hats, furniture
Papermaking science and technology. Book 17, Pulp and paper testing
Green crafts for children : 35 step-by-step projects using natural, recycled and found materials
Technology of paper recycling
The handmade paper book
Recycling, international trade and the environment : an empirical analysis
Great newspaper crafts
