http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12625 coastal climate
coastal climate
Climate change and ongoing transformation processes in economy and agriculture will have strong and multiple impacts in the Baltic region. In particular coastal zones face increasing hazards, e.g. due to sea level rise or changes in riverine nutrient loads and eutrophication. These changes also offer a wide range of new opportunities in the Baltic Region. Adaptation measures are needed but require a thorough and spatially differentiated understanding of underlying ecological, economic and social processes. Sixteen contributions by authors from eight countries give a comprehensive overview of t
Ocean and coastal law has grown rapidly in the past three decades as a specialty area within natural resources law and environmental law. This book unites the two worlds of climate change regulation and ocean and coastal management. It raises important questions about whether and how ocean and coastal law will respond to the regulatory challenges that climate change presents to resources in the oceans and coasts of the United States and the world.
A new climatic periodisation of the Gold and Guinea Coasts in West Africa, 1750-1798 : a reconstruction of the climate during the slave trade era, including an analysis of the climatically facilitated trans-Atlantic slave trade
Characterisation and prediction of large-scale, long term change of coastal geomorphological behaviours : final science report
Swedish summary-sammanfattning.
Priority issues in the Mediterranean environment
Climate change : impact on coastal habitation
Disappearing destinations : climate change and future challenges for coastal tourism
Sudden and disruptive climate change : exploring the real risks and how we can avoid them
Global change and Baltic coastal zones
Life in Europe under climate change
Treeline in relation to climate, with special reference to oceanic areas
Strategies for adaption to sea level rise
Geomorphology and global environmental change
Environmental changes and geomorphic hazards in forests : report no. 4 of the IUFRO Task Force on Environmental Change
Sea level change affecting the spatial development in the Baltic Sea Region
Environmental monitoring using GNSS : global navigation satellite systems
Global coastal change
These little town blues are melting away
Ship breaker
Environmental geoinformatics : monitoring and management
The atlas of coasts & oceans : ecosystems, threatened resources, marine conservation
Capacity building for environmental law in the Asia and Pacific region : approaches and resources. Vol. 2
Export of organic matter, sulphate and base cations from boreal headwater catchments downstream to the coast : impacts of land use and climate
Climate and water in Europe : water quality and aquatic ecosystems
Islands of the Arctic
Applied studies in climate adaptation
Spatial planning in coastal regions : facing the impact of climate change. Publication for FIG commission 8 working group 8.4 - Urban planning in coastal region
Top dive sites of the Indian Ocean : [95 of the Indian Ocean's most exciting and challenging dive sites]
Climate change impacts on ocean and coastal law : U.S. and international perspectives
Practical measures needed to tackle climate change : coastal forest buffer zones and shoreline change in Zanzibar, Tanzania
Coastal environmental gradients : key to reproduction habitat mapping of freshwater fish in the Baltic Sea
El Niño in Peru : biology and culture over 10,000 years
Tourism : rethinking the social science of mobility
Wildlife in a changing climate
Forest-edge effects on sea-salt aerosol deposition : a wind-tunnel study using living oak leaves
Rising sea levels : an introduction to cause and impact
Capacity building for environmental law in the Asian and Pacific region : approaches and resources. Vol. 2
