http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12611 sampling (inspection)
sampling (inspection)
Results of sampling and analysis of groundwater from multi-packered boreholes OL-KR3, OL-KR5, OL-KR9 and OL-KR11 at Olkiluoto, Eurajoki, in 2003
This thesis examined hydrological processes such as snowmelt and groundwater discharge in drained peatland areas in the boreal zone. The studied processes were measured in situ using environmental tracers. Further, performance of a treatment wetland was studied during snowmelt and high flow. A GIS model was developed to estimate groundwater seepage areas in peatland systems surrounding eskers.It was found that soil frost had a clear impact on water quality during snowmelt. This was evident as lower suspended sediments, water colour and dissolved organic carbon concentrations, among other changes. The treatment wetland was found to reduce the suspended solids load during the snowmelt period and late autumn, while reductions in phosphorus and nitrogen loads occurred during summer. A sampling algorithm was built to test how different sampling frequencies affected the estimation of suspended solid loads from the constructed wetland. The results showed increasing uncertainty for sparser sampling (from weekly to monthly sampling), but the uncertainty remained high even at weekly sampling. The GIS model was tested on two eskers and shown to give a fair estimate of groundwater discharge locations. It can thus be used for improving aquifer protection in boreal eskers related to the drainage networks surrounding them. However, to be applied more widely, further efforts are required.The findings in this thesis could be used to develop better water management policies for peat extraction areas, or other industries operating in similar soils and climate. For example, meltwater could be allowed to temporarily bypass treatment facilities in areas with deep soil frost penetration. The wetland study showed that peatland-based wetlands are a suitable approach for improving water treatment performance even under variable hydraulic loads. The uncertainty in the estimated load from a small peat extraction catchment was high, which might limit the use of such data for some purposes. Load estimation methods using the concentration data collected during previous years might be able to reduce the uncertainty, but if the uncertainty needs to be lowered substantially use of sensor technology might be the only viable approach.
Spices and condiments : sampling
Invertebrate animals as indicators of acidity in upland stream
Feline corneal sequestra : morphological characterisation of normal and sequestered feline cornea
Textbook of diagnostic microbiology
Histopathological features in the progression of idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis/usual interstitial pneumonia with special emphasis on the redox modulating enzymes of the human lung
Soil quality : sampling : standardi. Part 1, Guidance on safety
Passive sampling in monitoring of nonylphenol ethoxylates and nonylphenol in aquatic environments
A comparison of different sampling methods of quantitative vegetation analysis
Environmental sampling and analysis for technicians
Air sampling instruments for evaluation of atmospheric contaminants
A manual of laboratory & diagnostic tests
Sample-based fishery surveys : a technical handbook
Linné & Ringsrud's clinical laboratory science : the basics and routine techniques
Novel technologies for greenfield exploration
The plant disease clinic and field diagnosis of abiotic diseases
EURO-Soils : identification, collection, treatment, characterization
Practical manual of groundwater microbiology
Commercial biosensors : applications to clinical, bioprocess, and environmental samples
Groundwater sampling at Olkiluoto, Eurajoki, from the borehole OL-KR6 during a long-term pumping test in 2003
Quality review of hydrochemical baseline data from the Olkiluoto site
Sampling, analysis & monitoring methods : a guide to EPA and OSHA requirements
Phlebotomy : principles and practice
Statistical aspects of the microbiological examination of foods
The essential handbook of ground-water sampling
Microorganisms in foods. 2, Sampling for microbiological analysis: principles and specific applications
Terästen sisältämien epämetallisten sulkeumien metallograafinen määrittäminen vertailukuvasarjan avulla = Micrographic examination of the non-metallic inclusion content of steels using standard pictures
Procedures for the collection of the arterial blood specimens : approved standard : GP43-A4
Sampling and analysis of indoor microorganisms
"Easily transition from classroom to clinic with Phlebotomy Essentials, sixth edition. Fully revised with the most recent CLSI guidelines, including new venipuncture standards, this exciting new edition will help you prepare for phlebotomy practice today. Throughout the book, updates reflect the newest changes in the way today's students learn along with the way today's phlebotomists work. An updated art program showcases new technology. New content on diversity awareness highlights the needs of today's clinical settings. New case studies train you to think critically and apply their learning. With the option of a workbook, exam review book, and prepU adaptive quizzing software, this book represents the cornerstone of successful preparation for a career in phlebotomy."--Adapted from back cover.
A new forest floor corer for rapid sampling, minimal disturbance and adequate precision
A practical guide to taking blood
Monitors of organic chemicals in the environment : semipermeable membrane devices
Handbook of phlebotomy and patient service techniques
Hazardous waste analysis
Soil quality : sampling : standardi. Part 4, Guidance on the procedure for investigation of natural, near-natural and cultivated sites
Parametric aerosol sampling at low concentration levels
Summary report on groundwater chemistry
Phlebotomy handbook : blood specimen collection from basic to advanced
Evaluation of the spot urine sampling technique to assess urinary pseudouridine excretion in lactating dairy cows
New techniques in the analysis of foods
Intercomparison of sediment sampling devices using artificial radionuclides in Baltic Sea sediments : the Mossie report
The terra incognita of sampling : grouping and segregation
Positioning biopsy needles in the prostate gland using 3D computer modelling
Indoor air quality: the latest sampling and analytical methods
Methodology development for sampling anaerobic bacteria from small humic lakes
Monitoring for gaseous pollutants in museum environments
Linne & Ringsrud's clinical laboratory science : the basics and routine techniques
Chemical analysis in the laboratory : a basic guide
Manual of environmental analysis
Pesticide residues in food : methods of analysis and sampling
Veden laatu : näytteenotto mikrobiologista tutkimusta varten = Water quality : sampling for microbiological analysis
Phlebotomy technician specialist : a practical guide to phlebotomy
Phlebotomy : worktext and procedures manual
Comparison of two sampling methods, the beach seining and plexiglas trapping, to investigate littoral fish fauna
Rapid analysis techniques in food mikrobiology
Comparison of different types of peat corers in volumetric sampling
Infection prevention and control : theory and clinical practice for healthcare professionals
Spatial and temporal statistics : sampling field soils and their vegetation
Samples and standards
Procedures for the collection of diagnostic blood specimens by venipuncture: approved standard : GP41-A6
Graff's textbook of routine urinalysis and body fluids
Handbook of elemental speciation II : species in the environment, food, medicine and occupational health
Quantification of NH3 released from composting of garden waste
Runoff generation and load estimation in drained peatland areas
Veden laatu = Water quality. Osa 1 = Part 1, Näytteenottomenetelmät = Methods for sampling
Glencoe phlebotomy for health care personnel
Post-mortem procedures for wildlife veterinarians and field biologists
Guide to Quality Control
Mass balance determination for trace elements at coal-, peat- and bark-fired power plants
Life history of an Arctic crustacean Onisimus caricus (Amphipoda: Lysianassidae) as deduced from baited trap samples taken from Adventfjorden, Svalbard
Phlebotomy basics with other laboratory techniques
Groundwater sampling at Olkiluoto, Eurajoki, from the borehole OL-KR6 during a long-term pumping test in 2004
Phlebotomy workbook for the multiskilled healthcare professional
Glacier mass balance measurements : a manual for field work
Water quality : sampling. Part 1. Guidance on the design of sampling programmes and sampling techniques
The effects of groundwater samplers on water quality : a literature review
Sampling methods for multiresource forest inventory
A new bibliography of samplers for freshwater benthic invertebrates
Problems with hepatic biobsy / problems with the biliary tract
Kierrätyspolttoaineet = Solid recovered fuels : laboratorionäytteen esikäsittelymenetelmät = methods for laboratory sample preparation
Phlebotomy essentials
Wood - sampling methods and general requirements for physical and mechanical testing of small clear wood specimens = Bois - méthodes d'échantillonnage et conditions générales pour les essais physiques et mécaniques de petites éprouvettes de bois net
"The book covers all aspects of environmental trace analysis from sampling through to preparation of the sample to the analytical techniques used to quantify the level of trace metals or organic compounds"--
Kiinteät kierrätyspolttoaineet = Solid recovered fuels : näytteenottomenetelmät = methods for sampling
Adapting National Forest Inventories to changing requirements - the case of the Swedish National Forest Inventory at the turn of the 20th century
Progress in food contaminant analysis
A Comparative Study of Passive and Active Sampling Methods for Measuring Indoor Particulate Matter
Radioactive air sampling methods
Basic clinical laboratory techniques
Atomic absorption and plasma spectroscopy : 2nd ed
Conservation of cultural property, Methodology for sampling from materials of cultural property : general rules
Vegetation ecology : theory, methods and applications with reference to Fennoscandia
Air sampling and industrial hygiene engineering
Bunkers sampling guidelines : guidelines for the sampling of fuel oil for determination of compliance with annex VI of MARPOL 73/78
Wild birds and avian influenza : an introduction to applied field research and disease sampling techniques
Country-scale carbon accounting of the vegetation and mineral soils of Finland
Introduction to microwave sample preparation : theory and practice
Venepuncture and cannulation : a practical guide
Compilation of EPA's sampling and analysis methods
Soil quality : sampling : standardi. Part 1, Guidance on the design of sampling programmes
"This book covers all aspects of environmental trace analysis from sampling through to preparation of the sample to the analytical techniques used to quantify the level of trace metals or organic compounds. The book is divided into two areas: sample preparation for inorganic analysis and sample preparation for organic analysis. This allows the reader to focus on key aspects related to the preparation of samples for their subsequent analysis. Selected case studies provide the reader with the opportunity to consider how the sample preparation approach can be optimized for their own area of expertise"--
Clinical diagnostic technology : the total testing process : volume 1: the preanalytical phase
Influence of blood sampling method on experimental stress with mouse = [Verinäytteenottotapojen vaikutus hiiren kokemaan stressiin]
Soil quality [5] : sampling : standardi. Part 5, Guidance on the procedure for the investigation of urban and industrial sites with regard to soil contamination
Atlas of liver biopsies
Groundwater sampling from shallow boreholes (PP and PR) and groundwater observation tubes (PVP) at Olkiluoto, in 2004
General principles of good sampling practice
Joint Polish–Finnish sampling of surface waters around the phosphogypsum waste stacks in Gdańsk and Police from 1 to 3 July 2013 : results of the expedition
Case studies in clinical laboratory science
The peat knife : an improved tool for collecting peat samples for pollen analysis
Pathogenic Yersinia enterocolitica and Yersinia pseudutuberculosis - real-time PCR methods for detection in food, feed and environmental samples
Procedures and devices for the collection of diagnostic capillary blood specimens : approved standard : GP42-A6
Biogeochemistry in mineral exploration
Increment core sampling techniques for high quality cores
Novel technologies for greenfield exploration. Mineral exploration and mapping within thick glacial overburden, peatlands and different conservation areas is demanding, sensitive and expensive. The best practices for mineral exploration (techniques and concepts) from cost and environmental perspectives have been developed in the project 'Novel technologies for greenfield exploration' funded by Finnish Funding Agency for Innovation (Tekes). Essential exploration techniques include the concurrent use of geological, geochemical and geophysical surveys. These techniques allow the location and thorough investigation of the geological processes responsible for mineral deposits and indications of ore-forming processes, or in suitable conditions, the direct identification of mineral deposits. The efficiency and success of exploration require not only high quality data processing and interpretation, but also the consideration of environmental aspects, which are particularly important in sensitive northern, sub-Arctic areas. The results and methodological advances arising from this project could particularly serve companies and organizations conducting grass root mineral exploration in a regional scale. The techniques can also be adopted in target-scale exploration.
The lake functioning has been an interesting subject for limnologist and more importantly, the sustainability of humic lakes. The major challenge has always been in sampling the anaerobic bacteria form hypolimnion without the contamination of samples by light and oxygen. This study focused on developing and testing one method and yielded a result without the samples being contaminated.  The sampling method consisted of syringe and tube that was wrapped with tape (3 folds) to cut any light contamination to the samples while pulling them. The incubation vials were vacuumed to negative pressure to make sure no contamination of samples with the oxygen.  To further mimic the natural environment, the vials were wrapped in black painted water soluble paper to reduce the effect of light while filling those vials; and would dissolve in water in no time so that the natural light condition could be attained at those respective depths of sampling. Since the method fulfilled most of its required categories, better results were obtained with a clear difference in light and dark production.
A comparison of pitfall trapping and quadrat sampling of Carabidae (Coleoptera) on river banks
A simple device for sampling of volumetric forest soil cores
Procedures in phlebotomy
Complete phlebotomy exam review
Culture methods for invertebrate animals
Quantitative analysis of PM10 emission sources in Härmälä small combustion area
Water quality : sampling. Part 4, Guidance on sampling from lakes, natural and man-made
Groundwater sampling from shallow boreholes (PP and PR) and groundwater observation tubes (PVP) at Olkiluoto 2003
Codex alimentarius. Vol. 13, Methods of analysis and sampling
PM10 means particulate matter where each particle has a diameter of 10 μm or less. PM10 not only  correlates strongly with residents' disease, cancer and death, but is also relevant to global climate  change, atmospheric photochemical smog, acid deposition and ozone depletion and other major issues.  (赵琦,2007: 4)  This investigation was implemented by Tampere University of Applied Sciences and Environmental  Services of Tampere during May 2009. The area for the experiment was HÄRMÄLÄ. This final thesis will  concentrate on one specific week's data from May 11th to May 17th 2009.  After analysing it, we will predicate possible reasons which lead to PM10 pollution in order to improve  measurement methods and also improve the software and applications in the ELPI (Electrical Low  Pressure Impactor) machine. However, we collected and organized half a year's data.  In our project, we analyzed the mass concentration of PM10 measured by ELPI (Electrical Low Pressure  Impactor) affected by the number of combustion sources( sauna and wood heating as well as other  heating methods) in different blocks in the HÄRMÄLÄ area.  The data handling processes mainly require a high standard of Excel graphical presentation skills. And it  also needs innovation methods with a knowledge of physics, math, and software skills. All the data  handling processes in my thesis use Excel and other software tools instead of a calculator. So the  results are quite accurate. The appendix will not be published, because the information is confidential.  Due to limited time, there might be mistakes and errors. I appreciate that the reader could provide advice  and suggestions. And I would like to discuss any topic related to my final thesis.  My email address: zhouyou1227@hotmail.com
Summary.
Comparison and intercalibration of some chemical methods in autumn 2003 as a part of the Tacis project Management of aquatic resources of Lake Ladoga and its catchment (MAQREL) TSPF/0302/0033
Omasal sampling technique in estimation of the site and extent of mineral absorption in dairy cows fed rapeseed and soybean expellers
Phlebotomy simplified
Soil sampling and methods of analysis
Isocyanates and amines : sampling and analytical procedures
Development and evaluation of a denuder-filter system designed for sampling diisocyanate aerosols
Phosphorus extractability in surface soil samples as affected by mixing with subsoil
Phlebotomy essentials : workbook
First dice your dill (Anethum graveolens L.) : new methods and techniques in sample handling
Sampling problems and methods in fisheries research and net materials of synthetic fibers
A primer for sampling solids, liquids, and gases : based on the seven sampling errors of Pierre Gy
Fisheries techniques
Success! in phlebotomy : a Q & A review
Genetic structure of the brown bears (<em>Ursus arctos</em>) in Northern Europe
Blood collection : a short course
Soil quality : sampling : standardi. Part 2, Guidance on sampling techniques
Groundwater sampling from open boreholes OL-KR1, OL-KR2, OL-KR4, OL-KR8 and OL-KR10 at Olkiluoto, Eurajoki, in 2003
The complete textbook of phlebotomy
Optimizing and running-in the analysis of industrial workspace air
The sampling of hill soils and herbage, with particular reference to the determination of the trace elements
Sampling and sample preparation : practical guide for analytical chemists
Elementary survey sampling
Environmental trace analysis : techniques and applications
Chromatographic analysis of the environment
