http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12606 carolingians
carolingians
This book offers the first book-length exploration of intercession- aid and advocacy by one individual or group in behalf of another-within early medieval aristocratic societies. Drawing upon a variety of disciplines and historiographical traditions, Sean Gilsdorf demonstrates how this process operated, and how it was ideologically elaborated, in Carolingian and Ottonian Europe, allowing individuals and groups to leverage their own, limited interpersonal networks to the fullest, produce new relationships, gain access to previously closed spaces, and generate interest in their agendas from those able to effect change. This book enriches our understanding of early medieval politics and rulership, offering a model of political interaction in which hierarchy and comity do not stand in ideological and pragmatic tension, but instead work in integrated and mutually-reinforcing ways.
Images, iconoclasm, and the Carolingians
Carolingian cavalryman AD 768-987
Carolingian chronicles : Royal Frankish Annals and Nithard's Histories
The inheritance of Rome : a history of Europe from 400 to 1000
The Carolingian world
A collection of essays, nine of the ten which appeared first between 1995 and 2005. It explores how the seventh-century Visio Baronti was read in the ninth century and how social and cultural imperatives transformed the life of scholarship, schools and learning in Carolingian Europe.
Carolingian scholarship and Martianus Capella : ninth-century commentary on 'De Nuptiis' in context
Emperor of the west
The social life of hagiography in the Merovingian kingdom
History and politics in late Carolingian and Ottonian Europe : the Chronicle of Regino of Prüm and Adalbert of Magdeburg
Charlemagne's courtier : the complete Einhard
Carolingian culture : emulation and innovation
"What did it mean to be a Frankish nobleman in an age of reform? How could Carolingian lay nobles maintain their masculinity and their social position, while adhering to new and stricter moral demands by reformers concerning behaviour in war, sexual conduct and the correct use of power? This book explores the complex interaction between Christian moral ideals and social realities, and between religious reformers and the lay political elite they addressed. It uses the numerous texts addressed to a lay audience (including lay mirrors, secular poetry, political polemic, historical writings and legislation) to examine how Biblical and patristic moral ideas were reshaped to become compatible with the realities of noble life in the Carolingian empire. This innovative analysis of Carolingian moral norms demonstrates how gender interacted with political and religious thought to create a distinctive Frankish elite culture, presenting a new picture of early medieval masculinity"--
"The barbarian law codes, compiled between the sixth to eighth centuries, were copied remarkably frequently in the Carolingian ninth century. They provide crucial evidence for early medieval society, including the settlement of disputes, the nature of political authority, literacy, and the construction of ethnic identities. Yet it has proved extremely difficult to establish why the codes were copied in the ninth century, how they were read, and how their rich evidence should be used. Thomas Faulkner tackles these questions more systematically than ever before, proposing new understandings of the relationship between the making of law and royal power, and the reading of law and the maintenance of ethnic identities. Faulkner suggests major reinterpretations of central texts, including the Carolingian law codes, the capitularies adding to the laws, and Carolingian revisions of earlier barbarian and Roman laws. He also provides detailed analysis of legal manuscripts, especially those associated with the 'leges-scriptorium'"--
Courts, elites, and gendered power in the early Middle Ages : Charlemagne and others
The Carolingians in Central Europe, their history, arts, and architecture : cultural history of Central Europe, 750-900
Morality and masculinity in the Carolingian empire
Lay intellectuals in the Carolingian world
Learning and culture in Carolingian Europe : letters, numbers, exegesis, and manuscripts
Shepherds of the Lord : priests and episcopal statutes in the Carolingian period
Women and aristocratic culture in the Carolingian world
Ordering the heavens : Roman astronomy and cosmology in the Carolingian renaissance
The favor of friends : intercession and aristocratic politics in Carolingian and Ottonian Europe
Power and its problems in Carolingian Europe
Historian Chris Wickham defies conventional views of the "Dark Ages" in European history with a work of rigorous yet accessible scholarship. Drawing on a wealth of new material and featuring a thoughtful synthesis of historical and archaeological approaches, Wickham argues that these centuries were critical in the formulation of European identity. Far from being a "middle" period between more significant epochs, this age has much to tell us in its own right about the progress of culture and the development of political thought. Wickham focuses on a world still profoundly shaped by Rome, which encompassed peoples ranging from Goths, Franks, and Vandals to Arabs, Anglo-Saxons, and Vikings. Digging deep into each culture, Wickham constructs a vivid portrait of a vast and varied world stretching from Ireland to Constantinople, the Baltic to the Mediterranean--the crucible in which Europe would ultimately be created.--From publisher description.
Reframing the feudal revolution : political and social transformation between Marne and Moselle, c. 800 to c. 1100
Greek East and Latin West : the church, AD 681-1071
Charlemagne's survey of the Holy Land : wealth, personnel, and buildings of a Mediterranean church between antiquity and the Middle Ages : with a critical edition and translation of the original text
Early Carolingian warfare : prelude to empire
The symbolic language of authority in the Carolingian world (c. 751-877)
Emperor of the world : Charlemagne and the construction of imperial authority, 800-1229
The politics of memory and identity in Carolingian royal diplomas : the West Frankish kingdom (840-987)
Dorestad in an international framework : Proceedings of the First 'Dorestad Congress' held at The National Museum of Antiquities Leiden, the Netherlands June 24-27, 2009
The millennium between the breakup of the western Roman Empire and the Reformation was a long and hugely transformative period--one not easily chronicled within the scope of a few hundred pages. Yet distinguished historian Chris Wickham has taken up the challenge in this landmark book, and he succeeds in producing the most riveting account of medieval Europe in a generation. Tracking the entire sweep of the Middle Ages across Europe, Wickham focuses on important changes century by century, including such pivotal crises and moments as the fall of the western Roman Empire, Charlemagne's reforms, the feudal revolution, the challenge of heresy, the destruction of the Byzantine Empire, the rebuilding of late medieval states, and the appalling devastation of the Black Death. He provides illuminating vignettes that underscore how shifting social, economic, and political circumstances affected individual lives and international events. Wickham offers both a new conception of Europe's medieval period and a provocative revision of exactly how and why the Middle Ages matter.
The first European revolution, c. 970-1215
Law and authority in the early middle ages : the Frankish leges in the Carolingian period
The divorce of Lothar II : Christian marriage and political power in the Carolingian world
The Frankish kingdoms under the Carolingians, 751-987
Carolingian connections : Anglo-Saxon England and Carolingian Francia, c. 750-870
A contrite heart : prosecution and redemption in the Carolingian empire
Past convictions : the penance of Louis the Pious and the decline of the Carolingians
Barbarian tides : the migration age and the later Roman Empire
In the year 726 C.E., the Byzantine emperor Leo III issued an edict declaring images to be idols, forbidden by Exodus, and ordering all such images in churches to be destroyed. Thus was set off the first wave of Byzantine iconoclasm, which ran its violent course until 787, when the underlying issues were temporarily resolved at the Second Council of Nicaea. In 815, a second great wave of iconoclasm was set off, only to end in 842 when the icons were restored to the churches of the East and the iconoclasts excommunicated. The iconoclast controversies have long been understood as marking major fissures between the Western and Eastern churches. In Images, Iconoclasm, and the Carolingians, Thomas F. X. Noble reveals that the lines of division were not so clear. It is traditionally maintained that the Carolingians in the 790s did not understand the basic issues involved in the Byzantine dispute. Noble contends that there was, in fact, a significant Carolingian controversy about visual art and, if its ties to Byzantine iconoclasm were tenuous, they were also complex and deeply rooted in central concerns of the Carolingian court. Furthermore, he asserts that the Carolingians made distinctive and original contributions to the whole debate over religious art. Images, Iconoclasm, and the Carolingians is the first book to provide a comprehensive study of the Western response to Byzantine iconoclasm. By comparing art-texts with laws, letters, poems, and other sources, Noble reveals the power and magnitude of the key discourses of the Carolingian world during its most dynamic and creative decades.
Frankland : the Franks and the world of the early middle ages : essays in honour of Dame Jinty Nelson
Roman barbarians : the royal court and culture in the early Medieval West
Frankish history : studies in the construction of power
Explanationes symboli aevi carolini
Charlemagne : the formation of a European identity
