http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12683 ecclesiology
ecclesiology
Sacramental presence in a postmodern context
The right to due process in the church : a comparative ecclesiastical approach
Eucharist and church fellowship in the first four centuries
A critical study of Hans Küng's ecclesiology : from traditionalism to modernism
The two folk churches in Finland : The 12th Finnish Lutheran-Orthodox theological discussions 2014
Ecclesiologica & alia : studia in honorem Sven-Erik Brodd
Critical issues in ecclesiology : essays in honor of Carl E. Braaten
Living holiness : Stanley Hauerwas and the church
The growth of the true church : an analysis of the ecclesiology of church growth theory
Origeniana decima : Origen as writer : papers of the 10th International Origen Congress, University School of Philosophy and Education "Ignatianum", Kraków, Poland, 31 August-4 September 2009
Mysterium ecclesiae : images of the Church and its members in Origen
Holy Trinity, perfect community
Christian community in history : Ecclesial existence. Volume 3
The communion of saints : a dogmatic inquiry into the sociology of the church
The second reformation : reshaping the church for the twenty-first century
The Bible as word of God
Total church life
Challenging the widespread classification of evangelical theologian Balthasar Hubmaier (1480-1528) as a Schleitheim-adhering Anabaptist, this book argues that Hubmaier should instead be understood as a bridge between the Radical and Magisterial branches of the Reformation and provides for a deeper understanding of one of the 16th century's most creative and sophisticated thinkers.
John Henry Newman is often described as 'the Father of the Second Vatican Council'. He anticipated most of the Council's major documents, as well as being an inspiration to the theologians who were behind them. His writings offer an illuminating commentary both on the teachings of the Council and the way these have been implemented and interpreted in the post-conciliar period. This book is the first sustained attempt to consider what Newman's reaction to Vatican II would have been. As a theologian who on his own admission fought throughout his life against theological liberalism, yet who pioneered many of the themes of the Council in his own day, Newman is best described as a conservative radical who cannot be classed simply as either a conservative or liberal Catholic. At the time of the First Vatican Council, Newman adumbrated in his private letters a mini-theology of Councils, which casts much light on Vatican II and its aftermath. The leading Newman scholar, Ian Ker, argues that Newman would have greatly welcomed the reforms of the Council, but would have seen them in the light of his theory of doctrinal development, insisting that they must certainly be understood as changes but changes in continuity rather than discontinuity with the Church's tradition and past teachings. He would therefore have endorsed the so-called 'hermeneutic of reform in continuity' in regard to Vatican II, a hermeneutic first formulated by Pope Benedict XVI and subsequently confirmed by his successor, Pope Francis, and rejected both 'progressive' and ultra-conservative interpretations of the Council as a revolutionary event. Newman believed that what Councils fail to speak of is of great importance, and so a final chapter considers the kind of evangelization-a topic notably absent from the documents of Vatican II- Newman thought appropriate in the face of secularization.
The nature of the church : a report of the American theological committee of the Continuation committee, World conference on faith and order
Political worship
The mind of the Orthodox church
The nature and mission of the church : a stage on the way to a common statement
Renewal theology. [3], The church, the kingdom and last things
"Does women's experience matter for theological inquiry? Elizabeth Johnson's premise is that it does ... Knowing God by name is a critical assessment and evaluation of this approach, bringing Johnson into conversation with Catholic and feminist colleagues and with Karl Barth, whose Trinitarian theology of experience maintains the divine-creaturely distinction she challenges."--P. [4], cover.
Ecclesiology in context
The principle of authority in relation to certainty, sanctity and society
On being a disciple of the crucified Nazarene : unpublished lectures and sermons
Communio and dialogue : a report from the consultation on ecumenical dialogues, Venice, 24-28 September 1991
On the way to visible unity, Meissen, 1988 : relations between the Church of England, the Federation of the Evangelical Churches in the German Democratic Republic and the Evangelical Church in Germany in the Federal Republic of Germany
Calvin and the independence of the church
The royal priesthood : essays ecclesiological and ecumenical
Standing responsibly between silence and speech : religion and revelation in the thought of Dietrich Bonhoeffer and René Girard
Models of the church
Mother church : ecclesiology and ecumenism
Christus sacerdos in the preaching of St. Augustine : Christ and Christian identity
The filioque impasse : patristic roots
Studia patristica. Vol. LI, Including papers presented at the Conference 'The image of the perfect Christian in patristic thought' at the Ukrainian Catholic University in Lviv, Ukraine, under Taras Khomych, Oleksandra Vakula and Oleh Kindiy in 2009
Marriage as the arena of salvation : an ecclesiological study of the marital regulation in the canons of the Council in Trullo
Holy people : a liturgical ecclesiology
Called to communion : understanding the Church today
Systematic theology. Vol. 4, Ecclesiology - Eschatology
Christ, history, and apocalyptic : the politicians of Christian mission
The church as nation : a study in ecclesiology and nationhood
Augustine's early theology of the church : emergence and implications, 386-391
Divine revelation and human practice : responsive and imaginative participation
The Orthodox Church : an introduction to its history, doctrine and spiritual culture
Rethinking the beloved community : ecclesiology, hermeneutics, social theory
Knowing God by name : a conversation between Elizabeth A. Johnson and Karl Barth / Cherith Fee Nordling
The ecclesiology of Stanley Hauerwas : a Christian theology of liberation
Koinonia and the quest for an ecumenical ecclesiology : from foundations through dialogue to symbolic competence for communionality
Understanding the gift of communion : the Quest for a shared self-understanding of the Lutheran Communion : a reader
Herman Speelman deals with a central question in the intellectual history of the sixteenth century: to what extent can Calvin be regarded as responsible for the tendency in Calvinism or, broader, in Reformed Protestantism, to form a church which has its own ecclesiastical organization and office bearers? So far, claiming a great deal of independence for the church has been considered an important aspect of Calvin's legacy. In this line of reasoning, it is assumed that Calvin was a strong opponent of the church as a state organization that did not have its own governing body and power of excommunication. To better understand this issue, we first examine the position of the church within the city-state of Bern. Secondly, we direct our attention to the manner in which Calvin gave form to ecclesiastical life in Geneva. Next we deal with the church in France, and finally, we examine the influence of Calvin and French Calvinism on the organization of the Reformed church in The Netherlands in the 1570s.
The Orthodox Church
The Northern Europe book of discipline of the United Methodist Church 2005.
Orthodoxy and the Roman papacy : Ut Unum Sint and the prospects of East-West unity
The voice of conscience : the church in the mind of Martin Luther King, Jr
The nature and purpose of the church : a stage on the way to a common statement
The Orthodox liturgy : the development of the eucharistic liturgy in the Byzantine rite
Lectures on Orthodox ecclesiology. Volume 1
The Pope of Rome and the popes of the Oriental orthodox church : an essay on monarchy in the church, with special reference to Russia, from original documents, Russian and Greek
Canon law as ministry : freedom and good order for the church
Receiving "The nature and mission of the church" : ecclesial reality and ecumenical horizons for the twenty-first century
Christian community in history : Historical ecclesiology. Volume 1
What is the relationship of the church to theology? How does the church relate to the work of creative theological authorship, particularly when authors propose novel claims? The author takes up these challenging and provocative questions and argues for a fresh ecclesiology of the church as event, specifically as a diffusively spatialized event. Establishing this claim through the fascinating historical encounters between thinkers like Thomas More and William Tyndale, John Henry Newman and Friedrich Schleiermacher, Between Magisterium and Marketplace provides a theological genealogy of modern ecclesiology, arguing that modern and contemporary ecclesiology is a theological contest not between Barth and Schleiermacher, but rather Newman and Schleiermacher. Constructing an alternative path, Saler turns to the work of a diverse array of authors past and present to argue for a humble yet hopeful view of the theological task in light of contemporary ecclesial opportunities.
The motherhood of the Church : followed by Particular churches in the universal Church and an interview conducted by Gwendoline Jarczyk
De ecclesia : the constitution on the Church of Vatican Council II : proclaimed by Pope Paul VI November 21, 1964
People of God
Dictionary of ecclesiastical terms
After our likeness : the Church as image of the trinity
Theological commonplaces. [XXV], On the church
Friendship : exploring its implications for the church in postmodernity
The presence of Christ in Church and world : dialogue between the World Alliance of Reformed Churches and the Secretariat for Promoting Christian Unity 1970-77
Biblical foundations for Baptist churches : a contemporary ecclesiology
Theology for the community of God
Augustine of Hippo : the role of the laity in ecclesial reconciliation
In the aftermath of Vatican II, questions concerning due process were not among the main issues debated in canon law. Other topics dominated, including participation, the status of lay people, collegiality. Marriage was a covenant, not a contract. The Church was a community, not an institution. A plea for a more prominent role of canon law was perceived as a lack of true pastoral spirit. Theologians often argued that the Church had to offer more than just law, while it used to be less. Today, the situation changed, though not completely, and at times with a lot of reluctance. This book offers various contributions on due process: the functioning of the Apostolic Signatura and other tribunals within the Roman Catholic Church; an historical overview of due process, covering the evolution over many centuries; the Anglican ideas, norms and traditions; the Reformed perspective. A final address by professor Rik Torfs contributes to the scientific development of church law, and offers practical suggestions to the ecclesial world. --From the Introduction.
Newman on Vatican II
Two important events this year make it clear that ecclesiology still deserves a prominent place on the theological agenda. Pope Francis announced the creation of a council of cardinals to assist him in governing the world-wide Catholic Church. During the next assembly of the World Council of Churches the long awaited Faith & Order statement on The Church: Towards a Common Vision will be officially received. In this volume more than 40 authors (among whom well-known theologians such as André Birmelé, William Cavanaugh, Michael Fahey, Bradford Hinze, Veli-Matti Kärkkäinen, Paul Murray, Bernard Prusak, Ioan Sauca, Myriam Wijlens, Susan Wood and many others) engage in an ecumenical reflection on the Church, focusing on four major themes. The book starts with several essays by authors representing different fields in the humanities dealing – often from a postmodern perspective – with 'Community, Individualization, Belonging'. The second part of the book, 'Strengthening Roman Catholic Ecclesiology', offers reflections on important topics such as the sinfulness of the Church, the sacramentality of the Church, lay ministries, theologians and the magisterium, to end with contributions on eschatological ecclesiology and the link between ecclesiology and the Catholic Church in dialogue with people of other faiths. In the next part Protestant and Orthodox scholars offer contributions to the renewal of their own ecclesiologies. In the final and longest part of the volume the reader is provided with 'Reflections on the Future of the Ecumenical Dialogue'.
The apostolic imperative : nature and aim of the Church's mission and ministry
John Calvin's ecclesiology : ecumenical perspectives
Introducing feminist ecclesiology
Can these bones live? : a Catholic Baptist engagement with ecclesiology, hermeneutics, and social theory
The book of discipline of the United Methodist Church in Nothern Europe 2001.
On the church : select letters
The formation of the Early Church
Church : the human story of God
Believing in community : ecumenical reflections on the Church
Breakthrough : the emergence of the ecumenical tradition
Communion ecclesiology : vision and versions
The Divine Trinity
In pursuit of purity, unity, and liberty : Richard Baxter's Puritan ecclesiology in its seventeenth-century context
This book is written as a resource for scholars and students of Anabaptism and Hubmaier studies. Balthasar Hubmaier understood the church to be a visible assembly of regenerated baptized saints, who both memorized Christ's suffering on the cross in the ordinance of the Lord's Supper, and who participated in that suffering as a church under the cross. Hubmaier's doctrine of the church seems to have many parallels both in medieval and sixteenth-century Anabaptist ecclesiology; but it cannot be solidly placed in either category. -- Review: Mabry's treatise provides a valuable introduction to Hubmaier's ecclesiology... Seminary Studies ...there are a number of insights that Mabry brings to the readers' attention that are helpful...Anyone, student or mature scholar can benefit from a careful reading of this thoughtful work. Southwestern Journal Of Theology ...there are a number of insights that Mabry brings to the readers' attention that are helpful...Anyone, student or mature scholar can benefit from a careful reading of this thoughtful work. Southwestern Journal Of Theology Mabry's treatise provides a valuable introduction to Hubmaier's ecclesiology... Seminary Studies
Base communities : an introduction
On the church : select treatises
Between magisterium and marketplace : a constructive account of theology and the church
The orthodox dilemma : personal reflections on global pan-orthodox christian conciliar unity
Ascension and ecclesia : on the significance of the doctrine of the ascension for ecclesiology and Christian cosmology
Believing in the Church : the corporate nature of faith : a report by the doctrine commission of the Church of England
The practices of a healthy church : biblical strategies for vibrant church life and ministry
A central European synthesis of radical and magisterial reform : the sacremental theology of Balthasar Hubmaier
The church and the churches : toward an ecumenical ecclesiology
Being as communion : studies in personhood and the Church
The faith of the Christian church
The church in the movement of the Spirit
New wine : the challenge of the emerging ecclesiologies to Church renewal : the papers and findings of the WARC consultation and Women's Pre-Conference 18 to 23 October 1993, The Theological University, Kampen, The Netherlands
In a culture dominated by the individualistic values of political and social liberalism, Gary Badcock says that we seldom hear of the church as the creature of the Word of God. The church has been entrusted to us by God and belongs to the structure of the Christian faith itself. Ecclesiology is first of all theology because it is primarily about the presence of God, Badcock maintains, and is thus biblical and creedal (one, holy, catholic, and apostolic) something that we believe which is what undergirds its empirical, sociological, and even pastoral function. Rather than a hollow shell where humans dream moral dreams and do good deeds, the church is the house where God lives.
The church and its ministry
Lumen Gentium, Vatican II's Dogmatic Constitution on the Church, changed how the church thinks about the laity, holiness, baptism, and even the nature and purpose of the church itself. In A Council That Will Never End, the highly regarded ecclesiologist Paul Lakeland marks the fiftieth anniversary of this document's promulgation by taking up three major themes of the constitution, analyzing the text, and identifying some of the questions with which it leaves us. These themes are the role of the bishop in the church and the ways Lumen Gentium's teaching relates to various tensions in today's church, the laity and in particular the mixed blessing of describing them in the category of "secularity", and the relationships between the church and the people of God and what they tell us about the ways in which all people are offered salvation. Lakeland is convinced that Lumen Gentium leaves much unfinished business (as any historical document must), that attending to it will take us beyond much of the now sterile ecclesial divisions, and that the ecclesiology of humility it implies marks the way that theology must guide the church in the years ahead.
Ecclesiastical office and the primacy of Rome : an evaluation of recent theological discussion of First Clement
Balthasar Hubmaier's doctrine of the Church
Unbaptized God : the basic flaw in ecumenical theology
Church of Churches : the ecclesiology of communion
The annotated Luther. Volume 3, Church and sacraments
Knowing the triune God : the work of the Spirit in the practices of the church
Set my people free : a lay challenge to the churches
The Church, community and salvation : an ecumenical ecclesiology
The search for the Christian doctrine of God : the Arian controversy, 318-381
The house where God lives : renewing the doctrine of the church for today
The church in the theology of the reformers
The "other" is my neighbour : developing an ecumenical response to migration
Church in the making : an apophatic ecclesiology of consubstantiality
Christian contradictions : the structures of Lutheran and Catholic thought
Word, image, and experience : dynamics of miracle and self-perception in sixth-century Gaul
Vatican II
Where two or three are gathered : Christian families as domestic churches
The fulness of Christ : the church's growth into catholicity
After Vatican II : trajectories and hermeneutics
Heretics and heresies in the ancient church and in Eastern Christianity : studies in honour of Adelbert Davids
Lectures on Orthodox ecclesiology. Volume 2
The essence of the church : a community created by the Spirit
Father Georges Florovsky on ecumenism
Church, kingdom, world : the church as mystery and prophetic sign
A council that will never end : Lumen gentium and the church today
Ecumenism of the possible : witness, theology and the future Church. The Riverdale report and presentations and documents of the National Consultation on Ecclesiology
Walking in the same direction : a new way of being church
The concept of the believers' church : addresses from the 1967 Louisville conference
Christian community in history : Comparative ecclesiology. Volume 2
Toward a pneumatological theology : pentecostal and ecumenical perspectives on ecclesiology, soteriology, and theology of mission
The Trinity and ecumenical church thought : the church-event
Treasure in earthen vessels : the church as a human community
The real church : an ecclesiology of the visible
Prophecy in the church : the vision of Yves Congar
The ministries of Christian worship
Orthodox perspectives on mission
Theological investigations. 2, Man in the church
On the way to fuller Koinonia : official report of the fifth World Conference on Faith and Order
The ecclesiological renovation of Vatican II : an Orthodox examination of Rome's ecumenical theology regarding baptism and the Church
A glossary of liturgical and ecclesiastical terms : with numeros illustrations on wood
Church, ministry, and sacraments in the New Testament
The church as communion : Lutheran contributions to ecclesiology
Communion of the Saints : foundation, nature, and structure of the church
Introduction to ecclesiology : ecumenical, historical & global perspectives
The identity of Anglicanism : essentials of Anglican ecclesiology
Comparative ecclesiology : critical investigations
... and your neighbour as yourself : seven studies exploring what means to be the local Church in action
Spiritual exegesis and the church in the theology of Henri de Lubac
Mystery unveiled : the crisis of the Trinity in early modern England
The Church of the Holy Spirit
God the future of man
National religion and the prayer book controversy
The Gospel and the ambiguity of the Church
Images of the church in the New Testament
The church we believe in : one, holy, catholic and apostolic
Panheresy of ecumenism
A companion to reformed orthodoxy
This study considers two significant but seemingly unrelated ecclesiological discussions: 1) the hotly debated claim that the universal church is «ontologically prior», and 2) the rediscovery of «reception» as an ecclesiological reality. Part one offers a through status quaestionis for both discussions, identifying their contributions and their shortcomings. Part two turns to Scriptures, Tradition, and the Magisterium in an exploration of the ecclesiological reality of «reception» as a solution to the ontological-priority debate. When we consider the ecclesial reception of the Word and the Eucharistic, a consistent threefold dynamic emerges: 1) our being received into Christ's body; 2) our receiving fullness in and through that body; 3) our mutual reception of each other as members of Christ. While all three dimensions occur simultaneously, it is our being received into Christ's risen flesh that causes all other acts of reception, regardless of how «active» they are. Part three presents a theological and philosophical synthesis, suggesting a new direction to both contemporary discussions, and concluding with a consideration of the relevance of this study to other themes such as the reception of councils (including Vatican II), the Petrine ministry, the College of Bishop, the sensus fidelium, evangelization, inculturation, and ecumenism.
The ecclesiological reality of reception considered as a solution to the debate over the ontological priority of the universal Church
The church as family : African ecclesiology in its social context
What does it mean to believe in the church? What is the relationship between the church we believe in and the church we experience? Is there an invisible church that is different from the visible? This book is an argument for an ecclesiology of the visible. The only church, the real church, is a concrete reality made up of people, just like any other fellowship. What distinguishes it as church is the presence of the triune God among those who gather in the name of Jesus, making it a sign and anticipation of the fellowship of the kingdom of God. From this premise Dr. Hegstad analyzes such issues as the relationship between church and world, mission and diakonia, church as fellowship and organization, ministries in the church, worship, and the unity of the church, as well as discussing the relationship between a sociological and a theological understanding of the church.
Marks of the body of Christ
Evangelical theological perspectives on post-Vatican II Roman Catholicism
At once a comprehensive study of Eastern Orthodoxy - its historical development and theology - "The Orthodox Church" is also an engaging assessment of Orthodoxy's political role in today's secularized Western world. Scholarly, timely, and always thought provoking, "The Orthodox Church" provides Orthodoxy with the long-awaited voice to engage in a meaningful dialog with contemporary Western culture. This is a major new full length study of the Orthodox Church written by one of the leading Orthodox historians and theologians of the English-speaking world.It is the most comprehensive and up-to-date account of the Orthodox Church available, providing a detailed account of its historical development, as well as exploring Orthodox theology and culture. It offers an in-depth engagement with the issues surrounding Orthodoxy's relationship to the modern world, including political, cultural and ethical debates. It considers the belief tradition, spirituality, liturgical diversity, and Biblical heritage of the Eastern Churches; their endurance of oppressions and totalitarianisms; and their contemporary need to rediscover their voice and confidence in a new world-order.
Church and religious 'other'
The Orthodox Church : an introduction to its history, doctrine, and spiritual culture
Revelation, the religions, and violence
Visible church, visible unity : ecumenical ecclesiology and "the great tradition of the church"
John Donne's doctrine of the church
Johannine ecclesiology
Christian community now : ecclesiological investigations
The Ratzinger report : an exclusive interview on the state of the Church
John Wesley and the coming comprehensive Church
