http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12622 transparency
transparency
Open to the public : evaluation in the public arena
Translucent materials : glass, synthetic materials, metal
A way of seeing corporate sustainability reporting
Open government data: legal, economical, and semantic web aspects
Value co-creation through transparent buyer-supplier relationships : a case study in the supply network of industrial machinery manufacturer
Corporate bond market efficiency : A comparison between the Finnish corporate bond market and the Norwegian corporate bond market
Abstract.
Social media in the public sector field guide : designing and implementing strategies and policies
What can the Finnish food chain be proud of? Views on value added factors in the Finnish food chain.
"Which SUVs are most likely to roll over? What cities have the unhealthiest drinking water? Which factories are the most dangerous polluters? What cereals are most nutritious? In recent decades, governments have sought to provide answers to such critical questions through public disclosure to force manufacturers, water authorities, and others to improve their products and practices. Corporate financial disclosure, nutritional labels, and school report cards are examples of such targeted transparency policies. At best, they create a light-handed approach to governance that improves markets, enriches public disclosure, and empowers citizens. But such policies are frequently ineffective or counterproductive. Using an analysis of eighteen U.S. and international policies, Full Disclosure shows that the information provided is often incomplete, incomprehensible, or irrelevant to consumers, investors, workers, and community residents. To be successful, transparency policies must be accurate, must keep ahead of disclosers' efforts to find loopholes, and, above all, must focus on the needs of ordinary citizens."--Jacket.
The paradox of openness : transparency and participation in nordic cultures of consensus
Codes of ethics in the age of sponsored content
Every cloud has a silver lining shaped as a bullet : problematizing the common towards a new synthesis
We introduce a model of price competition with endogenous market transparency, where it is costly for consumers to get informed about the announced prices. We show that there is symmetric mixed strategy equilibrium with a monotonic relationship between the degree of transparency and intensity of competition. Interestingly, we find that there exist multiple equilibria with zero, low and high levels of market transparency with the high level of market transparency being the stable equilibrium. Once comparing the stable equilibrium with the welfare maximizing one we find that the private market solution entails excessive investments in information acquisition. That is, at high levels of transparency the gain of consumers from increased transparency is smaller than the loss in the firms' profits leading to decrease in total welfare.
Dressed for politics : why increasing transparency in the European Union will not make lobbyists behave any better than they already do
Essays on corporate governance and the quality of disclosed earnings : across transitional Europe
Full disclosure : the perils and promise of transparency
Transparency and conspiracy : ethnographies of suspicion in the new world order
Mountain movers : mining, sustainability and the agents of change
Reinventing financial services : what consumers expect from future banks and insurers
Natural resource governance and EITI implementation in Nigeria
Understanding business ethics
Transparency or high risks?
The naked corporation : how the age of transparency will revolutionize business
The internet of products : an approach to establishing total transparency in electronic markets
The right to know : transparency for an open world
Responsible hospitality : theory and practice
Open government : [collaboration, transparency, and participation in practice]
"Transparency is a powerful attribute in design, carrying a personality that can be as glaring as hues. It extends and limits vision, spawns a sense of presence and absence and conceals and reveals content, luring viewers into exploring what lies beneath and beyond. Whether it is a tangible element or a conceptual idea that deceives the eyes, it is this beguiling layer that can make all the difference. As the latest addition to the well-loved colour-themed collection PALETTE, PALETTE No.6: Transparent kicks off the new cycle of design practice where visibility is called into question. In three sections sorted by opacity, transparency and then everything in between, this book unveils the mutable visual experiences of transparency and how they can be achieved through the inventive use of materials, paper and printing. Encompassing brand identities, product packaging, photography as well as installations, the 110 select works demonstrate how transparency is interpreted anew in design"--Publisher's description.
Summary
Lake Taihu, China : dynamics and environmental change
Memory and narrative in three Vladimir Nabokov novels: Lolita; Laughter in the dark and Transparent things
Transparent hemicellulose-DWCNT electrode
The 3 power values : how commitment, integrity, and transparency clear the roadblocks to performance
The transparent body : a cultural analysis of medical imaging
New media - new norms : transparency in Finnish online journalism
The ValueReporting revolution : moving beyond the earnings game
Helcom Eutro : development of tools for a thematic eutrophication assessment for two Baltic Sea sub-regions, the Gulf of Finland and the Bothnian Bay
Transparency in textiles
Reinventing Nordic openness : transparency and state information in Finland
The Extractive Industries Transparency Initiative (EITI) in Cameroon : realities and prospects
Taking advantage of institutional possibilities and network opportunities : analyzing Swedish strategic action in EU negotiations
The degree of transparency in the Finnish real estate market compared to Sweden and UK
Lean Six Sigma Method Applied for Increasing Transparency : Case: Company X Optimizing the Repairing Process in the Production Line
This paper is an overview on the Open Government Data (OGD) environment in the EU. It aims to point out the relevant legal issues together with the economic aspects arising from the disclosure and exploitation of OGD. Therefore, the paper highlights the noteworthy technological aspects related with the opening of OGD datasets. This survey is based on an interdisciplinary approach. Interdisciplinarity in the digital environment means that OGD should be considered as an integrated, interoperable and collaborative ecosystem. The main legislative source taken into account for the survey is the Directive 2003/98/EC on the re-use of public sector information as recently amended by the Directive 37/2013/EU..
In their Natural Resource Governance and EITI Implementation in Nigeria, Musa Abutudu and Dauda Garuba provide the most up-to-date and in-depth analysis of the Nigerian Extractive Industries Transparency Initiative (NEITI), providing a balanced yet critical evaluation of its performance, limitations and potential as an institution for helping Africa's largest oil exporter to escape the so called resource curse and lay a firm basis for sustainable development. This Current African Issue contains valuable insights and information that will be of interest to all those with a keen interest in institutionalising transparency and accountability in natural resource governance in Africa.
The market for learning : leading transparent higher education
Transparency of vocational qualifications : the Leonardo da Vinci approach
The transparency of the banking industry and the efficiency of information-based bank runs
Leadership in the open : a new paradigm in emergency management
Transparency of interest intermediation in the European Parliament : a case study on REACH
Studies of satellite-based tracking systems for improving law enforcement : comprising investigation data, digital evidence and monitoring of legality
The illusion of accountability in the European Union
Beyond branding
Government transparency: impacts and unintended consequences
Cannibals with forks : the triple bottom line of 21st century business
Accountability, parliamentarism and transparency in the EU : the role of national parliaments
What is transparency?
Simpler : the future of government
Promoting further openess and transparency in military matters : an assessment of the United Nations star[n]dardized instrument for reporting military expenditures
Silent democracy, noisy media
Endogenous market transparency and price competition
Transdisciplinarity : recreating integrated knowledge
Challenging textiles : a study of self-supporting and translucent upholstery in the field of contract textiles
Distributed leadership and the visibility/invisibility paradox in on-line communities
The limits of transparency : ambiguity and the history of international finance
Transparency and accountability in science and politics : the awareness principle
Social media in the public sector : a guide to participation, collaboration, and transparency in the networked world
Ethical minimum or ethical maximum? : study on public service ethics from the perspectives of justice, ethos and transparency in Finnish public administration
Finding the money : public accountability and service efficiency through fiscal transparency
Media accountability is back on the political agenda. Debates about the phone-hacking scandal at Rupert Murdoch's News of the World have shown that the need for free and responsible journalism is more pressing than ever. Opinions, however, differ on the measures that need to be taken. Do existing structures of media accountability - such as press councils, codes of ethics, and ombudspersons - suffice, or do we urgently need new instruments and initiatives in today's converging media world? These questions were tackled in an international survey of 1,800 journalists in twelve European and two Arab states conducted by the EU-funded research project, Media Accountability and Transparency in Europe (MediaAct). The results provide a solid empirical basis for the discussions taking place. This book advances research on media accountability and transparency, and also offers innovative perspectives for newsrooms, media policy-makers, and journalism educators. Its systematic comparative design makes it an unprecedented venture in international journalism studies.
Transparency in politics and the media : accountability and open government
Beyond branding : how the new values of transparency and integrity are changing the world of brands
The analytics journey : from data to information to knowledge-based management
Transparency in development communication
When to use collaborative planning, forecasting and replenishment (CPFR) in retailing
Birch hemicellulose
WikiLeaks and the age of transparency
Magic wand or Pandora's box : how transparency in decision making affects public perceptions of legitimacy
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Journalists and media accountability : an international study of news people in the digital age
The new ethics of journalism : principles for the 21st century
Transparent and conducting thin film materials
Transparency and tacit collusion in a differentiated market
