http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12621 economic life
economic life
The economic development of communist China 1949-1958
The British economy
Collected economic papers. Vol. 3.
The problem of international economic equilibrium
The new geography of capitalism : firms, finance, and society
Republic of Finland : an economic outline : November 1983
Large-scale economic change such as the rise of coinage occurred during the Persian-dominated centuries (6th-4th centuries BCE) in the Eastern Mediterranean and ancient Near East. How do the biblical texts of the time respond to such developments? In this study, Peter Altmann lays out foundational economic conceptions from the ancient Near East and earlier biblical traditions in order to show how Persian-period biblical texts build on these traditions to address the challenges of their day. Economic issues are central for how Ezra and Nehemiah approach the topics of temple building and of Judean self-understanding, and economics are also important for other Persian-period texts. Following significant interaction with the material culture and extra-biblical texts, the author devotes special attention to the ascendancy of economics and its theological and identity implications as structuring metaphors for divine action and human community in the Persian period.- book flap
New modes of globalizing : experimentalist forms of economic organization and enabling welfare institutions : lessons from the Nordic countries and Slovenia
Czechoslovakia : the bureaucratic economy
Business life in pursuit of economic and political advantages in early-nineteenth-century Finland
Germany and freedom : a personal appraisal
The European Union : economics, policies and history
Economic planning in France
"Summer in Space 2014" : Digital business development course
Women and rural development in China : production and reproduction
Brazil : the troubled rise of a global power
Urban industries : Helsinki and the Helsinki region
Global tilt : leading your business through the great economic power shift
Europe in figures : Eurostat yearbook ..
Health economics and outcome studies on type 2 diabetes education and screening in a Chinese population
Europe in figures : Eurostat yearbook
Vietnam : transition to market economy
The political economy of new and old industrial countries
Handbook of labor economics. Vol. 4A
The full catastrophe : travels among the new Greek ruins
Consumer behaviour : a European perspective
Economics in Persian-period biblical texts : their interactions with economic developments in the Persian period and earlier biblical traditions
Trump : the art of the deal
Development of Finno-Korean politico-economic relations
Suomen tilastollinen vuosikirja 2005 = Statistisk årsbok för Finland 2005 = Statistical yearbook of Finland 2005.
The ethics of liberty
Consumption in rural Bangladesh : households, lifestyles, and identities
International business : the new realities
Germany under direct controls : economic aspects of industrial disarmament 1945-1948
After America : get ready for armageddon
Some aspects of economic development
Carver
American financial crisis and its impact to Shanghai people in 2007-2008
Shaping the world economy : suggestions for an international economic policy
Seven elements that have changed the world
Economic development in perspective
Finlandia : a special issue
The Chinese economy
Big agenda : President Trump's Plan to Save America
The great disruption : how the climate crisis will transform the global economy
Economics for dummies
Thirty years since the opening-up in China : changes in growth mode, structure and system
Perestroika as seen by an economist
Domestic labour relations in India : Vulnerability and gendered life courses in Jaipur
Digest of the Netherlands. 2, Finance and economy
The political economy of publicly provided private goods
Japanese economic growth : trend acceleration in the twentieth century
Supercrash : how to hijack the global economy
Economic trends in the Soviet Union
How the economy works : confidence, crashes and self-fulfilling prophecies
The economist : Vantaa
A brief history of the future  : a brave and controversial look at the twenty-first century
Transforming an economy while building a nation : the case of Estonia
Facts about Slovenia
From formal employment to street vending : women's room to maneuver and labor market decisions under conditions of export-orientation - the case Penang, Malaysia
Comparative economic systems
Belgium as a small open economy in the core of Europe
Brazillionaires : the godfathers of modern Brazil
This paper considers the reasons for increasing the interest of Russian leaders in improving the investment climate in Russia. The paper shows that this change in economic policy is connected not only to the natural rent decline but also reflects the search of the ruling coalition for a new social base represented by successful medium-sized business. These new trends can be interpreted in terms of the "limited access order" concept developed in the recent works of Douglass North and his co-authors.  Keywords: Russian transition economy, rents, bureaucracy, large and medium-sized business, response to the crises, investment climate  .
China's road to development in a global perspective
Living standards and changing expectations : investigating domestic necessity and environmental sustainability in an affluent society
What new tools and models are enriching labor economics? "Developments in Research Methods and their Application" (volume 4A) summarizes recent advances in the ways economists study wages, employment, and labor markets. Mixing conceptual models and empirical work, contributors cover subjects as diverse as field and laboratory experiments, program evaluation, and behavioral models. The combinations of these improved empirical findings with new models reveal how labor economists are developing new and innovative ways to measure key parameters and test important hypotheses. This title investigates recent advances in methods and models used in labor economics. It demonstrates what these new tools and techniques can accomplish. It documents how conceptual models and empirical work explain important practical issues.
Buffett : the making of an American capitalist
Money : master the game : 7 simple steps to financial freedom
What if Latin America ruled the world? : how the South will take the North into the 22nd century
Superclass : how the rich ruined our world
International business-society management : linking corporate responsibility and globalization
Accounting and finance : an introduction
Training professionals for the global marketplace : cross-evaluation report of the degree programme in international business
Western enterprise in Indonesia and Malaya : a study in economic development
Competitiveness and urban economic development policy in information society
Norway : [portrait of a nation]
What factors affect the ways individuals participate in labor markets? "New Developments and Research on Labor Markets" (volume 4B) proposes answers to this and other questions on important topics of public policy. Leading labor economists demonstrate how better data and advanced experiments help them apply economic theory, yielding sharper analyses and conclusions. The combinations of these improved empirical findings with new models enable the authors of these chapters to reveal how labor economists are developing new and innovative ways to measure key parameters and test important hypotheses. This title concentrates on empirical research in specific labor markets, including those defined by age, gender, and race. It reveals how questions and answers about these markets have changed and how models measure them. It documents how conceptual models and empirical work explain important practical issues.
An econometric analysis of time use in Finnish households
Economic cooperation in Latin America, Africa, and Asia : a handbook of documents
China's search for economic growth : the Chinese economy since 1949 : essays
Asymmetric news effects on volatility : good vs. bad news in good vs. bad times
The birth of Korean cool : how one nation is conquering the world through pop culture
Italy : a study in economic development
OECD economic surveys : Finland
Collected economic papers. 3.
Diploma of Higher Education : Competence modules for everyone
"In 'The Woman's Place is in the Boardroom' the authors put the business case for more women on company boards. In the next book they explained how to acheive it. Here the authors discuss the role women directors can play in the reform of corporate governance systems following recent financial, crises in leadership, governance and the economy"--
Stuff matters : genius, risk and the secret of capitalism
The third century : America's resurgence in the Asian era
Risk Assessment Procedures In Audit Planning : The case of Mazars Vietnam Co., Ltd
Aftershock : protect yourself and profit in the next global financial meltdown
Collected economic papers. 1
A demoeconometric model of Poland and its application to counterfactual simulations
Decay time : a Wall Street murder and morality tale
The age of discontinuity : guidelines to our changing society
Focus on Finland
The economic foundations of fascism
The snowball : Warren Buffett and the business of life
French economic and technical bulletin
An Evaluation of the Effect of Merger and Acquisition on the Performance of Nigeria Banking Sector : Case: United Bank of Africa, PLC
Handbook of labor economics. Vol. 4B
The economy of British America, 1607-1789, with supplementary bibliography
Tourism of tomorrow : travel trends and forces of change
The third revolution : creating unprecedented wealth and happiness for eneryone in the new millennium
Law and economics : report from a symposium in Lund, Sweden, 24-26 August 1977
Finlandia : a special issue published in connection with the First Finnish International Trade Fair to be held in Helsinki from 21st to 30th September, 1962.
South America, Central America and the Caribbean 1995.
Women and the new business leadership
The international economy
Sectoral aspects of projections for the world economy. Vol. 1, Report of the seminar
Business brief: Britain
Indian economy since independence
Twenty-five years of economic development 1950 to 1975
The armchair economist   : economics and everyday life
Do the catholic and protestant countries differ by their tax morale?
The economic world balance
The economic development of China and Japan : studies in economic history and political economy
Sininen kirja. 26 : 1 : Toimialaosa = Branschregister = Branch section
The restructuring of Romania's economy : a paradigm of flexibility and adaptability
The Finland year book. 1936
Rural China today
Europe and much of the developed world have been bogged down by stagnant economic growth and alarmingly high rates of unemployment. But not Germany. This book reveals seven key aspects of the German economy and society that have provided considerable buoyance in an era of global turbulence.
Lithuania : an opportunity for economic success. Vol. 1, Main report
Internationalization of the Economic Life in Kangasala : SME-internationalization Project : ECOS-Ouverture
Analysis of development problems : studies of the Chilean economy
Economic policy making and business culture : why is Russia so different?
The aftershock : how an economic earthquake is rattling Southeast Asian politics
Finland : the republic farthest North : the response of Finnish life to its geographic environment
Sininen kirja. 28 : 2 : Yritysosa = Företagsregister = Company section
Sweden : the middle way on trial
National economic policy : essays
An outline of American economy
Bicycles : a case study of Indian experience
In defence of the mixed economy
An introduction to South Asia
Finland : facts and figures
This American journey : where to from here?
Interpreting China's economy
Sininen kirja. 29 : 2 : Yritysosa = Företagsregister = Company section
This is Finland
Handbook of research methods on trust
Den of thieves
The impulse society : what's wrong with getting what we want
Beyond the Urals : economic developments in Soviet Asia
Economic development in the Middle East
Macroeconomic reform in China : laying the foundation for a socialist market economy
Health Economics and Outcome Studies on Type 2 Diabetes Education and Screening in a Chinese Population
The Polish Experience of Transition : Accomplishments and Problems : Round Table, held on 7 June 1999 at the Palais des Nations, Geneva, Switzerland : proceedings
Collected economic papers. 3
Social entrepreneurship in practice : the multifaceted nature of social entrepreneurship and the role of the state within an Islamic context
The wealth of nations in two volumes. Volume two
Projects realized in Hungary : some achievements of the last twenty years
Economic reforms in Kazakhstan, Kyrgyz Republic, Tajikistan, Turkmenistan, and Uzbekistan
Dealing with China
An introduction to Nepalese economy
Economic fluctuations and forecasting
Asian drama : an inquiry into the poverty of nations. Vol. 2
Reading the financial pages for dummies
Working life correspondence of the curriculum in the Degree Programme in Facility Management
Business adventures : twelve classic tales from the world of Wall Street
Business under fire : how Israeli companies are succeeding in the face of terror--and what we can learn from them
Is there a 'new deal' in state-business relations in Russia?
Business and government
The new digital age : reshaping the future of people, nations and business
Staples, markets, and cultural change : selected essays
Andean nations in the making : economic conditions and independencia
The structure of the Slovenian economy 1848-1963
Soviet power : energy resources, production and potentials
Economic democracy : America's answer to socialism and communism : a collection of articles, addresses and papers
A brief history of price
The economies of the Arab world Development since 1945
Future agenda : six challenges for the next decade
Markets and people : the Czech reform experience in a comparative perspective
Asian drama : an inquiry into the poverty of nations. Vol. 1
Beyond competition to association : the economic transformation of Baltic state cities
Re-imagine! : business excellence in a disruptive age
Decisive forces in world economics
Losing control : the emerging threats to Western prosperity
Emergence of the Korean popular culture in the world
Chinese Taipei : the origins of the economic "miracle"
Understanding China's economy
The economist diary : editorial information compiled by the Economist
Business Ethics in Global Economy
Representative government and economic power
When to rob a bank : a rogue economist's guide to the world
Mongolia : Nomad empire of eternal blue sky
In 2012, Brazilian tycoon Eike Batista was the eighth richest man in the world, his $30bn fortune built on Brazil's incredible natural resources. By the middle of 2013 he had lost it all, engulfed in scandal. Brazillionaires is a fast-paced account of Batista's rise and fall, and of the rise and rise of the hyper-rich, not just in Brazil but the world over: a story of helicopter flights, high-speed car crashes and beach-front penthouses. But it is also an investigation into a country apparently poised to become a superpower, yet beset by endemic inequality and corruption. Stefan Zweig said in 1941 that Brazil was the country of the future; Brazilians joke that it always will be. Today, despite recent turmoil, that future seems closer than ever. It is the world's seventh-largest economy, companies like Heinz, Budweiser and Burger King are now controlled by Brazilian investors and Rio de Janeiro is hosting the 2016 Olympics. The brazillionaires have ridden the crest of Brazil's wave of progress; through them Brazillionaires tells the story of their country's past, present and future.
Abstract: Training professionals for the global marketplace. Cross-evaluation report of the degree programme in international business.
The economic development of the third world since 1900
Causes of the 1997 Asian financial crisis : what can an early warning system model tell us?
The world is flat : a brief history of the twenty-first century
Irresponsible talk? Essays on the signification of economic activity.
Finland grows
Finnish business report 1991, no 2
The rise and fall of nations : ten rules of change in the post-crisis world
Sketches of Finland
Gender equality in global value chains and the role of Aid for Trade in promoting gender equality and women’s employment in developing countries
Laos' dilemmas and options : the challenge of economic transition in the 1990s
The blockchain alternative : rethinking macroeconomic policy and economic theory
India : five years of stabilization and reform and the challenges ahead
A Quarterly model of the Finnish economy
Memory lane
The economist : e-lehti
Japan : the paradox of harmony
The seven secrets of Germany : economic resilience in an era of global turbulence
Adapt : why success always starts with failure
Facing diversity : the Evangelical Lutheran Church of Finland from 2004 to 2007
Economic issues of the 1960s
The Liechtenstein economy
Transforming China : globalization, transition, and development
The Lexus and the olive tree
Agriculture in China : prospects for production and trade
Imagining India  : ideas for a new century
Economic development of Latin America : historical background and contemporary problems
Russia 2030 based on contracts
Sininen kirja. 30 : 1 : Toimialaosa = Branschregister = Branch section
For business ethics : a critical approach
Indicators of the finnish society 1996/97
China's creative imperative : how creativity is transforming society and business in China
North Atlantic policy - the agricultural gap
OECD economic surveys : Great Britain. 1986/1987
Ethical business : challenges and controversies
The American economy : its origins, development, and transformation : an introduction to economics
Training professionals for the global marketplace: cross-evaluation report of the degree programme in international business
Economics : an awkward corner
Union Atlantic
