http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12656 tourist guides (occupations)
tourist guides (occupations)
Canary Islands
Tourist guide through Sarajevo
Europe by rail
Managing volunteers in tourism : attractions, destinations and events
Enabling experiences : the role of tour operators and tour leaders in creating and managing package tourism experiences
Sculpture Parks : Art and Nature in Europe : A Guide
Back roads Spain
Medical tourism - benefits and risk : a guide of awareness on undergoing cosmetic procedures abroad
Becoming a tour guide : principles of guiding and site interpretation
Rethinking mass tourism : professional discourses of contemporary mass tourism and destinations
Florence & Tuscany
Introduction to Finland 1960
Community tourism guide : exciting holidays for responsible travellers
Basic strategy in corporate event management : guide for Nigerian event firms
Chambers' guide to London : the secret city
The Oxford guide to literary Britain & Ireland
A heartbroken baker and a charming but womanizing tour guide embark on an experiment to prove their respective gender's quality and trustworthiness while regaining self-respect, only to become the subject of gossip in their small hometown.
The professional guide : dynamics of tour guiding
Abstract (s. 8-9)
Conducting tours
IGU : internordic guide education project report
Land of light and darkness : a comparative study of Finland in travel literature
Sweeter with you
IGU - internordic guide education project report
In search of the sense of Finnish lakes : a geographical approach to lake tourism marketing
Epic bike rides of the world : explore the planet's most thrilling cycling routes
Global alliances in tourism and hospitality management
A guided walking tour in historic Edinburgh : a study of image construction
Discover Great Britain
Great Britain
Contemporary tourism : diversity and change
Nationspeak as a tool in nature tourism work
Eastern Europe
Best of my love
Tour guiding research : insights, issues and implications
Wine Trails : 52 perfect weekends in wine country
"An unsuccessful writer and an inveterate alcoholic, Boris Alikhanov has recently divorced his wife Tatyana, and he is running out of money. The prospect of a summer job as a tour guide at the Pushkin Hills Preserve offers him hope of regaining some balance in life as his wife makes plans to emigrate to the West with their daughter Masha, but during Alikhanov's stay in the rural estate of Mikhaylovskoye, his life continues to unravel. Populated with unforgettable characters-including Alikhanov's fellow guides Mitrofanov and Pototsky, and the KGB officer Belyaev-Pushkin Hills ranks among Dovlatov's renowned works The Suitcase and The Zone as his most personal and poignant portrayal of the Russian attitude towards life and art."--
Perth & West Coast Australia
Lonely planet's best in travel 2017 : The best trends, destinations, journeys and experiences for the year ahead
Vanuatu and New Caledonia
Brittany & Normandy
The art of travel
Tourism, geography and nation-building : the identity-political role of Finnish tourism images
Tourism and national identity : heritage and nationhood in Scotland
A comparative study on winter attractions in Finnish holiday resorts : a case study on Saariselkä, Levi, Ruka and Iso-Syöte
Facts about Finland
Finland: the land of a thousand lakes : a new holiday resort
Africa
Frommer's 500 places to see before they disappear
Lonely Planet's 1000 ultimate adventures
West Africa
Aspects of tourism in Kenya
"On a hill above the River Ouse is the historic town of Lewes. After the Norman Conquest this Saxon burgh and a large estate around it were granted to William de Warenne, Chief Justiciar and subsequently Earl of Surrey. He raised a castle on the highest ground and founded England's first Cluniac priory to the south of the town. Lewes Castle is a motte-and-bailey stronghold with the curious feature of two mottes, one at each end of the oval bailey. Only Lincoln can compare with it. It is assumed - but by no means certain - that the smaller Brack's Mount came first, only to be superseded by the larger motte at the west end which is better placed to command the town. Certainly it is the latter which now has a keep but masonry has been found on Brack's Mount as well, so could it be that for some unknown reason the castle was bipolar?" "The keep crowning the larger motte was a circular shell keep. Only its southern half remains but patches of herringbone masonry suggest an early date, probably no later than the second William de Warenne (d. 1138). The two semi-octagonal flanking towers were added in the late thirteenth century. Much of the curved stretch of curtain between the bailey and the town survives in a ruinous state, again with herringbone masonry. Unfortunately the bailey can no longer be fully appreciated because the town has encroached upon it. A gate tower stood at the foot of the larger motte but only its outer face still stands. In the fourteenth century a short barbican was built in front, terminating in an outer gatehouse which is the best preserved part of the castle. This gatehouse has a machicolated front flanked by circular turrets which project on corbels (one of them has fallen). It was probably built by John, the last of the Warenne earls. On his death in 1347 the Honour of Lewes passed to the Fitzalan earls of Arundel. Lewes Castle fell into decay and the other buildings were ultimately demolished." "Lewes had earthwork defences in Saxon times. The right to collect murage was granted for the building of a stone wall in 1266. Significantly this was just two years after the Battle of Lewes, which overspilled into the town after the royal army had been put to flight. The western part of the town wall can still be followed, but it is quite featureless and obscured in parts by later houses. It begins below the castle keep and continues along Pipe Passage to the High Street. One bastion of the West Gate survives concealed behind a house. The wall continues beside Keere Street to the south-west corner of the old circuit."--BOOK JACKET.
Iceland
Suomi - Finland : holidays in Finland
Well-being at work : case Aurinkomatkat tour guides
Thomas Cook European rail traveller's phrasebook
Gender differencies in job satisfaction and its determinants : case travel guides
Adult active learning in tourism : Italian tourists' learning and tourist guide development in Finnish tourism
Central America on a shoestring
Tourism, guedebooks and the emergence of contemporary tourism in Portugal
Volunteer : a traveller's guide to making a difference around the world
The Paradise guest house : a novel
The art of guiding
Swansea : the official guide to Swansea
The eco-travel handbook : the complete sourcebook for business and pleasure
1000 places to see before you die
Map of Helsinki-Helsingfors
English castles : a guide by counties
Wordsmiths and warriors : the English-language tourist's guide to Britain
Not for tourists : guide to Los Angeles
Frontiers in nature-based tourism : lessons from Finland, Iceland, Norway and Sweden
South America on a shoestring
Venice : Insight Cityguides
IGU - Internordic guide education project report
The complexity of safety in wilderness guiding in Finnish Lapland
Ruukkien retki = Historic ironworks of Finland
