http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12697 ice hockey
ice hockey
The Hockey news : e-lehti
Comparison between 5 on 5 and 4 on 4 playing formats in ice hockey
Impact of Lower Body Muscle  and Joint Flexibility on the Skating Speed of 12-13-Year-Old Junior Ice Hockey Players
The biggest book of talking balls ever!
Comparison of impact characteristics of different ice hockey arena dasher boards
Breakaway : from behind the Iron Curtain to the NHL : the untold story of hockey's great escapes
When the final buzzer sounds : NHL greats share their stories of hardship and triumph : an anthology
Development of ice hockey in Bosnia and Herzegovina
Shooting with a purpose in ice hockey
Motor coordination test as an indicator for skating performance in ice hockey for pre-puberty children
Widely acknowledged as the best hockey book ever written and lauded by Sports Illustrated as one of the Top 10 Sports Books of All Time, The Game is a reflective and thought-provoking look at a life in hockey. Ken Dryden, the former Montreal Canadiens goalie and former president of the Toronto Maple Leafs, captures the essence of the sport and what it means to all hockey fans. He gives vivid and affectionate portraits of the characters--Guy Lafleur, Larry Robinson, Guy Lapointe, Serge Savard, and coach Scotty Bowman among them--who made the Canadiens of the 1970s one of the greatest hockey teams in history. But beyond that, Dryden reflects on life on the road, in the spotlight, and on the ice, offering a rare inside look at the game of hockey and an incredible personal memoir. This commemorative edition marks the 30th anniversary of the book's original publication, and it includes a new foreword by Bill Simmons, new photography, and a new chapter, "The Game Goes On." Take a journey to the heart and soul of the game with this timeless hockey classic.
The Hockey road : from high school to college to pro
Weight training for hockey : the ultimate guide
... Last minute of play : tales of hockey grit and glory
Ghost stories
Ice hockey instructor's guide for EC Dornbirner Bulldogs
Power plays! : hockey tips and trivia
Hockey : the math of the game
Get your head in the game : mental fitness training for hockey coaches
Development of the positional playing skills in different gamesituation roles in ice hockey
Hockey : "turn on" to the world's fastest sport
Developing a Sport Event : Case: Sport U20 Ice Hockey Team
Complete hockey instruction : skills and strategies for coaches and players
TPS junior hockey coach manual
'67: The Maple Leafs, their sensational victory, and the end of an empire
Between the pipes : a revealing look at hockey's legendary goalies
NHL : legacy edition : Xbox 360.
Ice hockey! : the world of the pros
Herb Brooks : the inside story of a hockey mastermind
Psychosocial impact of career-ending injuries in professional ice hockey players : a qualitative study
From hockey’s most prolific fighter comes a sports memoir unlike any other—passionate, funny, and candid, Shift Work chronicles Domi’s sixteen tumultuous seasons in the NHL.  Making it through a single fight as an enforcer in the NHL is a sign of toughness. Making it through 333 of them is a mark of greatness. Whether it was on the ice or off it, Tie Domi was driven to be the best at his job and was gifted with an extraordinary ability to withstand pain. He made a career out of protecting the people around him and became known as someone who would stand up for the people who needed it most.  Raised by immigrant parents in Belle River, Domi found success from an early age on the field and the rink. A gifted athlete in whatever sport he played, Tie eventually focused his sights on hockey. As he moved up the junior ranks, he made a name for himself as a player who was always ready to take on anyone who dared to cross his teammates.  Tie’s reputation followed him into the NHL, and it wasn’t long before he ranked among the game’s most feared—and fearless—enforcers. From New York to Winnipeg to Toronto, Tie quickly became a fan favourite in whatever city he played. As he went about working his name into the record books, Tie surrounded himself with people from every walk of life, learning from each one as he evolved into a respected leader who was never afraid to tell it like it was.  In Shift Work, Tie recounts the ups and downs of his life on and off the ice, showing what he has learned and how he has grown as both a player and a person. He offers insight into the most memorable points of his career, sharing his successes and mistakes with unparalleled honesty. Shift Work shows Tie Domi as he is—a devoted father and friend, a valued and loyal team player, a magnetic personality, and an athlete of immense skill and courage.
99 : Gretzky : his game, his story
Hockey the NHL way. Goaltending
Putting a roof on winter : hockey's rise from sport to spectacle
Ice hockey rules in pictures
Hockey plays and strategies
Mike Smith's hockey playbook
The game
The definitive autobiography from hockey's greatest living legend?? "Mr. Hockey” himself, Gordie Howe. Big, skilled, tough on the ice, and nearly indestructible, Howe dominated both the sport and the record books like no one has before or since. Over an incredible six decades, the Hall of Famer had so many accomplishments that he set the record for the most records by any athlete ever in any sport.
All the way : my life on ice
Ice hockey
Off-Ice Training Handbook for Coaches of G-to-D-Juniors
Coaching hockey : fundamentals, team play and techniques
Hockey  the NHL way: the basics
Scoring in ice hockey : case: scoring analysis of the wsc 2003
Who's better, who's best in hockey? : setting the record straight on the top 50 hockey players of the expansion era
Tough guy : my life on the edge
On the road : an inside view of life with an NHL team
Essex county
THE USA hockey coach : USA hockey coaches fun drill book
Deceptions and doublecross : how the NHL conquered hockey
How hockey explains Canada : the sport that defines a country
Goalie coach course for th IIHF
Goalieworld : valmennus-CD = instruction CD = instruktions-CD
Hockey the NHL way win with defense
Practice evaluation package for on-ice coaching in ice hockey
Russian trade of Urheilu & Kalastus Pallas products
Open ice : reflections and confessions of a hockey lifer
Hockey drill book
Jeremy Roenick, one of the premier hockey players of his generation and one of the greatest American stars the NHL has ever known, shares his life story in this frank and unflinching autobiography. After making his debut as an 18-year-old with the Chicago Blackhawks, Roenick thrilled fans with his flashy style, take-no-prisoners approach, and jaw-dropping skills. A native of Boston, Roenick went on to play for four more franchises-including the Philadelphia Flyers and Los Angeles Kings-during his incredible 18-season career. By the time he was through, Roenick had racked up 513 goals-the secon.
Take your eye off the puck : how to watch hockey by knowing where to look
Hockey drills for passing & receiving
Journeyman : the many triumphs (and even more numerous defeats) of a guy who's seen just about everything in the game of hockey
Defining skill variables between U16 national team and non-national team ice hockey players
The Use of video feedback as a performance analysis coaching tool in amateur level ice hockey
Goal scoring
Into the empty net : tales of big league hockey
The Implications of leg position for wrist shot in junior ice hockey
Power hockey
Hockey coaching ABC's : a program for developing the complete palyer. Book 2 Levers 0-6, basic manual for all coaches - practice cards for beginners to professionals
The best seat in the house : stories from the NHL : inside the room, on the ice and on the bench
Many are called ... few are signed : hard realities of professional hockey
The Secrets of winning hockey
Net worth : exploding the myths of pro hockey
Shift work
Coaching education program for United Arab Emirates ice hockey association  : building the framework and level 1 material
International ice hockey coaching symposium
Hockey Hall of Fame : the official yearbook of the Hockey Hall of Fame
Women's ice hockey in Estonia
The hockey goalie's complete guide : an essential development plan
The Characteristics, risk and efficiency of defensive zone offense in ice hockey
Playing hockey the professional way
Coaching youth hockey
The Golden Jet
Guide for organizing ice hockey events
Helpful hints for hockey coaches
J.R. : my life as the most outspoken, fearless, and hard-hitting man in hockey
It seemed as though nothing could stop Jordin Tootoo on the ice. The captain of Canada's Under-18, a fan favourite on the World Junior squad, and a WHL top prospect who could intimidate both goalies and enforcers, he was always a leader. And when Tootoo was drafted by Nashville in 2000 and made the Predators out of camp in 2003, he became a leader in another way: the first player of Inuk descent to suit up in the NHL. ALL THE WAY tells the story of someone who has travelled far from home to realize a dream, someone who has known glory and cheering crowds, but also the demons of despair.
Implications of puck possession on scoring chances in ice hockey
My last fight : the true story of a hockey rock star
A comparative financial analysis of cross-country skiing and ice hockey
Grant Fuhr : the story of a hockey legend
Business plan for an online store Hockeystore.fi
Marcel Pronovost : a life in hockey
Hockey tough
Hard-core hockey : essential skills, strategies and systems from the sport's top coaches
Hockey abstract presents stat shot : the ultimate guide to hockey analytics
A Thinking man's guide to pro hockey
Running youth hockey organization
Ice hockey world championships 19.4.-4.5.1991 Finland : virallinen kisajulkaisu = official game program
Patrick Roy : winning, nothing else
Individual player developmental model in ice-hockey
Depicts the late author's life through his own words, including his successful career in hockey as an enforcer and scorer, addiction to drugs, and reckless lifestyle off the ice
Hockey confidential : inside stories from people inside the game
Gordie : a hockey legend : an unauthorized biography of Gordie Howe
Half ice drill book
Breakaway : from behind the Iron curtain to the NHL : the untold story of hockey's great escapes
Practice plan manual for squirts : philosophy, areas of development, practice plans, drills
Customer satisfaction and visibility research for Kajaanin Hokki
The goaltenders' union : hockey's greatest puckstoppers, acrobats, and flakes
Hockey skills : how to play like a pro
Mr. Hockey : my story
Hockey drills for scoring
Speed and style : the Montreal Candiens
The rebirth of Dinamo Riga : from the glorious Soviet past to the Kontinental hockey league
Brett : his own story
Effects of high intensity cycling interval training on endurance performance in ice-hockey players
Slashing! : hockey's most knowledgeable critic tells what should be done to save the game
Psychological Abilities of Junior Ice Hockey Players
The effects of a five year training on playing skills of Finnish, Swedish and Czechoslovakian junior ice hockey teams
Sports and identity : case study Czech Republic and ice hockey
Applicability scouting of ice-hockey players
SPORTS ILLUSTRATED HOCKEY : LEARN TO PLAY..
Coaching hockey succesfully
Don't call me goon : a tribute to hockey's great enforcers, bad boys, and gunslingers
Transition to defense to offense
Hockey : the right start
Perfect practice : the coaching edge
NHL : legacy edition : PS3
"The world's worst cleaning lady" : the portrayal of gender in commercials targeted at American NHL audiences
Hockey's original 6 : great players of the Golden Era
Hockey : bantam to pro
Jamie McLennan spent twenty years playing professional hockey. Sort of. As the backup for such legendary goalies as Grant Fuhr, Ron Hextall, Roberto Luongo, and Miikka Kiprusoff, he saw everything—except much playing time. In The Best Seat in the House, McLennan looks back on his unique career, from breaking into the NHL, to working with the legends, to life on the road and in the league, offering readers an unprecedented glimpse into life inside the locker room.
Stickhandling and passing
Ultimate guide to weight training for hockey
Play better hockey
Ice hockey goaltending : physiological loading and game analysis
Between the lines : not so tall tales from Ray "Scampy" Scapinello's four decades in the NHL
Thunder and lightning : a No-B.S. hockey memoir
Total hockey conditioning : from pee wee to pro
Playing with fire
Hockey : the sports playbook
Implication of puck possession on scoring changes in ice hockey
The Hockey drill book
Ice hockey skating : how to develop power and agility in skating
The hockey news : e-lehti
Hockey night in Canada : sport, identities, and cultural politics
Development plan for European Sport Services Ltd.
The day I (almost) killed two Gretzkys : ...and other off-the-wall stories about sports...and life
The ultimate prize : the Stanley Cup
Finnish dryland training manual = Manuel entrainement sur terrain sec methode Finlandaise
1994 NHL yearbook
The best seat in the house : stories from the NHL, inside the room, on the ice and on the bench
The Mad men of hockey
Migration in globalized sport : Finnish ice hockey players in Russia
Coaching theory level 1 : national coaching certification program
Impact of Lower Body Muscle and Joint Flexibility on the Skating Speed of 12–13-Year-Old Junior Ice Hockey Players
Hockey for dummies
Bargaining for players : player trade in the National Hockey League
Perceptions about coaching and individual development in professional ice-hockey : a qualitative study
100 years of dropping the puck : a history of the OHA
How to attract non-native Finns to the home games of Hockey-Team Vaasan Sport
This is pro hockey
The trade : 25 years since Wayne Gretzky left
NHL hockey : the official book of the game
Off the post : hockey stories from across the world
Cold war : the amazing Canada-Soviet hockey series of 1972
Coaching hockey
My first hockey book
Wearing the "C" : leadership secrets from hockey's greatest captains
Hockey confidence : train your brain to win in hockey and in life
