http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12600 authority
authority
Authors and authority in colonial and post-colonial Zambia
The war against authority : from the crisis of legitimacy to a new social contract
Teaching authority in the early Church
A theology of word & spirit : authority & method in theology
The patterns of the present : interpreting the authority of form
Theology through the theologians : selected essays, 1972-1995
A divided country : microhistorical perspective to the presidents and authority in Uganda
Modern authoritarianism : a comparative institutional analysis
The authority of Scripture in Reformed theology : truth and trust
After the deluge : essays towards the desecularization of the church
Breaking faith : the Pope, the people, and the fate of Catholicism
Shaping authority : how did a person become an authority in Antiquity, the Middle Ages and the Renaissance?
Primacy in the church : the office of primate and the authority of councils. Volume 1, Historical and theological perspectives
Effective classroom control : understanding teacher-student relationships
The Penguin Krishnamurti reader
While the author illuminates his discussion with references to Weber, Marx, Freud, Plato, Dostoevsky, Orwell, Hobbes, Arendt, and Machiavelli, he keeps his arguments grounded in contemporary practical issues, such as class conflicts, multi-party politics, and parent-child relationships.
God and globalization. Volume 2, The spirit and the modern authorities
Understanding pupil behaviour : classroom management techniques for teachers
Paul as an administrator of God in 1 Corinthians
How chiefs come to power : the political economy in prehistory
Authority
Power in families
Authority in the Roman Catholic Church : theory and practice
Obedience to authority : an experimental view
"Knowledge" and the "expert's knowledge" : should there be a difference?
The enduring authority of the Christian scriptures
Personality, power, and authority : a view from the behavioral sciences
Types of authority in formative Christianity and Judaism
Deontic rights in interaction : a conversation analytic study on authority and cooperation
Past renewals : interpretative authority, renewed revelation, and the quest for perfection in Jewish antiquity
The social psychology of power
Classroom authority : theory, research, and practice
Krishnamurti : reflections on the self
The effect of strategy practices on conflicts
In his new introduction, prepared for the 1995 edition of Power, the author reconsiders the concept of power, now locating it in the broader traditions of the social sciences rather than as a series of actions and actors within the sociological tradition. As a result, Wrong emphasizes such major distinctions as "power over" and "power to," and various conflations of power as commonly used.
"Traditionally women were denied access to positions of official religious authority within Christianity and were therefore compelled to explore other avenues to acquire and express spiritual leadership. Through twelve case studies covering different regions in Europe, this volume considers the nuances of what constituted female spiritual authority, how it was acquired and manifested by religious women, and how it evolved from the High Middle Ages to the Early Modern period. Whilst current scholarship often emphasizes binaries within the fields of gender and religious authority, this volume examines the manifestation of female religious authority in its multiple facets. It looks both at individuals displaying exceptional forms of agency such as prophesying, as well as more commonplace, communal activities such as letter-writing and music-making. By taking into account the pervasiveness of spirituality in society as a whole in the Pre-Modern era, this collection of essays renegotiates the relationship between the spiritual and the social domain. Through the chronological organization of the contributions insight is gained into the changes in the means and forms female religious authority could take between 1150 and 1750. The narrative is clearly impacted by late medieval enclosure policies and by changing modes of spirituality. Whereas women in the earlier period tended to represent themselves as a door through which God could advance towards mankind, later on they functioned more frequently as a portal through which others could advance towards God."--Back cover.
Elizabeth I : the competition for representation
In this volume, thirty-seven first-rate evangelical scholars present a thorough study of biblical authority and a full range of issues connected to it. Recognizing that Scripture and its authority are now being both challenged and defended with renewed vigor, editor D.A. Carson assigned the topics that these select scholars address in the book. After an introduction by Carson to the many facets of the current discussion, the contributors present robust essays on relevant historical, biblical, theological, philosophical, epistemological, and comparative-religions topics. To conclude, Carson answers a number of frequently asked questions about the nature of Scripture, cross-referencing these FAQs to the preceding chapters. This comprehensive volume by a team of recognized experts will be the go-to reference on the nature and authority of the Bible for years to come.
Faith and modernity
Study on the authority of the Bible
How do teachers view their own pedagogical authority?
Authority and its enemies
Authority : a sociological history
Stratification and power : structures of class, status and command
Translation under negotiation : the textual interplay of translators and editors in contemporary Finnish Shakespeare translation
The Heibergs and the theater : between vaudeville, romantic comedy and national drama
This book examines the relationship between ecclesiastical authority and secular power in the writings of the twelfth-century figure St Bernard of Clairvaux. The aftermath of the Investiture Controversy left the relationship between the Church and imperial power in ruins. In reaction to these developments, the Concordat of Worms in 1122 sought a compromise to restore the association between the two sides. The Concordat was only the beginning, and a spirit of cooperation between the Church and temporal powers began to emerge. This collaborative relationship is exemplified in the writings of Bernard of Clairvaux (1091–1153). Bernard of Clairvaux was both a Cistercian abbot and a major political figure in the twelfth century. He inherited the Latin vocabulary of earlier Christian writers, but needed a more nuanced language to express the complex political relationship between church and state during the settlement of episcopal investiture. In his writings Bernard distinguished between the authority (auctoritas) of the Church and the power (potestas) of temporal rulers. The language of separation was designed to delineate spheres of influence rather than to reflect opposition – a vocabulary that ultimately presents the relationship between the two powers as less of a fencing match and more of a dance.
Codes of power
Islam and modernity : key issues and debates
Beyond the Reformation? : authority, primacy and unity in the conciliar tradition
Political authority and obligation in Aristotle
Credibility of online comments in the HPV vaccination discussion in Finnish online forums
Questioning religious authority : a conceptual analysis of authority, its justification and use in the context of religious belief
Power : its forms, bases, and uses
A brief theology of revelation : the 1993 Warfield lectures
Churches that abuse
Authority : a philosophical analysis
Authority, responsibility and education
De cive : the Latin version : entitled in the first edition Elementorum philosophiæ sectio tertia de cive and in later editions Elementa philosophica de cive
Conceptions of "gospel" and legitimacy in early christianity
Loss of the good authority
Mulieres religiosae : shaping female spiritual authority in the medieval and early modern periods
Why I am a Catholic
Anglican difficulties : a new syllabus of errors
Legitimating new religions
Presenting an account of the fourteenth-century illustrated Bible of Clement VII, an opposition pope in Avignon from 1378-94, this title traces the Bible's production in Naples (c 1330) through its changing ownership and meaning in Avignon (c 1340-1405) to its presentation as a gift to Alfonso, King of Aragon (c 1424).
Marcion and the dating of the synoptic gospels
Teacher authority in schools : a case study from Finland
Authority, leadership and conflict in the Church
The social challenge to parental authority
The notion of authority
Contextual authority and aesthetic truth
Strategic delegation in firms and in the trade union
Scripture in the theologies of W. Pannenberg and D. G. Bloesch
"Are the Synoptic Gospels at odds with Early Christian art and archaeology? Art and archaeology cannot provide the material basis 'to secure the irrefutable inner continuity' of the Christian beginnings (Erich Dinkler); can the Synoptic Gospels step in? Their narratives, however, are as absent from the first hundred and fifty years of early Christianity as are their visual imageries. 'Many of the dates confidently assigned by modern experts to the New Testament documents', especially the Gospels, rest 'on presuppositions rather than facts' (J.A.T. Robinson). The present volume is the first systematic study of all available early evidence that we have about the first witness to our Gospel narratives, Marcion of Sinope. It evaluates our commonly known arguments for dating the Synoptic Gospels, elaborates on Marcion's crucial role in the Gospel making and argues for a re-dating of the Gospels to the years between 138 and 144 AD."--P. [4] of cover.
Authority of law; and law : eight lectures
Aspects of power and authority in the Middle Ages
Since the end of the nineteenth century, Ireland has witnessed a profound reconfiguration of its cultural, political, constitutional and religious identities, resulting in an unparalleled questioning of the dominant discourses and narratives that have seemingly defined the nation. The essays in this collection examine the ways in which established Irish socio-cultural structures of authority and their constructs of collective identity have been challenged within literary and cultural discourses of the twentieth and twenty-first centuries. Every challenge to the purported wisdom of these authority structures adds a new facet to the complexity of Irish national identity and contributes to the continuous evolution of the 'New Ireland', a phrase often used to signify the momentous transformations of the country in times of change.
Negotiating autonomy and authority in Muslim contexts
Tradition and authority in the Reformation
The Clement Bible at the medieval courts of Naples and Avignon : a story of papal power, royal prestige, and patronage
The authority of the state
Holy Scripture
Toward a new Catholic Church : the promise of reform
Love is the drug
Spinoza and the irrelevance of biblical authority
Reclaiming the Bible for the church
Magisterium : teaching authority in the Catholic church
Architecture of authority
The early Christians in Ephesus from Paul to Ignatius
"One teacher" : doctrinal authority in the church
Epistemic authority : a theory of trust, authority, and autonomy in belief
Consulting the faithful : what Christian intellectuals can learn from popular religion
Charisma and religious authority : Jewish, Christian, and Muslim preaching, 1200-1500
Authority and wisdom in the New Ireland : studies in literature and culture
Canon law as ministry : freedom and good order for the church
Authority and democracy : a general theory of government and management
Authority and frustration
Whether he is asking about the role of New Testament exegesis among other academic disciplines, the suppression of anger in Pauline writings, or at what point came to designate a written "Gospel," James A. Kelhoffer's patient and careful exegesis provides an intriguing lens through which to view early Christianity. Many struggles of early Christ believers, he finds, reflect intra-ecclesial struggles to establish the legitimacy of a view or a religious leader vis-à-vis competing ideologies or leaders. Those already familiar with Kelhoffer's Miracle and Mission (2000), The Diet of John the Baptist (2005) and Persecution, Persuasion and Power (2010) will find in this volume refreshing insights suggested but not developed in his other books.
Ethnographies of the state in Central Asia : performing politics
Allusion, authority, and truth : critical perspectives on Greek poetic and rhetorical praxis
Biblical authority or biblical tyranny? : scripture and the Christian pilgrimage
Leadership : a very short introduction
Paul and the anatomy of apostolic authority
In the 1960s Yale University psychologist Stanley Milgram famously carried out a series of experiments that forever changed our perceptions of morality and free will. The subjects--or "teachers"--were instructed to administer electroshocks to a human "learner" with the shocks becoming progressively more powerful and painful. Controversial but now strongly vindicated by the scientific community, these experiments attempted to determine to what extent people will obey orders from authority figures regardless of consequences. Obedience to authority is Milgram's fascinating and troubling chronicle of his classic study and a vivid and persuasive explanation of his conclusions.
The development of authority within the Russian Orthodox Church : a theological and historical inquiry
Power : the natural history of its growth
Sacred authority and temporal power in the writings of Bernard of Clairvaux
God has spoken : revelation and the Bible
Beginnings of learning
The nature and limits of authority
The scope and authority of the Bible
The inclusion of the other : studies in political theory
The search for authority in Reformation Europe
Diverse functions of the hedge really : a study of four academic speech events
Greek political imagery from Homer to Aristotle
Confucian cultures of authority : edited by Peter D. Hershock and Roger T. Ames
The philosophy of expertise
The present volume contains the proceedings of a workshop that took place as part of a larger project carried out by the Groningen Research School for the Study of the Humanities (GRSSH). The framework of the overall research perspective was a study of 'the autonomy of culture and its components'. In November 2006, colleagues from various departments at the University of Groningen who work in the field of Islamic studies jointly organised a workshop on the subject of 'autonomy and Islam'. For and from each of our disciplines, i.e. anthropology, psychology, pedagogy, philology and religious studies, internationally renowned scholars were invited to participate.
Authority and asceticism from Augustine to Gregory the Great
The man who shocked the world : the life and legacy of Stanley Milgram
Rewritten theology : Aquinas after his readers
Soviet attitudes toward authority
The new opening provides the reader with a deeper appreciation of the non-reductionist character of the book as a whole.
Politics as leadership
Death of the father : an anthropology of the end in political authority
In one grand effort, this is an anatomy of power, a history of the ways in which it has been defined, and a study of its forms (force, manipulation, authority, and persuasion), its bases (individual and collective resources, political mobilization), and its uses. The issues that Dennis Wrong addresses range from the philosophical and ethical to the psychological and political. Much of the work is punctuated with careful examples from history.
Power and teacherhood : student teachers's perceptions of teachers' power and authority
Parental and school influence on elementary school students' developing conceptions of teacher authority
Essays on the internal and external delegation of authority in firms
Theology and magisterium
Beyond power : Simone Weil and the notion of authority
A normative EU policy towards China : mission impossible?
The guru papers : masks of authoritarian power
Charisma
"Considers the contributions of philosophical theories of property rights, political obligation, and self-determination to our moral understanding of political control over geographical space. Focuses on American Indian and other indigenous claims to a separate political status, including potentially to full legal independence"--Provided by publisher.
The authority of the word : reflecting on image and text in northern Europe, 1400-1700
The differentiation of authority : the medieval turn toward existence
Focusing on discourses of magic in thirteenth - fourteenth century Icelandic texts that are concerned with kingship, this book examines the performative and ideological functions of texts dealing with magic in contexts of social and political conflict. This volume examines the performative and ideological functions of texts dealing with magic in contexts of social and political conflict. While the rites, representations, and agents of medieval Scandinavian magic have been the object of numerous studies, little attention has been given to magic as a discourse. As a consequence, Old Norse sources mobilizing magic have been analysed mainly as evidence for a stable extra-textual phenomenon. This volume breaks with this perspective. The book focuses on the use of discourses of magic in thirteenth- and fourteenth-century Icelandic texts concerned with kingship. It is argued that Icelanders constructed magic as a discursive answer to the increasingly pressing question of how to deal with the reality of their subordination to kings. This they did by telling stories of flattering Icelandic successes over kings brought about by magic in a bid to challenge dominant definitions and the social and political status quo. The book thus follows the conditions of emergence that made these subversive discourses of magic meaningful; it describes the various forms they were given, the various constraints weighing upon their use, and the particular political goals they served.
Spiritual authority
A passion for truth : the intellectual coherence of Evangelicalism
Ownership, authority, and self-determination
The principle of authority in relation to certainty, sanctity and society
The spoilt generation : why restoring authority will make our children and society happier
Oral and Manuscript Culture in the Bible is the fruit of Professor Loubser's confrontation with how Scripture is read, understood, and used in the Third World situation, which is closer than modern European societies to the social dynamics of the original milieu in which the texts were produced.
Spirits in politics : uncertainties of power and healing in African societies
On charisma and institution building : selected papers
Governance, accountability, and the future of the Catholic Church
Identity and authority : explorations in the theory of society
Oral and manuscript culture in the Bible : studies on the media texture of the New Testament--explorative hermeneutics
Magic and kingship in Medieval Iceland : the construction of a discourse of political resistance
The folding knife
Primacy in the church : the office of primate and the authority of councils. Volume two, Contemporary and contextual perspectives
The last word : scripture and the authority of God - getting beyond the Bible wars
The theology of John Fisher
Social forms/human capacities : essays in authority and difference
Nation of devils : democratic leadership and the problem of obedience
The authority of the Old Testament
Philip Melanchthon's rhetorical construal of biblical authority : Oratio sacra
Charisma and authority in Israelite society
Holy texts : authority and language = Heilige Texte : Autorität und Sprache = Texte sacrés : autorité et langue
