http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12637 toxicity
toxicity
Induction of oxidative stress by the herbicides atrazine and isoproturon on cultured fish cells
Evaluation of certain food additives : sixty-fifth report of the Joint FAO/WHO Expert Committee on Food Additives : [Geneva, 6 - 17 June 2005]
Metal toxicity to fish
Abstract.
Clinical toxicology : principles and mechanisms
Casarett and Doull's toxicology : the basic science of poisons
Photoinhibition of photosystem II in higher plants : impact of copper toxicity
Environmental assessment of green chemicals : LCA of bio-based chemicals produced using biocatalysis
Chronic toxicity studies on white oils
Essential oil safety : a guide for health care professionals
Environmental challenges in the Pacific Basin
Selenium in agriculture and the environment : proceedings of a symposium sponsored by Divions A-5, S-2, S-4, and S-7 of the American Society of Agronomy and Soil Science Society of America in New Orleans, LA 2 Dec. 1986
The dictionary of substances and their effects. Vol. 5, I-M
The nephrotoxicity of Cortinarius speciosissimus gathered in Finland : an experimental study in the rat
Corneal epithelial and retinal pigment epithelial cell culture assays as potential alternatives to animal experimentation for the evaluation of ocular toxicity
The dictionary of substances and their effects. Vol. 1, A-B
Merchants of doubt
On cadmium toxicity and cadmium resistance in bacteria
Acute toxicity of ingested zinc shot to game-farm mallards
"Since its inception in the early 1950's, this book has become the "bible" for those who need to evaluate the hazard of substances used in commerce. The book contains extensive data on approximately 28,000 substances. It is designed to fill the information needs of professionals who must work with and evaluate the hazards of chemicals"--
Scary and sneaky
Evaluation of certain food additives and contaminants : sixty-eighth report of the Joint FAO/WHO Expert Committee on Food Additives
"This Twelfth edition of Dangerous Properties of Industrial Materials includes comprehensive hazard information on the substances encountered in the workplace. The objective of the work is to promote safety by providing the most up-to-date hazard information available"--
Handbook of poisonous and injurious plants
Amazing poisonous animals
Various mass spectrometric methods for the screening and identification of metabolites of toxic and incapacitating chemicals
Swindled : from poison sweets to counterfeit coffee : the dark history of the food cheats
Mixture toxicity : linking approaches from ecological and human toxicology / edited by Cornelis A. M. van Gestel ... [et al.]
Ocean venom : octopus, jellyfish, sea wasps etc
Role of low-weight carboxylic acids in phytotoxicity of composts
Approaches to high throughput toxicity screening
Safety evaluation of chemicals on laboratory animals : proceedings of the Finnish-Soviet Symposium, Kuopio 20-22 May 1986
Inventory of critical reviews on chemicals
Computational Toxicology: Methods and Applications for Risk Assessment is an essential reference on the translation of computational toxicology data into information that can be used for more informed risk assessment decision-making. This book is authored by leading international investigators who have real-world experience in relating computational toxicology methods to risk assessment. Key topics of interest include QSAR modeling, chemical mixtures, applications to metabolomic and metabonomic data sets, toxicogenomic analyses, applications to REACH informational strategies and much more. With a free companion website featuring an image bank from the book and web links for further research and reading, this authoritative reference is your complete guide to computational toxicology methods and applications to risk assessment. Authored by leading international researchers engaged in cutting-edge applications of computational methods for translating complex toxicological data sets into useful risk assessment informationIncorporates real-world examples of how computational toxicological methods have been applied to advance the science of risk assessment Provides the framework necessary for new technologies and fosters common vocabularies and principles upon which the effects of new chemical entities should be compared.
Characterisation of cyanobacterial strains originating from the Baltic Sea with emphasis on Nodularia and its toxin, Nodularin
Influence of some drugs on toxicity and rate of metabolism of lidocaine and mepivacaine : experimental study on mice and rats
Acute toxicity of birch tar oil on aquatic organisms
Evolution and detection of cyanobacterial hepatotoxin synthetase genes
Advances in plant and animal boron nutrition : proceedings of the 3rd International Symposium on all Aspects of Plant and Animal Boron Nutrition
Mineral tolerance of animals
Application of structure-activity relationships to the estimation of properties important in exposure assessment
Evaluation of the technical performance, the toxicological effects and the irritation potency of four pyrotechnic screening smokes
The role of drug metabolism in drug discovery and development : case ospemifene
The water environment : algal toxins and health
Toxic peptides from cyanobacteria : characterization and cellular mode of action
Natural toxicants in food
Effect of nutrient excesses and toxicities in animals and man
Cellular models for toxicity testing in aquatic toxicology
Immunological effects of engineered nanomaterials on mouse antigen presenting cells in vitro
Short-term and subchronic phytotoxicity of low-weight carboxylic acids and their mixtures
Acute toxicity of elaidyl-1,2,-carborane carboxylate (ECC) in rats
Seafood science and technology : proceedings of the International Conference Seafood 2000 celebrating the tenth anniversary of the Canadian Institute of Fisheries Technology of the Technical University of Nova Scotia, 1990, Halifax, Canada
Germination and phenolic acid content in determination of compost maturity
Nickel hazards to fish, wildlife, and invertebrates : a synoptic review
Environmental toxicology
Poisonous plants and fungi in Britain : animal and human poisoning
Computational toxicology : methods and applications for risk assessment
Microtox toxicity in sediments : modified method for the direct contact test with luminescent bacteria
Cucurbitacins in plant food
Taxonomy of Solanum L. section Solanum in Uganda
The toxic cloud
New microbiotests for routine toxicity screening and biomonitoring
Venomous snakes of the world
Ototoxicity : basic science and clinical applications
Standard methods for the examination of water and wastewater
At the world's end
Principles of animal extrapolation
A bioassay using Artemia salina for detecting phototoxicity of plant coumarins
Dangerous marine animals
Evaluation of certain food additives and contaminants : seventy-third report of the Joint FAO/WHO Expert Committee on Food Additives
Toxic constituents of plant foodstuffs
Foodborne disease handbook 2: viruses, parasites, pathogens, and HACCP. Volume 2, Viruses, parasites, pathogens, and HACCP
Cyanobacterial hepatotoxins and drinking water supplies : aspects of monitoring and potential health risks
A new flash method for measuring the toxicity of solid and colored samples
Poison : sinister species with deadly consequences
Improved use and new applications of luminescent bacteria
Microbiological tests and measurements in the assessment of harmful substances and pollution
Life cycle responses of pre-exposed and reference groups of the non-biting midge (Chironomus riparius) to sediment-associated 2,4,5-trichlorophenol
Toxicity of heavy metals in the environment
The dictionary of substances and their effects. Vol. 2, C
The Royal Horticultural Society : new encyclopedia of herbs and their uses
Dioxins and health
Wilson's disease
Activated carbon amendments for sediment remediation : reduction of aquatic and biota concentrations of PCBs, and secondary effects on Lumbriculus variegatus and Chironomus riparius
Summary: Mechanisms of cocaine-induced hepatotoxicity.
Development of recombinant bacterial strains for cytotoxicity testing
Development of ultrasound-assisted digestion methods for the determination of toxic element concentrations in ash samples by ICP-OES
Mineral tolerance of domestic animals : Subcommittee on Mineral Toxicity in Animals
Nitrosamines : toxicology and microbiology
Caz has been living in the department store since the day the Blue Star came and killed everyone who breathed in its toxic snow. She can't do so much as look outside. But life in the store is getting dangerous and so Caz decides to take her chances in the world outside, with only Will for company. What will she find in the bleak landscape? And is there even anything to find / WorldCat.
Nutritional toxicology
Ecotoxicity and human health : a biological approach to environmental remediation
Cadmium in Fertilizers - risks to human health and the environment
Nutraceuticals : efficacy, safety and toxicity
Fire toxicity
Evaluation of certain food additives and contaminants : sixty-seventh report of the Joint FAO/WHO Expert Committee on Food Additives
Contributions to risk assessment of microcystins, cyanobacterial toxins : development of immunoanalysis and characterization of microcystin variants
Toxicant distributions and impact models in environmental risk analysis of waste sites
The dictionary of substances and their effects. Vol. 4, Din-H
Sax's dangerous properties of industrial materials / Vol. 2
Foodborne disease handbook. Volume 3, Diseases caused by hazardous substances
Behaviour and biological effects of acid, industrial waste water containing heavy metals
When the rubber meets the road : ecotoxicological hazard and risk assessment of tire wear particles
Pesticide residues in food 1989 : evaluations 1989. Part 2, Toxicology
Evaluation of certain veterinary drug residues in food : seventy-fifth report of the Joint FAO/WHO Expert Committee on Food Additives
The impairment of lung function caused by environmental exposure to pollutants and toxicants is a rising health problem, particularly in highly industrialized parts of the world. The problem is urgently calling for the development of new methodologies to assess both the level of elemental exposure and the effects for quality of health and longevity. This volume provides state-of-the-art information about the recent advances in occupational and non-occupational pollutant-related disorders of the respiratory tract, and the assessment of a threat they pose for the health-span. Heavy traffic-related air pollution, unnoticeable but salient health detriment, is dealt with at length.
Sax's dangerous properties of industrial materials / Vol. 5
Histopathology of preclinical toxicity studies : interpretation and relevance in drug safety evaluation
On Dinophysis : occurrence and toxin content
Environmental properties of chemicals. Volume 2
Public health impact of pesticides used in agriculture
Waste management : concerns and challenges
Casarett and Doull's toxicology : the basic science of poisons. Companion handbook
Phytoplankton of Baltic environmental gradients : observations on potentially toxic species
Molecular approaches to food safety : issues involving toxic microorganisms
Bacillus thuringiensis : biology, ecology and safety
European oil industry guideline for riskbased assessment of contaminated sites (revised)
Estimating environmentally important properties of chemicals from the chemical structure
Venomous animals and their venoms. Vol. 1, Venomous vertebrates
Jatropha: a smallholder bioenergy crop : the potential for pro-poor development
Sax's dangerous properties of industrial materials / Vol. 3
Ecology of harmful algae
Toxin production by freshwater cyanobacteria : effects of environmental factors
Ecotoxicity assessment of biodegradable plastics and sewage sludge in compost and in soil
Poisoners and pretenders
Sax's dangerous properties of industrial materials / Vol. 1
Dioxin resistance alleles and developmental stage at exposure as determinants of sensitivity to dioxin-induced short-term toxicity and male reproductive effects
Toxicology of insecticides
Venomous animals and their venoms. Vol. 3, Venomous invertebrates
Organic solvents : properties, toxicity, and industrial effects
The dictionary of substances and their effects. Vol. 3, D-Dim
Toxicity of retene and pyrene on fish at different light conditions
Healthy beauty : your guide to ingredients to avoid and products you can trust
Aluminium in food and its effects on health
Registry of toxic effects of chemical substances : 1978 edition
Determination of toxic metals and metalloids in ambient air
Effects of fluorides in animals
The dictionary of substances and their effects. Vol. 6, N-R
The dictionary of substances and their effects. Vol. 7, S-Z
Evaluation of certain food additives and contaminants : seventy-fourth report of the Joint FAO/WHO Expert Committee on Food Additives
Foodborne disease handbook 3: plant toxicants. Volume 3, Plant toxicants
Foodborne disease handbook 4: seafood and environmental toxins. Volume 4, Seafood and environmental toxins
Foodborne disease handbook 1: bacterial pathogens. Volume 1, Bacterial pathogens
Ecotoxicity and pollutant concentrations of wastewater from mineral processing
Venom : poisonous creatures in the natural world
Dangerous properties of industrial materials. Vol. 3, F-Z
Venomous animals and their venoms. Vol. 2, Venomous vertebrates
BPA performance (TOC, BOD and toxicity) during photo-Fenton reaction
Characterisation and treatment of waste incineration bottom ash and leachate
Remediation of heavy metal contaminated soils using phosphorus : evaluation of bioavailability using an earthworm bioassay
