http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12627 Vendel Period
Vendel Period
Èpoha Merovingov : Evropa bez granic : arheologiâ i istoriâ v-viii vv. = Merowingerzeit : Europa ohne Grenzen : Archäologie und Geschichte des 5. bis 8. Jahrhunderts = The Merovingian period : Europe without borders : archaeology and history of the 5th to 8th centuries
Luistari. 4, Luistari : a history of weapons and ornaments
Le témoignage de la culture matérielle : mélanges offerts au professeur Vera Evison = The evidence of material culture : studies in honour of professer Vera Evison
Uncovering the Germanic past : Merovingian archaeology in France, 1830-1914
Norwegian spear-heads from the Merovingian and Viking periods
The Iron Age settlement of Arctic Norway : a study in the expansion of European Iron Age culture within the Arctic circle. 2, late Iron Age : Merovingian and Viking periods
Osteological material. 4.1, Osteological analyses
Golden Middle Ages in Europe : new research into early-medieval communities and identities : proceedings of the second 'Dorestad congress' held at the National Museum of Antiquities Leiden The Netherlands 2-5 July, 2014
The finds. 3.5, Pottery, burnt clay and slag
Vainionmäki - a Merovingian Period cemetery in Laitila, Finland
Levänluhta : a place of punishment, sacrifice or just a common cemetery?
The symbolic meanings of cremation burial
The Merovingian kingdoms 450-751
The age of Charles Martel
Central places in the Migration and Merovingian periods : papers from the 52nd Sachsensymposium, Lund, August 2001
The social life of hagiography in the Merovingian kingdom
A companion to Gregory of Tours
The Merovingian mythos : and the mystery of Rennes-le-Chateau
Osteological material. 4.2, Distribution of the osteological material
The early history of the fortress of Käkisalmi, Russian Karelia : archaeological and radiocarbon evidence
The Vainionmäki society
The long road : Merovingian Period social elite of Ostrobothnia viewed as a result of a long-term social evolution
The West Finnish warriors and the early Svea Kingship in the Merovingian period (AD 550-800)
The finds. 3.3, Weapons
Merovingian garnet jewellery : emergence and social implications
The finds. 3.4, Tools and implements
Bead finds from the Viking and Crusade Periods : indicators of cultural contacts or ethnic identity?
Cemeteries and society in Merovingian Gaul : selected studies in history and archaeology, 1992-2009
The finds. 3.1, Personal ornaments
Mortuary practices, religion and society
In July 2014, the National Museum of Antiquities in Leiden hosted the second Dorestad congress, exactly five years after the first. This congress was attached to the exhibition Golden Middle Ages: The Netherlands in the Merovingian World, 400-700 AD and brought together scholars to discuss these 'Dark Ages', their burials and settlements, rituals and identities, and the position of the Low Countries in the world-wide networks of early-medieval Europe. The congress opened with a keynote lecture by dr. Gareth Williams (The British Museum). Sessions were devoted to key themes like early-medieval identity and agency, so-called royal burials in Europe, significant find categories like garnets, coins and Merovingian glass, important new sites and finds from the Low Countries and recent work in the Carolingian 'vicus famosus' of Dorestad.
