http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1267 distance studies
distance studies
Breaking the digital divide : implications for developing countries
"This book provides practitioners in the field of distance education a case book that is a valuable reference of best practices in the field"--Provided by publisher.
Lifelong learning in the networked world : 21st ICDE World Conference on Open Learning & Distance Education, 18-21 February 2004, Hong Kong : abstracts
Providing library services for distance education students : a how-to-do-it manual
Open & distance learning : case studies from industry and education
Planning and developing open and distance learning : a quality assurance approach
Where do we go from here? : feminist challenges of information technology
How to help learners assess their progress : writing objectives, self-assessment questions and activities
Distance education and the mainstream : convergence in education
"This encyclopedia offers the most comprehensive coverage of the issues, concepts, trends, and technologies of distance learning. More than 450 international contributors from over 50 countries"--Provided by publisher.
Distance education : an open avenue for women in remote areas or reproduction of inequality?
The open learning handbook : selecting, designing and supporting open learning materials
Autonomy and self-directed learning : present fields of application = Autonomie et apprentissage autodirigé : terrains d'application actuels
Open and distance learning today
Virtual connections in FUAS : creating the concept for a module including a work-related project
Lifelong learning : new vision, new implications, new roles for people, organizations, nations and communities in the 21st century
Foundations of distance education
Studying at a distance : a guide for students
What is open learning? : an introduction to the series
Introduction to telematics in teacher training : getting started with telematics
Enhancing the distance learning in the BME programme
Libraries and graduate students : building connections
How to communicate with the learner : making the package easy to use
100% online student success
E-learning archaeology, theory and practice
How to manage the production process
Act locally, th/link translocally : an ethnographic view of the Kilpisjärvi project
Abstract : The purpose of this thesis was to improve the SAMK blended learning process as a whole by finding possible enhancements for the practicalities of distance learning in the BME programme.   The theoretical background related to continuous learning, knowledge sharing in virtual teams and technology based teaching & learning as well as the concept of blended learning are discussed as viewpoints to distance learning. Also examples of blended learning implementations in three different educational institutions are briefly presented.   The implementation of blended learning in Satakunta University of Applied Sciences is considered by looking at its elements, constructivism as the pedagogic approach and Jasu-Kuusisto & Mattila model as the implementation guide. The blended learning solutions in the BME programme are discussed as well.   In the inductive qualitative research the data was gathered by using a semi-structured e-interview. The answers to the e-interview questions were analyzed according to grounded theory and recursive abstraction methods. Based on the findings of the preliminary analysis an additional question was sent to the respondents of the e-interview. The answers to the additional question were analyzed using diligent interpretation in order to gain deeper understanding.   The analysis yielded six primary findings indicating common satisfaction in the functions of the library and the other supportive offices, mixed feelings about the contact sessions and discontent of absences and unreachability of programme participants in general. Another three related findings not in the scope of the e-interview were discovered and utilized in the research, typical for the process of an inductive research.   The findings combined with diligent interpretation of the answers were used as a basis for 16 recommendations regarding the blended learning implementation in the SAMK BME programme. While two of the recommendations suggest keeping the supportive offices and the use of email and Moodle as they are, the rest of the recommendations suggest changes in the existing practices, or implementation of completely new approaches. While some of the suggested changes can be implemented immediately with a single decision, others require planning of larger changes in the BME programme structure.   Despite the low answering percentage in the research, the study has reached its target of suggesting improvements in the overall model of blended learning in Satakunta University of Applied Sciences.
The educational potential of e-portfolios : supporting personal development and reflective learning
"The rise of the internet, new technologies, and free and open higher education are radically altering college forever, and this book explores the paradigm changes that will affect students, parents, educators and employers as it explains how we can take advantage of the new opportunities ahead"--
Distance education - its role in Finland; European aspect
College degrees by mail : 100 good schools that offer bachelor's, master's, doctorates and law degrees by home study
Radio for education and development : case studies
Distance learning course on public information services : course completion report 1 May-8 Septemeber 2006, Tokyo, Japan
A tutor's guide to open learning
Distance education : crossing frontiers : papers for the 12th biennial forum of the Open and Distance Learning Association of Australia, Vanuatu: September 1995.
Generating learning material in an e-learning environment : an experiment with the SCO generator
Exploring the digital library : a guide for online teaching and learning
Open and distance learning in the EU member states : synthesis report
Handbook of distance education
Distance education and sustainable community development : selected articles from a Conference on Education and Sustainable Community Development, Canadian Circumpolar Institute, December 1990
E-learning for adults with learning difficulties
Rethinking learner support in distance education : change and continuity in an international context
Contemporary issues in American distance education
A trainer's guide to Web-based instruction : getting started on intranet- and Internet-based training
To MOOC or not to MOOC : how can online learning help to build the future of higher education
"From a renowned education writer comes a paradigm-shifting examination of the rapidly changing world of college that every parent, student, educator, and investor needs to understand. Over the span of just nine months in 2011 and 2012, the world's most famous universities and high-powered technology entrepreneurs began a race to revolutionize higher education. College courses that had been kept for centuries from all but an elite few were released to millions of students throughout the world-for free. Exploding college prices and a flagging global economy, combined with the derring-do of a few intrepid innovators, have created a dynamic climate for a total rethinking of an industry that has remained virtually unchanged for a hundred years. In The End of College, Kevin Carey, an education researcher and writer, draws on years of in-depth reporting and cutting-edge research to paint a vivid and surprising portrait of the future of education. Carey explains how two trends-the skyrocketing cost of college and the revolution in information technology-are converging in ways that will radically alter the college experience, upend the traditional meritocracy, and emancipate hundreds of millions of people around the world. Insightful, innovative, and accessible, The End of College is a must-read, and an important contribution to the developing conversation about education in this country. "--
Shifting borders : globalisation, localisation and open and distance education
Open learning
Distance training in the European Union
Language learning strategies in independent settings
Open and distance learning : developing learning opportunities in the teacher education in Nepal
This publication describes the basis from which the structures, strategies and teaching and learning processes of open and distance learning were created and implemented for the first time at Tribhuvan University in Nepal. JAMK University of Applied Sciences has collaborated with diverse organisations in Nepal for several years. The development collaboration that this publication focuses on concerns the Training of Trainers for the Teacher Qualification Upgrading Programme in Nepal (ToT Nepal) funded by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Finland, HEI ICI programme. The main goal of the programme was to strengthen the expertise of Tribhuvan University in order to establish an open and distance learning system, and thereby to provide more flexible studying possibilities to teachers who are already working. This publication provides viewpoints, concepts and some practices that have been discussed and worked on with the personnel of Tribhuvan University during the workshops. The concept of learning and pedagogy forms the foundation for the development of education. Therefore, the issue of learning shows as a cross-cutting theme in the articles. Furthermore, the context of the development of open and distance learning has a fundamental impact on the content of the development work. In the case of Nepal, the technology infrastructure is still rather weak and, therefore, starting from the basics reflects from the articles.The writers were the experts in the above-mentioned project from JAMK and Häme Universities of Applied Sciences. The writers of the articles cover their role and expertise areas in the project.
Changing university teaching : reflections on creating educational technologies
Distance education : new perspectives
Distance training : taking stock at a time of change
Evaluating open and distance learning
Undead theories : constructivism, eclecticism and research in education
Understanding learners in open and distance education
Higher education through open and distance learning
In Finland, the Pedagogical Studies for Vocational Teachers include 10 credits of studies in education. Half of our  students complete them in connection with the pedagogical studies for teachers. The training consisting of distance  education has been traditionally bought from the University. Some of the students have felt that studying education  according to the university requirements has been hard for them. They would like a more practical approach to  educational studies. Our students also come from a large area in northern Finland. Therefore, an opportunity for  distance education is important for them. Tutoring has an important role in this implementation. To respond to these  challenges, we have designed a more practical implementation of the educational studies, in which the students only  have two face-to-face days. The new implementation was piloted in the autumn term 2012. The pilot succeeded very  well. Students liked to study and learnt a lot about the different areas of education. The study was continued in the  Spring 2014. Students of Education (19 )made the same pre and post-surveys like in the Pilot. Research results were  quite similar than in Pilot study.
Open distance learning in public libraries
Collaboration in distance education : international case studies
Learning and teaching in distance education : pedagogical analyses and interpretations in an international perspective
Issues in higher education
Activities in self-instructional texts
Media, mediation, time and communication : emphases in network-based media education
Learning and teaching in distance education : analyses and interpretations from an international perspective
Situational learning in ministry : the Arusha programme of Theological Education by Extension and its evaluation in 1974-2004
Mindweave : communication, computers and distance education
Distance learning technologies: issues, trends and opportunities
E-learning 2.0 technologies and web applications in higher education
Status and trends of distance education
Assuring quality in online education : practices and processes at the teaching, resource, and program levels
Distance education and economic and consumer law in the single market
Perspectives on higher education in the digital age
How to tutor and support learners
Lifelong e-learning : bringing e-learning close to lifelong learning and working life: a new period of uptake : proceedings of the Eden 2005 Annual Conference, Helsinki University of Technology, Lifelong Learning Institute TKK Dipoli, Finland, 20-23 June, 2005
Campus futurus:perspectives on learning and technology
Teaching and learning at a distance : what it takes to effectively design, deliver, and evaluate programs
Open and Distance Learning is one mean to provide learning opportunities and to implement the idea of equal opportunities and the right to education. This publication focuses on the development of open and distance learning at Tribhuvan University in Nepal, in which there was a need to establish a new mode of learning for the population that is working. This publication describes the basis from which the structures, strategies and teaching and learning processes of open and distance learning were created and implemented for the first time at Tribhuvan University.The development collaboration that this publication focuses on concerns the Training of Trainers for the Teacher Qualification Upgrading Programme in Nepal (ToT Nepal) funded by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Finland, HEI ICI programme. The main goal of the programme was to strengthen the capacity of Tribhuvan University to establish an open and distance learning system.
Distance learners in higher education : institutional responses for quality outcomes
Distance learning for higher education : an annotated bibliography
Distance training : how innovative organizations are using technology to maximize learning and meet business objectives
The information seeking behaviour of distance students : a study of twenty Swedish library and information science students
Where do we go from here? : feminist challenges fo information technology
MOOCs and higher education : implications for institutional research
Policy for open and distance learning
Distance learning in ELT
The role of the library in distance learning : a study of postgraduate students, course providers and librarians in the Uk
Online conferencing : lessons learned
Rethinking pedagogy for digital age : designing and delivering e-learning
Learning how to study again : a practical guide to study skills for mature students returning to education or distance learning
Reaching learners through telecommunications : management and leadership strategies for higer education
Will the Internet transform higher education?
"State-of-the-art" review specification : CMC techniques as applicable to the support of open and distance learning and the specification of appropriate tools for use in SCHEMA
Open and distance learning : case studies from industry and education
Changing spaces of education : new perspectives on the nature of learning
Digital media in blended coaching : interaction and distance presence in adult education
Technology, open learning and distance education
Virtuality and digital nomadism : an introduction to the LIVE Project (1997-2000)
Encyclopedia of distance learning
Compressed video learning : creating active learners
Library services for off-campus and distance education : the second annotated bibliography
Virtual instruction : issues and insights from an international perspective
Distance learning : the McGraw-Hill handbook of
Computer mediated communication and the online classroom. Volume 2, Higher education
The potential cost-effectiveness of tertiary open and distance learning
The theory and practice of learning
Vocational education and training through open and distance learning
The end of college : creating the future of learning and the university of everywhere
Finn talk : neljä, viisi, kuusi..neljä, viis, kuus : part two of a multimedia Finnish language course
The mature student's study guide : essential skills for those returning to education or distance learning
Educational studies collaboratively through distance and contact  teaching
Towards more effective open and distance teaching
Cases on distance delivery and learning outcomes : emerging trends and programs
Virtual learning communities : a guide for practitioners
Using communications media in open and flexible learning
Theory and practice of distance education
Distance Teaching in the Field of Technology and Software
Distance education : a system view
Educational Studies Collaboratively via Distance and Contact learning
The distance learner's guide : Western cooperative for educational telecommunications
The road to the information society : new technologies for education and training
Finn talk : yksi, kaksi, kolme..yks, kaks, kolme : part one of a multimedia Finnish language course
Distance learning : the essential guide
The feedback in the participation of adults in a professional development distance education program
Presence at a distance : the educator-learner relationship in distance education
Open learning for adults
Understanding distance education : a framework for the future
The virtual classroom : learning without limits via computer networks
Assessing open and distance learners
Supporting the learner in open and distance learning
Telelearning via the Internet
Building learning communities in cyberspac : effective strategies for the online classroom
How to find and adapt materials and select media
The international review of research in open and distance learning
What they didnʼt teach you in graduate school : 199 helpful hints for success in your academic career
"So much more  than just a web course"
Delivering learning on the net : the why, what & how of online education
