http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12676 collections
collections
Soul workshop : Original VeeJay recordings
Numerous economic and social problems emerging from transition in Russia highlight the nearsightedness of current economic reform policies.Moves such as liberation of culture from direct state control are clearly for the better, but overall, the reforms have had a negative impact on Russian cultural life.  The study is organized as follows: section one describes the actuality of analysis of the impact economic reform in Russia has had on culture and the fine arts.Section two looks at the denationalization effects on culture and patronage issues.Section three describes a vicious circle that has led to "cultural goods" of poor quality.Problems of education in transitional period are analyzed in section four.The conclusion is devoted to analysis of official views of cultural consequences of economic reforms in Russia. .
The number of accessions in 2010 amounted to 652 vertebrate specimens, some 36,600 insects, and 11,231 samples of other invertebrates. The systematic groups represented are listed below and some noteworthy records for Finland are reported..
The Gods of H.P. Lovecraft: a brand new anthology that collects the twelve principal deities of the Lovecraftian Mythos and sets them loose within its pages. Featuring the biggest names in horror and dark fantasy, including many New York Times bestsellers, full of original fiction and artwork, and individual commentary on each of the deities by Donald Tyson. Lovecraft's bestiary of gods has had a major influence on the horror scene from the time these sacred names were first evoked. Cthulhu, Azathoth, Nyarlathotep, Yog-Sothoth--this pantheon of the horrific calls to mind the very worst of cosmic nightmares and the very darkest signs of human nature. The Gods of H.P. Lovecraft brings together twelve all-new Mythos tales from:Cthulhu (Adam Nevill)Yog-Sothoth (Martha Wells)Azathoth (Laird Barron)Nyarlathotep (Bentley Little)Shub-Niggurath (David Liss)Tsathoggua (Brett Talley)The Mi-Go (Christopher Golden & James A. Moore)Night-gaunts (Jonathan Maberry)Elder Things (Joe Lansdale)Great Race (Rachel Caine)Yig (Douglas Wynne)The Deep Ones (Seanan McGuire)
The cultural consequences of Russian reform
This paper examines the driving forces in stock market fluctuations in Russia.We found no evidence of a causal relationship running from the emerging stock markets of Asia to Russia.Instead, US and Japanese share price movements seem to have strong implications for Russian share prices. Keywords: Russia, stock markets, causality testing .
Broken dreams. Vol. 7 : Hopes and glories of British rock 1963-1969
Survey of readers of BOFIT publications, spring-summer  2001
Blunted Beatz. 3
A note on inflation under the Estonian Currency Board
Unknown Fabergé : new finds and re-discoveries
New breed workin' : blues with a rhythm
Russia's economy has recovered after the deep recession in 1998 and the country currently scores high growth figures.One driving force is the booming oil sector, which gains from high world oil prices.Russia is very dependant on raw materials, and especially of the oil sector.The country is close to the limits of oil production and export capacity.Investments in new capacity and improvement of old are desperately needed.Moreover, during the current high oil price period, and especially recently as the largest oil company Yukos has been under attack by the authorities, international observers have become especially alert to fluctuations on the oil sector.The Yukos affair has ensured us that Russia's transition towards a market economy is far from over. However, foreign companies seem to be adapting to the situation, as foreign investments to Russia still continues to grow, despite the conflict.Keywords: Russia, oil, oil production, oil export, investment atmosphere .
This article gives an overview of the role, microstructure and the present state of development of the Tallinn Stock Exchange (TSE). This topic has not been discussed widely enough by foreign media because the TSE is still quite young, having commenced operations on 31 May 1996.The rules of the TSE allow a certain degree of freedom but at the same time entail fairly high standards for participants.That is one of the reasons why activity on the TSE is growing so rapidly.For the year, the TSE outperformed the stock exchanges in Riga and Vilnius in many areas, as measured by most indicators.The TSE has also provided numerous benefits to both Estonia and companies whose shares are traded.For instance, Estonia's financial system is now considered to have reached a developed stage and companies are finding it easier to raise capital because the TSE provides an objective assessment of their value.  Keywords:Equities markets, stock exchanges, Estonia .
Political stability and consensus : Keys to sustainable  transition
The little black book of : all time smash hits
Ateneumin taidemuseo : kuvaluettelo = Konstmuseet i Ateneum : bilder = The Art Gallery of Ateneum : illustrations
Mindfulness : the piano collection : [20 beautiful piano pieces to help you relax and unwind]
Collected songs : medium / low voice : 60 songs
Dance across the floor : 70's hit party
Finnish folklore reader and glossary
Repliker av reliker : repliktillverkningen vid Wasavarvets konserveringsavdelning = Replicas of relics : replica production at the conservation department of the Wasa Museum
The urban fantasy anthology
Industry Policy in Transition : the Case of Latvia
Distance to acid trance
This paper reviews the theoretical methodology on economic indicators, and constructs an aggregate index of coincident economic indicators for Estonia.The index tracks economic activity fairly well for the sample period.The evolution of the index in the first eight months of this year suggests that the pace of economic expansion in Estonia is slowing down significantly: from a growth rate of 10.5 percent in the first eight months of 1997, to 6.0 percent in the same period of 1998. .
The article deals with current state and future possibilities of the development of economic cooperation within the framework of Cornmonwealth of Independent States (CIS).According to author's position, both the most probable and the most preferable scenario of the process under review would be gradual reintegration of the member-states national economies within the alliance.At the same time, author discusses several major obstacles which at the moment (as well as at least in the medium run) hinder reintegration movement. Key words:Commonwealth of Independent States (CIS), economic integration, Russia, foreign trade. .
1800-talsmässing = 19th century brass
The sustainability of Russian fiscal policy
Return to the Star-Club
One hundred years ago, missionary Hilja Heiskanen brought the first Tibetan  and Bhutanese museum collections to Finland.1 The first collection was acquired  by the National Museum in 1908, the second in 1912. At the beginning of the  20th century, Miss Heiskanen worked in the Baxa Duar and Darjeeling districts  in India for nine years in all as a member of the Scandinavian Alliance Mission,  whose original initiative was to convert Tibetans. This interest can be seen in the  contents of the two collections. Heiskanen grouped the 65 items included in the  first collection as Religious items from Tibet, with additions of Bhutanese, Tibetan  and Hindu items.2 The second collection is larger, 121 numbers, and, according to  the description given by Heiskanen, it consists mainly of various Tibetan items.3  Some of these objects are presented in this paper. According to the theme of  the workshop Himalayan Nature: Representations and Reality held in Helsinki in  March 2008, items made of organic material, mostly of plant parts, are examined  more closely. This means a group of various objects and samples from ritual  items, such as incense, to the non-sacral utility goods, like sheep fat and samples  of foodstuffs. The main effort has been in identifying the natural materials as far  as possible, and, secondly, to give a short description of the customary use of the  chosen items. Thus the purpose has been to contextualize particular items into  particular cultural environments. Natural materials and the items made of them  can and do draw connecting links into wider cultural contexts concerning many  layers of life.
Ride daddy ride! : and other songs of love
The exchange rate regime and economic recovery
Once upon a poem : favorite poems that tell stories
Latvia in Transition : First Challenges and First Results
Brave enough
The great book of the National Museum
Selected poems
The number of accessions in 2012 amounted to 960 vertebrate specimens, 13,272 insects, and 3,105 samples of other invertebrates. The systematic groups represented are listed below and noteworthy faunistic records are reported..
This study examines how inflation and money supply growth have interacted in Russia.It covers the period from January 1992, when price liberalization was introduced, to December 1997.An error correction model includes an error correction term (ie deviation from long-run equilibrium) extracted from the estimated long-run money demand function. When the error correction term was included, it was found that much of the effect of monetary expansion on inflation was felt within three months.Further, the error correction term is shown to have a statistically significant coefficient with the correct sign in the money demand equation, implying that deviations from long-run equilibrium contain useful information on future monetary growth. The model reinforces the observation that monetary policy inevitably plays the key role in reducing inflation.Thus, if a reduction in inflation is desired, the central bank may find it impossible to reconcile this goal with other obligations, for example, with financing of the central government budget via large deficits. Keywords: inflation, models, Russia .
Putin has now been nominally running the country for nearly a year. The question that seized us all earlier this year - Who is Mr. Putin? - has been long since answered, although in different ways. The issue that preoccupies us now is the broader, and more important, one of where Russia is headed.Putin is of course part of the answer, but only a part, and perhaps only a small part.Much more depends on the conditions and broad trends in Russia and the limits they place on possible Russian futures.The search for the answer therefore begins with a prior question: What kind of Russia did Yeltsin bequeath to Putin?Having answered that question, we need to take a look at what has changed under Putin's leadership. Only then can we lay out some plausible scenarios for Russia's development over the next few years.  Keywords: Russia, economic and political system, Vladimir Putin .
Solo : the deluxe edition
English weather : Bob Stanley & Pete Wiggs present
Classical gassers : pop gems inspired by the great composers
BBC Radio 1's dance anthems Ibiza : 20 years
Comparative advantage and characteristics of Russia's  trade with the European Union
Accessions to the Zoological Museum of the Finnish Museum of Natural History, University of Helsinki/Helsingfors in 1997.
Hits of the year : guitar chord songbook
Dj Yoda's how to cut & paste : mix tape vol. 1
The giant guitar chord songbook : the unplugged collection
The herbarium accessions amount to 17,308 specimens, including 6,599 specimens of phanerogams and pteridophytes, 1,708 specimens of bryophytes and algae, 9,000 specimens of fungi (including lichens), and 1 specimen of zoocecidia. Some details of noteworthy accessions are given here..
Willows songs
S. W. A. L .K. ; Rockers vibration
"Monetarism" and monetary policy in Russia
The London American label year by year : 1966
The Republic of Karelia : its economy and financial  administration
Evolution of ownership change and corporate control in  Poland
Chicago blues : The early 1950's
Payment arrangements among economies in transition : the case of the CIS
Hoosier daddy : Mar-Vel' and the birth of Indiana rockabilly
The paper analyzes development of Sino-Russian trade in the period 1985-1995, considering both the general state of relations between the two countries and internal logic of transitional processes taking place in China and Russia. The authors start with an analysis of trade dynamics and a review of the commodity composition of exports and imports.The following sections deal with regional cooperation and border trade.On the basis of their analysis, the authors conclude that, in spite of problems, Sino-Russian trade for the period of 1985-1995 developed quite rapidly and still possesses the substantial potential for sustainable future growth. .
Ethnographical collection from the Kiwai district of British New Guinea, in the National Museum of Finland, Helsingfors (Helsinki) : A descriptive survey of the material culture of the Kiwai people = Kansatieteellinen kokoelma Kiwai-alueelta Brittiläisessä Uudessa Guineassa, Suomen kansallismuseossa : kuvaileva katsaus kiwai-kansan aineelliseen kulttuuriin
The Baltics' ways : Intentions, Scenarios, Prospects
Rhythm 'n' bluesin' by the bayou : vocal groups
In recent years, the relationships of the three Baltic states with the European Union have intensified through a variety of agreements aimed at further developing economic and political relations, and ultimately, integration with the European Union.The most important agreements to date have been the Agreements on Trade and Commercial and Economic Cooperation, the Free Trade Agreement, and more recently, Association Agreements (also known as Europe Agreements). Through these, Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania have asserted their intentions to become fully integrated with Europe. Compared to current EU members, however, the economic, political and social structures of the Baltics are still in transition.To help them as well as other "Central and Eastern European Countries" or "CEECs" in their preparation for membership, the EU has issued a White Paper on approximation of laws, established the Phare expertise-assistance programme, and given at least some preliminary indications as to the conditions for entry. The Baltics are presently focused on the outcome of the EU's Intergovernmental Conference.By 1998, the IGC must decide on the scope of eastern enlargement and, in particular, designate when and under what terms the Baltics are to be admitted to the EU. The European Union's unwillingness to specify conditions and dates for possible membership has become a matter of contention as the Baltic states have continuously insisted on exact dates for their admission.Further, the EU still prefers to deal with the Baltics as a single entity, while the Baltics themselves wish to be treated individually on their own merits.Quite evidently the matter will continue to hang in the air until the EU has reviewed the consequences of eastern enlargement and taken decisions on special admission criteria. Keywords: Baltic countries, enlargement, EU, integration .
Collection of images of posters, flyers, zines, and other promotional materials for punk rock acts
Big box of rockabilly volume 2
The taxation of banks in Russia
EC integration: does it mean East-West disintegration?
An error correction model for Russian inflation
Music from New Orleans and Warsaw: Records from the Harry Orvomaa collection
Real gold : treasures of Auckland City Libraries
Accessions to the Zoological Museum of the Finnish Museum of Natural History, University of Helsinki, in 2012.
Hed Kandi : Dusk till disco
Merry Christmas everybody : Pop side
Chicago calling
Chicago blues 60's style
Ultimate 60's : 4 CD:s of the greatest music from the 1960s
The Verso book of dissent : revolutionary words from three millennia of rebellion and resistance
Insider-led privatization in Poland, Russia and Lithuania : a comparison
Sounds of the 80s. Volume 2
The article consists of three parts.Part one focuses on some of the main economic and legal questions involving the Russian tax system in general.The basic principles and legal framework of the tax system are analyzed.Part two concentrates on the taxation of banks in more detail.The main types of taxes levied on banks are discussed.Finally, part three contains some suggestions for improving the efficiency of the Russian tax system in the future. .
South Texas rhythm 'n' soul revue 2
Polish economic review 2/2002
Polish economic review 1/2002
The ends of the earth : an anthology of the finest writing on the Arctic and the Antarctic
Different strokes : Previously unissued recordings and mixes
his study examines how inflation has responded to changes in the rate of money supply growth in Russia.The study covers the period from January 1992 when price liberalization was introduced to December 1995.The error correction model uses an error correction term (i.e. deviation from long-run equilibrium) extracted from the estimated long-run money demand function. When the error correction term was included, it was found that much of the effect of monetary expansion was felt within three months. Further, the error correction term is shown to have statistically significant coefficient with a correct sign, implying that deviations from long-term equilibrium contain useful information about future inflation. The model reinforces the observation that monetary policy inevitably plays the main role in reducing inflation.Thus, if a reduction in inflation is desired, the central bank may find it impossible to reconcile this goal with other obligations, for example, the financing of the central government budget through large deficits. Keywords: inflation, models, Russia .
Searching for economic reforms : Soviet economists on the  road to perestroika
The purpose of this study is to compare insider privatization in three countries.Two problems the author faced should be noted.First, whereas in Russia and in Lithuania insider ownership was an important element in all privatization, in Poland it was in practice limited to relatively small enterprises".The second problem was that the material the author obtained on Lithuanian privatization did not allow for farreaching comparisons.Lithuanian privatization is dealt with separately, but many of the findings in section 3 are probably applicable to Lithuanian privatization as well. In section 2 we evaluate privatization policies in the countries in our survey and examine how insider participation was arranged in these countries.In section 3 insider control is evaluated in more detail.Section 4 concludes the study. .
This paper provides a general assessment of transport network of the St.Petersburg region and examines the possibilities for collaboration between Russia and Finland in utilizing and enhancing the function of this network.Treating transport infrastructure as a precondition to certain forms of international economic relations, the authors argue that in recent years the transport network under review has become increasingly inadequate to handle the changing and growing needs of economic collaboration between the two countries. Nevertheless, prospects for the future are not entirely gloomy. Russia, Finland and many other countries stand to benefit substantially from the development of the transport infrastructure in the St.Petersburg region.Therefore a number of joint projects have currently been started to remedy the situation. .
Preliminary tests on price formation and weak-form  efficiency in Baltic stock exchanges
The little black book of 6-chord songs
The complete Stax/Volt singles 1959-1968 : 9 volume box set
Browse : the world in bookshops
Reckless daughter : a Joni Mitchell anthology
Soul allnighter: 60's stompers & 70's dancefloor classics
Insider privatization in Russia: speculatiosn on systemic change
The anatomy of the Tallinn Stock Exchange
Quadra : klenoder i Kungl. Myntkabinettet = Treasures in the Royal Coin Cabinet
Fiscal federalism in Russia
Macroeconomic crisis and price distortions in Russia
Romantic clarinet anthology. 1 : 25 pieces for Bb clarinet and piano = 25 pièces pour clarinette avec accompagnement de piano = 25 Stücke für Klarinette mit Klavierbegleitung
A treasury of Victorian murder compendium. II
But...Does Mr.  Coase Go to Russia?
Ho-dad hootenanny too!
Making Museum Collections: Missionary Hilja Heiskanen's Himalayan artefacts
The Philip K. Dick megapack : 15 classic science fiction stories
Ex Bibliotheca Ducis Curlandiae : Riga, Rundāle, 2014
The paper presents a hierarchy of the rational investor's counterfactual portfolios that consist of treasury bills of the three largest CIS countries - Russia, Ukraine, and Kazakhstan, in case some degree of at least negative integration is achieved there.The author performs an adjustment of the measure of relative attractiveness of various counterfactual two-country and three-country portfolios for the estimated opening-up shock (that consists in a dramatic re-allocation of funds, given the optimal portfolio composition).It has been found out that there is only one counterfactual optimal portfolio that is realistically feasible.This would comprise the government-issued papers from all the three countries considered and would imply the international rational investor's following a mildly risk-averse investment strategy.Importantly, an overhaul of exchange-rate and monetary policy is unnecessary, which fact augments the incentives for the countries involved, even despite their political resentment. In the Annex, the author undertakes an attempt to demonstrate that the recent collapse of the Russian treasury bills market can be explained in terms of the derivatives market analysis. Keywords: optimal investment portfolio; financial integration; economy in transition; government bonds market; derivative instruments; Russian treasury bills .
Optimal currency areas, EMU and the outlook for Eastern  Europe
The free exchange rate in Russia: policy, dynamics, and projections for the future
A celebration of the most influential and thought-provoking speeches that have shaped the world we live in. With comprehensive, chronological coverage of speeches from the 20th and 21st centuries, taken from all corners of the globe, entries all feature photo headshots of the speakers plus an introduction explaining the background behind every speech and biographical details of each of the speakers as well as analysis of each speech throughout including buzzwords, memorable phrases and marginal notes.
Paws and whiskers : animal tales from Jacqueline Wilson, Michael Morpurgo, Enid Blyton and more!
Memphis rockabillies, hillbillies & honky tonkers : Volume 6
Boppin' by the bayou : Drive-ins & baby dolls
Tax revenues constitute the main source of public sector funding for most countries.Russia's complex and ineffective tax system has hindered its economy and led to significant decrease in tax revenues.The new Tax Code approved in summer 1997 in the first reading of the Russian Duma was designed to remedy many of the problems with the current tax system.Its main objectives were to ensure simplification of the tax system, restoration of tax discipline, stimulation of production and protection of adequate tax revenues.Subsequently, there has been much discussion as to whether these objectives can be achieved by the proposed Tax Code draft, and thousands of amendments have been proposed.The discussion has centered around income and enterprise taxation, i.e areas where Russian practice differs considerably from other countries.Traditionally, income taxation in Russia has been a minor contributor to state revenues, while enterprise taxation has been a considerable contributor.According to the hypothetical calculations of the Tax Code Tax draft, federal and regional tax revenues as a share of GDP will decline, while revenues from extrabudgetary funds will increase.The aggregate tax burden should decrease from approximately 35.1% to 32.4% of GDP.These estimates are based on the assumption that GDP starts to grow and tax discipline is better enforced.This is the core of the tax reform and a key element in the success of Russia's economic reform as a whole.  Keywords: Russia, taxation .
Monetary Overhang, Inflation and Stabilization in the  Economies in Transition
The transport network structure of the St.Petersburg region and  its impact on Russian-Finnish economic cooperation
The state of U.S.-Russian relations and the new Bush  administration
This paper assesses the current state and future prospects of the Russian economy after the August 1998 financial crisis.The industrial growth visible since Autumn 1998 may well be unsustainable, as it is based on currency undervaluation and low real wages.Over a longer period, the characteristics of the economic system that has emerged in Russia cast a long shadow over the prospects of growth and prosperity.In fact, the whole country should be rebuilt. .
The herbarium accessions amount to 16,777 specimens, including 5,605 phanerogams and pteridophytes, 2,573 specimens of bryophytes and algae, 3,448 specimens of fungi and 5,151 specimens of lichens. Some details of noteworthy accessions are given here.
Laivankuvia Rauman museossa = Portraits of ships at the Rauma Museum
Interdependence of politics and economic development : financial stabilization in Russia
A.E. Nordenskiöld collection included in the Unesco Memory
After a decade of moving from plan to market economies, variations in the rate of economic reforms and performance are evident for transition countries.For many, stabilisation of economic fundamentals has given way toward the issues of creating deeper institutional and structural reforms.The evidence of successful transitions indicates a positive link between liberalisation and economic performance.However, the evidence does not fully capture the domestic country-specific choice of political regime and the degree of social consensus.This paper, part of a two-paper series, argues that these are important explanatory variables for the rate of transition chosen by a country and for sustained reforms for fast-reformers.Political stability and consensus correlate with a faster reform effort.Political instability and lack of consensus, corresponding to conflict zones, correlates with delayed reform. Evidence from transition countries shows that the countries in the latter group, e.g. countries in the Caucasus, shift to a fast-track reform process once political stability and consensus replace internal conflict.In contrast, countries with political stability but lack of consensus remain relatively stagnant in their rates of economic reforms and economic growth. .
Fashion : a history from the 18th to the 20th century. Volume II : 20th century
Russia : The state and future of the economy
The study analyses developments in the structure of Moscow banks' balance sheets, returns and costs of their different banking operations, as well as the banks' profitability, liquidity and capital adequacy.The analysis covers the years 1995-1997 when Russia was attempting to pursue a macroeconomic policy aimed at monetary stabilisation.An assessment is also given of the problems which were evolving in the Russian banking system before banks were hit by Russia's financial crisis in summer 1998. The analysis itself presents rather detailed data on the balance sheets and banking operations of a large sample of banks registered in Moscow; at the peak, the sample consisted of 688 banks. Keywords: Russian banks, bank credit, Treasury bills, deposits, interest rates, bank regulation .
This study assesses the causes of dollarization in Russia. Dollarization is defined here as the use of foreign currency both as a medium of exchange and store of value.  According to different estimates, the current degree of dollarization of the Russian economy is 40-50 per cent.Inquiry into sources and mechanisms of dollarization in Russia reveals the main factors influencing its evolution - dynamics of inflation and the dollar exchange rate, as well as the uncertainty level of money and credit policy.  The model of dollarization assessing the influence of key parameters of macroeconomic policy - inflation, exchange and interest rates - on dynamics of dollarization is created in the paper.Main conclusions and relationships of the model are tested on Russian data.Implications of obtained results for macroeconomic policy in Russia are discussed.  Keywords:dollarization, monetary policy, models, Russia .
Žižek's jokes : (did you hear the one about Hegel and negation?)
Desperate rock 'n' roll. Volume four
A vector error correction model for prices, money, output,  and interest rate in Russia
The number of accessions in 2013 amounted to 1842 vertebrate specimens, 27,9827 insects and 4,889 samples of other invertebrates. The systematic groups represented are listed below..
The Upsetter collection
Estimating the opening-up shock : an optimal portfolio  approach to would-be integration of the C.I.S. financial  markets
Tales from beyond science
Investment needs of the St.Petersburg economy and the  possibilities to meeting them
The secret museum
The blues guitar box
The gods of HP Lovecraft
Private sector development and liberalization in the Baltics
The soul sessions
Accessions to the Botanical Museum of the Finnish Museum of Natural History, University of Helsinki, in 2013.
Accessions to the Zoological Museum of the Finnish Museum of Natural History, University of Helsinki, in 2010.
Empire : Classic movie music
We test the informational efficiency of the three Baltic stock exchanges.It was found that the price indices used in testing are not even weak-form efficient, ie past returns can be used to predict future returns.It was also found that the time series of daily returns clearly exhibit autoregressive conditional heteroscedasticity. We also test Granger causality amongst the Baltic stock exchanges and from three stock exchanges outside the region.Outside the region only US market seems to affect prices in the Baltic stock exchanges.Inside the region Tallinn and Riga stock exchanges have clear effects on Lithuanian stock market, but Lithuanian market does not affect the other two. Keywords: Baltic countries, stock markets, efficiency .
Lipstick, powder & paint : A decade of girls 1953-1962
Accessions to the Botanical Museum of the Finnish Museum of Natural History, University of Helsinki, in 2012.
Studio One Rockers
How much oil can Russia produce? / a study in the Russian oil sector
East-West integration
The ultimate guide to English folk
Count Basie & Joe Williams
An index of coincident economic indicators for Estonia
Dollarization and monetary policy in Russia
The mammoth book of Jack the Ripper stories
Developments in the Russian Banking Sector in 1992-1993
Shapes & shadows : psychedelic pop and other rare flavours from the Chapter One vaults 1968-72
Interpreting and implementing currency convertibility in Central and Eastern Europe: a Hungarian perspective
Clarks in Jamaica
Assessing causal linkages between the emerging stock  markets of Asia and Russia
Classic Joe Jackson
Since the Copenhagen and Essen Summits in June 1993 and December 1994, there has been a consensus on eastern enlargement.Central and Eastern European countries have been shown the green light in terms of accession.However, questions of when and how remain open for discussion.The main elements of the accession strategy appear in the Europe Agreements on economic cooperation, the White Paper on approximation of laws, the Phare programme of economic aid to the associated countries and structured dialogue.  At the moment, the aspirant members are not ready to take on the complex set of rules ranging from minimum social and environmental standards in the single market to the application of competition law.  In respect to transition development, markets already finction reasonably well in most CEECs.However, in several areas of economic activity, effective and transparent corporate governance and appropriate standards for conducting business still have a long way to go.This applies, in particular, to enterprise restructuring, strengthening of financial institutions, commercialisation of infrastructure and environmental protection. Furthermore, many changes in legal structures are still required. Regrading to macroeconomic stabilisation, progress towards stability continues, growth remains relatively strong and inflation has declined.Nevertheless, increasing trade deficits, real exchange rate appreciation and signs of a deterioration in international competitiveness may lower growth.In addition, expectations concerning wage increases, further liberalisation of administered prices, money supply growth caused by high interest rates, and growth of credits to enterprises are to fuell inflation in the future.  From the EU's point of view, the official framework for admission to the EU involves, among others, the Commission preparing an opinion (avis) on the applicant's ability to acceppt the body of EU law (aquis communautaire).Furthermore, the Commission must prepare a report on the EU's financial framework covering the early years of the next century and likely effects of enlargement.Finally, before enlargement can take place, the Intergovernmental Conference must succeed in streamlining EU decision-making and institutions, extending EU responsibility for joint foreign and defence policies and improving cooperation in home affairs matters.  The EU has grown to fifteen members through four enlargements. Monetary integration is currently scheduled for 1999 and given the amount of effort made, there seems no way turning back.Monetary union is considered a logical extension of the single market and therefore, enlargement cannot be pursued at the expense of monetary union.Only after monetary union has started functioning, concrete actions can be taken in terms of enlargement.  Keywords: Integration, Central and Eastern Europe, the Europe Agreements, The European Union, the European Monetary Union, eastern enlargement. .
The Good, The Bad, The Ugly & The Crazy
Catalogue of medieval manuscript fragments in the Helsinki University Library : Fragmenta membranea. 4:1, Antiphonaria : text
Aloha got soul : soul, aor & disco in Hawaii 1979-1985
Oh so pretty : punk in print 1976-80
A reggae christmas : RAS Records presents
Meltin' Pot : popular, fashion music
Manager Training : Another Emerging Market in Russian  Educational Services
The subject of this article is East-West integration.Part two examines the issue of integration between East and West by introducing the club theory as applied to international relations.The general assumption of the club theory is that the costs and benefits are a function of the size of the club and that the club size will be expanded till the marginal costs equal the marginal benefits.Part three examines the concrete benefits and costs of EU enlargement.There are economic and political gains, budgetary costs, voting and migration effects involved in the integration between East and West.Finally, part four discusses visions and realism of further integration and suggestions for interim policies while achieving an integrated Europe. .
Red spectres : Russian gothic tales from the twentieth century
Russian Monetary Policy Since January 1992
Paint it black
Central bank independence in the Baltic countries
The theoretical literature suggests four criteria for judging whether regions should form a currency area: mobility of labour and capital, flexibility of prices and wages, openness to trade and diversity of production.Regions that have relatively closed economies, narrow product ranges, strong price and wage rigidities, and low external mobility of labour and capital should not join monetary union, but should instead retain exchange-rate flexibility.  According to Maastricht Treaty, countries wishing to join EMU must fulfil the convergence criteria on interest rate levels, exchange rates, price stability and public debt.Several studies indicate that neither current EU-members nor the Central and Eastern European countries fully satisfy Mundell's criteria for optimal currency area (OCA) or EMU convergence criteria.Therefore, a European monetary union might run more smoothly if limited to a subset of EU members.  European Union is less of an optimal currency area than, for example, the US, due to lower factor mobility, more variable real exchange rates and slower response to aggregate shocks.Regarding to convergence criteria, it seems that the majoriy of the EU-countries satisfy the criteria to price stability whereas more efforts are needed where public debt is concerned.In respect of Central and Eastern European countries, the successful conclusion of systematic transformation and market oriented structural reforms is essential before participation in EMU.At present, countries should concentrate on maintaining their commitment to stabilization and on development further modern monetary and fiscal policies. Furthermore, they must complete financial sector reform, and liberalize capital movements.In addition, their central banks have to become fully independent and have price stability as primary objective.Actions should be taken to tackle factors that hinder the efficiency of monetary policy e.g. the volatility of money demand, the poor degree of privatization and competition in the banking sector, the non-existence of a enforcable bankruptcy law, the lack of development of money and securities markets and the problem "bad loans" in the banking sector.  Endogineity of OCA criteria argues that suitability of European countries, both Western and Eastern, for EMU cannot be judged on the basis of historical data since the structure of these economies is likely to change in EMU.The more countries integrate with each other, the more highly correlated will be their business cycles. Therefore, if a country, failing the OCA criteria now, goes ahead and joins EMU anyway, its trade linkages and income correlation with other EMU members are likely to rise as a consequence of entry into EMU.  Keywords: EMU, OCA, integration, transition, Central and Eastern Europe, enlargement .
Suomen ortodoksisen kirkon taideaarteita Kuopion ortodoksisessa kirkkomuseossa = Art treasures of the eastern orthodox church of Finland in the Kuopio orthodox church museum
Privatization in Czechoslovakia: Preliminary report
This study assesses the causes of dollarization in Lithuania. Dollarization is defined here as the use of foreign currency both as a medium of exchange and store of value. The study observes that, as the theory suggests, the degree of dollarization (measured as the ratio of foreign currency deposits to M2) depends on the interest rate differential,.However, exchange rate movements do not offer any additional explanatory power to dollarization.In all likelihood, this depends on the currency board system currently in place in Lithuania.Devaluation expectations are probably embodied to a large extent in the interest rate differential.Degree of dollarization exhibits also some inertia. .
Towards European Union Eastern enlargement : progress and  problems in pre-accession
The paper analyzes the development in Russian-European Union trade in the transition.After a significant adjustment of the trade data, and a short overview of the general development in Russian trade, the author analyses the trade dynamics and the commodity composition of exports and imports, using 3 and 5-digit Standard International Trade Classification.The outcome of the analysis shows that although Russian exports since 1992 have increased in terms of variety, the development in manufacturing exports is disappointing, especially with regard to light manufacturing and consumer goods.And not surprisingly Russia reveals a comparative advantage in minerals and metals.The level of intra-industry trade between Russia and the EU remains low and there is no sign of an increase; the opposite pattern from that of the Central European countries.On the whole this study shows that there are no clear signs of changes to the structure of foreign trade between Russia and the EU, to some extent the result of the lack of restructuring in the Russian economy.  Keywords: Russia, European Union, foreign trade, revealed comparative advantage, intra-industry trade .
The herbarium accessions amount to 19,853 specimens, including 4,751 phanerogams and pteridophytes, 2,559 specimens of bryophytes and algae, 5,000 specimens of fungi, 7,542 specimens of lichens, and 1 specimen of zoocecidia. Some details of noteworthy accessions are given here.
Classic girl groups
Accessions to the Botanical Museum of the Finnish Museum of Natural History, University of Helsinki, in 2014.
Last of the garage punk unknowns. Volumes 3 & 4.
The Asian financial crisis has engulfed most of the region's countries, with the notable exception of China, which has maintained a stable dollar exchange rate.However, China's situation is being widely discussed, some commentators claim that China will eventually be forced to devalue while others maintain that China neither needs to nor would gain from a devaluation. China, not yet a fully open economy, has the means and resources to withstand pressures against its currency.Reserves remain comfortable and the trade surplus is even growing as China's exports to the United States and Europe continue to grow at a healthy pace although exports to other Asian countries have slumped.Domestic economic activity is recovering from a slowdown as public expenditure is rising.However, rapid reform of China's state-owned industries and bad-debt ridden state-owned commercial banks may be endangered if foreign direct investment fails to pick up the slack in the labour market as stateowned industries and government ministries shed millions of workers.Chinese authorities might be tempted to ease the pressure through a devaluation of the renminbi.However, China's exports have an import content of 50 percent, so a small devaluation would make little difference, and a large devaluation would probably trigger a new round of competitive devaluations among the region's countries, in the end leaving everyone worse off than before.For the time being China is therefore best served by maintaining a stable exchange rate, but in the longer term China may have to reconsider the wisdom of its peg to the US dollar. Keywords: China, Asian crisis, devaluation, exports, trade surplus, exchange reserves, renminbi, reform .
The aim of this article is to establish the level of independence that each of the Estonian, Latvian and Lithuanian central banks enjoy according to law and in practice.The rationale behind this is the well-known both empirically and theoretically verified relationship between central bank independence (CBI) and inflation rate arising from the increased monetary policy credibility that is possible to obtain by strengthening the position of the central bank (CB).In this paper two different indices of central bank independence are used to measure the level of legal CBI of the Baltic central banks, namely Grilli - Masciandro - Tabellini (1991) and Cukierman (1992).Ex-post turnover rates of central bank governors are then calculated as an indicator of actual CBI or more precisely the lack of it. The main findings of the study are firstly the results of the indexation process.It is safe to say that the Baltic central banks have been endowned with highly independent legal positions. Furthermore, there are no truly significant variations between the three countries in this respect.Secondly, a quite different picture arises when actual CBI is studied.The calculated turnover rate of the Lithuanian CB governors is far higher than the comparabale figure for Estonia and especially Latvia.Even though the time frame used in this study is rather short for obvious reasons the Lithuanian rate has to be taken as a sign of non- satisfactory level of autonomy of the CB.Apart from measuring the level of CBI this paper concentrates on the credibility of monetary and exchange rate policies pursued in the Baltic countries in recent years.It is argued that the reasons for the lower than desired credibility of the Lithuanian monetary system compared to Latvia or Estonia are the low level of actual CBI and the political nature and instability of monetary decision making in the country. Keywords: Baltic countries, central bank independence, policy credibility .
Open house compilation
A Fashion statement : The Fashion Records story
50 speeches that made the modern world
Phil Spector : the early productions 1958-1961
How to love : Graphic novels by Actus Comics
The little black book of solid gold hits
This article draws a historical perspective on clearing systems and payment unions examining their manifestations from simple barter systems to EMU.The introduction of commensurability, transferability and convertibility and their cost-saving effects are explained in formal terms and by means of numerical illustration. The prerequisites for introducing convertibility through clearing unions are discussed generally and in terms of the CIS.Based on the experiences of the Interstate Bank and the Finnish-Soviet clearing system, the author concludes that an arrangement similar to the European Payment Union would not, for a number of reasons, provide a viable solution for CIS clearing arrangements.Rather, the rapidly developing commercial banking sector and multi-CIS financial-industrial groups potentially have the capability to adequately accommodate the problem as long as members pursue sound monetary and foreign exchange rate policies. Keywords: clearing, payment union, CIS .
The big acoustic guitar chord songbook
Dream a little dream of me : 20 romantic love ballads
Accessions to the Botanical Museum of the Finnish Museum of Natural History, University of Helsinki, in 1997.
Love, peace & poetry : Chilean psychedelic music
Will China catch the Asian flu?
Porvoon museon taidekokoelmat = Konstsamlingarna i Borgå museum = The art collections of Porvoo Museum : Edelfelt-Vallgren museo - museum
Accessions to the Zoological Museum of the Finnish Museum of Natural History, University of Helsinki, in 2014.
The joint : Hip hop R&B cuts. Volume 1.
10th anniversary special edition CD
Evolution of the Budgeting Process in St.Petersburg
Dollarization in Lithuania
Building and managing e-book collections : a how-to-do-it manual for librarians
The opposite of loneliness : essays and stories
The Robert Sheckley megapack : 15 classic science fiction stories
Kouri-kokoelma Nykytaiteenmuseo Kiasmassa = The Kouri collection in the Museum of Contemporary Art Kiasma
The crinoids of the Indian Ocean
Mega dance : Best of 2015
Guide to the Greek, Roman, English and Chinese coins
The short and variable lags of Russian monetary policy
The Baltic States and the European Union : on the road to  membership
To implement any large-scale, radical transformation, it is important to set a clear strategic goal from the start and enunciate the basic means by which such a goal is to be met.In the case of reform of Russia's international economic relations, however, the notion of long-range strategy is seldom applied.The author contends that this remarkable absence of stated strategy results from a tendency of Russian leadership to focus on short-term manoeuvres with regard to international economic policy. .
Lovers from the sky : pop psych sounds from the Apple era 1968-1971
Challenges to reforming Russia's tax system
The little black book of : all-time greatest hits
Russia's international economic strategy : a general  assessment
The number of accessions in 2013 amounted to 1,577 vertebrate specimens, 23,820 insects, and 2,931 samples of other invertebrates. The systematic groups represented are listed below.
Polish economic review 1/2003
Russia: out of the post-soviet macroeconomic deadlock through a labyrinth of reforms
Wireless
Transformation of Czechoslovakia's economy: results, prospects, open issues
Nationalmusei målningssamling : nordiska konstnärers arbeten : beskrivande katalog = The pictures in the National Museum : a descriptive catalogue of the Northern schools
Problems and prospects of economic reintegration within the  CIS
The Situationist Times facsimile edition
Completely under the covers
Accessions to the Zoological Museum of the Finnish Museum of Natural History, University of Helsinki, in 2013.
Sisters of the revolution : a feminist speculative fiction anthology
Jamaican explosion!
During spring and summer 2001, the Bank of Finland's Institute for Economies in Transition (BOFIT) surveyed readers of its publication series for their opinions, particularly as to quality, frequency and content.The survey was based on a questionnaire distributed to subscribers selected at random by mail or email.The form of questionnaire sent out reflected how the reader normally received his or her BOFIT publications.The study excluded occasional discussion papers and scientific articles, and focused on BOFIT's regular publications:  Idäntalouksien viikko (in Finnish) Russian Economy - The Month in Review Russian & Baltic Economies - The Week in Review Baltic Economies - The Quarter in Review Key words: Idäntalouksien viikko (in Finnish), Russian Economy - The Month in Review, Russian & Baltic Economies - The Week in Review, Baltic Economies - The Quarter in Review .
The reader : Ali Smith
The opposite of loneliness : essays & stories
This paper briefly examines the sustainability of the Russian fiscal policy.Russia has run quite large general government deficits during the transition years.Some simple simulations show that the present policies are not sustainable in the medium-term, unless economic growth accelerates significantly and real interest rate declines.If these positive developments do not materialize, Russia must tighten her fiscal policy.  Keywords: Fiscal policy, public debt, Russia .
Estonia's Transition to a Market Economy 1995
Kingston allstars meet downtown at King Tubby's 1972-1975
Sisällysluettelo: Troubled Relations  5 No Agenda  7 Asymmetry  8 The Post-Cold War World  8 The Future of the Relationship  9  .
Tony 90 : Tony Bennett celebrates 90
Equity markets in Russia
How soon is now?
This paper assesses empirically the lag between changes in money supply and inflation in Russia during the economic transition.In line with the previous literature, we find that money supply changes affect inflation with a fairly short lag.In addition to this, we find tentative evidence for some lengthening of the lag as the transition has progressed.However, these results are not very robust, and the lags that are found to be significant are generally shorter than those found in the earlier literature. Keywords: Inflation, monetary policy, Russia .
Russian stablization policy and the banking sector, as  reflected in the portfolios of Moscow banks in 1995-97
Ars assicurata : The Sampo Art Collection from the golden age of Finnish art to the present day
The biggest reggae one-drop anthems 2015
Pop & visor. 1
Introducing New Currencies in the Baltic Countries
London Jazz Classics. 3 : Worldwide Connections in Jazz Music
Texas Bohemia. 2 : Slow music : the Texas Bohemian-Moravian-German bands
The pleasures of the damned : poems, 1951-1993
Trends and perspectives in Sino-Russian trade
Crowdsourcing our cultural heritage
Soulin'. Vol. 3
Hepburn shoes on the double-decker : a colleciont of China's new urban novels
Blues blues blues: over 50 flamin' hot blues performances
Bless my bones : Memphis gospel radio - the fifties
Come back strong : Hotlanta soul 4
