http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1264 urban archaeology
urban archaeology
Archaeology of the city of London
Archaeological chronology of medieval Vyborg : preliminary results of the excavations of 1998-2000
Artefacts from medieval Winchester. 2, 2, Objects and economy in medieval Winchester
Artefacts and enculturation : examples of toy material from the medieval town of Turku
The Hospital of San Andrés (Lima, Peru) and the search for the royal mummies of the Incas
Medieval cultural layers in dialogue with modern society : challenges for urban archaeology in Finland (Turku) and Karelia (Vyborg)
The Aboa Vetus excavation
From the present to the past : archaeological surveys in post-medieval towns in Finland and the use of urban cartography
The archaeology of the Hansa : rediscovering cultural identity in Northern Europe
Yavneh I : the excavation of the 'Temple Hill' repository pit and the cult stands
Living with animals : a zooarchaeology of urban human-animal relationships in early modern Tornio, 1621-1800
The first conception of the masonry cathedral of Turku
Report on the situation of urban archaeology in Europe
Bethsaida : a city by the north shore of the sea of Galilee
This article focuses on three interrelated themes in the study of ancient Greek religion, looked at through the mateiral evidence from the sanctuary of Poseidon at Kalaureia on the island of Poros, Greece. First, I look at the so-called polis model and its applicability to an interpretation of Kalaureian material related to the cultic life of the sanctuary from the point of view of the 'historiography' of Greek religion. I then discuss the historical context of the archaeological material, with particular emphasis on the topic of the sanctuary as a known place of asylum particularly during the Hellenistic period. Thirdy, I examine the archaeological material related to eating and dining and its potential connections to the demarcation between sacred and profane activities and between sacralised and profane space in the sanctuary, with special interpretative attention to the significance of border(s) and boundaries. Drawing attention to these issues may help us understand the dynamics and interplay between 'official' and 'private' aspects of ancient Greek religion, within both the tradition of the scholarship of ancient Greek religion and the so-called 'archaeology of cult'.
Lübeck as a centre of Hansa trade : had Turku and Finland a role in the tradepolicy of Hansa?
Centralization, early urbanization, and colonization in first millenium B.C. Greece. Part 1, Italy
Ilusad asjad : tähelepanuväärseid leide Eesti arheoloogiakogudest = Beautiful things : significant artefacts from the archaeological collections in Estonia
Craft, industry and everyday life : finds from Medieval York
The archaeology of London
Ancient cities : the archaeology of urban life in the ancient Near East and Egypt, Greece, and Rome
The archaeology of early Turku and the extent of the town
Brick buildings, chimneys, and windows with glass : a chain of changes in medieval housing in Turku
Digging around in Helsinki's past : urban archaeology in cartoons
Classical Olbia and the Scythian world : from the sixth century BC to the second century AD
Things from the Town : Artefacts and inhabitants in Viking-Age Kaupang
Medieval Turku : the lost city : a project trying to reconstruct a medieval town in Finland
Handled with care : on the typology and symbolism of redware pottery
Papers on Italian urbanism in the first millennium B.C
Environmental monitoring and in situ preservation or urban archaeological deposits : an information resource and a preservation challenge
Lost cities : 50 discoveries in world archaeology
Interpreting the early modern world : transatlantic perspectives
Cities of Vesuvius, Pompeii and Herculaneum
Cosa : the making of a Roman town
Papers from the EAA Third Annual Meeting at Ravenna 1997. 2, Classical and medieval
The archaeologist files : an approach to the digital contextualization of archaeological finds in user adaptive information systems
Rescue and research : reflections of society in Sweden 700-1700 A.D
The analysis of urban animal bone assemblages : a handbook for archaeologists
The archaeology of Novgorod, Russia : recent results from the town and its hinterland
A history of Rome
Envisioning landscape : situations and standpoints in archaeology and heritage
Wooden artefacts from medieval Novgorod. 2, Illustrations
Zemē apslēptā pilsēta = A city under the ground
Stratigraphy : excavations in the black earth 1990-1995. Vol. 1
Pompeii : the life of a Roman town
Urban diversity : archaeology in the Swedish province of Östergötland
Amsterdam ceramics : a city's history and an archaeological ceramics catalogue 1175-2011
Book reviews : [Novgorod : the archaeology of a russian medieval city and its hinterland]
Verulamium : a Belgic and two Roman cities
Bethsaida : a city by the north shore of the Sea of Galilee
Sheaths, Scabbards and Grip Coverings : a study of the use of leather for portable personal objects in the 14th - 16th century Turku
Underground London : travels beneath the city streets
Town in transition : outlining the construction activities in medieval Turku
Material culture in London in an age of transition : Tudor and Stuart period finds c1450-c1700 from excavations at riverside sites in Southwark
From Barcino to Barcinona (1st to 7th centuries) : the archaeological remains of the Plaça del Rei in Barcelona
The material roots of modernisation in northern Finland (c. AD 1500-1800) : an archaeological study of urbanisation and consumption
Cattle in medieval and post-medieval Turku
Cultural heritage cooperation in the Baltic Sea States. Report 5 / editor Helena Edgren ; co-editor and co-ordinator Marianne Lehtimäki
"Vuosisatapolun" osa-alueet = The sub-areas of the "Century Path"
Carving territories : road cuttings as part of early socio-political and urban development in central Tyrrhenian Italy with special reference to Crustumerium
Constantinople : archaeology of a Byzantine megapolis : final report on the Istanbul Rescue Archaeology Project 1998-2004
The ancient Indus : urbanism, economy, and society
Gournia
It was in the second half of the first millennium A.D. that northern Europe took on the basic configuration that it now presents. Recently a wealth of new archaeological evidence has emerged to enable historians to assess the growth of international trade and the evolution of towns in this crucial period. This book analyses models of economic development in the light of this new evidence to evaluate not only the changing character of the first post-Roman urban centers but also the organization of the countryside which supported them. Boat remains, coins and trade artifacts are all examined. Finally, a general account is offered of the role of towns and trade in the creation of Western Europe. This is the first synthesis of its kind for the medieval period, and confirms the importance of archaeology as a major source of evidence for an understanding of the economic history of the Dark Ages.
Rome and environs : an archaeological guide
The medieval town in the Baltic : Hanseatic history and archaeology : proceedings of the third and fourth seminar, Tartu, Estonia 12th-13th June 1999 and 8th-10th June 2000
The Roman city of London
Timber building techniques in London c. 900-1400 : an archaeological study of waterfront installations and related material
Porta Maggiore : monument and landscape : archaeology and topography of the southern esquiline from the Late Republican period to the present
Craft, industry and everyday life : finds from Anglo-Scandinavian York
Tower HIll pageant : the city and its port
Dark age economics : the origins of towns and trade, A.D. 600-1000
This all embracing survey of Pompeii provides the most comprehensive survey of the region available. With contributions by well-known experts in the field, this book studies not only Pompeii, but also – for the first time – the buried surrounding cities of Campania. The World of Pompeii includes the latest understanding of the region, based on the up-to-date findings of recent archaeological work. Accompanied by a CD with the most detailed map of Pompeii so far, this book is instrumental in studying the city in the ancient world and is an excellent source book for students of this fascinating and tragic geographic region.
Everyday life in Viking-age towns : social approaches to towns in England and Ireland, c. 800-1100
Royal cities of the Old Testament
Purses in pieces : archaeological finds of late medieval and 16th-century leather purses, pouches, bags and cases in the Netherlands
From polis to borders : demarcation of social and ritual space in the sanctuary of Poseidon at Kalaureia, Greece
Summary.
Mycenaen Greece
How Petra was built : an analysis of the construction techniques of the Nabataean freestanding buildings and rock-cut monuments in Petra, Jordan
The world of Pompeii
A slice through a city
Urban-rural connexions: perspectives from environmental archaeology
On Turku's medieval sheaths and scabbards
The monkey and the shoe : breaking the code on a Tallinn stove-tile
The great cities in history
The excavation road map : how urban archaeology in Turku became a science
The Acrocorinth
Memoirs of the American Acamey in Rome. Vol. 14, Corpus of the lararia of Pompeii
The Minoan world
Three-dimensional excavation plans and 3D Studio Max : experiences from the excavations of the medieval town of Naantali, Finland
Radiocarbon dates from archaeological excavations in Viipuri : the corner site of former Uudenportinkatu and Etelävalli
Making a medieval town : patterns of early medieval urbanization
Roman London
A strange-looking beheaded man from medieval Hailuoto
The urban landscape and iconography of early modern Tornio
The archaeology of urban landscapes : explorations in Slumland
Anthropology in the city : methodology and theory
The atlas of lost cities : legendary cities rediscovered
Pori rose from the ashes in the 18th century : the life of mayor Lars Sacklén and the excavation of a brick factory
Archaeology and preservation of gendered landscapes
Urbanisation in the north : archaeology in early modern Finnish towns
Pompeii : quide to the lost city
The Uruk countryside : the natural setting of urban societies
"I will speak the riddles of ancient times" : archaeological and historical studies in honor of Amihai Mazar on the occasion of his sixtieth birthday
Petra - the mountain of Aaron : The Finnish archaeological project in Jordan. Volume 1, The church and the chapel
Medieval towns : the archaeology of British towns in their European setting
Aarnikotka : keskiaikaa keskellä Turkua = Gripen : medeltid i mitten av Åbo = Griffin : Middle Ages in the middle of Turku
Petra : a city forgotten and rediscovered
The ruined cities of Iraq
Craft, industry and everyday life : bone, antler, ivory and horn from Anglo-Scandinavian and Medieval York
Medieval finds from excavations in London. 1, Knives and scabbards
The medieval town in the Baltic : Hanseatic history and archaeology : proceedings of the first & second seminar, Tartu, Estonia 6th-7th June 1997 and 26th-27th June 1998
The urban mind : cultural and environmental dynamics
Town archaeology in the Scandinavian and Baltic countries : a conference in Ribe, Denmark, May 1992
A comparative study of six city-state cultures : an investigation conducted by the Copenhagen polis centre
West African early towns : archaeology of households in urban landscapes
Sourcebook for garden archaeology : methods, techniques, interpretations and field examples
The headings of Mary Beard's notes give a taste of this astonishing book: Bad Breath, Intestinal Parasites, Performing Monkeys, One-way Streets, Kosher Food, Water Shortages. The Temple of Isis serves to bring in multiculturalism. The House of the Menander tells how a house worked. At the Suburban Baths we go from communal bathing to hygiene to erotica. 154 writing tablets from the House of Caecilius Jucundus detail the accounts of its owner. A fast-food joint on the Via dell' Abbondanza introduces food and drink and diets and street life. These are just a few of the strands that make up an extraordinary and involving portrait of an ancient town, its life and its continuing re-discovery, by Britain's leading classicist.
Mycenae and the Mycenaean age
Bergen C 800 - C 1170 : the emergence of a town
Kincsek a város alatt : Budapest régészeti örökségének feltárása, 1989-2004 = Treasures under the city - Survey of the arhaeological heritage of Budapest, 1989 - 2004.
Bergen c 800-c 1170 : the emergence of a town
Artefacts from medieval Winchester. 2, 1, Objects and economy in medieval Winchester
