http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12615 gold ores
gold ores
The geology and gold mineralization of the Guayaramerin area
Epithermal gold deposits. Part 1.
Main geological features, metallogeny and hydrothermal alteration phenomena of certain gold and gold-tin-tungsten prospects in southern Finland
IOCG and Porphyry-Cu deposits in Northern Finland and Sweden : excursion guide, 27-28 August 2011 : 25th International Applied Geochemistry Symposium 2011, 22-26 August 2011 Rovaniemi, Finland
Geological setting and characteristics of the tonalite and shear zone hosted Paleoproterozoic gold deposit at Osikonmäki, Rantasalmi, southeastern Finland
Introduction to geology and resources of gold, and geochemisf gold
Gold and copper deposits in Central Lapland, Northern Finland, with special reference to their exploration and exploitation
Orogenic gold ore sorting assessment based on geological and mineralogical features
Iron oxide-copper-gold excursion and workshop Nothern Finland and Sweden 31.5.-4.6.2004
The chemistry of gold extraction
Mineral deposits : research and exploration : where do they meet? : proceedings of the fourth biennial SGA meeting, Turku/Finland/11-13 August 1997
Geochemistry, mineralogy and genesis of gold deposits
Iron oxide-copper-gold deposits in Finland : case studies from the Peräpohja schist belt and the Central Lapland greenstone belt
Structure-related magnetic fabric studies : implications for deformed and undeformed Precambrian rocks
Alteration geochemistry of gold occurrences in the late Archean Hattu schist belt, Ilomantsi, Eastern Finland : synopsis
Alteration geochemistry of gold occurrences in the late Archean Hattu schist belt, Ilomantsi, eastern Finland
Placer gold in Finnish Lapland
Gold in 2000
Geological setting and characteristics of the tonalitehosted Paleoproterozoic gold deposit at Osikonmäki, Rantasalmi, southeastern Finland
Geodynamic evolution and metallogeny of the Central Lapland, Kuhmo and Suomussalmi greenstone belts, Finland
Albite alteration at Suurikuusikko, northern Finland, and its relation to gold deposition
Gold in the Central Lapland Greenstone Belt
Advances in gold ore processing
Research and exploration - where do they meet? : excursion guidebook. B3, Gold and base metal deposits in Southwestern Finland
Geological development, gold mineralization and exploration methods in the late Archean Hattu schist belt, Ilomantsi, eastern Finland
A failed Eldorado : colonial capialism, rural industrialization, African land rights in Kenya, and the Kakamega gold rush, 1930-1952
New Babylon, new Nineveh : everyday life on the Witwatersrand 1886-1914
Au-Ag telluride-selenide deposits : Field Workshop of IGCP-486, Espoo, Finland 26-31st August 2007 : proceedings volume
Mines of silver and gold in the Americas
Geochemical alteration of gold occurrences in the late Archean Hattu schist belt, Ilomantsi, eastern Finland
Geology, mineralogy and geochemistry of the Fe-Co-Au-(U) deposits in the Paleoproterozoic Kuusamo Schist Belt, northeastern Finland
Abstract.
Research and exploration - where do they meet? : excursion guidebook. B1, Ore deposits of Lapland in Northern Finland and Sweden
Potassic igneous rocks have gained much attention among petrologists worldwide, mainly due to their distinct geochemistry, and many geoscientists still consider them as petrological curiosities with an obscure petrogenesis. In the past, a plethora of genetic hypotheses and of local names for potassic igneous rocks from different localities have been created. This has produced some confusion in the literature. This book reviews the geochemical and petrological characteristics of the potassic igneous rock complexes and investigates the different tectonic settings in which these rocks occur. The authors provide an overview and a classification of these rocks and attempt to elucidate the geochemical differences between barren and mineralized potassic igneous complexes. Many epithermal gold and porphyry copper-gold deposits are hosted by high-K rocks. Therefore, this book is not only relevant to academic petrologists working on alkaline rocks, but also to exploration geologists prospecting for epithermal gold and/or porphyry copper-gold deposits in modern and ancient terranes. This third, updated and enlarged edition contains several new sections, new geochemical data and additional references.
Research and exploration - where do they meet? : excursion guidebook. A2, Volcanic hosted massive sulphide and gold deposits in the Skellefte district, Sweden and Western Finland
Gold in Southern Finland : results of GTK studies 1998-2011
FINGOLD - a public database on gold deposits in Finland
Exploration for orogenic gold deposits - with emphasis on geochemical exploration in glaciated Precambrian terrain : workshop, 21 August 2011 : 25th International Applied Geochemistry Symposium 2011, 22-26 August 2011 Rovaniemi, Finland
Lead isotope characteristics of epigenetic gold mineralization in the Palaeoproterozoic Lapland greenstone belt, nothern Finland
Data base on orogenic lode-gold deposits of Yilgarn block, western Australia
Gold in porphyry copper systems
The sampling and assay of the precious metals : comprising gold, silver, platinum, and the platinum group metals in ores, bullion, and products
The challenge of finding new mineral resources : global metallogeny, innovative exploration, and new discoveries. Vol. 1-2
Geological setting and characteristics of the tonalite-hosted Paleoproterozoic gold deposit at Osikonmäki, Rantasalmi, southeastern Finland
Exploring for iron oxide copper-gold deposits : Canada and global analogues
Development of a process selection method for gold ores using case-based reasoning
Spatial data analysis as a tool for mineral prospectivity mapping
The Haveri mine
Iron oxide-copper-gold deposits in Finland : case studies from the Peräpohja schist belt and Central-Lapland greenstone belt
Modeling of high pressure pretreatment process for gold leaching
Potassic igneous rocks and associated gold-copper mineralization
Gold in the Yellowknife greenstone belt, Northwest Territories : results of the EXTECH III multidisciplinary research project : collected papers and DVD of data reporting on results of the Yellowknife EXTECH III multidisciplinary research project
Epithermal gold deposits. Part 2.
Geochemical characteristics of mesothermal gold deposits in the Fennoscandian Shield, and a comparison with selected Canadian and Australian deposits
Unearthing conflict : corporate mining, activism, and expertise in Peru
A Palaeoproterozoic high-sulphidation epithermal gold deposit at Orivesi, southern Finland
Active and ongoing gold exploration and mining in Northern Finland : excursion guide, 18-20 August 2011 : 25th International Applied Geochemistry Symposium 2011, 22-26 August 2011 Rovaniemi, Finland
The gold-bearing conglomerates of Kaarestunturi, central Finnish Lapland
Location and paragenesis of gold and sulfide phases at the Iso-Kuotko gold prospect, northern Finland
Research and exploration - where do they meet? : excursion guidebook. A4, Ore deposits in Eastern Finland
The copper-gold vein deposit of Kivimaa at Tervola, N-Finland
Use of wallrock alternation and primary geochemical dispersion in lode-gold exploration : workshop, Sunday, 10 August 1997 10 am - 4 pm at the University of Turku
