http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12672 offers
offers
Improving the quotation process of an after-sales unit
The bid-ask spread and trading responses to the release of interim reports
Late bidding, single bidding and the role of experience in online auctions : evidence from Huuto.net
Project plan for acquiring Foreign Military Sales (FMS) freight forwarding and transportation services from the United States
The congress
The Dartnell Sales Promotion Handbook
20 steps to successful selling : brush op your business English and boost your success in sales!
Cheap: the high cost of discount culture
Powerful proposals : how to give your business the winning edge
Managing the demand-supply chain : value innovations for customer satisfaction
Sales promotion : how to create and implement campaigns that really work
Updating Wärtsilä Power Plant's proposal
Winning major bids : the critical success factors
Abstract: The purpose of this study was to model and analyze the quotation process of area managers at a global company. Process improvement requires understanding the fundamentals of the process. The study was conducted a case study. Data comprised of internal documentation of the case company, literature, and semi-structured, themed interviews of process performers and stakeholders. The objective was to produce model of the current state of the process. The focus was to establish a holistic view of the roles and overall composition of the process. The analysis of the current state utilized principles of business process management. The identified challenges were evaluated by their criticality to produce a condensed body for the analysis. Each challenge was addressed individually against theories of process improvement. The study progressed iteratively. The output was a list of suggested improvement points with appropriate methods of achieving the desired changes.  It was found that processes are utilitarian and effective, but require planning and continuous improvement. The intra-connectedness of multiple processes forms complex entities, thus validating the need for business process management. The transformation of business strategy requires reformations in the everyday functions and processes. This study aims to bridge the successful processes of today with those in the strategic scope of the future.  The study has use as an informative document to communicate the purpose and structure of the process. The findings of the study received confirmation from the results of a yearly customer survey and a concurrent operational improvement project.
Project business
Psychological reference levels and IPO stock returns
Forecasting future spare part sales by quotation data analysis
Essays on tender offers and share repurchases
Evolutionary stability of trading rules in an urn-ball matching model
Negotiation strategies and offers : perceptions of mergers and acquisitions advisors
Web-based auction system requirement model
The influence of price promotions on the elements of consumer brand equity : a study of an unfamiliar brand in the Russian brandy market
Improvement of pricing accuracy and lead time for tender offers
Industrial solution business : transition from product to solution offering
Preferred offer as a method in competitive bidding
International bidding case study
Abstract.
Tender competition process : case Suominen Flexible Packaging Ltd
Challenges of purchasing centralization : empirical evidence from public procurement
Pientaloja kansalle = Detached houses for the masses
Conditions of contract for EPC/Turnkey projects : general conditions, guidance for the preparation of particular conditions, forms of letter of tender, contract agreement and dispute adjudication agreement
The success determinants of the international industrial consortium : case Ykköstie Oy
Retail marketing : Lidl's effect on retailers' weekend offers in Vaasa
Designing a sea freight e-tendering form for export purposes : Company X
Key concepts in marketing
Successful proposal strategies for small businesses : using knowledge management to win government, private-sector, and international contracts
Electronic marketing : theory and practice for the twenty-first century
Bids, tenders and proposals : winning business through best practice
This thesis was planned according to the needs of the case company, which is a Finnish company in the brewing and soft drink industry. The company's interest was to ease the tendering of sea freight when exporting. The project objective was to design an electronic tendering form for sea freight. In order to collect data to support the designing of the form, a literature review and a small-scale qualitative research were. The literature review studied maritime export and tendering process, as well as the transportation of the export goods. The author implemented a qualitative research in order to gain a deeper understanding of freight forwarding, freight rates and the features that would make the tendering form functional. The author interviewed three (3) freight-forwarding companies for the research. The author also studied the case company's previously used method of tendering. The data collection methods for this consisted of interviews, phone calls and emails with the contact people from the case company, as well as secondary data in the form of previous tenders. The time span of the project was roughly a year. The contract was signed in December 2012 and the project was completed in November 2013. The outcome of the project is an Excel document, which encloses instructions sheet, tender sheets, an additional sheet to ease the collection of primary data from the tenders, as well as a complementary cover letter containing further information required by the tenderers. The final products of the thesis is available in the Attachments 7, 8, 9 and 10.
Hospitality marketing : principles and practice
Request for proposal : a guide to effective RFP development
IT procurement handbook for SMEs
Outsourcing warehouse and warehouse services for GE Medical Systems Sverige Ab, Filial i Finland
Integrity and efficiency in sustainable public contracts : balancing corruption concerns in public procurement internationally
Hosting the Olympic Games or not : empirical evidence from the stock market
Empirical analysis of competition in procurement auctions
Authority planning in public transport
Improving the Quotation Process of an After-Sales Unit
Direct marketing in practice
Hospitality marketing : an introduction
Who accepts tender offers?
Event management in sport, recreation and tourism : theoretical and practical dimensions
Development of feasibility tool
The service offering of air transport for passengers : a study into the future of the airline industry
Public procurement law review
Auction theory
Variable rate liquidity tenders
Environmental criteria in public procurement : focus on tender documents
Procurement auction of medicines
What determines actual open market repurchases? : evidence from Finland
The winning bid : a practical guide to successful bid management
Risk Management when taking part in Bidding Processes
Model for installation cost management : Engineering process of a power plant project
Testing for common costs in the city of Helsinki bus transit auctions
