http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12614 community theatre
community theatre
This volume addresses all key aspects: principles, origins, politics and aesthetics in a concise and accessible style designed to appeal both to those who have recently discovered this sub-discipline and to experienced practitioners and academics. Part 1. is divided into two chapters. The first introduces the sub-discipline of Theatre for Development, covering its origins, principles and history, and providing an overview of theatre for development in Western contexts as well as in Africa, Asia, the Indian Subcontinent and Latin America. The second focuses upon theoretical and philosophical issues confronting the discipline and its relationship to contemporary politics, as well as considering its future role. Part 2. consists of seven chapters contributed by leading figures and current practitioners from around the world and covering a diverse range of themes, methodologies and aesthetic approaches. One chapter offers a series of case studies concerned with sexual health education and HIV prevention, drawn from practitioners working in Vietnam, Papua New Guinea, Southern Africa, and China. Other chapters include studies of intercultural theatre in the Peruvian Amazon; a programme of applied theatre conducted in schools in Canterbury, New Zealand, following the 2010 earthquake; an attempt to reinvigorate a community theatre group in South Brazil; and an exchange between a Guatemalan arts collective and a Dutch youth theatre company, besides others.
Theatre in prison : theory and practice
"Applied Theatre: Research is the first book to consolidate thinking about applied theatre as research through a thorough investigation of ATAR as a research methodology. It will be an indispensable resource for teachers and researchers in the area. The first section of the book details the history of the relationship between applied theatre and research, especially in the area of evaluation and impact assessment, and offering an examination of the literature surrounding applied theatre and research. The book then explores how applied theatre as research (ATAR) works as a democratic and pro-social adjunct to community based research and explains its complex relationship to arts informed inquiry, Indigenous research methods and other research epistemologies. The book provides a rationale for this approach focusing on its capacity for reciprocity within communities. The second part of the book provides a series of international case studies of effective practice which detail some of the key approaches in the method and based on work conducted in Australia, New Zealand, Singapore and the South Pacific. The case studies provide a range of cultural contexts for the playing out of various forms of ATAR, and a concluding chapter considers the tensions and the possibilities inherent in ATAR. This is a groundbreaking book for all researchers who are working with communities who require a method that moves beyond current research practice"--
Audience R(E)volution : dispatches from the field
Out of the wolf's belly
Applied Drama offers an insight into theatre-making that takes place in communities across the world. It considers the role of artists who work in challenging settings, including prisons, schools, hostels for the homeless, care homes for the elderly and on the street. In this updated second edition, Helen Nicholson provides vivid new examples of practice, and addresses twenty-first century concerns about the environments in which applied theatre takes place. Ideal for students and practitioners, this lively study poses critical questions about the aesthetics and ethics of applied theatre. It invites debate about the social role of theatre, and explores how interventionist theatre might maintain its radicalism in an increasingly globalized world.
Theatre for community, conflict and dialogue : the Hope is Vital training manual
Making a leap : theatre of empowerment : a practical handbook for drama and theatre work with young people
Post-colonial drama : theory, practice, politics
Engaging performance : theatre as call and response
Digging up stories : applied theatre, performance and war
Applied drama : the gift of theatre
Theatre and empowerment : community drama on the world stage
Face to face : making dance and theatre in community
Ruddy Gore : a Phyrne Fisher mystery
Theatre for living : the art and science of community-based dialogue
The community theater handbook : a complete guide to organizing and running a community theater
Trends in twenty-first century African theatre and performance
Throughout the pages of this collection, a wide range of voices sound the joy and fury of being in the trenches of the volatile discourse of enacting, staging, and sharing the experience of performance. The cultural workers in this book seek a revolution of heart, mind, and spirit. They question who we are and consistently ask that hospitality and its uses be placed at the center of the shared theatrical experience.
Applied theatre : development
Applied theatre : international case studies and challenges for practice
Applied theatre : facilitation
Applied Theatre: Facilitation is the first publication that directly explores the facilitator's role within a range of socially engaged theatre and community theatre settings. The book offers a new theoretical framework for understanding critical facilitation in contemporary dilemmatic spaces and features a range of writings and provocations by international practitioners and experienced facilitators working in the field. Part One offers an introduction to the concept, role and practice of facilitation and its applications in different contexts and cultural locations. It offers a conceptual framework through which to understand the idea of critical facilitation: a political practice that that involves a critical (and self-critical) approach to pedagogies, practices (doing and performing), and resilience in dilemmatic spaces. Part Two illuminates the diversity in the field of facilitation in applied theatre through offering multiple voices, case studies, theoretical positions and contexts. These are drawn from Australia, Serbia, Kyrgyzstan, India, Israel/Palestine, Rwanda, the United Kingdom and North America, and they apply a range of aesthetic forms: performance, process drama, forum, clowning and playmaking. Each chapter presents the challenge of facilitation in a range of cultural contexts with communities whose complex histories and experiences have led them to be disenfranchised socially, culturally and/or economically.
Dramatherapy and social theatre : necessary dialogues
Hamlet and the baker's son : my life in theatre and politics
Games for actors and non-actors
Carver's manual on community theatre directing : (a step-by-step approach)
Applied drama : a facilitator's handbook for working in community
White nights
Legislative theatre : using performance to make politics
The applied theatre reader
The art of being many : towards a new theory and practice of gathering
Performing democracy : international perspectives on urban community-based performance
Theater of the oppressed
The PR bible for community theatres
Drama for life : stories of adult learning and empowerment
Applied theatre : bewilderment and beyond
Community theatre : global perspectives
At the intersection of theatre and social work in Orissa, India : Natya Chetana and its theatre
Arts education and beyond
'Misplacing the white man's burden' : theatre in Southern Africa
Considering calamity : methods for performance research
The rainbow of desire : the Boal method of theatre and therapy
Scandal on stage : European theater as moral trial
The deaf way : Perspectives from the international conference on deaf culture
Discourse in ethnomusicology. 2, A tribute to Alan P. Merriam
Theatre of the oppressed
Drama in three movements : a Ulyssean encounter
How to put on a community play
Enacting participatory development : theatre-based techniques
Staging social justice : collaborating to create activist theatre
Applied theatre : creating transformative encounters in the community
Contemporary choreography : a critical reader
Drama - a way to social inclusion : practical process descriptions for drama workers
Dance, human rights, and social justice : dignity in motion
Audience Revolution is a multiyear program to study, promote, and support successful audience-engagement and community-development strategies for the U.S. non-for-profit theatre field.
Applied theatre : research : radical departures
Improvising real life : personal story in playback theatre
Devising performance : a critical history
The politics of performance : radical theatre as cultural intervention
Signs and voices : deaf culture, identity, language and arts
