http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12699 product description
product description
Food labelling : Nordic consumers' proposals for improvements : a pan-Nordic survey of consumer behaviour and attitudes towards food labelling
What's in this stuff? : the essential guide to what's really in the products you buy
Summary (s. 8-15).
Nutrition labelling : Nordic recommendations based on consumer opinions
British national formulary. 58
The rules governing medicinal products in the European Union. Volume 2B, Notice to applicants : medicinal products for human use : presentation and content of the dossier
Recommended nutrient reference values for food labelling purposes : report of a Joint FAO/WHO Expert Consultation on Recommended Allowances of Nutrients for Food Labelling Purposes : held in Helsinki, Finland, 12-16 September 1988
"This book comprehensively addresses the sources of allergenic contaminants in foods, their fate during processing, and the specific measures that need to be taken to minimize their occurrence in foods. The book provides up-to-date information on the nine major allergens (as well as other emerging allergens) and practical guidelines on how these allergens can be identified and controlled during production and processing. Starting with an introduction to food allergens, the book follows with sections on food allergen management during production and processing, guidelines for the processing of specific allergen-free foods, techniques for hypo-allergenization and allergen detection, and allergen-free certification"--
British national formulary. No. 47
Nordisk politik for maerkning af fødevarer = Nordic policy towards the labelling of foods
Organically produced foods
Food labelling : complete texts
The composition and safety of skin creams, deodorants and hair dyes
The rules governing medicinal products in the European Union. Volume 6B, Notice to applicants : veterinary medicinal products, Precentation and content of the dossier
The user-friendliness of patient information leaflets and labelling : case: Oftaquix
Cosmetic and toiletry formulations
Messenger package : integrating technology, design and marketing for future package communication : final report
Allergen management in the food industry
Consumer Agency's guidelines on safety requirements for candle products and related indications
Themes and seams in textiles
Consumer acceptance of reduced-fat foods : the effects of product information
What does the drug package reveal of its contents?
Tekniset tuoteasiakirjat. Osa 1, Yleiset esittämisperiaatteet = Technical product documentation. Part 1, General principles of presentation
No problems in understanding them? A contrastive discourse analytical accessibility study between Finnish and British baby-food labels
Use of medicines in children : a perspective on drug-related problems
Summary.
"This book comprehensively addresses the sources of allergenic contaminants in foods, their fate during processing, and the specific measures that need to be taken to minimize their occurrence in foods"--
Crop protection chemicals reference
The eco-design handbook : a complete sourcebook for the home and office
Environmental information in consumer decision making
