http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1266 Finnish School Television
Finnish School Television
Glee. 5. tuotantokausi : The complete fifth season
Erittely opetuskäyttöön tarkoitettujen televisio-ohjelmien tuottamisesta = A review of the production of eductional TV-programs
Journalism and school shootings in Finland 2007-2008
Literacy and your deaf child : what every parent should know
The emerging media toddlers
Children and media outside the home : playing and learning in after-school care
Finnish preschool and first-grade children's use of media at home
Children's media barometer 2010 : the use of media among 0-8-year-olds in Finland
Children and educational television in Finland : comments and research
Glee. 3. tuotantokausi : The complete third season
Winx Club. The complete original season 1.
Teachers & television
Nurturing nonviolent children : a guide for parents, educators, and counselors
The material child : growing up in consumer culture
School television in use
Children and television : a challenge for education
Winx Club : magic in my heart
Teaching through television : a report on the current use of television in Western Europe's schools ... and an examination of possibilities for using this medium to meet the critical need for increased teaching of science
Relationships between filmed violence and aggression
New directions : media education worldwide
The young and the digital : what the migration to social-network sites, games, and anytime, anywhere media means for our future
Deaf world : a historical reader and primary sourcebook
Mikä osa yleisöllä? : viestintäoikeuden vuosikirja 2007 = Yearbook of communication law 2007 = Jahrbuch für Kommunikationsrecht 2007.
TV production for education : a systems approach
[Summary]: Evaluation of educational programs för schools on radio and television.
The people look at educational television : a report of nine representative ETV stations
Winx Club : the complete original season 2.
Emerging practices in educational technology
Children's media barometer 2010 : the use of media among 0-8-year-olds in Finland : an English summary of the original Finnish report
Winx Club. The complete season 3.
Glee. The complete fourth season
Evaluating educational television and radio : proceedings of the international conference on evaluation and research in educational television and radio, the Open University, United Kingdom, 9-13 April 1976
CNN newsroom in Finnish schools : a pilot project in 1990/91
Mediated crossroads : identity, youth culture and ethnicity : theoretical and methodological challenges
The 21st century film, TV & media school : challenges, clashes, changes
Violent films, anxiety and aggression : experimental studies of the effect of violent films on the level of anxiety and agressiveness in children
Summary.
Teaching visual literacy in the primary classroom : comic books, film, television and picture narratives
Television in schools
Children's learning from educational television : Sesame Street and beyond
Children's games in the new media age : childlore, media and the playground
Study of the pedagogical need of TV-instruction in Finnish universities
The impact of educational television : selected studies from the research
Creating preschool television : a story of commerce, creativity and curriculum
South Riding
"Around the world small children are captivated by programmes produced especially for them - from stalwarts like Sesame Street to recent arrivals such as Teletubbies. Focusing on the UK and US, this book shows how the pre-school television sector has shifted from a small localised industry to a complex, commercially-driven global business"--Provided by publisher.
Children's media barometer 2011 : media use among 7-11-year-old children and their experiences on media education : an english summary of the original Finnish report
Children and the faces of television : teaching, violence, selling
Deaf heritage : A narrative history of Deaf America
Mean girls 2
The use of closed circuit television in higher education (humanities) : report of the European seminar held in Padua, Italy, in September 1968
Kari Jääskeläinen's doctoral dissertation : content is crucial to the future of digital television
Television in young children's social relationships
Report of the Committee on dental education in Finland : an abridged statement
Solo documentary production : a creative interpretation of actuality
Current trends in European sign language  research : Proceedings of the third European congress on sign language research. Hamburg july 26 - 29, 1989
Violent films, anxiety and aggression : experimental studies of the effect of violent films on the level of anxiety and aggressiveness in children
