http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12667 Baltic-Finnish peoples
Baltic-Finnish peoples
Ex ovo omnia: where does the Balto-Finnic cosmogony originate? : the etiology of an etiology
Ingrians and neighbours : focus on the eastern Baltic Sea region
Comparative research on the common proverbs of the peoples of northern Europe : presentation of a project
Circum-Baltic mythology? : The strange case of the Theft of the Thunder-instrument (ATU 1148b)
Northern European prehistory, from above
Bjarmaland (also Biarmaland, Biarmia, Byarmia, Bjarmia) and its inhabitants (Bjarmar, Beormas, Biarmar) are known to us through c. 30 medieval written sources, most of them written in Norse, a few in Latin and one in Anglo-Saxon. Majority of the texts were written during the 13th century, but the stories they relate may nevertheless be of earlier date. The Kings' Sagas in particular often refer to 10th century events. Oldest of the sources is the so-called Ohthere's account, a 9th century Anglo-Saxon text added to the OE Orosius translation. The rest of the sources are of Norse-Icelandic origin including a number of konungasögur, a few chronicles and íslendingasögur, some texts of geographical nature, a couple of þáttr, and a number of fornaldarsögur as well as six annals. Additionally Haralds saga gráfeldar contains a few skaldic verses.Written sources locate Bjarmaland to the White Sea. The words Terfinna land connect the location with the Kola Peninsula and the environs of the Varzuga River whereas the name Gandvík guides our interest towards the Kantalahti Bay of the White Sea. The name 'Vína' can be connected with either the Northern Dvina River or Viena Karelia. Written sources portray the Bjarmians as permanently settled group of Baltic Fennic speaking people that lived in the north of Europe since the Viking Age (first mentioned in writing in the 9th century) until the early Middle Ages (mid-13th century). Involvement in the international fur trade is implied and continuous contacts with Norwegians with both looting and trade as integral part of interaction are present in the descriptions. The Bjarmians cannot be connected ethnically with any existing group of people but must be considered as a group of their own. The origin of the specific ethnical identity most likely lies in economical interaction (trade with furs and possibly other items) with neighbouring areas. Since 12th-13th centuries new settlers moved to the northern areas and many political and economical changes occurred in Northern Fennoscandia and Russia, all of which would have contributed to a change that left the Bjarmians out of written sources.
SUOMEN VARHAISHISTORIA : Tornion kongressi 14.-16.6.1991 : esitelmät, referaatit
Finnic paremiology : past, present, future
Balto-Finnic proverbs as traditional components of the Circumbaltic dialogue : an enunciative study
The chronicle of Henry of Livonia
The Finno-Ugric peoples
Market strategies and performance of Finnish companies in Central and Eastern Europe
Commentationes Fenno-Ugricae in honorem Paavo Ravila
The grief of "eternal separation" : young maidens leaving home
FUSAC '88 : proceedings of the Sixth Annual Meeting of the Finno-Ugric Studies Association of Canada : with a special session on the folk music of the Finno-Ugric peoples = ACEFO '88 : actes du sixième colloque annuel de l'Association canadienne des Etudes Finno-Ougriennes
Stylistic elements of runo song
Physical anthropology and traditional culture of Finno-Ugrie peoples : materials of Soviet-Finnish symposium, Helsinki, may 1991 [i.e. 1989] = Fizičeskaâ antropologiâ i tradicionnaâ kul'tura finnougorskih narodov, antropologičeskaâ čast' : materialy sovetsko-finlândskogo simpoziuma, Hel'sinki, maj 1989
The origin of the Baltic-Finns from the physical anthropological point of view
Substrata Uralica : studies on Finno-Ugrian substrate in Northern Russian dialects
Analyzing of Finnic ethnonyms
Oekeeta asijoo : commentationes Fenno-Ugricae in honorem Seppo Suhonen sexagenarii 16.V.1998
Linear musical thinking : a theory of musical thinking and the runic song tradition of Baltic-Finnish peoples
Proverbia septentrionalia : 900 Balto-Finnic proverb types with Russian, Baltic, German and Scandinavian parallels
On the vowel euphony in Finnic alliterative folksongs
Rituals and relations : studies on the society and material culture of the Baltic Finns
Ethnic censuses in Olonets province : forerunner of Peter von Köppen's ethnographic map of European Russia, 1830-1850
Studies in Finnic folklore : homage to the Kalevala
Some statistics on Balto-Finnic proverbs
The relations between Balto-Finnic and Baltic folklore
Finno-Ugric folk art
Alliteration in (Balto-) Finnic languages
Oral memory and national identity : papers of the [International] Conference organized by the Institute of Language and Literature of the Estonian Academy of Sciences & the National Language Board of the Republic of Estonia in Tallinn, September 18-19, 1993.
Northern European prehistory, from below
Some results of a computerized comparative analysis of the Balto-Finnic runotunes
Connections between the Baltic-Finnic, the Baltic and the East Slavonic folk tales (on the grounds of folk tale type AT 840)
Studies in Ingrian laments
Native hermeneutics : traditional means of interpreting lyric songs in Northern Europe
Ethnologists in the wartime occupation of East Karelia
South-Eastern contact area of Finnic languages in the light of onomastics
