http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12624 light music orchestras
light music orchestras
The Green album
Love is blue
Echoes of London
By The Sleepy Lagoon : The Music of Eric Coates. Volume 1
Paul McCartney's Standing Stone
Latin dreams
Erich Kunzel Cincinnati Pops Orchestra perform music of The Beatles
The essential wedding collection
Ghosts in Hollywood
The magic of Andrew Lloyd Webber
The classical Nana
Roaring 20s, crazy 30s : golden age of the dance bands
Down Peacock Alley
Elizabethan serenade : the best of British light music
Charming Weill : dance band arrangements
Rhythm is our business!
CHARMAINE
Elizabethan Serenade : The best of British light music
Mario Lanza : his most beautiful songs : 16 remarkable recordings
Passion : the love album
Let's dance : 44 fantastic ballroom dancing hits
The music of Albert Ketèlbey. Volume 1 : In a monastery garden, In a Chinese temple garden, Sanctuary of the heart : historical recordings 1924-1932
Noël! Noël!! Noël!!! : an album of the greatest Christmas songs
The Best of Burt Bacharach
Sounds and scores : a practical guide to professional orchestration
Rhapsody in rock : world.wide.wells
Orchestral music. 5
Paris was made for lovers
The best of Les Paul and Mary Ford
Pasadena : 25th anniversary
The quiet man : the original motion picture score
Christmas with Mantovani : Santa Claus is coming to town
Lady's Decca Days. Volume two
Waterloo : Abba's greatest hits in a classical style
The great American songbook
The long goodbye : symphonic music of Procol Harum
The Lost recordings
Scarboroug fair : songs from the British Isles
The Slokar Trombones
The mirror has two faces : music from the motion picture
In a Chinese Temple Garden
Ultra-lounge. Volume nine : Cha-cha de amor / From Mamboland to Bossa Novaville
Take it easy : The Fab Four go loungecore
Pop classics in symphony
The real... Ray Conniff : the ultimate Ray Conniff collection
Born in the sauna
Live at The Royal Albert Hall
Helmut Lotti goes classic
The concert Sinatra
Hit kit of popular songs : Tennessee waltz
And the waltz goes on
Amour
Symphonicities
Classic album selection
The essential Ray Conniff
Puttin' on the Ritz
The picnic party
Wild cool and swingin'
Pure gold
The blues and the beat
The Long goodbye : symphonic music of Procol Harum
Home in Pasadena : very best of The Pasadena Roof Orchestra
Brazil : Music from the original motion picture soundtrack
Roy Fox and His Band at the Monseigneur and Cafe de Paris
The music of Pink Floyd
Music of the spheres
As time goes by : and other classic movie love songs
Roberto Benigni and His Music : the complete collection
Encyclopedia of arranging techniques : a compendium of three great books in one
