http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12633 classification systems
classification systems
Bliss bibliographic classification : class P : religion, the occult, morals and ethics
Sorting things out : classification and its consequences
Use of temporal information in English vowel classification : experiments with the TIMIT database
A modification and expansion of the Dewey decimal classification in the 200 class
The universal decimal classification : the history, present status and future prospects of a large general classification scheme
Subject retrieval in a networked environment : proceedings of the IFLA satellite meeting held in Dublin, OH, 14-16 August 2001 and sponsored by the IFLA Classification and Indexing Section, the IFLA Information Technology Section and OCLC
Dewey decimal classification and relative index. Vol. 2, Schedules 000-599
Universal decimal classification : international medium edition : English text. Part 2, Alphabetical subject index
The Universal Decimal Classification : a guide to its use
Classification in theory and practice : sorting out your library
Bliss bibliographic classification. Class K : society
A bibliography of physical training
Standard industrial classification manual 1987
Enhancing web search result access with automatic categorization
LEED reference guide for building design and construction
An Indoeuropean classification : a lexicostatistical experiment
The DDC, the universe of knowledge, and the post-modern library
Alueluokitukset = Regionala indelningar = Regional classifications handbook. Kunnat 1.9.1997 = Kommunerna 1.9.1997 = Municipalities 1.9.1997
Kulttuuriaineiston luokitus = Outline of cultural materials
Dewey decimal classification and relative index. Vol. 1, Manual, tables
The subject approach to information
Extensions and corrections to the UDC
Bliss bibliographic classification. Class J : education
Organising knowledge : taxonomies, knowledge and organisational effectiveness
From knowledge abstraction to management : using Ranganathan's faceted schema to develop conceptual frameworks for digital libraries
Bliss bibliographic classification. Class T : economics management of economic enterprises
Subject analysis in online catalogs
International classification system for physics = Plan international de classification de la physique = Internationales Klassifikationssystem der Physik
Dewey decimal classification and relative index. Volume 1, Introduction, tables
Bliss bibliographic classification. Class Q : social welfare
Bliss bibliographic classification. Class Q, Social welfare and criminology
Manheimer's cataloging and classification
National Library of Medicine classification
Subject cataloging : a how-to-do-it workbook
Bliss bibliographic classification. Class S, Law
The future of classification
Guide to the use of UDC : an introductory guide to the use and application of the Universal Decimal Classification
On concepts and classifications of musical instruments
Ontologies, taxonomies and thesauri in systems science and systematics
Dewey decimal classification and relative index. Volume 4, Relative index, manual
Colon classification : basic classification
Outline of world cultures. 2. nide, North America, Oceania, Russia, South America
Dewey decimal classification and relative index. Vol. 4, Relative index
A new manual of classification
Guidelines on ATCvet classification
Chinese decimal classification = Chung-kuo tʻu shu shih chin fên lei fa
Iconclass : an iconographic classification system
Classificatory structures : concepts, relations and representation
Green building rating systems in Germany : comparison between the US-American system (LEED) and the German one (DGNG)
The problem of classifying Latvian folk music
Phantoms on the bookshelves
DECIMAL CLASSIFICATION AND RELATIVE INDEX 3.
Theory of library classification
Bliss bibliographic classification. Class A/AL : philosophy and logic
DECIMAL CLASSIFICATION AND RELATIVE INDEX 2.
Dewey decimal classification and relative index
The elements of knowledge organization
Yleisten kirjastojen luokitusjärjestelmä Suomessa = Klassifikationssystem för de allmänna biblioteken i Finland = Classification system for public libraries in Finland
Dewey decimal classification, 20th edition : a study manual
Dewey decimal classification and relative index. Vol. 2, Auxiliary tables ; Relative index
AGRICOLA : subject category codes with scope notes : (modified AGRIS)
UDC Universal decimal classification : standard edition. 2, Alphabetical index
Bliss bibliographic classification. Class 1 : psychology and psychiatry
The originality of this book, which deals with such new subject matter, lies in the application of methods and concepts such as ontologies, taxonomies, and thesauri to the ordering of knowledge based on primary information. Chapters coverage includes: From Classifications to Ontologies; Taxonomy and Thesauri as Knowledge; Classification Systems; Thesauri Studied under the Thesaurus Theory; Thesauri in (Cladist) Systematics; Systematics Applied to Thesauri (Considering Them as Classification Systems); Thesauri in Systems Theory. Ontologies, Taxonomy and Thesauri in Information Organization and Retrieval will be extremely useful to librarians and those operating within the network of related fields, including documentation and information science.
Bliss bibliographic classification. Class R, Politics and public administration
HCLCS : Helsinki City Library classification system : abridged edition
Dewey decimal classification and relative index. Volume 2, Schedules 000-599
Cataloging and classification : an introduction
International standard classification of occupations ISCO-88
Wine quality : tasting and selection
Classification & ontology : Formal approaches and access to knowledge. Proceedings of the International UDC Seminar, 19-20 September 2011, The Hague, The Netherlands, organized by UDC Consortium, The Hague
Bliss bibliographic classification. Class AM/AX : mathematics, statistics and probability
Classification of the library of Union theological seminary in the city of New York
A companion to digital humanities
The Alko thesaurus
Universal decimal classification : international medium edition : English text. Part 1, Systematic tables
Outline of cultural materials
Classification and indexing in science
Managing cataloging and the organization of information : philosophies, practices and challenges at the onset of the 21st century
A comparative study of final year project topics and titles in Haaga Institute and University of Surrey (DOMS)
Dewey decimal classification and relative index. Vol. 3, Schedules 600-999
Knowledge organization and change : proceedings of the 4th International ISKO Conference, 15-18 July 1996, Washington, DC, USA, organized by the Office of the Director for Public Service Collections, Library of Congress ... [et al.]
Simulating search sessions in interactive information retrieval evaluation
Universal Decimal Classification : Abridged Edition
Classification of library materials : current and future potential for providing access
The fourth edition of the late Lois Mai Chan's classic Cataloging and Classification covers the analysis and representation of methods used in describing, organizing, and providing access to resources made available in or through libraries. Resource Description and Access (RDA) is the new standard developed by the Library of Congress. With the help of the coauthor, Athena Salaba, this text is modified throughout to conform to the new standard. Retaining the overall outline of the previous edition, this text presents the essence of library cataloging and classification in terms of three basic functions: descriptive cataloging, subject access, and classification. This book is the standard text for the teaching and understanding of cataloging and classification.
Land Cover Classification System : classification concepts and user manual : software version 2
Dynamism and stability in knowledge organization : proceedings of the sixth International ISKO Conference, 10-13 July 2000, Toronto, Canada
Outline of world cultures. 1. nide, Asia, Europe, Africa, Middle East
The implementation of the visual query language CQL for transitive computation
Major trauma in Northern Finland
Colon classification. Vol. 1, Basic classification
Deductive information retrieval based on classifications
An introduction to the twentieth edition of the Dewey Decimal Classification
Designing universal knowledge
Music classification systems
Bibliography of physical training : English titles, 1905 to May, 1911
Decimal classification and relative index. Vol. 1, Introduction. General tables / Melvil, Dewey
Outline of world cultures
Sorting out the Web : approaches to subject access
The library of unrequited love
An introduction to the seventeenth edition of the Dewey decimal classification
Dewey decimal classification and relative index. Volume 3, Schedules 600-999
Science, humanism and libraries
Library classification : facets and analyses
Knowledge organization and quality management : proceedings of the 3rd International ISKO Conference, 20-24 June 1994, Copenhagen, Denmark, organized by The Royal School of Librarianship, Copenhagen, Denmark, in cooperation with The International Society for Knowledge Organization, Germany with support from Dan Fink's Foundation, Denmark
Fysikaalisen meritieteen kirjallisuuden luokitusopas : 551.46 = Bibliographical classification of physical oceanography : 551.46
Theory and practice of the Dewey decimal classification system
