http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12688 audio cassettes
audio cassettes
Puff the magic dragon : The beloved classic and 5 new songs
Suomalaisten äänitteiden luettelo = Catalogue of Finnish recordings. 1988, hakemistot
Hits for the Classroom
Learning to learn English : a course in learner training
Suomalaisten äänitteiden luettelo = Catalogue of Finnish recordings. 1989
Hit the right note : English pronunciation and intonation for native Finnish speakers in business and administrative fields
Suomalaisten äänitteiden luettelo = Catalogue of Finnish recordings. 1984
Mix tape : the art of cassette culture
Suomalaisten äänitteiden luettelo = Catalogue of Finnish recordings. 1989, hakemistot
Suomalaisten äänitteiden luettelo = Catalogue of Finnish recordings. 1990, hakemistot
Rock bass
Dutch : a complete course for beginners
Cassette culture : popular music and technology in North India
The art of digital video
The finnish connection : A book of business and conversational english
Preservation of electronic records : new knowledge and decision-making
The usborne nursery rhyme songbook
Suzuki recorder school : alto recorder. Volume 1, Recorder part
Puff the magic dragon
How to talk : the telephone talk factory
Suomalaisten äänitteiden luettelo 1991 : hakemistot = Catalogue of Finnish recordings. 1991, hakemistot
Suomalaisten äänitteiden luettelo = Catalogue of Finnish recordings. 1990
The ethical soundscape : cassette sermons and Islamic counterpublics
A music lover's guide to record collecting
Suomalaisten äänitteiden luettelo = Catalogue of Finnish recordings. 1988
Suomalaisten äänitteiden luettelo = Catalogue of Finnish recordings. 1991
The digitization of audio tapes
Science Fiction Park Bundesrepublik
Wedding music for flute & guitar
Songs of Ireland : 103 favourite Irish and Irish-American songs
Russian in an easy way : Russian language course for beginners : 30 hours
The Penguin guide to compact discs and cassettes
Fan's affect for music record formats : from vinyl LP to MP3
