http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12612 space stations
space stations
The Departure : The Owner
Mass effect. 2 : Xbox 360, Xbox Live
Space station 76
In the future the afterlife will be digitised. Return to the world of Station in the sequel to the acclaimed Crashing Heaven. On Station the dead live on, haunting the living as Fetches; digital ghosts drawn from the downloaded memories of the deceased. And hell is a series of hard drives where those who cannot haunt are stored. But now one woman must journey into the hard drives to solve a murder. Even as the gods of Station face the dawn of a new age. Mixing classic cyberpunk tropes with a fresh take on how we will live in a virtually enhanced reality, worshipping corporations who have become gods, Al Roberston has established himself as a thoughtful and skilled writer of vastly intelligent, gripping SF thrillers.
Space: 1999 : moon base Alpha, volume 1
THE ILLUSTRATED HISTORY OF MAN IN SPACE
Bill, the galactic hero on the planet of zombie vampires
Tommy Storm
The legal regime for space stations in free orbit : aspects of the legal regime in general, the intellectual property law and the criminal law with special reference to the IGA-Agreement of 1988, i.e. the Agreement among the Government of the United States of America, Governments of Member States of the European Space Agency, the Government of Japan, and the Government of Canada on Cooperation in the detailed design, development, operation and utilization of the permanently manned civil space station
Mass effect : Invasion
Peep inside this lift-the flap information book and explore the vast and wonderful universe. Drifting through the twinkling stars and visiting the moon, readers will feel like astronauts exploring the galaxy themselves.
Legendary encounters : an Alien deck building game
Love : Angels and Airwaves
Eve : True stories
Crashing heaven
The return
Space Shuttle launch system 1972-2004.. 99
Iron sky : invasion : PlayStation 3
My very first space book
Crash landing
Mass effect. 3 : Xbox 360, Xbox Live
Elysium : /directed and written by Neill Blomkamp
Jupiter war
Spacecraft and the journey into space
A history of space exploration : and its future..
Stranded
Skylab : America's space station
Half way home
Moon base Alpha = Space: 1999. 2.
When the space station Heimdall is invaded, Hannah and Nik must work together to defeat the enemy. --
Mass effect : Homeworlds
Waking hell
This is non-fiction for very young children, who will find lots of things to look at and talk about in this highly visual book about space - what it is, where it is, and what's out there. Little ones can find out about planets, stars, asteroids, space travel and lots more - whilst learning lots of interesting new words. – WorldCat.
Space exploration
Space machines
Robot warriors
Space academy : how to fly spacecraft step by step
Stephen Biesty's incredible explosions
Mass effect. 2 : PlayStation 3
Space conquest : the complete history of manned spaceflight
Central Station
The history of space vehicles
You are here : around the world in 92 minutes
Salyut - the first space station : triumph and tragedy
Tracer
Mass effect : Evolution
Mass effect : Xbox 360, Xbox Live
Starbound
In space
Jupiter war : an owner novel
Mass effect : Redemption
The First Empire Has Returned. The New Galactic Union Hangs In The Balance...The Lightship Impulse is gone, sacrificed while defeating First Empire ships the fragile new galactic alliance hoped it would never see again. For Peter Cochrane, serving as third officer on the Starbound and tasked with investigating a mysterious space station in a newly re-discovered system, the wounds of battle may have healed, but the battle is far from over.
International space station 1998-2011 (all stages) : owners' workshop manual : an insight into the history, development, collaboration, production and role of the permanently manned earth-orbiting complex
The cage of Zeus
The first man in space
Chase Insteadman, a handsome, inoffensive fixture on Manhattan's social scene, lives off residuals earned as a child star. Capitalizing on the rapturous and heartbreaking love letters he receives from his teenage sweetheart and fiancee, he lives a life of cloistered ease, that is until a pop critic with a conspiratorial countercultural savvy and a voracious paranoia force him to confront the answers to several mysteries tightly intertwined within the tragic fabric of the city itself.
The Ouroboros wave
50 years in space : what we thought then... what we know now
Iron sky : invasion : Xbox 360
Ender's shadow
Chronic city : a novel
Space encyclopedia
Please don't tell my parents I blew up the Moon
Zhongguoren de taikong zhi lü / China's space travel / compiled by Information Office of the State Council of the People's Republic of China
Moon base Alpha : Space: 1999. 1.
Space : present knowledge, future trends
Mass effect trilogy : PlayStation 3
Supervillains do not merely play hooky.  True, coming back to school after a month spent fighting - and defeating - adult superheroes is a bit of a comedown for the Inscrutable Machine. When offered the chance to skip school in the most dramatic way possible, Penelope Akk can't resist. With the help of a giant spider and mysterious red goo, she builds a spaceship and flies to Jupiter.  Mutant goats. Secret human colonies. A war between three alien races with humanity as the prize. Robot overlords and evil plots. Penny and her friends find all this and more on Jupiter's moons, but what they don't find are any heroes to save the day.  Fortunately, they have an angry eleven year old and a whole lot of mad science...
