http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12644 presentations (lectures)
presentations (lectures)
Presenting secrets
Communication skills : a guide for engineering and applied science students
The results-driven manager : presentations that persuade and motivate
How old are scaled chrysophytes? : fossils from the Giraffe Pipe Deposit, Northwest Territories, Canada
National and comparative history : an inaugural lecture delivered before The University of Oxford on 10 May 1991
Chrysophytes in arctic lakes
The new generation of design -seminaari : Taideteollinen korkeakoulu 19.11.1987
" "If I tell you the truth, if I tell it with a story, and if I tell that story with pictures, I can keep you glued to your seat. Let me show you how." For the vast majority of us, giving a presentation is an extremely difficult and nerve-wracking process, whether we're in a one-on-one meeting, a conference room with a dozen strangers, or a lecture hall in front of thousands. But according to Dan Roam, the visual communications expert and acclaimed author of The Back of the Napkin, it doesn't have to be so hard. We struggle when we forget the basic steps we learned in kindergarten: show and tell. In this short but powerful book, Roam introduces a new set of tools for making extraordinary presentations in any setting. He also draws on ideas he's been honing for more than two decades, as an award-winning presenter who has brought his whiteboard everywhere from Fortune 500 companies to tiny startups to the White House. Even if you're already a good speaker, you'll learn more about understanding your audience, organizing your content, building a clear storyline, creating effective visuals, and channeling your fear into fun. And you'll master three fundamental rules: When we tell the truth, we connect with our audience, we become passionate, and we find self-confidence. When we tell a story, we make complex concepts clear, we make ideas unforgettable, and we include everyone. When we use pictures, people see exactly what we mean, we captivate our audience's mind, and we banish boredom. From nailing the opening to leaving a lasting impression, you'll soon be able to give the performance of a lifetime. time after time. "--
Shakespeare, the theatrical dimension
Resonate : present visual stories that transform audiences
A heritage of images : a selection of lectures by Fritz Saxl
Chrysophyte cyst morphotypes in two high attitude tropical lakes in Nevado de Toluca volcano, Central Mexico
The silica-scaled chrysophyte flora of Hungary
Working in english. Teacher's book
Exploratory investigations of palmelloid stage formation in the Synurophyceae
Part 1. Understanding the technical communication environment -- Part 2. Planning the document -- Part 3. Developing and testing the verbal and visual information -- Part 4. Learning important applications -- Appendix: Reference handbook.
Brilliant presentations : what the best presenters know, do and say
In the line of fire : how to handle tough questions... when it counts
English for environmental science in higher education studies : course book
Paleolimnological evidence for a pollution-related change in the Chrysophyte stomatocyst assemblage from Nižné Terianske Pleso (Tatra, Slovakia)
Tackling coursework : assignments, projects, reports and presentations
Scaled chrysophytes from the Bolshaya Zemla tundra region of Russia
Considérations sur le tourisme international = Observations on international tourism = Consideraciones sobre el turismo international. Vol. 2
Technical communication
Selected papers in aesthetics
Giving presentations
Gut efficiency : the key ingredient in pig and poultry production : elevating animal performance and health
"Communicating in the Health Sciences, third edition is an accessible and engaging introduction to communication within the health sciences. It explores the nature of communication and the communication issues facing students and professionals in the health sciences. It explores the nature of communication and the communication issues facing students and professionals in the health sciences. It addresses a number of important skills, such as interpersonal communication; preparation for effective study; writing records, referrals and academic pieces; intercultural communication; and leading groups. This third edition follows a new five part structure: Understanding Communication, Learning to Communicate, Communicating in the Workplace, Communicating in Teams and Doing Advanced Communication. It also includes a new chapter on 'Digital Communication in a Networked World' and key term definitions in the margins."--Publisher's website.
Nils Westermarckin arkisto 1934-1989
Powerful Presentations : Developing practical guidebook for students
Centennial : collected papers presented at the Centennial Celebration, Washington, D.C., September 13-17, 1948.
Endemicity in silica-scaled chrysophytes
Effective presentation : how to create and deliver a winning presentation
The role of theory in folkloristics and comparative religion : Turku, 21-23 August, 2013
Essentials of human communication
Haralds Teodors Biezaisin arkisto 1946-1978
Show & tell : how everybody can make extraordinary presentations
The presentation secrets of Steve Jobs : how to be insanely great in front of any audience
Chrysophycean paleocyst flora as indicator of climate changes from a post glacial deposit of a Patagonian peat (Neuquén, Argentina)
A book of words : selections from speeches and addresses delivered between 1906 and 1927
Presentation skills 201 : how to take it to the next level as a confident, engaging presenter
Explains how to communicate effectively in business, using e-mail, letters, memos, presentations, proposals, reports, speeches, and resumes.
100 great presentation ideas : from successful managers and companies around the world
"A visual guide to making extraordinary presentations by the acclaimed author of The Back of the Napkin We are all natural born presenters. We have ideas to share, voices to share them, and people to share them with. So why do most of us find public speaking so hard? In this pithy but powerful guide, communication expert Dan Roam provides a simple five-step path to take us from jitters and complexity to confidence and clarity. He explains his tried-and-true visual techniques and the wisdom he has gained from giving award-winning presentations. Roam shows us how to: - Clearly present any idea with simple visuals - Know our audience before we step in front of them - Channel fear into fun"--
Communicating in the health sciences
Present it so they get it : create and deliver effective PowerPoint presentations your audiences will understand
100 things every presenter needs to know about people
Community structure and summer-time succession of chrysophytes in a small, shallow forest lake in SW Finland in 2003.
The effect of nutrient limitation on Dinobryon balticum (Chrysophyceae) : a mesocosm study
Speak with power and confidence : tested ideas for becoming a more powerful communicator
The poetic image
Ralph Waldo Emerson in Europe : class, race, and revolution in the making of an American thinker
Diversity, ecology and biogeography of the "Spumella-like" flagellates
Presenting : delta business communication skills
Julius and Kaarle Krohn Anniversary Symposium : Helsinki, 6 September, 2013
Man and value
Silica-scaled chrysophytes from some tropical freshwater bodies, southeastern Brazil
Tropical silica scaled Chrysophytes flora from Colombia
The art of presentation : your competitive edge
Guide to managerial communication : effective business writing and speaking
Proceedings of the symposium "Building the future together" organized by the European Commission to mark the 40th anniversary of the Declaration of 9 May 1950 : Brussels, 8 May 1990
The language of presentations
The art of public speaking
Persuasive advertising : evidence-based principles
High impact speeches : how to create and deliver words that move minds
Internationalism and languages in school : Interskola 96.
Winning presentations : how to sell your ideas and yourself
Boost your presentation IQ
Workplace communication : process and product
Passport to academic presentations
The Rights and wrongs of women
Passport to academic presentations : student's book
A speaker's guidebook : text and reference, with The essential guide to rhetoric
Chambers professional presentations
Presenting in English : how to give successful presentations
English for presentations : Multi-ROM
A centenary in chrysophyte research : Gunnar Nygaard 1903-2002
Death in the Bolivian High Plateau : burials and Tiwanaku society : [lektio]
Perfect presentations!
Crash and learn : 600+ road-tested tips to keep audiences fired up and engaged!
New species of Uroglena and Ochromonas (Chromulinales, Chrysophyceae) from Estonia
How to master public speaking : [a handbook for every occasion]
Dynamic presentations
How to give a great presentation
TED talks : the official TED guide to public speaking
Gaining the edge in ruminant production : nutritional strategies for optimal productivity and efficiency
The naked presenter : delivering powerful presentations with or without slides
Does the supply and form of nitrogen affect chrysophyte biomass in eutrophic systems?
Making winning presentations : how to carry the day with confidence and success
A Professional legacy : the Eleanor Clarke Slagle lectures in occupational therapy, 1955-2010
Communicating the American way : a guide to U.S. business communications
Narrative in the modern world: unity and diversity : Vilnius, 25-30 June, 2013
Perfect phrases for executive presentations : hundreds of ready-to-use phrases to use to communicate your strategy and vision when the stakes are high
How to present at meetings
Communicating in science : writing and speaking
English for presentations
An inventory of scaled chrysophytes from the Atlantic Coastal Plain of North Carolina, USA, and their relationships to environmental variables
How to deliver a TED Talk : secrets of the world's most inspiring presentations
No and me
Studies on Chrysophyta and Haptophyta (Prymnesiophyta) from China
Pecularities of biomineralization of Synura
International tourism : the great turning point : texts and documents. Vol. 3
Abstract: Projects make professionals - how to write a paper and the outcome.
Silica-scaled chrysophytes from the Czech Republic
Gaining the edge in pork and poultry production : enhancing efficiency, quality and safety
Writing that works : how to communicate effectively in business : e-mail, letters, memos, presentations, plans, reports, proposals, resumes, speeches
Kabbalah, science and the meaning of life
Effective presentation
Giving academic presentations
Communicating at Work : principles and practices for business and the professions
Six memos for the next millenium
Post-prison writings and speeches
Silica-scaled chrysophytes from the Ireland
Passport to academic presentations : teacher's book
Small is beautiful : Small countries theatre conference
Transferable academic skills kit : 12 essential steps to academic success. Module 11, Presentations : course book
The art of explanation : making your ideas, products, and services easier to understand
Biodiversity information : needs and options : proceedings of the 1996 International Workshop on Biodiversity Information
Stand & deliver : giving business presentations
Improve your communication skills
Invited lecture : Anders Björklund: Stem cells and brain repair recent progress and future perspectives
Fearless facilitation : the ultimate field guide to engaging (and involving!) your audience
