http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1263 pensions
pensions
Pension funds in labour surplus economies : an analysis of the developmental role of pension plans in the Caribbean
Kelan tilastollinen vuosikirja 2014= FPAs statistiska årsbok 2014 = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution 2014.
Finnish Centre for Pensions pocket statistics 2015
Pensions, savings and capital flows : from ageing to emerging markets
Pillaged! How they are looting £413 million a day from your savings and pensions ... and what do do about it
Banking on death, or, Investing in life : the history and future of pensions
The economics of aging
The rest has to be lived
Risk and welfare : examining stability and change in "welfare" policies
Averting the old age crisis : policies to protect the old and promote growth
Tilasto Suomen eläkkeensaajista 2008 = Statistik över pensionstagarna i Finland 2008 = Statistical yearbook of pensioners in Finland 2008
Invisible social security revisited : essays in honor of Jos Berghman
Two sides of the coin : mapping responsible investment definition versus the definition by pension funds
Eläkkeellesiirtymisikä Suomen työeläkejärjestelmässä = Pensioneringsålders inom arbetspensionssystemet i Finland = Effective retirement age in the Finnish earnings-related pension scheme
Trends in the composition and level of retirement income in Finland
Lithuanian pension systems : alternatives and proposals for the future : a summary report by the Phare Study Group
How to age in place : planning for a happy, independent, and financially secure retirement
Eläkkeellesiirtymisikä Suomen työeläkejärjestelmässä [huhtikuussa 2008] = Pensioneringsålders inom arbetspensionssystemet i Finland [april 2008] = Effective retirement age in the Finnish earnings-related pension scheme [April 2008]
Abstract.
Tilasto Suomen eläkkeensaajista 2002 = Statistik över pensionstagarna i Finland 2002 = Statistical yearbook of pensioners in Finland 2002
Special issue on 50 years of European social security coordination
AbstractA deteriorating demographic situation, rising unemployment, difficulties in taxes, and a growing informal sector have created substantial difficulties during recent years for the pay-asyou-go (PAYG) pension systems in Baltic countries.For the purpose of guaranteeing solid pension systems, all three Baltic countries are implementing "three-pillar" systems, which supporters claim will be more robust to demographic changes.Latvia leads the Baltics in pension reform, having all pillars of the system working. Nevertheless, Baltic pension reform remains a politically thorny issue.This fact may delay plans to have three-pillar systems operational in all three countries by the beginning of 2003.Keywords: Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania, Pension systems, Social security .
The good retirement guide : everything you need to know about health, property, investment, leisure, work
Race, ethnicity, and disability : veterans and benefits in post-Civil War America
Population-related Policies in Estonia in the 20th Century: Stages and Turning Points
Self-employment and pension provision for the self-employed in Finland
Tilasto Suomen eläkkeensaajista 2008 = Statistik över pensionstagarna i Finland = Statistical yearbook of Pensioners in Finland
Masters of their own time? Working carers’s visions about combining retirement and caring
Tilasto Suomen eläkkeensaajista 2010 = Statistik över pensionstagarna i Finland 2010 = Statistical yearbook of pensioners in Finland 2010
Brilliant retirement : your practical guide to a happy, helthy, financially sound retirement
Macroeconomic effects of pension reforms in the context of ageing populations : overlapping generations model simulations for seven OECD countries
Pension reform in the Baltics :  issues and prospects
Tilasto Suomen eläkkeensaajista 2009 = Statistik över pensionstagarna i Finland 2009 = Statistical yearbook of pensioners in Finland 2009
Early retirement and use of time by older Finns
Eläketurvakeskuksen tilastoja = Statistik från pensionsskyddscentralen = Statistics from the Finnish Centre for Pensions
Pension Systems and Labour Mobility : Portability of Pensions in EU
Pension rights and wages
Wage formation by majority voting and the incentive effects of pensions and taxation
What is the cost of total pension provision and who pays the bill? : cross-national comparison of pension contributions
Life expectancy by labor force status and social class : recent period and cohort trends and projections for Finland
Transformation of the Estonian pension system : policy choices and policy outcomes
Kelan tilastollinen vuosikirja 2013 = FPAs statistiska årsbok 2013 = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution 2013.
Suomen työeläkevakuutetut. 2014 = Arbetspensionsförsäkrade i Finland. 2014 = Persons insured for an earnings-related in Finland. 2014
Individual pensions savings in Finland 2006
Longer careers? : 'Veto' programme indicators
Tilasto Suomen eläkkeensaajista 1998 = Statistik över pensionstagarna i Finland = Statistical yearbook of pensioners in Finland
Rethinking pension reform
Tilasto Suomen eläkkeensaajista 2015 = Statistical yearbook of pensioners in Finland 2015
Flexibility of retirement age
The law of social security
European economy. Reports and studies. 1996, 3, Ageing and pension expenditure prospects in the western world
The macroeconomics of ageing, pensions and savings : a survey
Tilasto Suomen eläkkeensaajista 1999 = Statistik över pensionstagarna i Finland = Statistical yearbook of pensioners in Finland
Tilasto Suomen eläkkeensaajista 2007 = Statistik över pensionstagarna i Finland 2007 = Statistical yearbook of pensioners in Finland 2007
Summary and and key points (s. 9-18).
The Finnish national pension in the process of europeanization : co-ordination and confusion in pension policy
Public and private pensions : the Scandinavian countries in a comparative perspective
Tilasto Suomen eläkkeensaajista 2001 = Statistik över pensionstagarna i Finland 2001 = Statistical yearbook of pensioners in Finland 2001
National disability insurance programs in fourteen countries
Tilasto Suomen eläkkeensaajista 2010 = Statistik över pensionstagarna i Finland 2010 = Statistical yearbook of Pensioners in Finland 2010.
Reforming worker protections: disability pensions in transformation
Pension security in the 21st century : redrawing the public-private debate
Finnish Centre for Pensions pocket statistics 2012
Gender roles and sex equality : European solutions to social security disputes
Tilasto Suomen eläkkeensaajista 2014= Statistical yearbook of pensioners in Finland 2014
Tilasto Suomen eläkkeensaajista 2015 = Statistik över pensionstagarna i Finland 2015 = Statistical yearbook of Pensioners in Finland 2015.
Eläkkeellesiirtymisikä Suomen työeläkejärjestelmässä = Pensioneringsåldern inom arbetspensionssystemet i Finland = Effective retirement age in the Finnish earnings-related pension scheme
Employee benefits : a primer for human resource professionals
Suomen työeläkevakuutetut. 2013 = Arbetspensionsförsäkrade i Finland. 2013 = Persons insured for an earnings-related in Finland. 2013
Second report of the Committee on Pensionable Age : an abstract
Ageing and income : financial resources and retirement in 9 OECD countries
Neighbours look at each other : Estonian and Finnish pension systems
Tilasto Suomen eläkkeensaajista 1997 = Statistik över pensionstagarna i Finland = Statistical yearbook of pensioners in Finland
Essays on misplanning wealth and health : a behavioural approach
Pension systems in the European Union : competition and tax aspects
Suomen työeläkkeensaajat / Arbetspensionstagare i Finland / Pensionsskyddscentralen = Earnings-related pension recipients in Finland / Finnish Centre for Pensions
Tilasto Suomen eläkkeensaajista 2003 = Statistik över pensionstagarna i Finland 2003 = Statistical yearbook of pensioners in Finland 2003
Experience of early exit : a comparative study of the reasons for and consequences of early retirement in Finland and Denmark in 1999-2000
Tilasto Suomen eläkkeensaajista 2005 = Statistik över pensionstagarna i Finland 2005 = Statistical yearbook of pensioners in Finland 2005
The effect of the Lisbon strategy on welfare states : a case study on education and pensions in Estonia and Sweden
Institutional investors as shareholders : the case of pension funds
Executive compensation : money, motivation and imagination
This article is about the experience of population-related policies in Estonia. During the recent decade much has been published on this theme, usually with an analysis of currently enforced regulations. Repeated amendments of legal norms and procedures, which are inevitable in a period of fundamental reforms, however, tend to limit their value quite rapidly. Against such a background, this paper applies a longer perspective with an attempt to cover the main stages and turning points in the development of population-related policies in the country since the establishment of statehood in 1918. In the interwar period, the efforts to build up a modern nation included setting up relevant institutions and regulations in the ? eld of population-related policies. These undertakings have been seldom discussed in the recent publications. Somewhat similarly, the postwar decades are frequently regarded as fairly distant and of little relevance to present challenges. To understand the developments, however, the longer view should not be neglected. Todays concerns are rooted in the arrangements and disarrangements of the past, and no less importantly, such continuity is strengthened by the nature of population development and the ? ow of cohorts which absorb the in? uences of the societal environment and carry them along through their lifetime. The article is structured in four sections focusing on the development of marriage and the family, children and fertility, the pension system and social welfare, and the health care system. In each section, the aim is to outline successive policy regimes and their main characteristics in terms of objectives and methods of regulations. Understandably, limited space does not allow coverage of minor changes and technicalities, so for more speci? c information the article provides further reference to various source materials.  .
Tilasto Suomen eläkkeensaajista 1996 = Statistik över pensionstagarna i Finland = Statistical yearbook of pensioners in Finland
Why are more redistributive social security systems smaller? : a median voter approach
How to create a competitive market in pensions : the international lessons
Public pensions, pension reform and fiscal policy
Optimising pension financing with an application to the Finnish earnings-related pension scheme
Summary (s. 6).
Tilasto Suomen eläkkeensaajista 2004 = Statistik över pensionstagarna i Finland = Statistical yearbook of pensioners in Finland
Complementary pensions : a comparative analysis
Coping with population ageing in Australia
Women's pensions in Sweden
Public sector pensions
Distribution of private retirement plans in Mexico through multilevel marketing : the case study of Expertos Patrimoniales, consulting firm
Pension revolution : a solution to the pensions crisis
Age shock : how finance is failing us
Pensions : challenges and reforms
Essays on pensions and information
Existence effects of retirement savings program
Pensions at a glance 2009 : retirement-income systems in OECD countries
World economic and social survey 2006 : development in an ageing world
Men's generative narratives : making meaning in retirement
Pensions and public finances in Finland : a generational accounting perspective
Suomen työeläkevakuutetut / Arbetspensionsförsäkrade i Finland / Pensionsskyddscentralen = Persons insured for an earnings-related pension in Finland / Finnish Centre for Pensions
Summary.
Pension reform in Europe
Tilasto Suomen eläkkeensaajista 2013 = Statistical yearbook of pensioners in Finland 2013
Finnish Centre for Pensions pocket statistics 2014
"Using data from more than 40,000 soldiers of the Union army, this book focuses on the experience of African Americans and immigrants with disabilities, investigating their decision to seek government assistance and their resulting treatment. Pension administrators treated these ex-soldiers differently from native-born whites, but the discrimination was far from seamless - biased evaluations of worthiness intensified in response to administrators' workload and nativists' late-nineteenth-century campaigns. This book finds a remarkable interplay of social concepts, historical context, bureaucratic expediency, and individual initiative. Examining how African Americans and immigrants weighed their circumstances in deciding when to request a pension, employ a pension attorney, or if seek institutionalization, it contends that these veterans quietly asserted their right to benefits. Shedding new light on the long history of challenges faced by veterans with disabilities, the book underscores the persistence of these challenges in spite of the recent revolution in disability rights"--Provided by publisher.
The economics of pensions : principles, policies, and international experience
Pocket statistics
Increasingly flexible labour markets and reforms of old-age pension systems are still ranking high on the political agenda of European countries. This volume investigates whether, and to what extent, the interplay between pension reforms and the spread of 'atypical' employment patterns and fragmented careers has a negative influence uponeconomic security in old age. The volume, therefore, analyzes the flexibility-security nexus by focusing on the post-retirement phase, thus extending the conventional narrow concept of 'flexicurity'. The book also questions whetherreforms of public and private pension schemes compensate or aggravate the risks of increasingly flexible labor markets and atypical employment careers after retirement? Around this overarching research question, the various contributions in the volume employ the same analytical framework in order to map, and then compare, the developments in seven European countries - Denmark, Germany, Italy, the Netherlands, Poland, Switzerland, and the UK - which present different labour market arrangements and various degrees of flexibility, as well as diverse pension systems.
Disability retirement : socioeconomic differences and health outcomes
Public pensions in a development context : the case of Canada
Royal funding of the Parisian Académie royale des sciences during the 1690s
Promises to keep : saving social security's dream
Tilasto Suomen eläkkeensaajista 2000 = Statistik över pensionstagarna i Finland 2000 = Statistical yearbook of pensioners in Finland 2000
An overlapping-generations simulation model for the Lithuanian economy
The welfare state in Europe : challenges and reforms
Tilasto Suomen eläkkeensaajista 2006 = Statistik över pensionstagarna i Finland 2006 = Statistical yearbook of pensioners in Finland 2006
An empirical analysis of adverse selection in pension plans : evidence from individual data in Japan
Tilasto Suomen eläkkeensaajista 2012 = Statistik över pensionstagarna i Finland 2012 = Statistical yearbook of pensioners in Finland 2012
Linking retirement age to life expectancy : what happens to working lives and income distribution
From internal market regulation to European labour law
Finland's long-term growth outlook
Current issues in pension reform in the Baltics
Tilasto Suomen eläkkeensaajista 2011 = Statistik över pensionstagarna i Finland 2011 = Statistical yearbook of pensioners in Finland 2011
Suomen työeläkkeensaajat. 2015 = Arbetspensionstagare i Finland. 2015 = Earnings-related pension recipients in Finland. 2015
The origins of the ownership society : how the defined contribution paradigm changed America
Pension liability funding as a process
The three pillars of wisdom? : a reader on globalization, World Bank pension models and welfare society
2040-luvun eläkeläiset : nuorten varautuminen tulevaisuuteen vapaaehtoisella eläkevakuutuksella = The pensioners of 2040's : young adults secure their future with personal pension insurance
An analysis of military disability compensation
Political risks of pension systems
Working-life expectancy in Finland : trends and differentials 2000-2015 : a multistate regression approach
The irrelevance of stated plans in predicting farm successions in Finland
Pensions and pension funds in the making of a nation-state and a national economy : the case of Finland
Practicalities bottleneck to pension fund responsible investment?
Providing adequate retirement income : pension reform in the United States and abroad
Reconstructing retirement : work and welfare in the UK and USA
Time use and options for retirement in Europe
Pension policy responses to changing division of labour within the family
The handbook of European welfare systems
The prolongation of the recession, accumulation of public debt and ageing of the population are eroding the growth potential of the Finnish economy. Potential output growth is expected to remain below 1% over the next 25 years.
Contribution to global environmental governance? : viewpoint from pension funds and United Nations Responsible Investment
Tilasto Suomen eläkkeensaajista 2004 = Statistik över pensionstagarna i Finland 2004 = Statistical yearbook of pensioners in Finland 2004
Should old-age benefits be earnings-tested?
Varma : customer magazine for entrepreneurs
Abstract (1 s.).
Supplementary social security schemes in the EEC countries
Old-age pension reforms in the EU-15 countries at a time of retrenchment
Social security in an overlapping model
Social security incentives, human capital investment and mobility of labor
Existence Impacts of Retirement Saving Programs under Heterogeneous Hyperbolic Agents
Labour market flexibility and pension reforms : flexible today, secure tomorrow?
Education and longer working lives : a longitudinal study on education differences in the late exit from working life of older employees in Finland
The Hungarian pension system in transition
The political economy of pensions : political support and scope for reform
Retirement is being 'reconstructed', with the UK following the US path of abolishing mandatory retirement and increasing state pension ages. This timely book assesses prospects for work and retirement at age 65-plus in the UK and US.
Basic features of Finland's pensions schemes
Predictors of early retirement : a population-based study in men from Eastern Finland
Social security schemes administered by Kela 2010-2060 : actuarial report
Unemployment and early retirements of the aged workers in Finland
Studies on wage differentials and labour market transitions
The Finnish pension system
