http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12698 product information
product information
Product tracker : a formalised process of bringing product to market
Abstract.
"Validate your idea by learning the needs of potential users; develop branding, marketing, and sales strategies early on; form relationships with the right investment partners; prototype early and often to ensure you're on the right path; understand processes and pitfalls of manufacturing at scale; jumpstart your business with the help of an accelerator; learn strategies for pricing, marketing, and distribution; be aware of the legal issues your new company may face"--Page 4 of cover.
An embedded object approach to embedded system development
Knowledge base for questions and answers about Wärtsilä Environmental products
Proceedings of the PDM2013 conference, LUT 24.-25.4.2013
Customizing product data management tools for design automation : enhancing product development for mechatronic products
Improving product development process through verification and validation
Update of Giga-Vamos : technology roadmap
Designing usable smart products
Review and analysis of heat loads calculation in Autodesk Revit MEP
Sensory and non-sensory factors behind the liking and choice of healthy food products
Tieto Software Product Quality Analysis System
Oulu UAS educates professionals for the needs of Northern Finland, whose competence corresponds to the needs and development of working life in the region. We react quickly to the changes occurring in working life and the requirements of new competence.    At the degree programme of Information Technology we aim to develop our teaching to include more real-life project work: our curricula include increasingly more company-related projects. This way we are able to provide our students with a more realistic view of the everyday work at companies, and also improve their employment opportunities.    The purpose of this publication is to spread the word about the projects and results achieved by the students and staff of the Information Technology department. In addition to student projects, our department is also involved in many domestic and international projects well worth mentioning. Yearly, our students complete hundreds of thesis and project work. This publication also presents good examples of our successful projects.
eHealth services and technology : challenges for co-development
Learnability makes things click : a grounded theory approach to the software product evaluation
Developing technology pushed breakthroughs : defining and assessing success factors in ICT industry
Life cycle assessment of products and technologies : LCA Symposium, VTT, Espoo, Finland, 6 October 2009
Industrial automation systems and integration : product data representation and exchange. Part 216, Application protocol : ship moulded forms
Improving Inventory Operations through Data Collection and Monitoring : Case Etra
Selling tourism services at a distance : an analysis of the EU consumer acquis
Logical and semantic foundations of knowledge representation for assembly and manufacturing processes
User involvement and entrepreneurial action
Hybridmedia as a tool to deliver personalised product-specific information about food : report of the Tivik project
Cytochrome P450 enzymes : in vitro, in vivo, and in silico studies
Polymer science and engineering : the shifting research frontiers
Enhancing understanding of company-wide product data management in ICT companies
Formalizing configuration knowledge using rules with choices
Product data management : a strategic perspective : DIM4
Tupakkatilasto 2013 = Tobaksstatistik 2013 = Tobacco statistics 2013
Customer feedback channel implementation in PDM system
Cosmetic and toiletry formulations
Product lifecycle management
Beyond boundary objects : improving engineering communication with conscription devices
Product Information Management is the latest topic that companies across the world are deliberating upon. As companies sell online, they are confronted with the fact that not all information necessary to sell their products is available. Where marketing, sales and finance have been core processes of the corporate world for a long time, PIM is a new business process with its own unique implementation and management challenges. The book describes the core PIM processes; their strategic, tactical and operational benefits and implementation challenges. The book has been written for managers, business users as well as students, and illustrates the different concepts with practical cases from companies like Coca Cola, Nikon and Thomas Cook.
Innovation in product design : from CAD to virtual prototyping
The Improvements for Indie Game Development
Product data management : 4 views on practices and current challenges
Creation and maintenance of material replacement chain
PLM vision 2016 and beyond
Ecological intelligence : how knowing the hidden impacts of what we buy can change everything
Design of sustainable product life cycles
An analysis of product data management system development project
Information flows in customer-oriented service development process
iConnected : use AirPlay, iCloud, apps, and more to bring your Apple devices together
Industrial automation systems and integration : product data representation and exchange. Part 239, Application protocol : product life support and application modules
Regulating secure software development : analysing the potential regulatory solutions for the lack of security in software
Knowledge creation and sharing in an organization  : An empirical analysis of the New Product Development process
What's in this stuff? : the essential guide to what's really in the products you buy
Should customer voice be heard? : The acquisition and significance of customer information in new sports product development
Potential benefits of building information modeling for building material supplier
Effects of IT in Marketing of Communication services : Case: Safaricom Kenya Ltd.
Hair and hair care
Introducing product data ownership network
The purpose of this thesis was to develop and intensify the design procedures in Paroc Oy Ab. The goal was to study different methods and harmonize ways of conducting design work. There was a great need for this because in addition to Paroc's own designers, the services of consulting designers from outside of the company were also used. Between companies there are major differences in using certain procedures and when designers are used from outside of the company the design work has to be harmonized so that manufacturing and maintenance would be more efficient. The emphasis in this thesis is on SolidWorks design and helpful tools such as the PDM that are used in the SolidWorks environment. The goal was to create standardized solutions for platforms, stairs, guard-rails, duct accessories and safety nets. The interpretation of technical standards has a great role in creating standardized parts. The possibilities of more efficient component use and the file archive system were studied to make the procedures as efficient as possible for the design work. Fast development of technical solutions and software to be considered when analyzing the results of this thesis as the conclusions may not be valid in the future.
Consumer search in electronic markets
Industrial automation systems and integration : product data representation and exchange. Part 218, Application protocol : ship structures
Environmental quality of wood products : preliminary study about the UK market
Towards computer-assisted regulation of emotions
An active attitude and the spirit of doing : hands-on work and results at the Information Technology department of Oulu UAS
The main task for most development-intensive organisations is to create, develop and commercialise new products and services. The technology push (TP) concept is considered an important competitive advantage for companies trying to create breakthrough products. Because development processes are risky and failure rates are high, especially in the case of technology pushed projects, defined success factors are valuable knowledge for the management of development-intensive firms.The prime objective of this study is to present a compact set of TP project success factors in an information and communication technology (ICT) context. Because the literature on new product development and innovation has presented many success factors for developed products, but has done so in a way that presents the factors as having a nebulous nature, the specification of TP success factors is also presented. The success factors are also empirically validated. The goal of the validation was to determine the relevance of the success factors introduced, and potentially define new ones. The validation was performed through an empirical study with semi-structured company interviews.As a result of this study we concluded that one success factor defined through the literature review should be removed due to a lack of relevance, that the other twelve success factors were validated, and three new success factors were identified during the empirical study. Eventually fifteen TP success factors are defined and presented.The practical relevance of this study is to help firm management to recognise the real actions needed to reduce product development risks. The theoretical relevance is in helping scholars to focus on key issues when studying the key factors of breakthrough development cases.
Messenger package : integrating technology, design and marketing for future package communication : final report
Conceptual development of product lifecycle management
Industrial automation systems and integration : product data representation and exchange. Part 212, Application protocol : electrotechnical design and installation
Information processing in global virtual NPD projects
Geometric modeling for product realization : selected and expanded papers from the IFIP TC5/WG5.2 Working Conference on Geometric Modeling, Rensselaerville, NY, U.S.A., 27 September - 1 October 1992
Industrial automation systems and integration : product data representation and exchange. Part 215, Application protocol : ship arrangement
What does the drug package reveal of its contents?
Creative suite 3 integration : Photoshop, Illustrator, Indesign, Dreamweaver, Flash Pro, Acrobat, Bridge and Version Cue
Online or offline : motives behind the purchasing channel choice of online information seekers
Dimensionality of quality from a customer perspective in the wood industry
An architecture for flexible manufacturing systems based on task-driven agents
"You've seen the headlines: Parmesan cheese made from sawdust. Lobster rolls containing no lobster at all. Extra virgin olive oil that isn't. Fake foods are in our supermarkets, our restaurants, and our kitchen cabinets. Food journalist Larry Olmsted exposes the pervasive and dangerous fraud perpetrated on consumers by bringing readers into the unregulated food industry, revealing the alarming truth: What we think we're eating is not what we're really eating. This shocking deception extends from high-end foods like olive oil, wine, and Kobe beef to everyday staples such as coffee, honey, juice, and cheese. It's a massive bait and switch where counterfeiting is rampant and where the consumer ultimately pays the price. Olmstead travels to the sources of the real stuff, to help us recognize what to look for, eat, and enjoy. Genuine Parmigiano-Reggiano from Italy, fresh-caught grouper from Florida, authentic port from Portugal. Real foods that are grown, raised, produced, and prepared with care by masters of their craft."
Versions of care technology
Marketing-sales cooperation and its relation on direct sales performance : an example of a medium-sized oil company
Tupakkatilasto 2012 = Tobaksstatistik 2012 = Tobacco statistics 2012
Further Development of Tieto Software Product Quality Analysis System
Developing a Reclaim Information System : Case: Lemminkäinen Betonituote
Product information management : theory and practice
Product data management : product lifecycle management, metadata bill of materials, access control
Inviting lead users from virtual communities to co-create : innovative IS services in a structured groupware environment
Tupakkatilasto 2014 = Tobaksstatistik 2014 = Tobacco statistics 2014
A casebook on European consumer law
TERPS product database
Industrial automation systems and integration : product data representation and exchange. Part 227, Application protocol : plant spatial configuration
Development of product data management and material control
Reviewing key building blocks of an integrated carbon footprinting and consumer purchases' monitoring & reward system - interaction with the consumer : Climate Bonus project report (WP4)
Requirements engineering : linking design and manufacturing in ICT companies
Hybrid media in personal management of nutrition and exercise : report on the HyperFit project
Industrial automation systems and integration : product data representation and exchange. Part 42, Integrated generic resource : geometric and topological representation
The hardware startup : building your product, business, and brand
Development and applications of knowledge-intensive product strategies of Finnish high-tech firms in emerging markets : case study of Finnish biotech manufacturer in Central and Eastern Europe
Work load balancing of a generalized flexible flow line in printed circuit board production
Ecodesign in the EU : four projects focusing on information technology, education and product desing
Improving product information management in global project based manufacturing
Real food / fake food : why you don't know what you're eating & what you can do about it
Developing technology pushed breakthroughs:defining and assessing success factors in ICT industry
An active attitude and the spirit of doing. Hands-on work and results at the Information Technology department of Oulu UAS
The First Finnish Mass Customization and Personalization (MCP) Forum : facing international research
PDM system functions and utilizations analysis to improve the efficiency of sheet metal product design and manufacturing
