http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12632 classification schemes
classification schemes
Outline of cultural materials
Library of Congress classification : BR-BX : Christianity : Bible
Patterns of aquatic macrophytes in the boreal region : implications for spatial scale issues and ecological assessment
Dewey decimal classification and relative index. Volume 2, Schedules 000-599
Theory and practice of the Dewey decimal classification system
Library of Congress classification. M, Music and books on music
HCLCS : Helsinki City Library classification system : abridged edition
Dewey decimal classification and relative index. Volume 4, Relative index, manual
A new manual of classification
Dewey decimal classification and relative index. Vol. 4, Relative index
Standard industrial classification manual 1987
Dewey decimal classification and relative index. Vol. 1, Manual, tables
Dewey decimal classification and relative index. Vol. 2, Auxiliary tables ; Relative index
Dewey decimal classification and relative index. Vol. 2, Schedules 000-599
Kulttuuriaineiston luokitus = Outline of cultural materials
A classification for medical and veterinary libraries
Library of Congress classification. M, Music
Decimal classification and relative index. Vol. 1, Introduction. General tables / Melvil, Dewey
Library of Congress classification. P-PA, Philology and linguistics (general), Greek language and literature, Latin language and literature
Chinese decimal classification = Chung-kuo tʻu shu shih chin fên lei fa
Music classification systems
Dewey decimal classification and relative index. Volume 3, Schedules 600-999
Dewey decimal classification and relative index. Volume 1, Introduction, tables
Dewey decimal classification and relative index. Vol. 3, Schedules 600-999
Classification in theory and practice : sorting out your library
Library of Congress classification. BL-BQ. Religion (general). Hinduism. Judaism. Islam. Buddhism
Scale in spatial information and analysis
An introduction to the seventeenth edition of the Dewey decimal classification
The DDC, the universe of knowledge, and the post-modern library
