http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12684 dogmatics
dogmatics
Schediasma historico-philologicum, breves de aeonibus sistens cogitationes, quas consensu amplissimi ordinis philosophorum in Regia Acad. Aboënsi, praeside viro adm. reverendo & celeberrimo, m. Laur. Tammelin math. prof. ord. & reg. nec non pastore in Lundo. Pro gradu magisterii, examini submittit publico & in aud. majori, si Deo visum fuerit, die 11. Junii 1708. Tueri conabitur Ericus Falander, Ost-Bothniensis
History of theology. 1, The Patristic period
Modern faith and thought
Theology : the basic readings
God, grace and gospel
An outline of Orthodox patristic dogmatics = Epitomos orthodoksos paterikē dogmatikē
Caminemos con Jesús : toward a Hispanic/Latino theology of accompaniment
The mystery of Christ : life in death
The Filioque
Selected writings of Martin Luther
Against those who are unwilling to confess that the Holy Virgin is Theotokos
Contemporary Catholic theology : a reader
Children and the theologians : clearing the way for grace
Essential writings
The hermeneutics of doctrine : Anthony C. Thiselton and his search for a unified hermeneutics
The communion of saints : a dogmatic inquiry into the sociology of the church
Compendium : catechism of the Catholic Church
Cosmic liturgy : the universe according to Maximus the Confessor
Buddhism, knowledge, and liberation : a philosophical analysis of suffering
Systematic theology. Vol. 3
Beginning to read the fathers
Crucified and resurrected : restructuring the grammar of Christology
Dumitru Stăniloae : tradition and modernity in theology
Christian dogmatics. Vol. 3
The gift of grace : the future of Lutheran theology
Systematic theology : Roman Catholic perspectives. Volume 1
Some aspects of contemporary Greek Orthodox thought
Christian dogmatics. Volume 1
The annotated Luther. Volume 4, Pastoral writings
The essence of Christianity : a fresh look at the Nicene Creed
Doctrines of the Creed : their basis in Scripture and their meaning to-day
Light from the East : theology, science, and the Eastern Orthodox tradition
The Oxford encyclopedia of the Reformation. Volume 2
A history of Christian thought : from its Judaic and Hellenistic origins to existentialism
The making of modern German christology : from enlightenment to Pannenberg
Orthodox Christianity, marriage & contraception : understanding the mystery of marriage and the problem of contraception from within the Orthodox Christian dogmatic tradition
C. S. Lewis : a theological assessment of his propagation of the faith
Visions of God and ideas on deification in patristic thought
Systematic theology. 2, The works of God
The theology and dogma of the Orthodox Church
The Oxford encyclopedia of the Reformation. 1, [Abst-Doop]
Raised in glory and power : Orthodox understandings of death, resurrection, and immortality
Dogmatics in outline
The annotated Luther. Volume 2, Word and faith
Christian dogmatics
Theological investigations. 4, More recent writings
God in creation : an ecological doctrine of creation : the Gifford lectures 1984-1985
The shaking of the foundations
Vested in grace : priesthood and marriage in the Christian East
Specimen academicum, de necessitate revelationis, quod, cum consensu ampliss. facult. philos. Reg. Acad. Aboënsis, praeside doct. Carolo Frid. Mennander, hactenus scient. natur. jam s. theol. profess. reg. & ord. Reg. Acad. Scient. Svec. socio, publico examini subjicit Georgius Forsman, Carol. fil. O. B. sacellanus in Lohteâ [et] Ylicannus. Die XII. Maji, anni MDCCLIII. in auditorio majori, horis ante meridiem solitis
Christian dogmatics. Vol. 2
Christian symbol and ritual : an introduction
Principles of Christian theology
The question of God : an introduction and sourcebook
The patristic doctrine of redemption : a study of the development of doctrine during the first five centuries
The Christian commitment : essays in pastoral theology
The Christian faith
Way of unification
Unification family life
Beloved community : critical dogmatics after Christendom
Offenbarung, Tradition and Schriftauslegung : Bausteine zu einer christlichen Bibelhermeneutik
This is a fresh reading of Christian theology, re-interpreting discussions of theological method and considering them in light of contemporary philosophical debates. It re-evaluates the traditional theological warrants and the concept of systematic theology, arguing that Christian theology is inherently systematic.
The diaconate : a full and equal order
Theodore Abū Qurrah
Systematic theology. Vol. 2
Theological investigations. 1, God, Christ, Mary and grace
Christian theology : an introduction
Functional and dysfunctional Christianity
Church dogmatics
A Roman Catholic Theology of pastoral care
Reformed dogmatics : set out and illustrated from the sources
One calling in Christ : the laity in the Orthodox Church : papers from the Annual Meeting of the Orthodox Theological Society in America 2004
Freeing theology : the essentials of theology in feminist perspective
Conversations with God : an uncommon dialogue. Book 2
Preaching in the Orthodox church : lectures and sermons by a priest of the Holy Orthodox Church
Harlots of the desert : a study of repentance in early monastic sources
The theology of Schleiermacher : Lectures at Göttingen, Winter Semester of 1923/24
Christian theology : an introduction to its traditions and tasks
The architecture of theology : structure, system, and ratio
Our Orthodox Christian faith : a handbook of popular dogmatics
The Oxford Handbook of Christology brings together 40 authoritative essays considering the theological study of the nature and role of Jesus Christ. This collection offers dynamic perspectives within the study of Christology and provides rigorous discussion of inter-confessional theology, which would not have been possible even 60 years ago. The first of the seven parts considers Jesus Christ in the Bible. Rather than focusing solely on the New Testament, this section begins with discussion of the modes of God's self-communication to us and suggests that Christ's most original incarnation is in the language of the Hebrew Bible. The second section considers Patristics Christology. These essays explore the formation of the doctrines of the person of Christ and the atonement between the First Council of Nicaea in 325 and the eve of the Second Council of Nicaea. The next section looks at Mediaeval theology and tackles the development of the understanding of who Christ was and of his atoning work. The section on 'Reformation and Christology' traces the path of the Reformation from Luther to Bultmann. The fifth section tackles the new developments in thinking about Christ which have emerged in the modern and the postmodern eras, and the sixth section explains how beliefs about Jesus have affected music, poetry, and the arts. The final part concludes by locating Christology within systematic theology, asking how it relates to Christian belief as a whole. This comprehensive volume provides an invaluable resource and reference for scholars, students, and general readers interested in the study of Christology.
The Orthodox faith. Vol. 1, Doctrine
The Cambridge companion to Christian doctrine
Should Christianity's theological face remain largely European and North American in the twenty-first century in the wake of the expansion of Christianity in sub-Saharan Africa, Asia, and Latin America? The question about the "theological face" of Christianity cannot be ignored. For too long African, Asian, and Latin American theologians have been left out of mainstream theological discussions. Few standard textbooks on Christian theology acknowledge the unique contributions theologians from these continents have made to global Christianity. Introducing Christian Theologies: Voices from Global Christian Communities is a two-volume textbook that alters the predominantly European and North American "theological face" of Christianity by interacting with the voices of the Christian communities from around the globe. Introducing Christian Theologies explores the works of key theologians from across the globe, highlighting their unique contributions to Christian theology and doctrine. --
The educating icon : teaching wisdom and holiness in the Orthodox way
On the cosmic mystery of Jesus Christ : selected writings from St. Maximus the Confessor
Church dogmatics : general index
A history of Christian theology : an introduction
The God of Jesus Christ : meditations on God in the Trinity
Christian dogmatics. Vol. 1
The dark side of Christian history
Lectures in Christian Dogmatics
France and the cult of the Sacred Heart : an epic tale for modern times
Christian dogmatics. Volume 2
Systematic theology. Vol. 1
The Oxford handbook of Christology
Self-relating and self-change : a study in the comparative theologies of Kenneth Cragg and Wilfred Cantwell Smith with special regards to their theological relations to Islam
God with us : critical issues in Christian life and faith
On Christian theology
To declare God's forgiveness : toward a pastoral theology of reconciliation
The way for a true child
Theological investigations. 5, Volume V : Later writings
The God of Jesus Christ : meditations on the Triune God
The Orthodox faith : an elementary handbook on the Orthodox Church. Vol. 2, Worship
Lumen Gentium, Vatican II's Dogmatic Constitution on the Church, changed how the church thinks about the laity, holiness, baptism, and even the nature and purpose of the church itself. In A Council That Will Never End, the highly regarded ecclesiologist Paul Lakeland marks the fiftieth anniversary of this document's promulgation by taking up three major themes of the constitution, analyzing the text, and identifying some of the questions with which it leaves us. These themes are the role of the bishop in the church and the ways Lumen Gentium's teaching relates to various tensions in today's church, the laity and in particular the mixed blessing of describing them in the category of "secularity", and the relationships between the church and the people of God and what they tell us about the ways in which all people are offered salvation. Lakeland is convinced that Lumen Gentium leaves much unfinished business (as any historical document must), that attending to it will take us beyond much of the now sterile ecclesial divisions, and that the ecclesiology of humility it implies marks the way that theology must guide the church in the years ahead.
The common life in the body of Christ
Ecclesial mediation in Karl Barth
Justification : the article by which the Church stands for
Unity and diversity in the New Testament : an inquiry into the character of earliest Christianity
Orthopraxia : the life of the Orthodox Church
Fundamentals of catholic dogma
The one and the three : nature, person and triadic monarchy in the Greek and Irish patristic tradition
Jonathan Edwards confronts the gods : Christian theology, Enlightenment religion, and non-Christian faiths
The innovations of the Roman Church
Ultimate things : an Orthodox Christian perspective on the end times
The concise Oxford dictionary of the Christian Church
The intellectual origins of the European Reformation
Christology : a biblical, historical, and systematic study of Jesus
A quest for reform of the Orthodox Church : the 1923 Pan-Orthodox Congress : an analysis and translation of its acts and decisions
Trinitarian theology today : essays on divine being and act
Balthasar on the spiritual senses : perceiving splendour
Huldrych Zwingli
The theological imagination : constructing the concept of God
Orthodox spirituality : a practical guide for the faithful and a definitive manual for the scholar
Theological explorations
C.S. Lewis index : rumours from the sculptor's shop
Ecclesiasticus. 1, Introducing Eastern Orthodoxy
A council that will never end : Lumen gentium and the church today
Persons in Communion : a theology of authentic relationships
Letter to the Bishops of the Catholic Church on the collaboration of men and women in the church and in the world
Byzantine theology : historical trends and doctrinal themes
A Baptist's theology
Christian dogmatics. Vol. 4, Index : according to subject matter, authors and scripture passages
Analogiae terminorum sacrae continuationem biblicam, consensu ampliss. facult. philos. in Regia Academia Aboënsi, praeside dn. Isaaco Biörklund, l. l. sacr. profess. ord. dissertatione graduali, publice examinandam sistit Esajas Fellman O. Botn. Ad diem XXIX. Martii MDCCXXIX. loco horisq[ue] solitis
"Volume 4 of The annotated Luther series presents an array of Martin Luther's writings related to pastoral work, including sermons, hymns, letters, writings on prayer and the Christian life, as well as his widely used Small catechism. Prefaces to his own writings contain his reflections on his own reforming work. Each volume in The annotated Luther series contains new introductions, annotations, illustrations, and notes to help shed light on Luther's context and interpret his writings for today."-- (irtokansi)
Systematic theology : Roman Catholic perspectives. Volume 2
Understanding Karl Rahner : an introduction to his life and thought
Essays in theology and liturgy. Vol. 1, Theology : the conscience of the Church
A history of Christian thought. 2, From Augustine to the eve of the Reformation
The crusade indulgence : spiritual rewards and the theology of the Crusades, c.1095-1216
The ecclesiological renovation of Vatican II : an Orthodox examination of Rome's ecumenical theology regarding baptism and the Church
Fifty key Christian thinkers
The ancestral sin
An introduction to Catholic ethics since Vatican II
God - the world's future : systematic theology for a new era
The way of Christ : Gospel, spirituality, and renewal in Orthodoxy
Introducing christian theologies. Volume one, Voices from global Christian communities
I love, therefore I am : the theological legacy of Archimandrite Sophrony
Systematic theology. 1, The triune God
The metaphor of God incarnate
The Gospel in brief
Orthodox dogmatic theology : a concise exposition
The Christian story : a narrative interpretation of basic Christian doctrine. Vol. 1
A history of Christian thought.. 1
Agnosis: Theology in the void
A history of Christian thought. 1, From the beginnings to the Council of Chalcedon
Constructive theology : a contemporary approach to classical themes, with CD-ROM
Compendium of theology
Man : the image of God
Dogmatics in outline : with a new Foreword by the author
The promise of Trinitarian theology
C. S. Lewis & Francis Schaeffer : Lessons for a new century from the most influential apologists of our time
He who is : a study in traditional Theism
The three-personed God : the Trinity as a mystery of salvation
O Death, where is thy sting?
Systematic theology. Volume I : the triune God
Barth, origen, and universal salvation : restoring particularity
A theology in outline : can these bones live?
Defending the "people of truth" in the early Islamic period : the Christian apologies of Abū Rā̕̕iṭah
Essays in theology and liturgy. Vol. 2, Challenges and opportunities : the church in her mission to the world
John Donne's doctrine of the church
Sola Scriptura! : The Protestant position on the Bible
The greek orthodox Catholic Church
Who is our God? : past and present theology on God
Miracles and the medieval mind : theory, record, and event, 1000-1215
Non-gods and gods : a cosmontological treatise
