http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1265 archaeology
archaeology
Karanòg : the Meroitic inscriptions of Shablûl and Karanòg
The deceit
The economy and livelihoods of the early Christian monasteries in Palestine
With summaries.
The archaeology of the Channel Islands. 1
Saxon's bane
The illustrated encyclopedia of ancient earth mysteries
Urbanism under sail : an archaeology of fluit ships in early modern everyday life
Wetherill Mesa excavations : Mug House, Mesa Verde national park - Colorado
Fibula, fabula, fact : the Viking Age in Finland
Studies in late Anglo-Saxon coinage : in memory of Bror Emil Hildebrand
Prehistory of the Somerset Levels
The article focuses on the question of ancient Scandinavian cultic buildings, with particular reference to the concept Old Norse hof . I survey the semantics of this term in written sources, in poetic traditions, in the Sagas of the Icelanders and in place names. My hypothesis is that the term does not refer to a static phenomenon, but rather its meaning varies across different sources and contexts. It is therefore often difficult to apply it as a general concept, or to connect it with a specific type of archaeological find or structure, as has occasionally been the case in the archaeology of religion.
In the article I discuss the different functions and meanings of bronze bear-tooth pendants in the Finnish Late Iron Age (800-1150/1300 CE). I first focus on an analysis of the pendants in terms of archaeological methodology: chronology, typology and find context. The second focus on attention, and in this article the most important one, is on the interpretation on these pendants. They are usually interpreted as magical items, amulets. In my opinion this is not the only possible interpretation. I suggest that the pendants can be interpreted as magical or religious, but that their possible protective use as amulets does not exclude other functions, such as a decorative and/or social one. I emphasise the possibility that bear-tooth pendants may be linked to a symbolic form of expression involving the idea of control of the forest and wilderness. Finnish folk tradition and mythology point to a metaphoric and metonymic relationshiop on the one hand between the bear and the wilderness, on the otehr the bear and women. The bronze bear-tooth pendatns - possibly worn only by women - may have carried a symbolic message of control over the wilderness; this control could have been mythology-based and practised by ritual acts; at the same time it could also take the form of concrete acts, such as utilization of the wilderness: a fur-based economy and control over the fur trade.
The celts
Scotland : an archaeological guide
The archaeology of wings : birds and people in the Baltic Sea region during the Stone Age
Horae ferales, or studies in the archaeology of the northern nations
For theory building in archaeology : essays on faunal remains, aquatic resources, spatial analysis, and systemic modeling
In the beginning : an introduction to archaeology
American antiquity
The Alma database : an important new scholarly resource
Summaries
Health in Southern Finland : bioarchaeological analysis of 555 skeletons excavated from nine cemeteries (11th-19th century AD)
E-learning methodologies and computer applications in archaeology
To Petra via Jabal Haroun : Nabatean-Roman road remains in the Finnish Jabal Haroun project survey area
The rise and fall of civilizations : modern archaeological approaches to ancient cultures : selected readings
Qumran : the site of the Dead Sea Scrolls : archaeological interpretations and debates : proceedings of a conference held at Brown University, November 17-19, 2002
Preliminary archaeological investigations in the Sierra de Tamaulipas, Mexico
Dress and identity in Iron Age Britain : a study of glass beads and other objects of personal adornment
Archaeology : an introduction : the history, principles and methods of modern archaeology
Activity report
"This book presents innovative instructional approaches for archaeological e-learning based on networked technologies, providing researchers, scholars, and professionals a comprehensive global perspective on the resources, development, application, and implications of information communication technology in multimedia-based educational products and services in archaeology"--Provided by publisher.
The European archaeologist : newsletter of the European Association of Archaeologists
Archaeology in the USSR
Landscape dynamics : spatial analyses of villages and farms on Gotland AD 200-1700
Hero : the life and legend of Lawrence of Arabia
People, material culture and environment in the north : proceedings of the 22nd Nordic Archaeological Conference, University of Oulu, 18-23 August 2004
The northmen
Archaeologia Americana
Coastal communities on the move : house and polity interaction in Southern Ostrobothnia 1500 BC-AD 1
Helsinki papers in archaeology
Ancient Greece
Scotland before the Scots : being the Rhind Lectures for 1944
Tor : tidskrift för arkeologi = journal of archaeology. Vol. 30, 1998-1999
The story of the Holy Land : a visual history
The Jastorf Culture in Poland
The hunt and hunting weapons in antiquity and the middle ages
The archaeology of Nakhichevan : ten years of new discoveries
Old routes of western Īrān
Egypt-omania : our three thousand year obsession with the land of the Pharaohs
On Ostrow Island, nearby which today's Pozna ́n is located ..
The ship in the field
"A war is coming, a battle that will stretch from the prehistoric forests of the ancient past to the cutting-edge research labs of today. In the remote mountains of Croatia, an archaeologist makes a strange discovery: a subterranean Catholic chapel, hidden for centuries, holds the bones of a Neanderthal woman. In the same cavern system, elaborate primitive paintings tell the story of an immense battle between tribes of Neanderthals and monstrous shadowy figures. Who is this mysterious enemy depicted in these ancient drawings, and what do the paintings mean? Before any questions can be answered, the investigative team is attacked, while at the same time, a bloody assault is made upon a primate research center outside of Atlanta. How are these events connected? Who is behind these attacks? The search for the truth will take Commander Gray Pierce of Sigma Force 50,000 years into the past. As he and Sigma trace the evolution of human intelligence to its true source, they will be plunged into a cataclysmic battle for the future of humanity that stretches across the globe. and beyond. With the fate of our future at stake, Sigma embarks on its most harrowing odyssey ever--a breathtaking quest that will take them from ancient tunnels in Ecuador that span the breadth of South America to a millennia-old necropolis holding the bones of our ancestors. Along the way, revelations involving the lost continent of Atlantis will reveal true mysteries tied to mankind's first steps on the moon. Gray Pierce and his team will face their greatest threat: an ancient evil, resurrected by modern genetic science, strong enough to bring about the end of man's dominance on this planet. Only this time, Sigma will falter--and the world we know will change forever."
The archaeology of Palestine
From the field to the publication : the retrieval and presentation of pottery - a case study from Early Iron Age Tel Kinrot, Israel
The Annales school and archaeology
Swedish seminar papers in archaeology 1991-1996
Early ships and seafaring : European water transport
The historic city of Nara : an archaeological approach
Archaeological view of ancient Shanghai
The lost army of Cambyses
Sārnate: living by a coastal lake during the East Baltic Neolithic
Sweet track to Glastonbury : the Somerset Levels in prehistory
The map of lost memories : a novel
Samantha Sutton and the labyrinth of lies
The ecology of information work : a case study of bridging archaeological work and virtual reality based knowledge organisation
Homage to Milutin Garašanin
Prehistoric Ireland
Intrasite spatial analysis in theory and practice
Archeological investigations in British Guiana
This article focuses on three interrelated themes in the study of ancient Greek religion, looked at through the mateiral evidence from the sanctuary of Poseidon at Kalaureia on the island of Poros, Greece. First, I look at the so-called polis model and its applicability to an interpretation of Kalaureian material related to the cultic life of the sanctuary from the point of view of the 'historiography' of Greek religion. I then discuss the historical context of the archaeological material, with particular emphasis on the topic of the sanctuary as a known place of asylum particularly during the Hellenistic period. Thirdy, I examine the archaeological material related to eating and dining and its potential connections to the demarcation between sacred and profane activities and between sacralised and profane space in the sanctuary, with special interpretative attention to the significance of border(s) and boundaries. Drawing attention to these issues may help us understand the dynamics and interplay between 'official' and 'private' aspects of ancient Greek religion, within both the tradition of the scholarship of ancient Greek religion and the so-called 'archaeology of cult'.
Conservation of cultural heritage. Guidelines for the management of waterlogged wood on an archaeological terrestrial sites
Prehistoric and early Wales
Interpreting artefact scatters : contributions to ploughzone archaeology
Mysteries and discoveries of archaeoastronomy : from Giza to Easter Island
Archaeology : a brief introduction
The material culture of the Klamath Lake and Modoc Indians of northeastern California and southern Oregon
Who owns the past? : a grass roots critique of heritage policy
Trend, tradition, and turmoil : what happened to the southeastern Archaic? : proceedings of the Third Caldwell Conference, St. Catherines Island, Georgia, May 9-11, 2008
BAR. Supplementary series
Lund archaeological review
Entangled worlds : archaeologies of ambivalence in the Viking Age
Archeology : an introduction : the history, principles and methods of modern archeology
Civilizations of the old Sudan : Kerman, Kush, Christian Nubia
Danish journal of archaeology
From Santa Elena to St. Augustine : indigenous ceramic variability : A.D. 1400-1700
Interpreting archeology
Larousse encyclopedia of archaeology
The archaeology of the Cambridge region
This paper presents a brief study of the rural cultural landscape in southern Finland. Most rural landscapes in southern Finland are produced by traditional agriculture and affected by modern farming. The cultural landscape of the countryside is therefore a human cultural achievement: working the land creates the agrarian landscape. Natural processes must be yielded and acknowledged, however. The various periodic layers of the rural landscape derive from its inhabitants and their historical periods. In this way, the landscape is comprised of natural and cultural phenomena, which can be both old and new. This paper is based on a study of the rural cultural landscapes of Perniö and Karjaa in southern Finland. The examination suggests a long-term landscape development from prehistoric to historical periods.
Experiencing the past : on the character of archaeology
The presented past : heritage, museums and education
Holocene development of the Pennala basin with special reference to the palaeoenvironment of Meso- and Neolithic dwelling sites, Lahti-Orimattila, Southern Finland
The late Iron Age bear-tooth pendants in Finland : symbolic mediators between women, bears, and wilderness?
Germanic animal art of Salin's style I in Finland / en västfinsk kulturgrupp under yngre järnåldern ; Torsten Edgren. Der Pekkatori in Raahe : Studien über einen eckverschlossenen Platz und seine Gebäudetypen ; Henrik Lilius
Tor : tidskrift för arkeologi = journal of archaeology. Vol. 29, 1997
The archaeology of Sussex
Cultural heritage of the finno-ugrians and slavs : papers presented by the participants in the Soviet-Finnish Archaeological Symposium 10.-16. May 1990 in Tallinn
The Vrouw Maria Underwater project 2009–2012 final report
Archaeology : an introduction
Three conquests of Canaan : a comparative study of two egyptian military campaigns and Joshua 10-12 in the light of recent archaeological evidence
Huma-projektet = The Huma project. 2009
Aegean prehistoric archaeology
In search of kings and conquerors : Gertrude Bell and the archaeology of the Middle East
The seventh sinner
Archaeology : an illustrated introduction
Collins dictionary of archaeology
Journal of community archaeology & heritage
Archaeology, societies and environments in Africa : Proceedings of the XVI World Congress UISPP (Florianópolis, 4 - 10 September 2011)
The world atlas of archaeology
The urban mind : cultural and environmental dynamics
Developing Archaeological Database in Finland : case: Lahti City Museum
Caeculus : papers of Mediterranean archaeology
Cultural heritage cooperation in the Baltic Sea States. Report 5 / editor Helena Edgren ; co-editor and co-ordinator Marianne Lehtimäki
Archaeological theory : progress or posture?
Animals in an urban context : a zooarchaeological study of the medieval and post-medieval town of Turku
Collision or collaboration : archaeology encounters economic development
The archaeology of Ireland
The INA annual
The forgotten kingdom : the archaeology and history of Northern Israel
Urban and natural landscapes of an ancient Syrian capital : settlement and environment at Tell Mishrifeh/Qatna and in central-western Syria : proceedings of the international conference held in Udine 9-11 December 2004
Prehistoric England
Worlds Of Arthur : facts & fictions of the dark ages
Corridor talk to culture history : public anthropology and its consequences
Digging for Hitler : the Nazi archaeologists search for an Aryan past
An archaeological adventure in Cyprus : the Swedish Cyprus Expedition 1927-1931 : a story told with contemporary photographs and comments
The question of ancient Scandinavian cultic buildings : with particular reference to Old Norse hof
From polis to borders : demarcation of social and ritual space in the sanctuary of Poseidon at Kalaureia, Greece
An early archaeological site near Panuco, Vera Cruz
Local exchange and early state development in southwestern Iran
Old forgotten mummies from North and South
Lithics after stone age in East Africa : Wadh Lang'o case study
The Holocene development of the Pennala basin, Southern Finland, was studied using lithostratigraphical and biostratigraphical methods, shore level surveys and radiocarbon dating in the areas adjacent to the I Salpausselkä icemarginal formation. The study results give an improved picture of the shoreline displacement and palaeoenvironment of the Pennala basin during the period of 10000-2500 14C yr BP (ca. 11400-2600 cal yr BP).The results indicate that the Ancylus Lake stage in the Pennala basin occurred during the Preboreal and Early Boreal chronozones around 9600-8900 14C yr BP (ca. 10900-10000 cal yr BP). The transgression was followed by a long-term lake phase, which ended, due to overgrowth of the basin, at ca. 2900 14C yr BP (ca. 3000 cal yr BP). The highest Ancylus shoreline in the area is located at 71 m a.s.l. The altitude of the ancient Pennala Lake is located at 68.5 m a.s.l.The Pennala basin and adjacent areas were inhabited by Stone Age dwellers during the Middle Neolithic period. The dated evidence of the Early Mesolithic settlement in the area remains scarce. During the Early Mesolithic period the Pennala basin was a sheltered bay of the Ancylus Lake and during the Middle Neolithic period of settlement ca. 5500-3500 14C yr BP (ca. 6300-3800 cal yr BP) the basin served Neolithic dwellers as a small inland lake.
Papers in northern archaeology
Osteobiography of Vicar Rungius:analyses of the bones and tissues of the mummy of an early 17th-century Northern Finnish clergyman using radiology and
stable isotopes
The chemistry of the Vasa : iron, acids and degradation
The practical archaeologist : how we know what we know about the past
Prehistoric Scotland and its place in European civilisation
Prehistoric and Roman Wales
New Pauly online
The archaeology of early medieval Poland : discoveries--hypotheses--interpretations
Man's discovery of his past : literary landmarks in archaeology
Dictionary of concepts in archaeology
Sārnate : living by a coastal lake during the East Baltic Neolithic
"The New Pauly is intended as an aid for the study of Greek and Roman culture and its multifaceted presence in all periods of European and, since the Early Modern period, world history"
Archeologia o przeszłości Poznania i jego zaplecza : stan i potrzeby badań = Archaeological studies on the past of Poznań and its environs : the state of research and future perspective
Arkæologi og geofysiske sporingsmetoder = Archaeology and geophysical prospections
Revealing the Green Man : the restoration of the oldest religion on planet Earth
Understanding Neolithic Southern Levant : case studies of archaeological semiosis in action
Expansion of swidden cultivation in sub-Saharan Africa : a process in the ligth of two case studies
North Uist : its archaeology and topography
The bone labyrinth
Re-mapping the Field:  : New Approaches in Conflict Archaeology
Political Economy of Bronze- and Iron Age Societies in the Eastern Coast of the Bothnian Bay ca. 1500 BC-AD 1300
The Orpheus descent
One world archaeology
Sūkās. 8, The habitation quarters
Leave a light on : terracotta lamps from Agia Paraskevi of Arachamitai, from the classical period to Roman times
Human touch, natural processes: The development of the rural cultural landscape in southern Finland from past to present
Finding Arthur : the true origins of the once and future King
Journey to Britannia : from the heart of Rome to Hadrian's Wall, AD 130
Archaeological researches in retrospect
Recent discoveries in Chinese archaeology : 28 articles by Chinese archaeologists describing their excavations
Heritage in the digital era
The New Pauly is a standard reference work for students and scholars of the ancient world. It provides comprehensive coverage of the ancient world from the prehistory of the Aegean (2nd millennium BCE) to late antiquity (600-800 CE). A special section of the encyclopedia is devoted to the reception of the ancient world until the present day and the history of classical scholarship.
The archaeology of the lower Tapajâos Valley, Brazil
An introduction to archaeology
History unearthed : a survey of 18 archaeological sites throughout the world
Archaeology has an often contentious relationship with the consequences of economic development. Tourism, urban development and natural resource exploitation have generated adverse impact on the archaeological record, indigenous cultures and local communities worldwide. Over the decades, international conventions, national laws and corporate ventures have sought to address the problems, but too often they have fallen short and immense challenges remain. Looking ahead, the contributions to this volume constitute a global conversation on the most salient issue facing archaeology as it interacts with economic development: Is collision with development still the best course? Or, is a more effective strategy to pursue collaborative relationships with the forces of economic and social change?
Ireland in prehistory
The adventure of archaeology
The ark before Noah : decoding the story of the Flood
