http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12609 plant production
plant production
Potato research
The soil and health : a study of organic agriculture
Functional-structural plant modelling in crop production
Proceedings of Ist International Symposium on Sustainable Vegetable Production in Southeast Asia : Salatiga, Indonesia, March 14-17, 2011
Milk production from silage : comparison of grass, legume and maize silages and their mixtures
Save and grow : a policymaker's guide to sustainable intensification of smallholder crop production
Pesticide residues in food - 2004 : evaluations : joint meeting of the FAO Panel of Experts on Pesticide Residues in Food and the Environment and the WHO Core Assessment Group, Rome. Italy, 20-29 September 2004.. Part 2 = volume 2, Residues
OECD-FAO agricultural outlook
Organic crop breeding
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja = Lantbruksstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics. 2010.
New crops for food and industry
Principles of ecology in plant production
Optimal yield management
Weather and yield
Produce business
Use of algae and aquatic macrophytes as feed in small-scale aquaculture : a review
Changing climates, earth systems and society
Paludiculture - productive use of wet peatlands : climate protection - biodiversity - regional economic benefits
Grass and forage science
Weed and scrub control on organic grassland
Agroforestry today
Current plant science and biotechnology in agriculture
Efficient soil water use : the key to sustainable crop production in the dry areas of West Asia, and North and Sub-Saharan Africa : proceedings of the workshops organized by the Optimizing Soil Water Use Consortium, Niamey, Niger, April 26-30, 1998, Amman, Jordan, May 9-13, 1999
Crop science
Crop bulletin
The future control of food : a guide to international negotiations and rules on intellectual property, biodiversity and food security
Agricide : the hidden crisis that affects us all
Theoretical production ecology: reflections and prospects
Pesticide residues in food - 2003 : report of the Joint Meeting of the FAO Panel of Experts on Pesticide Residues in Food and the Environment and the WHO Core Assessment Group on Pesticide Residues, Geneva, Switzerland, 15-24 September 2003.
Protein crop production at the northern margin of farming : to boost or not to boost
Light and plant responses : a study of plant photophysiology and the natural environment
Seed production characters and germination performance of reed canary grass in Finland
Forages. Vol. 2, The science of grassland agriculture
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja = Lantbruksstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics. 2004.
Soil organic carbon accumulation and greenhouse gas emission reductions from conservation agriculture : a litterature review
Synthetic account of the second global plan of action for plant genetic resources for food and agriculture
The greenhouse effect and primary productivity in European agro-ecosystems : proceedings of the international workshop on primary productivity of European agriculture and the greenhouse effect, Wageningen, the Netherlands, 5-10 April 1990
Report on the state of the world's plant genetic resources for food and agriculture : prepared for the International Conference on Plant Genetic Resources Leipzig, Germany, 17-23 June 1996.
Journal of agronomy and crop science
Technical bulletin of Faculty of Agriculture
Weed occurrence in Finnish coastal regions : a survey of organically cropped spring cereals
The Kasetsart journal
CIGR handbook of agricultural engineering. Vol. 3, Plant production engineering
Journal of applied botany and food quality
Soil technology
Rice production in Uttar Pradesh : progress and suggestions for improvement
Catastrophic yield risks and the demand for crop insurance in Finland
A production model for wheat and feedgrains in France (1946-1961)
Proceedings of the International Workshop on Ornamental plants : Chiang Mai, Thailand, January 8-11, 2007
Proceedings of the VI International Symposium on Artichoke, Cardoon and Their Wild Relatives : Lorca, Spain, March 28-31
Swedish journal of agricultural research
Influence of soil physico-chemical characteristics on the success of growing the black truffle (Tuber melanosporum) in the Auvergne region in France
This technical paper presents a global review on the use of aquatic macrophytes as feed for farmed fish, with particular reference to their current and potential use by small-scale farmers. The review is organized under four major divisions of aquatic macrophytes: algae, floating macrophytes, submerged macrophytes and emergent macrophytes. Under floating macrophytes, Azolla, duckweeds and water hyacinths are discussed separately; the remaining floating macrophytes are grouped together and are reviewed as 'other floating macrophytes'. The review covers aspects concerned with the production and/or cultivation techniques and use of the macrophytes in their fresh and/or processed state as feed for farmed fish. Efficiency of feeding is evaluated by presenting data on growth, food conversion and digestibility of target fish species. Results of laboratory and field trials and on-farm utilization of macrophytes by farmed fish species are presented. The paper provides information on the different processing methods employed (including composting and fermentation) and results obtained to date with different species throughout the world with particular reference to Asia. Finally, it gives information on the proximate and chemical composition of most commonly occurring macrophytes, their classification and their geographical distribution and environmental requirements
Biogas production from energy crops and crop residues
Bayer CropScience journal
Energy efficient model for biogas production in farm scale
Brassica oilseeds : production and utilization
Performance and meat quality of Nordic Red and Aberdeen Angus bulls offered faba bean or field pea based whole crop legume-cereal silages
Proceedings of the 1st International Symposium on Genetic Modifications : Challenges and Opportunities for Horticulture in the World : Ski, Norway, September 16-20, 2007
The objective of this study was to determine the effects of silage plant species (faba bean and field pea based whole crop legume-cereals vs. grass) on performance and meat quality of growing Aberdeen Angus (AA) and Nordic Red (NR) bulls. A 2×3 factorial design was used. The experiment comprised 30 AA and 30 NR bulls. Both breeds were randomly allotted to the three feeding treatments. The compositions (g kg-1 dry matter) of diets were: 1) grass silage (650) plus rolled barley (350), 2) faba bean-wheat silage (650) plus rolled barley (350) and 3) pea-wheat silage (650) plus rolled barley (350). The experimental diets were offered as total mixed rations ad libitum. The AA bulls grew faster, had better feed conversion rates and superior dressing proportion and carcass conformation compared to the NR bulls. Replacing grass silage by whole crop legume-cereal silages in the diet did not have remarkable effects on animal performance, carcass characteristics or meat quality..
The effect of climatic variations on agriculture in Finland
Variation in temperature challenges crop production and animal farming. Elevated temperatures are often harmful, though may also open opportunities at high latitudes. Impacts depend on the vulnerability of the object, production system and their resilience to climatic variability. The station-wise temperature observations from the Finnish Meteorological Institute for a time period of 54 years (1961‒2014) were interpolated to a regular 10 km × 10 km grid covering the whole country. Several successive time slices were used to measure the likelihood for: 1) elevated temperatures of a) ≥1 °C above normal for three weeks, b) ≥2 °C above normal for two weeks and c) ≥3 °C above normal for one week, and 2) heatwaves with daily maximum temperature >25 °C for: a) 5 days (short) or b) 14 days (long episode). We also estimated the likelihood of warm winds in the early growing season which may enhance pest migration. We found large spatial and temporal variations in the likelihoods of elevated temperatures with many impacts on crop production, animal farming and welfare. In fact, only 1 °C temperature elevation may already be harmful, though in some cases also beneficial depending on region and vulnerability or adaptation of the object and production system. Though we show only some examples of the potential impacts of temperature variation on high latitude agro-ecosystems, these data are valuable as such for much wider applications in agriculture and beyond that.
Australian journal of soil research
Society's resources are scarce, and biosecurity actions need to be targeted and prioritised. Various models have been developed that prioritise and rank pests and diseases according to the risks they represent. A prioritisation model allows utilisation of scientific, ecological and economic information in decision-making related to biological hazards. This study discusses such models and the properties associated with them based on a review of 78 prioritisation studies. The scope of the models includes all aspects of biosecurity (human, animal and plant diseases, and invasive alien species), but with an emphasis on plant health. The geographical locations of the studies are primarily North America, Europe, Australia and New Zealand. Half of the studies were conducted during the past five years. The review finds that there generally seems to be several prioritisation models, especially in the case of invasive plants, but only a select few models are used extensively. Impacts are often accounted for in the model, but the extent and economic sophistication of their inclusion varies. Treatment of uncertainty and feasibility of control was lacking from many studies.
Local climate mapping with applications to agriculture
Mixed crop-livestock farming : a review of traditional technologies based on literature and field experiments
Economic aspects of development of agricultural alternatives to tobacco production and export marketing in Malawi
This book is arranged in 3 sections. The first section (Chapters 2-4) provides an introduction to the flower seed industry and identifies the users of flower seeds. These chapters provide a historical treatment of the industry and emphasize the challenges and opportunities for the ornamental and bedding plant and wildflower industries. The second section (Chapters 5-10) considers the science of flower seed production. Discussions focus on the establishment of successful breeding programmes by seed companies, factors controlling flower induction to obtain high-quality seeds and maximize yield, structure and anatomy of flower seeds, as well as the physiological events that govern seed germination, dormancy imposition and release, and seed deterioration. The third section (Chapters 11-17) discusses the technology of flower seeds. This includes chapters on cleaning, enhancements, germination, viability and vigour testing of flower seeds. Specific guidelines and information to accomplish these tasks are given. A chapter is also provided, describing the activities of the Ornamental Plant Germplasm Centre, the only governmental organization dedicated to conserving germplasm for the future genetic improvement of flower crops.
Plant growth modeling for resource management. Vol 1, Current models and methods
Second Global Plan of Action for Plant Genetic Resources for Food and Agriculture : adopted by the FAO Council, Rome, Italy, 29 November 2011.
Improving crop productivity in sustainable agriculture
Practical handbook of agricultural science
Outlook on agriculture
Plant breeding
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja = Lantbruksstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics. 2001.
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja = Lantbruksstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics. 2007.
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja = Lantbruksstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics. 2008.
Proceedings of the International CIPA Conference 2012 on Plasticulture for a Green Planet, Tel Aviv, Israel, May 15-17, 2012
Conservation agriculture and sustainable crop intensification in Karatu District, Tanzania
Conservation agriculture and sustainable crop intensification : a Zimbabwe case study
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja = Lantbruksstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics. 2000.
Plant cultivation : proceedings of IV Estonian-Finnish Seminar = IV Eesti-Soome taimekasvatuse seminari teadusettekanded : September 24, 1998, Saku, Estonia
Plant, soil and environment
Proceedings of the VIth International Strawberry Symposium : Volume 2 : Huelva, Spain, March 3-7, 2008
Climate change : observed impacts on planet Earth
FELDA : 21 years of land development
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja = Lantbruksstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics. 2006.
Water dynamics in plant production / Wilfried Ehlers and Michael Goss
Proceedings of the Vth International Symposium on Brassicas, and XVIth Crucifer Genetics Workshop
There is great temporal and spatial variation in precipitation in Finland. Both drought episodes and repeated, abundant rains may interfere with crop growth, yield and quality formation, and many agricultural operations (such as tillage, sowing, crop protection and harvesting). The windows for optimal operations are often narrow due to the short growing season and variable weather conditions. Field traffic at high soil moisture may e.g. cause soil compaction. Also, the high environmental footprint on agriculture under high latitude conditions is often attributable to fluctuations in precipitation. The station-wise precipitation observations from the Finnish Meteorological Institute for the time period of 54 years (1961‒2014) were interpolated to a regular 10 km × 10 km grid covering the whole country. Several successive time slices were used to calculate the likelihood of: 1) drought periods and 2) periods with repeated rains with above normal precipitation sum so that both of these lasted for at least a) two weeks or b) three weeks. We demonstrated substantial spatial and temporal variation in the likelihood of drought and repeated rains: drought episodes were common during the early half of the growing season, while again repeated rains with high accumulated precipitation (lasting for two weeks) became common in the latter part of the growing season. Though, we highlighted in this paper some examples of how these events may affect agriculture and their environmental impacts, the datasets published here may be applied for many other assessments.
Reed Canary Grass project : (Phalaris arundinacea) : development of a new crop production system based on delayed harvesting and a system for its combined processing to chemical pulp and bio fuel powder : contract no. AIR3-CT94-2465 : final report
Soil use and management
An international technical workshop, investing in sustainable crop intensification : the case for improving soil health, FAO, Rome: 22-24 July 2008.
Collaboration on genetic resources : summary proceedings of a workshop on germplasm exploration and evalution in India,14-15 November 1988, ICRISAT Center, India
The high rates of rumen fermentation, physical breakdown and passage rates from the rumen of legume silages lead to higher intakes than for grass silages of comparable digestibility. Although total tract digestibilities for legume silages and maize silages are often lower than for grass silages, milk yields are usually higher. A further benefit of legumes and maize is the reduced rate of decline in digestibility. Legume silages often lead to a reduction in milk fat concentration and increased levels of polyunsaturated fatty acids, 18:2 n-6 and 18:3 n-3. This latter effect is related to reduced rumen biohydrogenation as a consequence of increased rumen passage rates or the effects of polyphenol oxidase. There is quite a wide range of maturities (300 - 350 g kg-1 DM) that leads to maximum dry matter intakes and milk production from maize silage; milk production is reduced with immature or over-mature maize crops. Forage chop length exerts a number of effects, both in the silo and in the rumen, but effects on rumen function, feed intake and milk production have been inconsistent. The high protein content and high N degradability of most legume silages is associated with a low efficiency of converting dietary N into milk N, with a concomitant increase in urine N. Reducing N intake by inclusion of maize silage in mixtures with legume silages leads to a marked reduction in urine N without loss of production potential. It is predicted, on the basis of their chemical composition and rumen kinetics, that legume silages and maize silages would reduce methane production relative to grass silage, though in vivo measurements are lacking. Extensive fermentation in the silo reduces the amount of fermentable substrate, and reduced methane production in comparison with grass silage where fermentation had been restricted by high levels of acid additive.
Soil biology & biochemistry
Conservation agriculture and sustainable crop intensification in Lesotho
Proceedings of the International Workshop on Medicinal and Aromatic Plants : Chiang Mai, Thailand, January 15-18, 2007
Plant nutrition for food security : a guide for integrated nutrient management
Grassland renovation and weed control in Europe : a conference held at Graz, Austria, September 18-21, 1991.
Biomathematics and its applications in plant cultivation
Ecosystem services as a tool for production improvement in organic farming : the role and impact of biodiversity
Proceedings of the XVth Meeting of the Eucarpia Tomato Working Group : Bari, Italy, September 20-23. 2005
Promoting crop diversification in rice-based irrigation systems : proceedings of the Second Progress Review and Coordination workshop of the Research Network on Irrigation Management for Crop Diversification in Rice-Based Systems (IMCD) held in Yogyakarta, Indonesia from 9 to 12 September 1991
Biofuels, solar and wind as renewable energy systems : benefits and risks
Oilseed sector profile
Genetic purity of the common bean (Phaseolus vulgaris L. cv. ʻINTA ROJOʼ) during seed production in Nicaragua
Developments in plant and soil sciences
Non-wood plants as raw material for pulp and paper
Drought-resistant soils : optimization of soil moisture for sustainable plant production : proceedings of the electronic conference organized by the FAO Land and Water Development Division, 15 November-18 December 2004
Organic crop production : ambitions and limitations
Ecological foundation of sustainable crop production
Consumer selection of vegetarian food in restaurants
Potato variety handbook
Pasture rotation : system for the care and utilization of pastures
Agricultural water management
Herbal medicine production : breeding and cultivation of salicylates producing plants
Agricultural biotechnology and intellectual property : seeds of change
Agricultural systems : economics, technology and diversity
Report of the FAO-WARDA Workshop on Integrated Irrigation Aquaculture, Bamako, Mali, 4-7 November 2003 = Rapport de l'Atelier de la FAO-ADRAO sur l'intégration de l'irrigation et l'aquaculture, Bamako, Mali, 4-7 novembre 2003.
Glycinebetaine, a natural product of living organisms, gives a possibility to improve crop production
Seed world
Soil, crop, and water management for rainfed agriculture in the Sudano-Sahelian zone : proceedings of an International Workshop, 11-16 January 1987, ICRISAT Sahelian Center, Niamey, Niger
CO2 Capture and storage in energy production
Partners in research for development
Linking an EU emission reduction target beyond 20 % to energy security in Central and Eastern Europe
Sorghum
Pesticide residues in food - 2002 : evaluations : joint meeting of the FAO Panel of Experts on Pesticide Residues in Food and the Environment and the WHO Core Assessment Group, Rome, 16-25 September 2002.. Part 1, volume 1, Residues
Mathematical models in agriculture : quantitative methods for the plant, animal and ecological sciences
Biogas production from high-yielding energy crops in boreal conditions
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja = Lantbruksstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics. 2005.
Seed science research
Methane and hydrogen production from crop biomass through anaerobic digestion
Mushroom journal
Journal
Flower seeds : biology and technology
Plant communities of field boundaries in Finnish farmland
Journal of sustainable agriculture
Spatial and temporal variation in weather events critical for boreal agriculture: II Precipitation
A glossary of terms used in range management
FAO agricultural services bulletin
Journal of applied seed production
NJF Seminar 405 : Production and utilization of crops for energy, Vilnus, Lithuania 25-26 September 2007
7th International Oat Conference : proceedings
An international consultation on integrated crop-livestock systems for development : the way forward for sustainable production intensification
Hire services by farmers for farmers
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja = Lantbruksstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics. 2002.
Decision support system for agricultural land use and fertilisation optimisation : a case study on barley production in Estonia
Pesticide residues in food - 2005 : report of the Joint Meeting of the FAO Panel of Experts on Pesticide Residues in Food and the Environment and the WHO Core Assessment Group on Pesticide Residues, Geneva, Switzerland, 20-29 September 2005.
Crop yield response to water
Pesticide residues in food - 2003 : evaluations : joint meeting of the FAO Panel of Experts on Pesticide Residues in Food and the Environment and the WHO Core Assessment Group, Geneva, Switzerland, 15-24 September 2003.. Part 1, Residues
Calculations for agriculture and horticulture
Scale and complexity in plant systems research : gene-plant-crop relations
Enhancing methane production in a farm-scale biogas production system
Global changes in food demand resulting from population growth and more meat-intensive diets require an increase in global protein crop production, not least as climate change and increasing scarcity of fresh water could restrict future production. In contrast to many other regions, in Finland climate change could open new opportunities through enabling more diverse cropping systems. It is justified to re-enquire whether the extent and intensity of protein crop production are optimized, resources are used efficiently and sustainably, cropping systems are built to be resilient and whether ecological services that protein crops provide are utilized appropriately. This paper aims to analyze in a descriptive manner the biological grounds for sustainable intensification of protein crop production in Finland. Production security is considered by evaluating the effects of and likelihood for constraints typical for northern conditions, examining historical and recent crop failures and estimating ecosystem services that more extensive introduction of protein crops potentially provide for northern cropping systems now and in a changing climate. There is an evident potential to expand protein crop production sustainably to a couple of times its current area. In general, variability in protein yields tends to be higher for protein crops than spring cereals. Nevertheless, protein yield variability was not necessarily systematically higher for Finland, when compared with other European regions, as it was for cereals. Protein crops provide significant ecological services that further support their expanded production. By this means protein self-sufficiency remains unrealistic, but increased production of protein crops can be achieved. The expansion of rapeseed and legumes areas also seems to be economically feasible. From the economic viewpoint, an increase in domestic protein supply requires that farmers have economic incentives to a) cultivate protein-rich crops instead of cereals, and b) use them as animal feed instead of imported sources of protein. Environmental sustainability is an argument to justify economic support for protein-rich crops and thus increase their cultivation.
Proceedings of the International Symposium on Vegetable Production, Quality and Process Standardization in Chain : a Worldwide Perspective, Beijing, China, October 14-17, 2008
Climate impacts of peat fuel utilization chains : a critical review of the Finnish and Swedish life cycle assessments
Medium-run projections for greenhouse gas emissions arising from agriculture: the case of milk production in Estonia
Proceedings of the Ist World Congress on the use of Biostimulants in Agriculture : Strasbourg, France, November 26-29, 2012
Meeting the challenge : The International Potato Center's strategy for the 1990s and beyond
Reshaping American agriculture to meet its biofuel and biopolymer roles
Organic gardening
Principles of crop production : theory, techniques and technology
Advanced series in agricultural sciences
American journal of alternative agriculture
Agroforestry combined with water harvesting in the central zone of Chile : Soil properties and biomass production
Plant science : an introduction to world crops
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja = Lantbruksstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics. 2003.
Sustainable horticulture : today and tomorrow
Proceedings of the Third International Symposium on Cucurbits : Townsville, Australia, September, 11-17
Euphytica
Land-use and land-cover changes : impact on climate and air quality
Irrigation journal
Chilean journal of agricultural research
In order to respond to increasing global food demand and provide for national economic growth, the Estonian Dairy Strategy for 2012−2020 aims to achieve a 30% growth in milk production. At the same time, there is a global attempt to reduce greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions. This paper analyses the medium-term (2015−2020) projections for milk production and associated GHG emissions from dairy cows in Estonia. The FAPRI-GOLD type market model of Estonian agriculture, which is used for projections of agricultural production, was supplemented with a module that helps project GHG emissions. The paper demonstrates the endogenisation of GHG emission factors in a relatively general agricultural market model context. The results imply that increasing milk production by 30% by 2020 would jeopardise Estonia's commitments with regard to agricultural GHG emissions. However, the average GHG emission per tonne of produced milk will decline, thus reducing the “carbon footprint” of milk production.
Alternative crops for the prairies
Biomass gasification to heat, electricity and biofuels : HighBio project publication
Finnish Grain Quality in 2013.
Seed science and technology
Canadian journal of soil science
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja = Lantbruksstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics. 2009.
Australian journal of agricultural research
Underground crops : long-term trends in production of roots and tubers : with a note on the quality and interpretation of African data by Paul Dorosh
Proceedings of the VIth International Symposium on Brassicas and XVIIIth Crucifer Genetics Workshop
Canadian journal of plant science
Pesticide residues in food - 2004 : evaluations : joint meeting of the FAO Panel of Experts on Pesticide Residues in Food and the Environment and the WHO Core Assessment Group, Rome. Italy, 20-29 September 2004.. Part 1 = volume 1, Residues
A review of risk prioritisation schemes of pathogens, pests and weeds: principles and practices
International Treaty on Plant Genetic Resources for Food and Agriculture : a global treaty for food security and sustainable agriculture
Beretning fra Fællesudvalget for statens planteavls- og husdyrbrugsforsøg
Proceedings of the IInd All Africa Horticulture Congress : Skukuza, Kruger National Park, South Africa
Pesticide residues in food - 2004 : report of the Joint Meeting of the FAO Panel of Experts on Pesticide Residues in Food and the Environment and the WHO Core Assessment Group on Pesticide Residues, Rome, Italy, 20-29 September 2004.
Proceedings of the IVth International Conference Postharvest Unlimited 2011 : Leavenworth, Washington, USA, May 22-26, 2011
Dibble sticks, donkeys, and diesels : machines in crop production
Essays on socially optimal phosphorus policies in crop production
Scheduling farm operations: a simulation model
Spatial and temporal variation in weather events critical for boreal agriculture: I Elevated temperatures
Journal of production agriculture
Combinable alternative crops - their agronomy
Modeling plant and soil systems
Field crops research
Value from village processing
Developments in crop science
CRC handbook of plant science in agriculture. Vol. 2
Weeds : Journal of the Weed Society of America
Australian journal of experimental agriculture
Mechanization for Rural Development : a review of patterns and progress from around the world
Plant foods for human nutrition
Advances in agronomy
Soil & tillage research
Plant growth modeling for resource management. Vol. 2, Quantifying plant processes
Crop variety improvement and its effect on productivity : the impact of international agricultural research
