http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p126 Epicureanism
Epicureanism
The history of philosophy. [2], The Hellenistic and Roman age
Routledge history of philosophy. Vol. 2, From Aristotle to Augustine
On frank criticism
Stoics, Epicureans and Sceptics : an introduction to Hellenistic philosophy
The Cambridge companion to epicureanism
Happiness through tranquillity : the school of Epicurus
Teachers and texts in the ancient world : philosophers, Jews and Christians
The soul of sex : cultivating life as an act of love
Dante and Epicurus : a dualistic vision of secular and spiritual fulfilment
Atoms, pneuma, and tranquillity : Epicurean and Stoic themes in European thought
A full account of the philosophy of the Greek and Roman worlds from the last days of Aristotle (c.320 BC) until 100 BC. Hellenistic philosophy, for long relatively neglected and unappreciated, has over the last decade been the object of a considerable amount of scholarly attention. Now available in paperback, this 1999 volume is a general reference work which pulls the subject together and presents an overview. The History is organised by subject, rather than chronologically or by philosophical school, with sections on logic, epistemology, physics and metaphysics, ethics and politics. It has been written by specialists but is intended to be a source of reference for any student of ancient philosophy, for students of classical antiquity and for students of the philosophy of later periods. Greek and Latin are used sparingly and always translated in the main text.
The Epicurean tradition
Lucretius and modernity : Epicurean encounters across time and disciplines
Novelists, artists, and philosophers of the eighteenth century understood pleasure as a virtue - a gift to be shared with one's companion, with a reader, or with the public. In this daring new book, Thomas Kavanagh overturns the prevailing scholarly tradition that views eighteenth-century France primarily as the incubator of the Revolution. Instead, Kavanagh demonstrates how the art and literature of the era put the experience of pleasure at the center of the cultural agenda, leading to advances in both ethics and aesthetics.
The continuous and the discrete : ancient physical theories from a contemporary perspective
Epicurus and Democritean ethics : an archaeology of ataraxia
Moral Darwinism : how we became hedonists
Dynamic Reading examines the reception history of Epicureanism in the West, focusing in particular on the ways in which it has provided conceptual tools for defining how we read and respond to texts, art, and the world more generally.
Philodemus and the New Testament world
Epicurus in the Enlightenment
Atoms, pleasure, virtue : the philosophy of Epicurus
Epicurean ethics : katastematic hedonism
The dramatic account of Paul's encounter with philosophy : an analysis of Acts 17:16-34 with regard to contemporary philosophical debats
Moral codes and social structure in ancient Greece : a sociology of Greek ethics from Homer to the Epicureans and Stoics
The Cambridge history of hellenistic philosophy
Enlightened pleasures : eighteenth-century France and the new epicureanism
The Stoic and Epicurean philosophers : the complete extant writings of Epicurus, Epictetus, Lucretius, Marcus Aurelius
Paradosis and survival : three chapters in the history of Epicurean philosophy
Papers in Hellenistic philosophy
Dynamic reading : studies in the reception of Epicureanism
Epicurus' ethical theory : the pleasures of invulnerability
Epicurean meteorology : sources, method, scope and organization
Facing death : Epicurus and his critics
Epicureanism at the origins of modernity
Two studies in the greek atomists : study 1: indivisible magnitudes; study 2: Aristotle and Epicurus on voluntary action
The Lucretian renaissance : philology and the afterlife of tradition
The Epicurean philosophers
