http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12613 space ships
space ships
The Judge child
The starfarers quartet omnibus
The illustrated encyclopedia of space technology : a comprehensive history of space exploration
Rendezvous with Rama
Sardine in outer space. 01
Star Wars: Scoundrels
Cibola burn : book four of the Expanse
Peep inside this lift-the flap information book and explore the vast and wonderful universe. Drifting through the twinkling stars and visiting the moon, readers will feel like astronauts exploring the galaxy themselves.
Knights of Sidonia. 7
Something different
Knights of Sidonia. 4
A call to darkness
Eve : True stories
Proud Helios
Space record breakers
Crash landing
2001 : a space odyssey
The arrows of time
Handbook of model rocketry
The eternal flame
In this follow-up to the acclaimed military science fiction thriller The Cold Between, a young soldier finds herself caught in the crosshairs of a deadly conspiracy in deep space. Six weeks ago, Commander Elena Shaw and Captain Greg Foster were court-martialed for their role in an event Central Gov denies ever happened. Yet instead of a dishonorable discharge or time in a military prison, Shaw and Foster and are now back together on Galileo. As punishment, they’ve been assigned to patrol the nearly empty space of the Third Sector.  But their mundane mission quickly turns treacherous when the Galileo picks up a distress call: Exeter, a sister ship, is under attack from raiders. A PSI generation ship—the same one that recently broke off negotiations with Foster—is also in the sector and joins in the desperate battle that leaves ninety-seven of Exeter’s crew dead.  An investigation of the disaster points to sabotage. And Exeter is only the beginning. When the PSI ship and Galileo suffer their own “accidents,” it becomes clear that someone is willing to set off a war in the Third Sector to keep their secrets, and the clues point to the highest echelons of power . . . and deep into Shaw’s past.
Knights of Sidonia. 2
Star Trek countdown
All about space : amazing cosmic facts
Star Trek : the next generation. Season one
Chill
Things that go
A closed and common orbit
Spacecraft and the journey into space
Battle for Naboo
The great moon confusion
Halo. Fall of reach : Bootcamp
Ambassador of the shadows
The first moon landing
It's never too early to find out about... space
For the crew of the Keiko, their stay at the Grand House casino on New Samara was supposed to be a well-deserved rest. It didn't last. Captain Ichabod Drift promised that the side-trip to the mining planet Uragan would be a quick in and out - a data retrieval job then back to the tables. He was wrong. When the revolution comes, all you can do is choose a side and hope to get out alive.
The dream machines : an illustrated history of the spaceship in art, science and literature
Cosmic encounter
Five little men in a flying saucer
A new dawn for the galaxy is coming. Four of the major civilizations inhabiting the galaxy finally achieved interstellar travel, and are ready to establish their empires and dominance across the galaxy. Your civilization is among them! As a leader, you must make sure your rising empire is the dominant at the end! You will accomplish this by colonizing planetary systems and beautiful nebulae with your ships while establishing your domain.
Spawn of Mars and other stories
Spacecraft-environment interactions
Battlestar Galactica. Season three
Battlestar Galactica : Death of Apollo. Vol. 1
Advanced control of aircraft, spacecraft and rockets
Heaven and earth : civilian uses of near-earth space
Battlestar Galactica : Echoes of New Caprica
Battlestar Galactica : Season Zero. Vol 1
Star Trek : motion picture trilogy
Planes, rockets and other flying machines
Star Trek : enterprise. Season 1.
Look inside cross-sections space
Firefly : role-playing game. Core book
Space Song Rocket Ride
Starflight
Crash
Hive
Star Trek : The new adventures. Volume 2
The wrong side of the galaxy
Century 21 : classic comic strips from the worlds of Gerry Anderson. Menace from space
Destination moon
Shades of earth
Star Trek : Mission's end
Dead space
On the false earths
One man will transcend death to seek vengeance. One woman will transform herself to gain power. And no one will emerge unscathed.... Thorvald Spear wakes in a hospital to find he's been brought back from the dead. What's more, he died in a human vs. alien war that ended a century ago. Spear had been trapped on a world surrounded by hostile Prador forces, but Penny Royal, the AI inside the rescue ship sent to provide backup, turned rogue, annihilating friendly forces in a frenzy of destruction and killing Spear. One hundred years later the AI is still on the loose, and Spear vows for revenge at any cost. Isobel Satomi ran a successful crime syndicate, but after competitors attacked she needed power and protection. Negotiating with Penny Royal, she got more than she bargained for: Turning part-AI herself gave Isobel frightening power, but the upgrades hid a horrifying secret, and the dark AI triggered a transformation that has been turning her into something far from human.... Spear hires Isobel to track Penny Royal across worlds to its last known whereabouts. But he cheats her in the process and quickly finds himself in her crosshairs. As Isobel continues to evolve into a monstrous predator, it's clear her rage will eventually win out over reason. Will Spear finish his hunt before he himself becomes the hunted?
Rocket racers
Sardine in outer space. 6
Small star empires : a game of galactic colonization and domination
Space vehicles
Alone in a spartan black cockpit, test pilot Mike Melvill rocketed towards space. He had eighty seconds to exceed the speed of sound and begin the climb to a target no civilian pilot had ever reached. He might not make it back alive. If he did, he would make history as the world's first commercial astronaut. The spectacle defied reason, the result of a competition dreamed up by entrepreneur Peter Diamandis, whose vision for a new race to space required small teams to do what only the world's largest governments had done before...From the age of eight, when he watched Apollo 11 land on the Moon, Diamandis's singular goal was to get to space. When he realized NASA was winding down manned space flight, he set out on one of the great entrepreneurial adventure stories of our time. If the government wouldn't send him to space, he would create a private space flight industry himself. In the 1990s, this idea was the stuff of science fiction. Undaunted, Diamandis found inspiration in the golden age of aviation. He discovered that Charles Lindbergh made his transatlantic flight to win a 25,000 dollar prize. The flight made Lindbergh the most famous man on earth and galvanized the airline industry. Why, Diamandis thought, couldn't the same be done for space flight? The story of the bullet-shaped SpaceShipOne, and the other teams in the hunt for a 10 million dollar prize, is an extraordinary tale of making the impossible possible. In the end, as Diamandis dreamed, the result wasn't just a victory for one team; it was the foundation for a new industry.
Star Trek : the next generation. Season seven
Star Trek : the next generation. Season three
The forever watch
Mouse & dragon : a new Liaden universe novel
"In the early 2020s, two young, genius computer hackers, Elizabeth Santiago and David Schwartz, meet at MIT, where Schwartz is sneaking into classes, and have a brief affair. David is amoral and out for himself, and soon disappears. Elizabeth dreams of technology and space travel and takes a military job after graduating. Nearly ten years later, David is setting himself to become a billionaire by working in the shadows under a multiplicity of names for international thieves, and Elizabeth works in intelligence preventing international space piracy. With robotic mining in space becoming a lucrative part of Earth's economy, shipments from space are dropped down the gravity well into the oceans. David and Elizabeth fight for dominance of the computer systems controlling ore drop placement in international waters. If David can nudge a shipment 500 miles off its target, his employers can get there first and claim it legally in the open sea. Each one intuits that the other is their real competition but can't prove it. And when Elizabeth loses a major shipment, she leaves government employ to work for a private space company to find a better way to protect shipments. But international piracy has very high stakes and some very evil players. And both Elizabeth and David end up in a world of trouble." - Provided by publisher.
Those left behind
Star Wars : Lando
The way back home
Knights of Sidonia. 11
You know him...you love him...now, join him for his biggest caper as master of charm Lando Calrissian gets his very own book! Before he joined the rebellion, before he ran Cloud City, Lando made his way in the galaxy getting by on some swindles, some swagger, and a smile. Lobot at his side, Lando has a plan to steal a very valuable ship...but has he bitten off more than he can chew?
NASA Space Shuttle 1981 onwards (all models): Owners ́workshop manual. An insight into the design, construction and operation of the NASA Space Shuttle
Firefly : the game
Sardine in outer space. 2
The space shuttle : celebrating thirty years of NASA's first space plane
Knights of Sidonia. 6
Babar visits another planet
Hamlyn encyclopedia of space
Star Trek : The manga ultimate edition
Star Trek : the next generation. Season two
The Coming of the Space Age : Famous Accounts of Man's Probing of the Universe
The hydrogen sonata
Star realms : deckbuilding game
Dark matter. Volume one : Rebirth
Battlestar Galactica. Season two
The Usborne big book of rockets and spacecraft
Space Hulk : man versus alien in desperate battle
Battlestar Galactica, Season four
Knights of Sidonia. 1
Proceedings of the First European Conference on Space Debris Darmstadt, Germany 5-7 April 1993
Remnants of Trust
The ark
Ascension : a Tangled Axon novel
Roll for the galaxy : the Race for the galaxy dice game
Lost legacy : The starship
How to make a spaceship : a band of renegades, an epic race and the birth of private space flight
Across the universe
Solara Brooks needs a fresh start, someplace where nobody cares about the engine grease beneath her fingernails or the felony tattoos across her knuckles. The outer realm may be lawless, but it's not like the law has ever been on her side. Solara indentures herself in exchange for passage to the outer realm. She just wishes it could have been to anyone besides Doran Spaulding, the rich, pretty-boy quarterback who made her life miserable in school. Then Doran is framed for conspiracy on Earth, and Solara cons him into playing the role of her servant on board the Banshee, a ship manned by an eccentric crew with their own secrets. It's been a long time since Solara has believed in anyone, and Doran is the last person she expected to trust. But when the Banshee's dangerous enemies catch up with them, Solara and Doran must come together to protect the ship that has become their home-and the eccentric crew that feels like family.
Battlestar Galactica : The board game
Vulcan's glory
Star Trek : enterprise. Season 2.
The shooting star
In space
Knights of Sidonia. 10
International space station 1998-2011 (all stages) : owners' workshop manual : an insight into the history, development, collaboration, production and role of the permanently manned earth-orbiting complex
Knights of Sidonia. 5
Star trek VI : the undiscovered country : the feature film
Star trek : the original series. Season 2
The well of stars
Knights of Sidonia. 3
Star Trek : the next generation. Season six
Star Trek : the next generation. Season four
Dead space : extraction : Wii
Earth attack!
Port eternity
Mobile suit Gundam. The origin. I : Activation
Galaxy trucker
Commercial utilization of outer space : law and practice
Rebels :  The Conquered
Coming home
The race for God
Knights of Sidonia. 8
World's fair travelogues for the independent spirit presents Theatre of the gods
Shattered light
Serenity
Corsair : a science fiction novel
Rebels :  The Liberated
Star wars : star pilot
Dead space : Liberation
Chewbacca and the wookiee warriors
Star Trek : the next generation. Season five
Mind warp
Evening's empires
Star trek : the original series. Season 3
Shockrockets : we have ignition
Thorvald Spear, resurrected from his death over a hundred years earlier, continues to hunt Penny Royal, the rogue AI and dangerous war criminal on the run from Polity forces. Beyond the Graveyard, a lawless and deadly area in deep space, Spear follows the trail of several enemy Prador, the crab-like alien species with a violent history of conflict with humanity.  Sverl, a Prador genetically modified by Penny Royal and slowly becoming human, pursues Cvorn, a Prador harboring deep hatred for the Polity looking to use him and other hybrids to reignite the dormant war with mankind.  Blite, captain of a bounty hunting ship, hands over two prisoners and valuable memplants from Penny Royal to the Brockle, a dangerous forensics entity under strict confinement on a Polity spaceship that quickly takes a keen interest in the corrupted AI and its unclear motives.  Penny Royal meanwhile continues to pull all the strings in the background, keeping the Polity at bay and seizing control of an attack ship. It seeks Factory Station Room 101, a wartime manufacturing space station believed to be destroyed. What does it want with the factory? And will Spear find the rogue AI before it gets there?
Rebels :  The courageous
War Factory
Knights of Sidonia. 9
Space transport liability : national and international aspects
Cakes in space
The clockwork rocket
TV toys
