http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12663 zoos
zoos
The hippo with toothache : heart-warming stories of zoo and wild animals and the vets who care for them
The great zoo of China
The Development of Animal Welfare in Finland and How People Perceive Animal Welfare : Case Study: Animals in Tourism: Zoos
Penguin pandemonium : the rescue
Aidan Abet, teacher's pet
Late night at the zoo
Animal attractions : nature on display in American zoos
The pesky polar bear
Animals and the law : a sourcebook
Kangaroo at the zoo
Zoos and tourism : conservation, education, entertainment?
Midnight at the zoo
Exotic animal medicine for the veterinary technician
Dear zoo = [Thân gui vuòn bàch thú] : Vietnamese & English
Paddington at the Zoo
Zoo and wild animal medicine
Class two at the zoo
Kruger : portrait of a national park
Sloth slept on
Life of Pi
And Tango makes three
Skansen : buildings and animals : a short guide for visitors
One night in the zoo
The stationary ark
Zoos : a philosophical tour
Zoos of the World
Dear zoo = [Sevgili hayvanat bahçesi] : Turkish & English
The zoo
Social design in museums : the psychology of visitor studies : collected essays. Volume two
New worlds, new animals : from menagerie to zoological park in the nineteenth century
Sarah & Duck meet the penguins
Spy cat. Safari
Encyclopedia of the world's zoos
London Zoo and the Victorians, 1828-1859
Green care : a conceptual framework / editors: Joe Sempik, Rachel Hine, Deborah Wilcox
The cuddly koala
Where's walrus?
Animals for show and pleasure in ancient Rome
The zookeeper's wife
The complete textbook of animal health and welfare
Stop! : there's a snake in your suitcase!
Miss Child has gone wild!
Chicken mission : chaos in Cluckbridge
The Zoo rap
Zoology
The clan of the scorpion
Rita's Rhino
[I remember very vividly encountering a group of gorillas]
The puzzled penquin
Zoos and animal rights : the ethics of keeping animals
Life of Pi : a novel
Pride of Baghdad : inspired by a true story
The wild wolf pup
Animals in captivity
Zoo : a history of zoological gardens in the west
The abused werewolf rescue group
If I ran the zoo
How machines work
The storm leopards
Animals in human histories : the mirror of nature and culture
The sleepy snowy owl
Poo at the zoo
The buildings of London Zoo
The midnight zoo
Why do people go to zoos? Is the role of zoos to entertain or to educate? In this provocative book, the authors demonstrate that zoos tell us as much about humans as they do about animals and suggest that while animals may not need zoos, urban societies seem to. A new introduction takes note of dramatic changes in the perceived role of zoos that have occurred since the book's original publication.
Emys orbicularis in the Kaunas Zoo
The London Zoo
The Zookeeper
Zoo : the modern ark
Mr Peek and the misunderstanding at the zoo
The drought
Delilah Darling is at the zoo
The way to the zoo
Tune. Book 2 : Still life
The silky seal pup
Traps and specters
Wild about books
Proceedings [of] Joint Conference [of] American Association of Zoo Veterinarians, Wildlife Disease Association [and] American Association of Wildlife Veterinarians, East Lansing, Michigan, August 12 - 17, 1995
Penguin pandemonium : little birds, big dreams
The one and only Ivan
Please may I have some of yours?
Gracie Grabbit and the tiger
Goose goes to the zoo
The zookeeper's wife : a war story
Hand-rearing wild and domestic mammals
Monotremes and marsupials : a reference for zoological institutions
Ladybird stories for 4 year olds
Helsinki Zoo ideas competition 12.6.2008-31.10.2008 : evaluation report
Safeguarding cultural properties : security for museums, libraries, parks, and zoos
Bring 'em back alive
Good night, Gorilla
Miffy at the zoo
World of zoo : PC DVD-ROM
The lonely lion cub
