http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12659 busses (computing)
busses (computing)
Catching the process fieldbus : an introduction to PROFIBUS for process automation
User Interface of Raahe Museum
Abstract.
Multiplexed networks for embedded systems : CAN, LIN, flexray, safe-by-wire--
USB design by example : a practical guide to building I/O devices
Industrial communication networks : profiles. Part 3, Functional safety fieldbuses : general rules and profile definitions
Industrial communication networks : profile. Part 3-3, Functional safety fieldbuses
On-chip communication architectures : system on chip interconnect
Industrial communications are a multidimensional, occasionally confusing, mixture of fieldbuses, software packages, and media. The intent of this book is to make it all accessible.
The pneumatic trainer. Vol. 5, Fieldbus technology in pneumatics : information and instruction book about the basic of the fieldbus technology and the application in the pneumatics
Controller Area Network (CAN) for Vehicle Applications : an SAE professional development e-seminar : handbook & educational support materials
User interface of Raahe Museum
Industrial communication networks : profiles. Part 1, Fieldbus profiles
Automotive electrics, automotive electronics
Generic network interface for network-on-chip and its implementation for AMBA AHB on-chip bus standard
Industrial communication networks : profiles. Part 2, Additional fieldbus profiles for real-time networks based on ISO/IEC 8802-3
Automotive electrics and automotive electronics
Fieldbus and networking in process automation
Decentralization with PROFIBUS DP/DPV1 : architecture and fundamentals, configuration and use with SIMATIC S7
FDT : Field Device Tool
Proceedings : international seminar on the can bus in Vasa november 3 and 4, 1994.
Industrial communication networks : fieldbus specifications. Part 2, Physical layer specification and service definition = Réseaux de communication industriels : Spécifications des bus de terrain. Partie 2, Specification et définition des services de la couche physique
Computer architecture : from microprocessors to supercomputers
Fieldbuses for process control : engineering, operation and maintenance
Interfacing I2C bus with Nios embedded processor
Home Automation Using Touch Screen
Communication methods measurement and analysis on PDAs
