http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12678 prejudices
prejudices
A room with a view
Because I have a voice : queer politics in India
Race : science and politics
Few would dispute that we live in an unequal and unjust world, but what causes this inequality to persist? Leading social commentator and academic Danny Dorling claims in this timely book that in rich countries inequality is no longer caused by not having enough resources to share, but by unrecognised and unacknowledged beliefs which actually propagate it. Based on significant research across a range of fields, in Injustice Dorling argues that, as the five social evils identified by Beveridge at the dawn of the British welfare state are gradually being eradicated (ignorance, want, idleness, squalor and disease), they are being replaced by five new tenets of injustice, that: elitism is efficient; exclusion is necessary;prejudice is natural;greed is good and despair is inevitable. In an informal yet authoritative style, Dorling examines who is most harmed by these injustices and why, and what happens to those who most benefit. Hard-hitting and uncompromising in its call to action, this is essential reading for everyone concerned with social justice.
Research methods in social relations : with especial reference to prejudice. Part 2, Selected techniques
Cultural differences between Finnish and Russian businessmen during symposium Kuopio-Saint-Petersburg organized by the Kuopio Chamber of Commerce
Mr Wolf's pancakes
The honeymoon sisters
Images of the other in Finnish primary school geography books
Communicating racism : ethnic prejudice in thought and talk
On the nature of prejudice : fifty years after Allport
The anomalies
The dilemma of difference : a multidisciplinary view of stigma
Innovation and its enemies : why people resist new technologies
Competing eyes : visual encounters with alterity in Central and Eastern Europe
Flatland : a romance of many dimensions
Increasing multicultural understanding
Abstract.
The steep and thorny way
Race and ethnic conflict : contending views on prejudice, discrimination, and ethnoviolence
Man against myth
To Sir, with love
Wicked : the life and times of the wicked witch of the West : a novel
I am America (and so can you!)
Stigma and social welfare : an international comparative study
The images of the Japanese in the Western World
The stepmonster
Temptation
Peer prejudice and discrimination : evolutionary, cultural, and developmental dynamics
Pride and prejudice
Falling
Dynamics of prejudice : a psychological and sociological study of veterans
Dealing with differences : taking action on class, race, gender, and disability
Stereotype accuracy : toward appreciating group differences
The UK Economy and Immigrants : Work prospects of foreign nationals from 1980's to present day
Perceived threat and prejudice towards immigrants and Russian minorities living in Finland
Mode of communication and first impressions of personality
The sweetest spell
Oklahomo : lessons in unqueering America
Liza tries to put aside her feelings for Annie after the disaster at Foster Academy, but eventually she allows love to triumph over the ignorance of others.
HOW HAVE KOUVOLA CITIZENS’ ATTITUDES TOWARDS FOREIGNERS CHANGED FROM 2005 TO 2010
The two Jacks
The gravedigger's daughter
Race and culture
Rethinking prejudice
The social psychology of prejudice
Adrian and the tree of secrets
Stereotyping and social reality
If I was your girl
Abnormal : lectures at the Collège de France 1974-1975
The summer that melted everything
Communicating prejudice
More than four decades after the start of the gay liberation movement, lesbians and gay men can legally marry, adopt children, and enjoy the same rights and respect as heterosexuals... or can they? In Straight expectations, Julie Bindel tracks the changes in the gay community in the last 40 years and asks whetehr fighting for the right to marry has achieved genuine progress, or whether the new legal rights have neutered a once-radical social movement. - Drawing on extensive original research into changing attitudes towards sexuality, as well as interviews with scientists examining the 'gay gene', gay liberation pioneers, religious figures and key players of all political persuasions, Straight expectations asks: Is sexual orientation learned or latent? Do lesbians and gay men have anything in common? Have we now reached a stage where the 'only gay in the village' mentality no longer has any place in UK society? What can we learn from the battles being fought internationally?
Longbourn : a novel
The midwife of Hope River : a novel
Education and racism : a cross national inventory of positive effects of education on ethnic tolerance
The sight
Pride, prejudice and Jasmin Field
Deep diversity : overcoming us vs. them
Respect!
Little lord Fauntleroy
Stereotypes as explanations : the formation of meaningful beliefs about social groups
The girl of his dreams
The reluctant fundamentalist
Zoo city
Injustice : why social inequality persists
Research methods in social relations : with especial reference to prejudice. 2, Selected techniques
Small island
Social perception from individuals to groups
Stigma and sexual orientation : understanding prejudice against lesbians, gay men, and bisexuals
Prejudice : its social psychology
Sex, love & homophobia : lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender lives
Using psychology in the classroom
The Latino threat : constructing immigrants, citizens, and the nation
Amanda Hardy only wants to fit in at her new school, but she is keeping a big secret, so when she falls for Grant, guarded Amanda finds herself yearning to share with him everything about herself, including her previous life as Andrew.
Roll of thunder, hear my cry
Social contact and attitude change : a case of homeless men living in a dormitory
Homophobia : how we all pay the price
The anatomy of prejudices
Islamophobia and the politics of empire
The future of prejudice : psychoanalysis and the prevention of prejudice
Pemberley : or Pride and Prejudice continued
Generation dead
The truth about the Irish
New boy
Dimensions of prejudice : towards a political economy of bigotry
The raging quiet
Evaluating the effectiveness of a prejudice-reduction intervention based on the extended contact effect : the role of intergroup anxiety, intergroup threat, and perceived ingroup norms
Research methods in social relations : with especial reference to prejudice. Part 1, Basic processes
Stereotyping and prejudice : changing conceptions
Remarkable creatures
Sexism and stereotypes in modern society : the gender science of Janet Taylor Spence
Social psychology
The Goblin Emperor
Handbook of prejudice, stereotyping, and discrimination
The psychology of prejudice
One-sided arguments : a dialectical analysis of bias
Peaches for Monsieur Le Curé
Research methods in social relations : with especial reference to prejudice. 1, Basic processes
The midwife of Hope River
O benim annem = That's my mum
Images of savages : ancients [sic] roots of modern prejudice in Western culture
Edward, the very useful engine
Hate crimes revisited : America's war on those who are different
This volume focuses on social perception, the processing of information about people. This issue has always been central to social psychology, but this book brings together literatures that in large part have been separated by the nature of the social target that is involved. Historically, research on person perception developed quite independently from research involving perceptions of groups. Whereas the former research generally focused on the cognitive processes involved in forming impressions of individuals, research on group perception examined the content of stereotypes and the conditions under which they are used in social judgment. There was been little overlap in the theories and methods of these subfields, and different researchers were central in each. The chapters in this book highlight research and theorizing about social perception, exploring the processes involved in social perception from persons to groups. Some chapters describe work that was originally developed in person perception but is being extended to understanding groups. Other chapters illustrate how some processes studied in the domain of stereotyping also affect perceptions of individual persons. Finally, other chapters focus on variables that affect perceptions and judgments of both individuals and groups, proving opportunities for greater recognition of the common set of factors that are central to all types of social perception. This groundbreaking book highlights the research contributions of David L. Hamilton, whose research has played a central role in uniting these previously independent areas of research. It provides essential reading for upper-level courses on social cognition or social perception and could also serve as an auxiliary text in courses on interpersonal perception/relations and courses on stereotyping/intergroup relations. --Provided by publisher.
Abstract: Racist identity within youth groups : a case study in the city of Joensuu at the turn of the millenium
Kurbaga ve yabanci = Frog and the stranger
The art of happiness in a troubled world
Working together : succeeding in a multicultural organization
Wicked : the life and times of the wicked witch of the West
As the creators of numerous groundbreaking studies, Banaji and Greenwald show that prejudice and unconscious biases toward others are a fundamental part of the human psyche. This is an accessible and groundbreaking look at the science of prejudice, and how people can learn and grow.
In praise of prejudice : the necessity of preconceived ideas
Blindspot : hidden biases of good people
Harry Potter and the goblet of fire
"What if our interactions with those different from us are strongly influenced by things happening below the radar of awareness, hidden even from ourselves? Deep Diversity explores this question and argues that "us vs. them" is an unfortunate but normal part of the human experience due to reasons of both nature and nurture"-- Publisher description.
Prejudice and racism
The nature of prejudice
Children and social exclusion : morality, prejudice, and group identity
"A sixteen-year-old biracial girl in rural Oregon in the 1920s searches for the truth about her father's death while avoiding trouble from the Ku Klux Klan in this YA historical novel inspired by Shakespeare's 'Hamlet'"--
Stereotypes and prejudice : essential readings
Poppy's house has always had at least one little foster-brother or sister. But when her mum announces they'll be getting a new foster-child, she isn't expecting it to be Sadie Shaw. Sadie is hard as nails, cold as ice, tougher than a tiger - and she's the new girl in Poppy's class at school. They'd never be seen together in public. Now they're sharing a bathroom. Sadie and Poppy have a secret. They may not like each other, but their mums are sisters - who haven't even spoken for years. But now Sadie's mum's disappeared, her dad's in prison and Poppy's mum is treating her like a long-lost daughter. How can Mum fall for Sadie's sweet-as-honey act - when Poppy knows all too well what she's really like?
The jade king : history of a Chinese Muslim family
Black cats and April fools
Straight expectations : what does it mean to be gay today?
Inevitable Illusions : How Mistakes of Reason Rule Our Minds
Brown girl dreaming
Race relations
Dont put that in there! : and 69 other sex myths debunked
The memory illusion : remembering, forgetting, and the science of false memory
A continuum, not a divide : The relationship between representations of nonhuman animals and prejudice towards immigrants
The place of prejudice : a case for reasoning within the world
Ageism : stereotyping and prejudice against older persons
Go set a watchman
Us & them : what the Americans think of the British : what the British think of the Americans
The other side of Israel : my journey across the jewish-arab devide
Groups in contact : the psychology of desegregation
Prejudice : the target's perspective
Jump into the sky
Prejudices and farm economy : linguistic, ethnic and social boundaries
Miss Chicken and the hungry neighbour
