http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12607 octopuses
octopuses
Octopus : the ocean's intelligent invertebrate
A natural history of the octopus, featuring personal narratives, underwater research, and closeup photography that details mating and predatory behaviors, intelligence, and problem-solving abilities.
Rick Stein's seafood
Kraken : the curious, exciting, and slightly disturbing science of squid
Other minds : the octopus and the evolution of intelligent life
The shell in Vampyropoda (Cephalopoda) : morphology, functional role and evolution = Rakovina Vampyropoda (Cephalopoda) : morfologiâ, funkcionalʼnaâ rolʼ i èvolûciâ
Review of the state of world marine fishery resurces
Splatoon : Wii U
Peto : special extended edition
Monster of the deep
Selected English translations of publications on cephalopods by Kir N. Nesis. Vol. 2, Squid (biology and fishing)
Amazing animals ; ocean odyssey
Creatures of the deep : in search of the sea's "monsters" and the world they live in
"Peter Godfrey-Smith is a leading philosopher of science. He is also a scuba diver whose underwater videos of warring octopuses have attracted wide notice. In this book, he brings his parallel careers together to tell a bold new story of how nature became aware of itself. Mammals and birds are widely seen as the smartest creatures on earth. But one other branch of the tree of life has also sprouted surprising intelligence: the cephalopods, consisting of the squid, the cuttlefish, and above all the octopus. New research shows that these marvelous creatures display remarkable gifts. What does it mean that intelligence on earth has evolved not once but twice? And that the mind of the octopus is nonetheless so different from our own? Combining science and philosophy with firsthand accounts of his cephalopod encounters, Godfrey-Smith shows how primitive organisms bobbing in the ocean began sending signals to each other and how these early forms of communication gave rise to the advanced nervous systems that permit cephalopods to change colors and human beings to speak. By tracing the problem of consciousness back to its roots and comparing the human brain to its most alien and perhaps most remarkable animal relative, Godfrey-Smith's Other Minds sheds new light on one of our most abiding mysteries." -- Goodreads.com summary.
Nutritional and functional properties of squid and cuttlefish : 35th anniversary commemorative publication
Cephalopods : handling, processing and products
Seepioiden seurassa = Meet the cuttlefish
English translations of selected publications on cephalopods by Kir N. Nesis. Vol. 1, Selected translated publications, 1965-1994
Scream Sea : Elf Girl and Raven Boy
The kraken and the colossal octopus : in the wake of sea-monsters
Tentacles : lonkerot
Megashark vs. giant octopus
Swish fish : an entertaining guide to buying and cooking fish
Code of practice for fish and fishery products
Melissa's octopus and other unsuitable pets
Octopus's garden
