http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12692 direct advertising
direct advertising
Successful direct marketing methods
Marketing communications : an European perspective
The viral video manifesto : why everything you know is wrong and how to do what really works
Ultimate guide to direct marketing : how to deliver the right message to the right target for the best result
Marketing management : an Asian perspective
Strategies for implementing integrated marketing communications
Television is the new television : the unexpected triumph of old media in the digital age
Promotional strategy : managing the marketing communications process
Marketing of hospitality services : food, lodging, travel
Selling by mail : an entrepreneurial guide to direct marketing
Selling on the Internet : how to open an electronic storefront and have millions of customers come to you!
Promotion management & marketing communications
Integrated marketing communications : a primer
Mastering marketing : the complete MBA companion in marketing
Integrated marketing communications in advertising and promotion
Advertising research in the Nordic countries
Essential business tactics for the Web
Music promotion case study: planning the European tour 2009 for Iro Haarla Quintet
Permission marketing
Profitable direct marketing
This book shows you how to effectively apply proven direct marketing principles to the new world of Business-to-Business Internet marketing--today's fastest growing segment of online commerce. This practical yet forward-thinking blueprint for success is packed with examples and real-world advice. You'll learn--step-by-step--seven proven strategies for increasing profits by direct marketing to businesses over the Internet. This new Second Edition has been updated to include the very latest techniques backed up by case studies and example web sites. Included with the book is your personal password necessary for accessing the companion Web site which provides up-to-the-minute Internet marketing news, expanded information, and other helpful online marketing resources. This book/Web site combination is unbeatable!   Get your share of the multi-billion dollars in direct sales conducted online Increase your profits through better lead generation/qualification Avoid costly false starts and wasted time Learn from others who are succeeding online Stay current with the latest trends through the "members only" companion web site.
The fundamentals of creative advertising
Making direct mail work : get great results from all your direct mail
Marketing communications : interactivity, communities and content
Strategic integrated marketing communication : theory and practice
The ultimate marketing plan : find your hook, communicate your message, mark your mark
A quick start guide to mobile marketing : how to create a dynamic campaign and improve your competitive advantage
Response : the complete guide to profitable direct marketing
Different marketing channels used for marketing Finland as a tourism destination in Germany
Research of expansion strategy of Postal Direct Mail in Anhui Province, China
Guerrilla marketing and joint ventures : million dollar partnering strategies for growing any business in any economy
Driving school is a unique experience and evaluating the potential driving school might begin years before the actual selection. There are several factors that influence this process and the object of this thesis is to describe these factors and present ways to influence them. According to the thesis research, location has the most impact on this selection. Price and friends seemingly don̕ t have such a high power as previously hypothesized. But parents being the paying participant have an input of considerable amount. Driving school of Kaarina, being the oldest driving school in Kaarina generates, according to the research, such a high rate of customer loyalty that the few imperfections found in customer satisfaction research do not cause discrepancies. The overall customer satisfaction in the study case of driving school of Kaarina is good. Pupils perceive the education and teachers as trustworthy and competent. Customer satisfaction and behavior can be influenced in several ways; a good starting point is a survey, as without up-to-date information about customers̕ thoughts and problems, it is impossible to influence them. Among other ideas described in the thesis, a good solution is to take direct mail marketing to newspaper advertising̕ s side, as it is not as despicable as it used to be. By directing the letters to the correct possible customers and by phrasing the message right, a response rate of a hundred percent can be achieved.
Pierce the fog of mobile service and advertising adoption
Advertising strategy : creative tactics from the outside/in
How to market books : the essential guide to maximizing profit and exploiting all channels to market
Guerrilla marketing for dummies
Designing direct mails that sells
Marketing communications classics : an international collection of classic and contemporary papers
Principles of marketing
Building brands directly : creating business value from customer relationships
Advertising and society : controversies and consequences
Direct marketing : strategy/planning/execution
Foundation marketing
Marketing for tourism
Catalog design : the art of creating desire
How to create successful catalogs
This thesis introduces the project work of promoting a Finnish jazz band, Iro Haarla Quintet. The aim of the project was to create marketing material for the band, advertise it to jazz festival directors, and try to book the band as many concerts around Europe as possible for the year 2009. The main advertising media used to promote the band was chosen to be direct mail, using a band press kit format. Internet and a promo DVD were used as supporting media for effective mix of media. Theoretical background for the project consists of theory on advertisement management, media selection and planning, advantages and disadvantages of different media, advertising by direct mail and internet, and different aspects of advertising design. The empirical part first explains the background of the band and marketing efforts made by the band's manager prior to this project. Next, the chapter documents the steps taken in planning and executing the advertising campaign for the year 2009. The choice of media and design of the material is justified by applying the theoretical background to the made advertising choices. Finally, in the last chapter, the overall success of the project is evaluated and suggestions for executing similar projects in the future are made.
The mobile marketing handbook : a step-by-step guide to creating dynamic mobile marketing campaigns
Total e-mail marketing : maximizing your results from integrated e-marketing
Persuasive advertising : evidence-based principles
Contemporary advertising and integrated marketing communications
The Advertising Kit : a complete guide for small businesses
Business-to-business Internet marketing : five proven strategies for increasing profits through Internet direct marketing
D&AD09 : the best advertising and design in the world
Introduction to mobile advertising : how to setup, create and manage ads for mobile telephones
Profits through promotion
Direct selling methods : comparing reward systems and products
Introduction to Internet marketing
Design for response : creative direct marketing that works
1. Advertising and the marketing function. 2. Types of advertising. 3. The advertising agency. 4. Advertising media: above-the-line. 5. Advertising media: below-the-line. 6. Sales promotion. 7. Sponsorship. 8. Direct mail. 9. Direct response marketing. 10. Exhibitions. 11. Copywriting. 12. Layout and typography. 13. Printing processes. 14. Public relations. 15. Advertising on the Internet. 16. Corporate advertising. 17. Advertising research. 18. Law and ethics of advertising. 19. Planning and executing an advertising campaign.
Principle and application progress in location-based services
Principles of advertising : a global perspective
Baltic media book. 2000.
Consumer responsiveness to mobile marketing
Marketing on the Internet : marketing, selling, business resources on the Internet
Business-to-business Internet marketing
Includes a glossary of advertising terms.
Marketing communications : integrating offline and online with social media
Buzz : real-life lessons in word-of-mouth marketing
Direct response graphics : the best print and electronic direct mail marketings
Marketing for Dummies
Marketing for dummies
Internet marketing in hospitality
Do-it-yourself advertising and promotion : how to produce great ads, brochures, catalogs, direct mail, web sites, and more!
Mailing list strategies : a guide to direct mail success
Direct mail communications : a special issue of direct mail developing better communications
Contemporary advertising
Guerrilla marketing for consultants : breakthrough tactics for winning profitable clients
Promotion management and marketing communications
The complete idiot's guide to direct marketing
DM & announcement collection 2.
The best digital marketing campaigns in the world: mastering the art of customer engagement
Internet direct mail : the complete guide to successful e-mail marketing campaigns
Advertising on the Internet
Marketing communications : an integrated approach
Selecting a driving school : consumer behavior and satisfaction behind the selection - a case study of Kaarinan autokoulu
Advertising creative : strategy, copy, design
Direct marketing : a step-by-step guide to effective planning and targeting
All consumers are not created equal : the differential marketing strategy for brand loyalty and profits
