http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12782 forensic medicine
forensic medicine medical jurisprudence
Essentials of autopsy practice : recent advances, topics and developments
Legal medicine in history
Deleuze and law : forensic futures
Flesh and blood : a Kay Scarpetta thriller
The pathology of homicide : a vade mecum for pathologist, prosecutor and defense counsel. Vol. 1
Effects of ethanol and certain drugs on tolerance of cold and warm exposure : forensic considerations
Five days at Memorial : life and death in a storm-ravaged hospital
Current practice in forensic medicine
Forensic recovery of human remains : archaeological approaches
I, Pierre Rivière, having slaughtered my mother, my sister, and my brother ... : a case of Parricide in the 19th century
Studies in forensic phonetics
Forensic radiology
Forensic taphonomy : the postmortem fate of human remains
Forensic pathology
The mammoth book of new CSI
Cross bones
Flesh and blood
Expert evidence : interpreting science in the law
Forensic analysis on the cutting edge : new methods for trace evidence analysis
Making faces : using forensic and archaeological evidence
Computerized image analysis of panoramic tomograms
Finnish forensic expert team in Bosnia and Hercegovina
Mass grave investigations in Nepal
Handbook of forensic medicine
Naming Jack the Ripper : new crime scene evidence, a stunning forensic breakthrough, the killer revealed
Studies in crime : an introduction to forensic archaeology
Soil analysis in forensic taphonomy : chemical and biological effects of buried human remains
"Brogdon's Forensic Radiology demonstrates the application of radiology in cases involving identifying remains, evaluating causes of death, and establishing evidence. This second edition features new material on the large scale investigation of war crimes and human rights abuses; recent technological changes and the role of virtual autopsies; the use of sectional imaging for dental identification; reconstruction of gunshot injuries; new techniques for portable x-ray, computerized data recording, and image analysis post-processing; as well as increased coverage of applications in non-biological materials. Case studies feature tsunamis and the London bombings"--Provided by publisher.
Forensic applications of high performance liquid chromatography
Postmortem : how medical examiners explain suspicious deaths
Simulation in paternity analysis : an application of computer based numerical simulation to the fields of genetics and forensic medicine
The Scarpetta factor
Body of evidence
Sudden infant death : orthopantomographic findings
Forensic DNA typing protocols
International Forensic Odontology Symposium on Mass Disaster Victim Identification : Helsinki, Finland, September 20th to 22nd, 1989.
Forensic DNA biology : a laboratory manual
Advances in forensic human identification
Forensics : the anatomy of crime
Principles of forensic medicine and toxicology
Genetics and criminality : the potential misuse of scientific information in court
Medicine and the law in the Middle Ages
Medical-legal and forensic aspects of communication disorders, voice prints, and speaker profiling
Emerging international norms for clinical testing : good clinical trial practice
A collection of forensic DNA typing laboratory experiments designed for academic and training courses at the collegiate level.
Ethical practice in laboratory medicine and forensic pathology
Forensic uses of clinical assessment instruments
Death, dissection and the destitute
Murders and madness : medicine, law, and society in the Fin de Siècle
Forensic histopathology
Medical concepts and penal policy
Neuroscience in the courtroom : what every lawyer should know about the mind and the brain
Forensic medicine and death investigation in medieval England
Proceedings of TIAFT 2000 : TIAFT, the International Association of Forensic Toxicologists : 28th International Meeting, August 13-17, 2000 Helsinki
"Forensic Applications of High Performance Liquid Chromatography uses real-life examples likely to be found within a forensic science laboratory to explain HPLC from a forensic perspective." "The book presents key point summaries and questions to enhance learning and test comprehension, provides a complete glossary of terms, and includes references at the end of each chapter to facilitate further study. An invaluable guide for those in the early stages of their forensic analysis careers, this volume is also suitable as a textbook for university students studying analytical chemistry, applied chemistry, forensic chemistry, or other courses with an element of HPLC within the course curriculum."--
Neuropsychology in the courtroom : expert analysis of reports and testimony
This book presents the latest developments in the field of forensic pathology/forensic medicine, including important advances in forensic histopathology, forensic radiology, medical malpractice, understanding of child abuse, and forensic toxicology. Various forms of trauma are addressed in individual chapters, and among the other topics covered are traffic medicine, forensic alcohol toxicology, forensic DNA analysis, forensic osteology, and international regulations. The book includes a wealth of color illustrations and numerous tables presenting key facts. The authors are leading experts in general pathology, forensic radiology, and forensic toxicology. Forensic Pathology/Forensic Medicine: Fundamentals and Perspectives will be of interest not only to specialist pathologists and those working in forensic medicine, but also to coroners, forensic physicians, students, lawyers, attorneys, and policemen.
Nordic health law in a European context : welfare state perspectives on patients' rights and biomedicine
Summary.
"England has traditionally been understood as a latecomer to the use of forensic medicine in death investigation, lagging nearly two-hundred years behind other European authorities. Using the coroner's inquest as a lens, this book hopes to offer a fresh perspective on the process of death investigation in medieval England. The central premise of this book is that medical practitioners did participate in death investigation although not in every inquest, or even most, and not necessarily in those investigations where we today would deem their advice most pertinent. The medieval relationship with death and disease, in particular, shaped coroners' and their jurors' understanding of the inquest's medical needs and led them to conclusions that can only be understood in context of the medieval world's holistic approach to health and medicine. Moreover, while the English resisted Southern Europe's penchant for autopsies, at times their findings reveal a solid understanding of internal medicine. By studying cause of death in the coroners' reports, this study sheds new light on subjects such as abortion by assault, bubonic plague, cruentation, epilepsy, insanity, senescence, and unnatural death"--Provided by publisher.
Forensic science : modern methods of solving crime
The courts and the doctor
Insanity and the law : two nineteenth century classics
Totuuden anatomia = Body of proof. 2. tuotantokausi
Victorian CSI
Legal aspects of medical practice
Introduction to forensic sciences
Port Mortuary
Witnessing insanity : madness and  mad-doctors in the English court
Brogdon's forensic radiology
All that remains
10th Anniversary Seminar [of the] Finnish Forensic Odontology Association, October 18, 1997, Kuopio, Finland : [abstracts]
Dangerous and severe personality disorder : response and role of the psychiatric team
Drug addict deaths in the Nordic countries : a study based on medicolegally examined cases in the five Nordic countries in 1991.
Legislating death : socio-legal studies of the brain death controversy in Sweden
Chemical criminalistics
Surgeons at the Bailey : English forensic medicine to 1878
Point of origin
Law and medical ethics
The essentials of forensic medicine
Forensic neuropsychology : fundamentals and practice
Forensic DNA analysis
Flesh and blood : [a Kay Scarpetta thriller
John Lowery was declared dead in 1968--the victim of a Huey crash in Vietnam. Four decades later, Temperance Brennan is called to the scene of a drowning in Quebec. The victim appears to have died while in the midst of a bizarre sexual practice. The corpse is later identified as John Lowery. But how could Lowery have died twice? Taking the remains to JPAC in Hawaii for reanalysis, Tempe is joined by her colleague and ex-lover Detective Andrew Ryan (how "ex" is he?) and by her daughter, recovering from her own tragic loss. Soon another set of remains is located, with Lowery's dog tags tangled among them. Three bodies--all identified as Lowery / WorldCat.
Forensic pathology at meat inspection
Whispers of the dead
Modi's textbook of medical jurisprudence and toxicology
Differences in radiopacity between white restorative materials
Thrombomodulin and catecholamines as post-mortem indicators of hypothermia
Handbook of forensic anthropology and archaeology
Time of death : the true story of the search for death's stopwatch
Knight's forensic pathology
Medical legal dictionary
Bare bones
Blow fly
Red mist
Wild beasts & idle humours : the insanity defense from antiquity to the present
Clinical forensic medicine
The pathology of homicide : a vade mecum for pathologist, prosecutor and defense counsel. Vol. 2
Deadly decisions
Butterworths medico-legal encyclopedia
Forensic toxicology in Finland
Practical skills in forensic science
Forensic medicine : fundamentals and perspectives
Forensic medicine for lawyers
As forensic human identification receives increased global attention, practitioners, policy makers, and students need an appropriate resource that describes current methods and modalities that have shaped today's policies and protocols. A supplemental follow-up to Forensic Human Identification: An Introduction, Advances in Forensic Human Identification covers advances in the most well-known scientific techniques and discusses new and developing subjects and modalities of human identification. A collection of contributions from worldwide experts, the book embraces a broad.
Forensic medicine
Handbook of analytical separations. Vol. 2, forensic science
Forensic anthropology training manual
Molecules of murder : criminal molecules and classic cases
Interpretation of bloodstain evidence at crime scenes
The end of life : euthanasia and morality
Forensic medicine : clinical and pathological aspects
