http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12756 building tradition
building tradition
Following the failure of the Bar-Kokhba revolt in the second century, the majority of the Jewish population of Palestine migrated northward away from Jerusalem to join the communities of Jews in Galilee and the Golan Heights. Although rabbinic sources indicate that from the second century onward the demographic center of Jewish Palestine was in Galilee, archaeological evidence of Jewish communities is found in the southern part of the country as well. In The Ancient Synagogues of Southern Palestine, 300-800 C.E., Steve Werlin considers ten synagogues uncovered in southern Palestine. Through an in-depth analysis of the art, architecture, epigraphy, and stratigraphy, the author demonstrates how monumental, religious structures provide critical insight into the lives of those who were strangers among Christians and Muslims in their ancestral homeland.
Innovation in american architecture
Chinese walled cities 221 BC - AD 1644
The English terraced house
Temporary architecture now! = Temporäre Architektur heute! = L' architecture éphemère d'aujourd'hui!
Kemin historiaa etsimässä = In search of history of Kemi
Buildings, culture and environment : informing local and global practices
External lime coatings on traditional buildings
Frank Lloyd Wright. Vol. 2, Monograph 1902-1906
Architects and architecture on Tayside
Asia's dwellings : tradition, resilience, and change
The art of classical details : theory, design, and craftmanship
The city : its growth, its decay, its future
Indonesian houses. Vol. 1, Tradition and transformation in vernacular architecture
The world's greatest architecture : past and present
Zen spaces & neon places : reflection on Japanese architecture and urbanism
Novgorod : architectural monuments 11th-17th centuries
Plazas and barrios : heritage tourism and globalization in the Latin American centro histórico
Architectour
UN Studio : design models, architecture, urbanism, infrastructure
Architecture : a spotter's guide : ancient monuments to contemporary forms
Icelandic turf houses
New Japan architecture : Recent works by world's leading architects
Tracing places
Museum space : where architecture meets museology
The Royal Palace of Visegrád
Architecture of the 20th century
Tallinna arhitektuur = Arhitektura Tallina = The architecture of Tallinn
Problems of the protection and present-day usage of architectural monuments. ICOMOS International Colloquy. ESSR, Tallinn, June 4-7, 1985 = La défense des monuments historiques et les problèmes de leur emploi de nos jours = Problemy ohrany i sovremennogo ispol'zovanija pamjatnikov arhitektury
Citadels of mystery
Rebuilding the land of Israel
Architecture : the whole story
Storybook Helsinki and Beyond
Guidelines for evaluating and documenting historic aviation properties
The post-socialist city : continuity and change in urban space and imagery
Masada : the Yigael Yadin excavations 1963-1965 : final reports. 3, The buildings : stratigraphy and architecture
A dictionary of architecture
The world atlas of architecture
Renaissance architecture in Hungary
Limit state design for strengthening foundations of historic buildings using pretested drilled spiral piles with special reference to St. John’s Church in Tartu
Global architecture houses : Japan III
Inigo Jones & Christian IV : archaeological encounters in architecture
Inform : information for historic building owners
American dreamscape : the pursuit of happiness in postwar suburbia
Dwellings : the house across the world
New London architecture
Seoul then and now
Heck's Pictorial Archive of Art and Architecture
Architecture : key moments in : the evolution of the city
Our common metropol : an architectural policy for the Uusimaa and Itä-Uusimaa regions
How to Enter the Russian Construction Market : Business Strategies for Oy RVP Niemelä AB
Adventures in architecture
Zaonežje : muzei-zapovednik pod otkrytym nebom = Zaonezhye : museum of wooden architecture in the open air = Zaonégié : musée d'architecture en bois en plein air
Traditional buildings : a global survey of structural forms and cultural functions
Who built that ? : the at-a-glance guide to the world's greatest buildings and their famous architects
Building conservation philosophy
Spirit of nature : the old and the new culture of building with wood
Human scale in Finnish architecture = Humaner Maßstab in finnischer Architektur = Arquitectura Finlandesa a escala humana
Architectural principles in the age of humanism
Architecture
Architecture on the carpet : the curious tale of construction toys and the genesis of modern building
InterSAVE : International Survey of Architectural Values in the Environment
Chinese architecture and metaphor : Song culture in the Yingzao fashi building manual
Cultural Environment Strategy 2014–2020 : Government Resolution 20 March 2014.
Architecture source book
Antiquity & photography : early views of ancient Mediterranean sites
Nordic light : modern Scandinavian architecture
The Intimate Philosophy of Art
The castle of Diósgyőr
ARCHITECTURE SOURCE BOOK - A VISUAL REFERENCE TO BUILDINGS AROUND THE WORLD
How to read houses : a crash course in domestic architecture
"Museums are among the iconic buildings of the twenty-first century, as remarkable for their architectural diversity as for the variety of collections they display. But how does the architecture of museums affect our experience as visitors? This book proposes that by seeing space as common ground between architecture and museology, and so between the museum building and its display, we can illuminate the individuality of each museum and the distinctive experience it offers--for example, how some museums create a sense of personal exploration, while others are more intensely didactic, and how the visit in some cases is transformed into a spatial experience and in other cases into a more social event. The book starts with an overview of the history of museum buildings and display strategies, and a discussion of theoretical and critical approaches. It then focuses on specific museums as in-depth case studies, and uses methods of spatial analysis to look at the key design choices available to architects and curators, and their effects on visitors' behaviour. Theoretically grounded, methodologically original, and richly illustrated, this book will equip students, researchers and professionals in the fields of architecture, museum studies, curating, exhibition design, and cultural studies, with a guide for studying museums and a theoretical framework for their interpretation"--Provided by publisher.
Living in Thailand
Conversion of traditional buildings : application of the Scottish building standards. Part 1, Principles and Practice
Historical monuments in Hungary : restoration and preservation
Architecture of Chinese ethnic minority groups
The nave sculpture of Vézelay : the art of monastic viewing
Victorian and Edwardian theatres
Changing Chinese cities : the potentials of field urbanism
Will Alsop 1990-2000
The art of Japanese architecture
Siena : constructing the Renaissance city
Ancient Synagogues of Southern Palestine, 300-800 C.E. : living on the edge
Islamic architecture in Cairo : an introduction
This book celebrates established icons, newly discovered gems and contemporary masterworks that represent the highest expression of Scandinavian design and response to their environment. Fifty projects are featured in detail, ordered according to the way in which different light conditions have imparted particular qualities on the buildings. Henry Plummer treats his subject from a uniquely authoritative perspective in which his words resonate directly with his artfully taken images. Books that give a true sense of the magical light that have shaped great buildings are rare: this is a publication to savour.
History of world architecture. Ancient architecture : Mesopotamia, Eqypt, Crete, Greece
Stairs : architectural details
Pornotopia : an essay on Playboy's architecture and biopolitics
From ancient and classical masterpieces to contemporary, cutting-edge buildings, architecture has defined our world throughout history. Drawing its examples from all around the globe, this book is a richly illustrated and comprehensive account of the architects, plans, designs and constructions that over the centuries have most engaged our minds, inspired our imaginations and raised our spirits. For everyone who has ever wished for greater insight into the art of building design, this book provides the analytical tools to appreciate to the fullest the variety of architectural achievement and the built environment in the world.
Icherisheher = yesterday and today
Structure and meaning in human settlements
Modern architecture : M-Z
Magic stones : the secret world of ancient megaliths
America's Williamsburg
Architecture of oblivion : ruins and historical consciousness in modern Russia
Just enough : lessons in living green from traditional Japan
Background - religious buildings
The prodigious builders : notes toward a natural history of architecture with special regard to those species that are traditionally neglected or downright ignored
The Phaidon atlas of contemporary world architecture
The complete guide to architecture in Stockholm
Saving old buildings
Suomalainen arkkitehtuuri 1900-luvulla = Finnish architecture in the 20th century
Chinese architecture : palaces, gardens, temples and dwellings
Can we learn from the heritage lost in a fire : experiences and practises on the fire protection of historic buildings in Finland, Norway and Sweden
Buildings that changed the world
Frank Lloyd Wright. Vol. 4, Monograph 1914-1923
Frank Lloyd Wright. Vol. 8, Monograph 1951-1959
Recording historic buildings : a descriptive specification
Encyclopedia of vernacular architecture of the world
Conversion of traditional buildings : application of the Scottish building standards. Part 2, Application
Monumentality and the Roman Empire : architecture in the Antonine age
The Illustrated atlas of the world's great buildings : A History of wolrd architecture from the classical perfection of the Parthenon to the Breathtaking grandeur of the skyscraper
Emlékek az Árpád-korból = Memories of the age of Árpád = Erinnerungen aus der Árpádenzeit
Story of modern architecture of the 20th century
Improving Performance of Construction Projects
in the UAE:multi cultural and decent work perspectives
Will Alsop : book 1
Australia's iron lace
Protection of historical monuments in Poland
Frank Lloyd Wright. Vol 3, Monograph 1907-1913
New York : 24 walking tours
The emerald city and other essays on the architectural imagination
The Principles of architecture : styles, structure and design
Architecture : the groundbreaking moments
Sustainable design for interior environments
Another modernism? : form, content and meaning of the new housing architecture of Hanoi
Architecture of Soviet Lithuania : socio-cultural implications
Bridges : the science and art of the world's most inspiring structures
Bridges touch all our lives - every day we are likely to cross a bridge, or go under one. How many of us stop to consider how the bridge stands up and what sort of people designed and built something so strong? Bridge building is a magnificent example of the practical and every day use of science. However, the story of bridges goes beyond science and technology, and involves issues relating to artistic and cultural development. After all, bridges are built by people, for people. Bridges can be icons for whole cities; just consider New York's Brooklyn Bridge, London's Tower Bridge, and Sydney's Harbour Bridge. The author explains how to read a bridge in all its different forms, designs and constructions. He combines the engineering of how bridges work with the cultural, aesthetic, and historical importance they hold.
Historic preservation : an introduction to its history, principles, and practice
Architecture for beginners
Pictorial encyclopedia of historic architectural plans, details and elements : with 1,880 line drawings of arches, domes, doorways, facades, gables, windows, etc
Tsarskoye selo : the Imperial summer residence
World architecture : an illustrated history
An age of barns
Lanna vernacular architecture
New York in photographs
Frank Lloyd Wright. Vol. 5, Monograph 1924-1936
Improving performance of construction projects in the UAE : multi cultural and decent work perspectives
The Church at Lohja: Die Kirche zu Lohja
Measurement and recording of historic buildings
Colonial Williamsburg : official guidebook
Frank Lloyd Wright. Vol. 7, Monograph 1942-1950
