http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12741 written expression
written expression
Vox pop : learn to express your opinions in English
The poetry home repair manual : practical advice for beginning poets
The writing classroom : aspects of writing and the primary child 3-1
Writing skills for public relations : style and technique for mainstream and social media
My enduring relationship with words
Writing with a purpose
Keyboard and screen or pen and paper? : Complexity and accuracy in weblog posts and pen and paper essays of upper secondary school ELF students
Epilogue : interfaces in scholarly writing
A straightforward guide to writing good plain English : improve your written English
The complete guide to medical writing
Finnish summary.
Second language development in writing : measures of fluency, accuracy and complexity
The reluctant essay writer's survival guide
Voice, genre, and intentionality : an integrated methods study of voice criteria in the evaluation of secondary students̕ writing
Picturebooks : representation and narration
The art of writing fiction
Persuasive direct marketing : here's what you say and how you write it!
Cutting edge. Advanced
An artist's text book
The mirror and the lamp : romantic theory and the critical tradition
The elements of eloquence : how to turn the perfect English phrase
How to : write better copy
Linguistic differences in female and male discourse : observations on the language of women's and men's magazines
The sense of style : the thinking person's guide to writing in the 21st century
Writing refound
Rewriting loss : melancholia, ethics, and aesthetics in selected works by Chuang Hua, Maxine Hong Kingston, and Fae Myenne Ng
Some reflections on metaphor, ambiguity and literal tradition
Clockwise : class audio CDs. Advanced
The art of creative nonfiction : writing and selling the literature of reality
Story line : finding gold in your life story
How to write and sell short stories
Rethinking writing
Poetry workshop for middle school : activities that inspire meaningful language learning
Writing as bodily experience
The unity of content and form in philosophical writing : the perils of conformity
Elmore Leonard's 10 rules of writing
A Said dictionary
Standing by words : essays
Writing to develop mathematical understanding
"At your convenience" : politeness strategies in quotation letters written by non-native and native speakers of English
Aspects of functional sentence perspective in contemporary English news and academic prose
Writing as movement
AMA manual of style : a guide for authors and editors
"Who are the people most qualified to teach writing? Surely it is the authors whose work has endured for decades, or even a century or more? Full to the brim with tips, quotes and examples from today's most famous writers, Your Creative Writing Masterclass shows all aspiring writers how to overcome fear, get past excuses, and start writing. It offers practical advice from the likes of Graham Greene, Murakami, Raymond Chandler, Dickens and Shakespeare on developing your niche, your writing style and your creativity. More than just a 'how-to' book, Your Creative Writing Masterclass is a friendly companion and coach, providing all the strategies needed to become a full-time writer and build a successful writing career. Using exercises, quotes and encouragement, Jurgen Wolff - with a little help from his friends - shows you how to hook readers and keep them engaged and offers powerful tips on how to stay motivated and transform your inner critic into a constructive guide to get past the dreaded writer's block."--Publisher's description.
Written language and psychological development
The great war in Italy : representation and interpretation
Crosslinguistic influence on prepositions in L2 English : a comparison of Russian and Finnish learners' written production
Writing is one of the central pillars of language learning and of major interest and concern to teachers, students and researchers. This book covers the historical and conceptual background to the field of writing, dealing with current questions relating to both practice and research, and outlines the direction in which the field is moving. In addition to a full discussion of the current applications of research in terms of courses, materials, teaching practices and software, Teaching and Researching: Writing offers practical suggestions for teaching approaches. The practical nature of the volume also extends to research projects with a dedicated chapter setting out a number of do-able, small scale research topics. A number of resources, and learning aids are included: - chapter reviews and overviews - key texts listings after each section - discussions of case studies - compendium of paper and online resources - list of major associations and conferences - glossary of key terms - list of references. The combination of teaching and research analysis and practical information makes this an invaluable resource for practitioners, researchers, students and professionals engaged in language study and teaching.
Writing myself into existence
Writing with photographs
Is there a book in you?
Thresholds of interpretation : crossing the boundaries in literary criticism
Elevens tekst : et utgangspunkt for skriveopplæring
Professional writing
Literacy practices : investigating literacy in social contexts
Revolution in poetic consciousness : an existential reading of mid-twentieth-century British woman's poetry. Vol. 3, Poetic consciousness and lyrical expression : the ethos of fantasy : the ethos of anonymity
The importance of cross-linguistic similarities : mastering prepositions in Finland-Swedish English learners' free production at upper secondary school
On a searcher's path
Writing and personality  : finding your voice, your style, your way
No plot? No problem! : a low-stress, high-velocity guide to writing a novel in 30 days
Silence of the forest : essays on creativity and art
The development of syntactic complexity in the written English of Finnish 9th grade students
$30 writing school
Stein on writing : a master editor of some of the most successful writers of our century shares his craft techniques and strategies
Analogical models in student writing : problems of mismatch in the acquisition of writing skills
Imaginary dialogues in American literature and philosophy : beyond the mainstream
Write the perfect book proposal : 10 that sold and why
Thesis and dissertation writing in a second language : a handbook for supervisors
Effective technical writing and publication techniques : a guide for technical writers, engineers and technical communicators
Writing down the bones
How to write great dialogue in fiction
Language and style
The effect of planning time on written L2 performance : accuracy and syntactic complexity
Writing subtext : what lies beneath
The dummy
A longitudinal study on the lexical sophistication and sentence length in Finnish upper secondary school student's English compositions
Your creative writing masterclass : advice from the best on writing successful novels, screenplays and short stories
Working words : creative reading, writing and teaching
The complete handbook of novel writing : everything you need to know about creating & selling your work
Stuff and nonsense
Accuracy and syntactic complexity in L2 writing of Finnish university students of English
Teaching and researching writing
The Routledge creative writing coursebook
Written language : papers from the Annual meeting of the British association for applied linguistics, held at the University of Reading, Sept. 1986
How to be a writer : the definitive guide to getting published and making a living from writing
Paper machine
Guidelines for developing instructions
On writing well : the classic guide to writing nonfiction
The pyramid principle : logic in writing and thinking
The founder of National Novel Writing Month (NaNoWriMo), which is conducted each fall, reveals the secrets writing a complete novel in only 30 days. This handbook is the ultimate guide for would-be writers (or those with writer's block) to cultivate their creative selves. Chris Baty, motivator extraordinaire and instigator of a wildly successful writing revolution, spells out the secrets of writing and finishing a novel. Every fall, thousands of people sign up for National Novel Writing Month (NaNoWriMo), which Baty founded, determined to (a) write that novel or (b) finish that novel in 30 days. Now Baty puts pen to paper himself to share the secrets of success. With week-specific overviews, pep talks, and essential survival tips for today's word warriors, this results-oriented, quick-fix strategy is perfect for people who want to nurture their inner artist and then hit print! Anecdotes and success stories from NaNoWriMo winners will inspire writers from the heralding you-can-do-it trumpet blasts of day one to the champagne toasts of day thirty. Whether it's a resource for those taking part in the official NaNo WriMo event, or a stand-alone handbook for writing to come, No Plot? No Problem! is the ultimate guide for would-be writers (or those with writer's block) to cultivate their creative selves.
Language Transfer in the Written English of Finnish Students
Theory and methods on text summarization
Writing with imagination : a practical guide
Written language revisited
Literacy : an introduction to the ecology of written language
Inscription and erasure : literature and written culture from the eleventh to the eighteenth century
The elements of style
Professional feature writing
Wannabe a writer
The creative writer's style guide : rules and advice for writing fiction and creative nonfiction
Writing with an attitude : appraisal and student texts in the school subject od Swedish
How to write your best story ever!
Technical writing 101 : a real-world guide to planning and writing technical content
Thinking like your editor : how to write great serious nonfiction - and get it published
Writing down the bones : freeing the writer within
Creative writing for dummies
365 ways to get you writing : daily inspiration and advice for creative writers
From chatter to saying something
How to learn to write?
One Day in the Life of the English Language : a Microcosmic Usage Handbook
" A short and entertaining book on the modern art of writing well by New York Times bestselling author Steven Pinker Why is so much writing so bad, and how can we make it better? Is the English language being corrupted by texting and social media? Do the kids today even care about good writing? Why should any of us care? In The Sense of Style, the bestselling linguist and cognitive scientist Steven Pinker answers these questions and more. Rethinking the usage guide for the 21st century, Pinker doesn't carp about the decline of language or recycle pet peeves from the rulebooks of a century ago. Instead, he applies insights from the sciences of language and mind to the challenge of crafting clear, coherent, and stylish prose. In this short, cheerful, and eminently practical book, Pinker shows how writing depends on imagination, empathy, coherence, grammatical knowhow,and an ability to savor and reverse-engineer the good prose of others. He replaces dogma about usage with reason and evidence, allowing writers and editors to apply the guidelines judiciously, rather than robotically, being mindful of what they are designed to accomplish. Filled with examples of great and gruesome prose, Pinker shows us how the art of writing can be a form of pleasurable mastery and a fascinating intellectual topic in its own right"--
