http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1272 persons
persons
Who's who in the world 1982-1983 : Marquis Who's Who
Who's who in Scandinavia
Membership directory 2004.
Who's who in the world® 2009.
A companion to Bonaventure
Revealing the love, heartbreak, and reality behind reality television, a former "Bachelor" contestant who quickly became the biggest villain in the history of the show, dishes on her fellow contestants and what really happened on and off the cameras.
The complete Christie : an Agatha Christie encyclopedia
Weaving Balzac's web : spinning tales and creating the whole of La comédie humaine
Current biography yearbook. 2000
Current biography yearbook. 2003
The snowball : Warren Buffett and the business of life
The telling room : a story of love, betrayal, revenge, and the world's greatest piece of cheese
The fame game
Jesus : an unconventional biography
"When you need to source accurate information on the past history, achievements and current activities of leading world figures, from heads of state to sporting greats, Europa'sThe International Who's Who 2017 provides the answer. Published annually since 1935 The International Who's Who is your source for hard-to-find biographical details on over 25,000 of the world's most prominent and influential personalities. Featured personalities are regularly given the opportunity to update their entry, providing new information on education, artistic achievements, leisure interests, awards, contact details and much more. Also available online at www.worldwhoswho.com, featuring thousands of click-through web links and email addresses, and advanced search functions enabling users to search by name, nationality, place and date of birth and by profession." / WorldCat.
A hard day's night : the aftermath of psychological trauma in Grey's Anatomy
Sharon Tate and the Manson murders
The world of ice & fire : the untold history of Westeros and the Game of Thrones
Brand aid : shopping well to save the world
J. D. Bernal : the sage of science
Amy Vanderbilt's complete cookbook
Union citizenship and free movement: who is who?
Chibi and Furry characters
Death of a celebrity
Take six girls : the lives of the Mitford sisters
Introducing the Bible
The art of Wallace & Gromit
Behind closed doors
Dear me : a letter to my sixteen-year-old self
1001 amazing facts about the best bands : unofficial & unauthorised. Volume 1.
The Agatha Christie whos's who
The missionary pioneer : or a brief memoir of the life, labors and death of John Stewart, (man of colour) founder, under God
Almost famous women : stories
Characters in young adult literature
Never saw it coming
Class photo
Lexicon of Jewish names in late antiquity. Part 4, The eastern diaspora 330 BCE - 650 CE
2 a.m. at the Cat's Pajamas : a novel
The global politics of celebrity humanitarianism
Why ask my name? : anonymity and identity in biblical narrative
The World's great men of music
Women and children first : they survived the Titanic, but their lives were changed forever..
Images of America : a panorama of history in photographs
New species : contemporary character design made in Asia
A dazzling new collection that explores the lives of unforgettable women in history, defined by their creative impulses, fierce independence, and sometimes reckless decisions.
The heart of everything that is : the untold story of Red Cloud, an American legend
Alvar Aalto : What & When
Current biography yearbook. 2004
Ambition
"Richard Branson, who has been called "England's most outrageous billionaire," is also one of the world's most successful business leaders. Since the age of 16, when he founded Student magazine, Branson has been creating companies and finding innovative ways to grow them into the prodigious conglomerate known as the Virgin Group. At the age of 20, Branson founded a mail-order record retailer. Two years later he built a recording studio where the first artist signed to his Virgin label, Mike Oldfield, recorded the haunting soundtrack to The Exorcist. Decades later, industries as varied as entertainment (Virgin Music), retail (Virgin Megastores), transportation (Virgin Airlines), and telecommunications (Virgin Mobile) all bear Branson's business moniker. For the first time, the most thought-provoking, revealing, and inspiring quotes from Branson are compiled in a single book.  Virgin Rebel: Richard Branson in His Own Words is a comprehensive guidebook to the inner workings of the Virgin Group chairman and founder. Hundreds of Branson's best quotes, comprising thoughts on business, music, entrepreneurship, politics, exploration, and life lessons, provide an intimate and direct look into the mind of this modern business icon. "--
The Bible : the epic miniseries
Celebrity practice in networked media : a case study of Lady Gaga and Twitter
The rhetoric of character in children's literature
RAAMATTU. ABRAHAM: MATKA LUVATTUUN MAAHAN
Tabloid magazines, television shows, and Internet sites inundate us with daily updates about movie stars, musicians, athletes, and even those who have achieved celebrity status simply for being rich and extravagant. Disturbingly, it appears that the harder our celebrities fall, the more fascinating they are to us. As popular culture becomes more influential, it is important to understand both the positive and negative aspects of celebrity. This volume traces the development of the concept of celebrity, discusses some of the problems facing both celebrities and their followers, and points to future trends and developments in our cultural understanding of celebrity. The author's treatment is unflinchingly honest, revealing the importance of the public's role in celebrities' lives and establishing firm criteria for determining who is a celebrity - and who is not.
Hitler and Mussolini : the secret meetings
Faulks on fiction : great British characters and the secret life of the novel
Postmodernism : the key figures
Too young to die
The story solution : 23 actions all great heroes must take
Skin : the complete guide to digitally lighting, photographing and retouching faces and bodies
Happily ever after : celebrating Jane Austen's Pride and prejudice
Expressing social distance in Polish discourse : the use of the grammatical category of person
Current biography yearbook. 2002
Manhwa mania : how to draw Korean comics
Index to characters in the performing arts. 3, Ballets A-Z and symbols
Missing Julia
Caught in the Web : dreaming up the world of spider-man 2
Reinventing the chariest maid : representations of Ophelia in the lyrics of Bob Dylan, Natalie Merchant, and Emilie Autumn
Angels and Outcasts : an Anthology of Deaf Characters in Literature
Plutarch's lives : parellelism and purpose
The book of Genesis
Irish names
The apostle and his message
How to sound cultured : master the 250 names that intellectuals love to drop into conversation
Sugar and spice
Vanity fair (UK) : Vantaa
"Old ladies - they got a way of coming back and biting you in the ass" : the female character construction in Sons of Anarchy
100-year Anniversary of the Birth of V.J. Sukselainen, Founder of Väestöliitto
Event Pass Generator
The definitive guide to screenwriting
The golden bough : a study in magic and religion. Part VII, vol. I, Balder the beautiful : the fire-festivals of Europe and the doctrine of the external soul
Wicked shots
Samuel and Saul : their lifes and times
Dungeons & Dragons. Dark Sun creature catalog : roleplaying game supplement
Walt Disney's Mickey Mouse : His life and times
Faith, hope & [love] : Jacob Holdt's America / |c [edited by Michael Juul Holm and Mette Marcus]
One hundred names
Factors affecting the choise of a celebrity endorser in international advertising
Pope John XXII and his Franciscan cardinal : Bertrand de la Tour and the apostolic poverty controversy
Border Interview Survey
Trump revealed : an American journey of ambition, ego, money, and power
Fisher comes clean (well, sort of) with the crazy truth that is her life, in her first-ever memoir.
"Bringing together dozens of voices in her distinctive style of oral history, Secondhand Time is a monument to the collapse of the USSR, charting the decline of Soviet culture and speculating on what will rise from the ashes of Communism. As in all her books, Alexievich gives voice to women and men whose stories are lost in the official narratives of nation-states, creating a powerful alternative history from the personal and private stories of individuals. When the Swedish Academy awarded Svetlana Alexievich the Nobel Prize in Literature, they praised her 'polyphonic writings, a monument to suffering and courage in our time,' and cited her for inventing 'a new kind of literary genre.' Sara Danius, the permanent secretary of the Swedish Academy, added that her work comprises 'a history of emotions--a history of the soul'"--
Evangelicalism has played a prominent role in western religion since the dawn of modernity. Coinciding with the emergence of the Enlightenment in America and Europe, evangelicalism flourished during the transatlantic revivals of the eighteenth century. In addition to adopting Protestantism's core beliefs of justification by faith, scripture alone, and the priesthood of believers, early evangelicals emphasized conversion and cross-cultural missions to a greater extent than Christians of previous generations. Most people today associate early evangelicalism with only a few of its leaders. Yet this was a religious movement that involved more people than simply Jonathan Edwards, John Wesley, and George Whitefield. Early evangelicals were Anglicans, Baptists, Congregationalists, Methodists, Moravians, and Presbyterians and could be found in America, Canada, Great Britain, and Western Europe. They published hymns, historical works, poems, political pamphlets, revival accounts, sermons, and theological treatises. They recorded their conversion experiences and kept diaries and journals that chronicled their spiritual development. Early Evangelicalism: A Reader is an anthology that introduces a host of important religious figures. After brief biographical sketches of each author, this book offers over sixty excerpts from a wide range of well-known and lesser-known Protestant Christians, representing a variety of denominations, geographical locations, and underrepresented groups in order to produce the most comprehensive sourcebook of its kind. -- Review: "[A] helpful new publication." --Baptist Quarterly"In recent days, a number of historians have lamented the path taken by evangelicalism, regarding it as a regrettable dumbing-down of the doctrinal richness of the Reformation. But Yeager's collection speaks better things -- it reveals a powerful movement, theologically rich with true affective interiority, that brought about a profound transformation of life and culture in the trans-Atlantic world." --Southern Baptist Journal of Theology"This is a very encouraging read. It will no doubt find its place as a leading source book for students for students of the period but could equally be used as an edifying stimulant for spiritual meditation as part of a daily quiet time." --Churchman"Jonathan Yeager's Early Evangelicalism is a definitive document collection on the broad sweep of eighteenth-century evangelical faith. The book's authors, who hailed from North America, Britain, and the Continent, range from learned theologians to lyrical hymnists and earnest diarists. Anyone interested in evangelical Christianity will profit from Yeager's wealth of resources." --Thomas S. Kidd, author of The Great Awakening: The Roots of Evangelical Christianity in Colonial America"This helpful collection of works from those involved in the development of evangelicalism will be of interest to Baptist historians, especially those with an interest in the re-energising of Baptist life which took place in the mid to late eighteenth century." --Baptist Quarterly
Tibetan peach pie : a true account of an imaginative life
Current biography yearbook. 1999
The great encyclopedia of faeries
Emil Acks story
Bad Girls Throughout History features some of the fiercest women of all time - the famous, the infamous, and the ones you haven't even heard of yet. Explore the notable works, impressive feats, and striking portraits of these wild women from around the globe who challenged the status quo.
Vieno Johannes Sukselainen was born in Paimio on 12 October 1906. His mother was a single woman who worked as a seamstress. Sukselainen matriculated from high school in 1927 and earned his masters degree in 1931. Sukselainens doctoral dissertation, Co-operatives as a business model, was approved in 1939. Sukselainen traveled to various countries during the 1930s to conduct research for his dissertation, including Germany, Switzerland, France and Sweden. He was actively involved in student politics and later in the 1930s also got involved in the activities of the Agrarian League. Although neither farmer nor Member of Parliament, Sukselainen was elected chairman of the Agrarian League in 1945. His chairmanship lasted nearly two decades, until 1964, and his contributions were mainly in the area of political economy and social policy. Sukselainen was a member of parliament almost without interruption from 1948 to 1978, and was Speaker in 1956-58, 1968-69 and 1972-75. Sukselainen occupied the post of Minister of Finance in 1950-51 and 1954, Minister of the Interior in 1951-53, and Prime Minister in 1957 and 1959-61. He also served as a university lecturer and professor of political economy throughout the 1940s and 50s, director of the Social Insurance Institution of Finland in 1954-71 and Chancellor of the University of Tampere in 1969-78. A founder of the Family Federation, Sukselainen was also its ? rst chairman from 1941 until 1971. Sukselainen and Elma Bondn, M.A., married on 6 July 1938 and had four children. V.J. Sukselainen died in 1995. .
Infamous
World of warcraft : chronicle. Volume 1
Dungeons & Dragons. Forgotten realms players guide : roleplaying game supplement
The Easter story
Jesus : a profile
The birthday party
The first comprehensive biography of Sharon Tate: Hollywood star, wife of Roman Polanski, victim of Charles Manson, and symbol of the death of the 1960s.
Philip Melanchthon, speaker of the Reformation : Wittenberg's other reformer
Blackwood
I didn't come here to make friends : confessions of a reality show villain
Lives on the line : voices for change from the Thailand-Burma border
The celebrity playbook : the insider's guide to living like a star
The illegal : a novel
What a way to go : fabulous funerals of the famous and infamous
Hungry heart : adventures in life, love, and writing
Life faces
Dungeons & Dragons. Dark Sun campaign setting : roleplaying game supplement
Fredrik Barth : a bibliography
The secret's in their signature
Vanity fair : e-lehti
Lewis & Clark : the expedition
The creation of character in literature
Using local celebrities in branding and marketing of electronic goods in Finland  : based on South Korean endorsement models
Everyman's dictionary of fictional characters
Photographing your children : a handbook of style and instruction
Guess who's cooking dinner
A galaxy not so far away : writers and artists on twenty-five years of Star Wars
Drinking and dating : P.S. Social media is ruining romance
Buffering : unshared tales of a life fully loaded
Vanity fair : Espoo
Celebrity in the 21st century : a reference handbook
3D toons : creative 3D design for cartoonists and animators
We are here
Athletes as endorsers : sports stars playing in the field of advertising
"From the 2015 winner of the Nobel Prize in Literature, Svetlana Alexievich, comes the first English translation of her latest work, an oral history of the disintegration of the Soviet Union and the emergence of a new Russia. Bringing together dozens of voices in her distinctive documentary style, Secondhand Time is a monument to the collapse of the USSR, charting the decline of Soviet culture and speculating on what will rise from the ashes of communism. As in all her books, Alexievich gives voice to women and men whose stories are lost in the official narratives of nation-states, creating a powerful alternative history from the personal and private stories of individuals"--
Badass bitches, damsels in distress, or something in between? : representation of female characters in superhero action films
Characterization in Training Day
The making of Donald Trump
Martin Luther, German saviour : German evangelical theological factions and the interpretation of Luther, 1917-1933
Secondhand time : the last of the Soviets
Favor of the pharaoh
Anonymous characters - such as Lot's wife, Jephthah's daughter, Pharoah's baker, and the witch of Endor - are ubiquitous in the Hebrew Bible, and appear in a wide variety of roles. Adele Reinhartz here seeks to answer two principal questions concerning this aspect of biblical narrative. First, is there a "poetics of anonymity," and if so, what are its contours? Second, how does anonymity affect the readers' response to, and construction of, unnamed biblical characters. She is especially interested in issues related to gender, seeking to determine whether female characters are more likely to be anonymous than male characters, and whether the anonymity of female characters functions differently from that of male characters.
Robert Kennedy : his life
Born a crime : and other stories
Wide open : my adventures in polyamory, open marriage, and loving on my own terms
Too young to die : 20th century icons that moved generations = 20e eeuwse iconen die generaties beroerden = icônes du 20e siècle qui ont ému des générations
Are you a fan of 5 Seconds of Summer, One Direction, The Vamps and other similar bands? Do you want to know all the inside info on your favourite music acts, from how they first got together to their relationships, likes, dislikes and interesting facts previously known only to those closest to the bands themselves? If so, then this is the book for you. Containing one hundred facts on each band (plus one final bonus fact on 5SOS) this book will make you the master of all rock and pop knowledge! So whether it’s Harry Styles and his mates, Luke Hemmings & co, Brad Simpson and friends or any of the other seven groups featured, this is the perfect book for you!
Personal branding and political marketing : action research study about a candidate in the Finnish parliamentary elections
The book of Bond
James Bond : the secret world of 007
Gurps compendium. 1, Character creation
Careless whispers : the life & career of George Michael
The birth of Jesus : a peepshow book
Secret world of the ninja
The International who's who. 1977-78
The art of The Adventures of Tintin
Bat Boy : The complete weekly world news comic strips
The Roman : the memoirs of Minutus Lausus Manilianus, who has won the insignia of a Triumph, who has the rank of Consul, who is chairman of the Priests' Collegium of the god Vespasian and a member of the Roman Senate
Celebrities' favourite books : in aid of the Alzheimers' society
Effective personal communication skills for public relations
Bad feminist : essays
Geographic personal data, its privacy protection and prospects in a location-based service environment
The dreams of the three trees = San ke shu de yuanwang
Memories of Georgi Dimitrov
Abstract: Athletes as endorsers : sports stars playing in the field of advertising. This thesis studies the celebrity endorsement model and specially athletes as endorsers. What drives the companies to use athletes as spokesperson and how do they cope with risks involved in it? As recently news have been filled with scandals involving athletes with multimillion endorsement deals how could have these been avoided and what are the effects on endorsing companies? Main focus of the study is to investigate what kind of methods marketers use to ensure a successful endorsement campaign? Secondary focus was on researching what kind of risks companies face when cooperating with a star athlete? This thesis uses secondary data as its main source of information. Conducted research show that even though use of athletes as endorsers can be very risky, it can also lead to success. In celebrity endorsement only certainty is uncertainty. It was also discovered that marketers often value extremely different attributes when selecting a female endorser than they do with male endorsers.
Chernobyl prayer : a chronicle of the future
Abstract.
James Bond
Purgatory
Who's who in World War One
Odd trumps : pop culture gone weird
Who's who in the New Testament
Who's who in the Bible
Jane Austen, the secret radical
What my mother gave me : thirty-one women on the gifts that mattered most
Bad girls throughout history
""A collection of direct quotes from Richard Branson on topics related to business, entrepreneurship, the Virgin Group, philanthropy, and life"--Provided by publisher"--
Marry me at Christmas
Tom Waits on Tom Waits : interviews and encounters
Star wars episode 1: the visual dictionary
The stylist
Sacred
Philip Melanchthon and the English Reformation
Too much happiness
How The Secret changed my life : real people, real stories
Twilight and history
Nazi literature in the Americas
Angels and outcasts : an new anthology of deaf characters in literature
2 a.m. at the Cat's Pajamas
The new Tsar : the rise and reign of Vladimir Putin
Us weekly : e-lehti
To bridal boutique owner Madeline Krug, organizing a Christmas wedding sounds like a joy - until she finds out she'll be working closely with the gorgeous brother of the bride, movie star Jonny Blaze. How will a small-town girl like her keep from falling for the world's sexiest guy? Especially with mistletoe lurking around every corner! Jonny came to Fool's Gold looking for normal, not for love. Happily-ever-after only happens in the movies. Still, nothing about this quirky town is quite what he expected, and "ordinary" Madeline is the most extraordinary woman he's ever met.
The afterlife of character, 1726-1825
Fit for a queen : the new cookbook
Characters in fictional worlds : understanding imaginary beings in literature, film, and other media
An American scholar in Finland
Royal wedding : the Princess diaries
Wicked exposure
Early evangelicalism : a reader
Once upon a time in Russia : the rise of the oligarchs and the greatest wealth in history
A.D. kingdom and empire : The Bible continues
Public transport performance statistics 2007
Who's who in Shakespeare
Men and masculinities in Chaucer's Troilus and Criseyde
Vegan freak : being vegan in a non-vegan world : version 2.0, revised, expanded, and updated
On-site support and service desk operations enhancement and optimization
How did it really happen?
God save the kinks : A Biography
Computer graphics for artists II : environments and characters
Hidden knowledge
Literature on Adam and Eve : collected essays
Virgin rebel : Richard Branson in his own words
George Sprott 1894-1975 : A picture novella
Gumball 3000 : 6 days in may
Vital contradictions : characterization in the plays of Ibsen, Strindberg, Chekhov, and O'Neill
Choosing Juice : Enabling Fun in Games through Better Visual Design
The maze runner files
The profession of violence : the rise and fall of the Kray twins
"Defender of the most holy matriarchs" : Martin Luther's interpretation of the women of Genesis in the Enarrationes in Genesin, 1535-45
Garden of the flesh
Personnel analysis and its reliability
This is the funny, sexy, and provocative memoir of one woman's journey to find sexual fulfillment and create a new family model that includes herself, her lover, her husband and his lover, and their kids. In a world where women often feel pressured to be everything to everyone, Gracie X courageously strives to have it all. From dabbling in polyamory to adopting an open marriage, X eventually discovers how to have the family she wants, the love she needs, and the sexual freedom she has been craving. At once revealing, poignant, and controversial, Gracie shines light on life outside the traditional marriage box one woman blended love, sex and marriage in unconventional ways and found the fulfillment she was looking for.
Kleos in a minor key : the Homeric education of a little prince
Public transport performance statistics 2009
Agatha Christie's Miss Marple : the complete novels in one sitting
Cartoon cool : How to draw new retro-style characters
Slash and burn
National km-tax for passenger cars cost estimation
Wishful drinking
The many Watsons
Martin Luther as prophet, teacher, hero : images of the reformer, 1520-1620
Communication students' motives for and attitudes towards personal branding
More fool me : a memoir
Gossiping about sexuality : a critical discourse analysis of a gossip blog
Hidden figures : the American dream and the untold story of the Black women mathematicians who helped win the space race
The bullfighter checks her makeup : my encounters with extraordinary people
Sorry not sorry : dreams, mistakes, and growing up
Moonlight mile
Autobiographical moralizing in celebrity discussions on the Internet : how do discussion participants confess and testify in Finnish and English?
A portrait of the life and career of investment guru Warren Buffett sheds new light on the man, as well as on the work, ideas, business principles, strategies, and no-nonsense insights that have guided his phenomenally successful business endeavors.
Good people
Faulkner's people : a complete guide and index to characters in the fiction of William Faulkner
Lego friends : character encyclopedia
The International who's who. 1989-90
Who's who in Dickens
The international who's who. Volume 2 : L-Z, 2017.
