http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12765 wizards
wizards
The spriggan mirror
The Hawley book of the dead
Fairy tail. 9
Fairy tail. 6
What really happened in Peru
In this sparkling debut, magic and mayhem clash with the British elite...  The Royal Society of Unnatural Philosophers, one of the most respected organizations throughout all of England, has long been tasked with maintaining magic within His Majesty's lands. But lately, the once proper institute has fallen into disgrace, naming an altogether unsuitable gentleman--a freed slave who doesn't even have a familiar--as their Sorcerer Royal, and allowing England's once profuse stores of magic to slowly bleed dry. At least they haven't stooped so low as to allow women to practice what is obviously a man's profession...  At his wit's end, Zacharias Wythe, Sorcerer Royal of the Unnatural Philosophers and eminently proficient magician, ventures to the border of Fairyland to discover why England's magical stocks are drying up. But when his adventure brings him in contact with a most unusual comrade, a woman with immense power and an unfathomable gift, he sets on a path which will alter the nature of sorcery in all of Britain--and the world at large.
Night of madness
Four unlikely champions, each touched with Chaos magic at birth, are all that can stop the return of Daemron the Slayer, a hero who became a god-and then a demon. Exiled by the Old Gods, Daemron has long plotted his vengeful return. Now that moment is at hand, as the barrier imprisoning him-the Legacy-crumbles.
Necessary evil
The way of wizards
The singer of all songs
Harry Potter and the prisoner of Azkaban
NEVER LOOK BACK Alex Verus is a diviner who can see probable futures - a talent that's gotten him and his friends out of many a tough scrape. But what happens when someone doesn't want Alex's help? Alex's friend, the life mage Anne, distanced herself from him when she found out about his past as a Dark apprentice. Now she's in serious trouble, but wants nothing to do with him. Alex has to start wondering if Anne's problem is really with him - or if there's a secret she's trying to hide. On top of that, rumours are swirling around London that Alex's former master may be back in town. Alex has no idea what his agenda may be, or who it involves ...
Kvothe takes his first steps on the path of the hero as he attempts to uncover the truth about the mysterious Amyr, the Chandrian, and the death of his parents. Along the way, Kvothe is put on trial by the legendary Adem mercenaries, forced to reclaim the honor of the Edema Ruh, and travels into the Fae realm where he meets Felurian, the faerie woman no man can resist.
The dagger's path
Fairy tail. 5
The hobbit
"In this third book of the Sundering series kicked off by R.A. Salvatore and the dark elf Drizzt, SCRIBE award-winning author Erin M. Evans thrusts her signature character Farideh into a maelstrom of devilish politics and magical intrigue that will have far-reaching implications for the future of the Forgotten Realms.  As the chaos of the Sundering rages around her, young warlock Farideh faces a more personal turmoil wrought by a deal she made with a devil years ago. Hoping to protect her twin sister, she leaves everything she holds dear to assist a wizard in a scheme that pits the devils of the Nine Hells against the gods above.  But when Farideh casts the spell to enter the wizard's remote mountaintop fortress, she picks up a stowaway--a Harper agent named Dahl who isn't so inclined to follow devilish demands. Dahl attempts to escape only to run into a village of odd people, lurking behind an impenetrable wall.  Forced to gaze into the villagers' souls, Farideh points out the ones who seem different, only to watch as the wizard's guard carts them off to fates unknown. Are these villagers or prisoners? Are they blessed or doomed by the gods? As the wizard's guessing game proves more and more diabolical, Farideh resolves to unravel his secrets--even if it means she'll lose her own soul to the Nine Hells"--
Angel of storms
The wonderful wizard of Oz
Burned
Unbound
The dark spirit : sinister portraits from Celtic history
With a single spell
Baptism of fire
Negima!. 5 / translated and adapted by Douglas Varenas
Witch & wizard : The fire
The wizard knight
Negima!. 7 / translated by Toshifumi Yoshida ; adapted by T. Ledoux
Shadow spell
The kiss
The midnight heir
Little wizards : an Antoine Bauza game
Melric the magician who lost his magic
The wizard of Oz
"Asher has come a long way for a fisherman's son. Together with his friend Prince Gar, he has defended their kingdom against its bitterest enemy, but at great cost." "Now, the evil mage Morg is preparing for his most deadly assault. Desperate, trapped in a broken body, Morg has little time and fewer scruples. And he has a plan." "As Gar and Asher unwittingly fall into a dangerous deception, Morg gets ever closer to his goal. And this victory would be particularly sweet - for who better to destroy the kingdom than the two who would give anything save It?"--BOOK JACKET.
Wizards and witches
Witch & wizard : The gift
The tenth power
The Golem's eye
The waterless sea
Blood of elves
The sixth watch
For years, a cruel wizard named Ash has been trapped in a magical prison-but now, she is poised to escape and get her revenge by unleashing an army of vicious monsters. Only three stand in her way: Sam, the apprentice of the wizard who imprisoned her, Starback, Sam's steadfast dragon companion, and Tamrin, a runaway wizard apprentice.Tamrin and Sam have only just met-but neither of them can deny the strange force that links them. They must discover the secret behind their connection in order to defeat Ash and protect everything they hold dear. But can two apprentices and a single dragon alone prevent the total destruction of the land they call home?Toby Forward's lyrically written, much-lauded series continues in this fantasy saga perfect for fans of Cressida Cowell and Angie Sage. / WorldCat.
The trouble with magic
The witch's vacuum cleaner and other stories
Vampires, scones, and Edmund Herondale
The Big Book of Madness
Elfsorrow
When the heavens fall
Fairy tail. 4
Harry Potter and the chamber of secrets
Camelot burning
The gray wolf throne
The technomancer : PS4
Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince
Moving pictures : a Discworld novel
Blackwood : a hexed story
The sorcerer's house
The Black Gryphon
The other wind : the new Earthsea novel
Ithalin's restoration
Doubleborn : Dragonborn novel
Deadly Spells
The rise of the Hotel Dumort
Any other name
The first collected tales of Bauchelain & Korbal Broach
Pawn of prophecy : book one of the Belgariad
Reap the wind
Born to run : a novel of the Serrated Edge
Mixed magics : [four tales of Chrestomanci]
Quidditch through the ages
The fire chronicle
The wizard
Dragonborn
Storm front. Vol 1, The gathering storm
A final installment in a series that includes Twilight Watch finds Night Watch agent Anton conducting a murder investigation that takes him from Edinburgh and Uzbekistan to Moscow, where he discovers that the threat posed by the Others is more complex than originally realized.
League of dragons
Monday starts on Saturday
Chosen
Chaos unleashed
The awakened mage
Someone is killing Britain's warlocks.  Twenty-two years after the Second World War, a precarious balance of power maintains the peace between Great Britain and the USSR. For decades, the warlocks have been all that stand between the British Empire and the Soviet Union-- a vast domain stretching from the Pacific Ocean to the shores of the English Channel. But now each death is another blow to Britain's security.  Meanwhile, a brother and sister escape from a top-secret research facility deep behind the Iron Curtain. Once subjects of a twisted Nazi experiment to imbue ordinary humans with extraordinary abilities, then prisoners of war in the vast Soviet effort to reverse engineer the Nazi technology, they head for England.  Because that's where former spy Raybould Marsh lives. And Gretel, the mad seer, has plans for him.  As Marsh is drawn back into the world of Milkweed, he discovers that Britain's darkest acts didn't end with the war. And as he strives to protect Queen and country, he's forced to confront his own willingness to accept victory at any cost.
Harry Potter and the goblet of fire
Web of deceit
The innocent mage
The lost
Thief's magic
The time of contempt
The name of the wind
The unwelcome warlock
Agnieszka loves her valley home, her quiet village, the forests and the bright shining river. But the corrupted Wood stands on the border, full of malevolent power, and its shadow lies over her life. Her people rely on the cold, driven wizard known only as the Dragon to keep its powers at bay. But he demands a terrible price for his help: one young woman handed over to serve him for ten years, a fate almost as terrible as falling to the Wood. The next choosing is fast approaching, and Agnieszka is afraid. She knows--everyone knows--that the Dragon will take Kasia: beautiful, graceful, brave Kasia, all the things Agnieszka isn't, and her dearest friend in the world. And there is no way to save her. But Agnieszka fears the wrong things. For when the Dragon comes, it is not Kasia he will choose-
The coldest war
The silver gryphon
The fall of the dagger
Harry Potter and the cursed child. Parts one and two
Noonshade
The fellowship of the ring : being the first part of The lord of the rings
Uprooted
The white gryphon
12 May 1940. Westminster, London, England: the early days of World War II. Again. Raybould Marsh, one of "our" Britain's best spies, has travelled to another Earth in a desperate attempt to save at least one timeline from the Cthulhu-like monsters who have been observing our species from space and have already destroyed Marsh's timeline. In order to accomplish this, he must remove all traces of the supermen that were created by the Nazi war machine and caused the spectors from outer space to notice our planet in the first place. His biggest challenge is the mad seer Greta, one of the most powerful of the Nazi creations, who has sent a version of herself to this timeline to thwart Marsh. Why would she stand in his way? Because she has seen that in all the timelines she dies and she is determined to stop that from happening, even if it means destroying most of humanity in the process. And Marsh is the only man who can stop her. Necessary Evil is the stunning conclusion to Ian Tregillis's Milkweed series.
The adversary
Hex appeal
Wizards and Witches
The amulet of Samarkand
The white-luck warrior
Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix
Fairy tail. 7
The sorcerer's apprentice
The ring of Solomon
The third kingdom
Day of the magicians
Dirty magic
Working for Bigfoot : stories from the Dresden files
The sorcerer heir
The Hobbit : the desolation of Smaug movie storybook
Harry Potter and the philosopher's stone
Shadowheart
Diviner Alex Verus finally made one too many enemies on the Council of Mages, and now one of them is angry enough to have him executed. Fighting for his life is nothing new, but this kill order also calls for the death of Alex’s dependents—and there’s no way that he’ll let Luna, Anne, and Vari take the heat.  With only a week before he’s history, Alex will have to figure out how to disassociate himself from his friends, scrounge up allies on the Council, and hopefully keep his head attached to his body.  But saving himself is going to bring him into direct opposition with his former master and the Dark mages surrounding him. And, this time, escaping with his life might mean losing his soul.
Year of the griffin
Velhojen yö : pilkkopimeässä pelattava peli = Trollkarnas natt : ska helst spelas i beckmörker = Magicians' night : the game played in the dark
Wizard's hall
Witch week
Chicago wizard-for-hire Harry Dresden is used to mysterious clients with long hair and legs up to here. But when it turns out the long hair covers every square inch of his latest client's body, and the legs contribute to a nine-foot height, even the redoubtable detective realizes he's treading new ground. Strength of a River in His Shoulders is one of the legendary forest people, a Bigfoot, and he has a problem that only Harry can solve. His son Irwin is a scion, the child of a supernatural creature and a human. He's a good kid, but the extraordinary strength of his magical aura has a way of attracting trouble. In the three novellas that make up ''Working For Bigfoot,'' collected together for the first time here, readers encounter Dresden at different points in his storied career, and in Irwin's life. As a middle-schooler, in ''B is For Bigfoot,'' Irwin attracts the unwelcome attention of a pair of bullying brothers who are more than they seem, and when Harry steps in, it turns out they have a mystical guardian of their own. At a fancy private high school in ''I Was a Teenage Bigfoot,'' Harry is called in when Irwin grows ill for the first time, and it's not just a case of mono. Finally, Irwin is all grown up and has a grown-up's typical problems as a freshman in college in ''Bigfoot on Campus,'' or would have if typical included vampires.
Merlin : once and future wizard
Fury of the seventh son
Ptolemy's gate
Flyte : Septimus Heap Book Two
The taste of lightning
You'd think that being chief seer for the supernatural world would come with a few perks. But as Cassie Palmer has learned, being Pythia doesn't mean you don't have to do things the hard way. That's why she finds herself on a rescue mission skipping through time - even though she doesn't entirely understand her dimension-bending new power. Rescuing her friend John Pritkin should have been an in-and-out kind of deal, but with the near-immortal mage's soul lost in time, Cassie has to hunt for it through the ages - with Pritkin's demon dad in tow. He's the only one who can reverse Pritkin's curse, but with the guardians of the timeline dead set on stopping anyone from mucking about, Cassie will have to figure out how to get her friend back without ruffling too many feathers - or causing a world-ending paradox or two...
Alex Verus is a mage who can see the future, but even he couldn't have seen this day coming. Alex has agreed to join the Keepers, the magical police force, to protect his friends from his old master, the Dark Mage Richard Drakh.
Leandra Weal has a bad habit of getting herself in dangerous situations. While hunting neodemons in her role as Warden of Ixos, Leandra obtains a prophetic spell that provides a glimpse one day into her future. She discovers that she is doomed to murder someone she loves, soon, but not who. That's a pretty big problem for a woman who has a shark god for a lover, a hostile empress for an aunt, a rogue misspelling wizard for a father, and a mother who--especially when arguing with her daughter--can be a real dragon. Leandra's quest to unravel the mystery of the murder-she-will-commit becomes more urgent when her chronic disease flares up and the Ixonian Archipelago is plagued by natural disasters, demon worshiping cults, and fierce political infighting. Everywhere she turns, Leandra finds herself amid intrigue and conflict. It seems her bad habit for getting into dangerous situations is turning into a full blown addiction. As chaos spreads across Ixos, Leandra and her troubled family must race to uncover the shocking truth about a prophesied demonic invasion, human language, and their own identities--if they don't kill each other first.
Cursed moon
Red-headed stepchild
Severed souls
Sword of destiny
Sorcerer to the crown
Fairy tail. 3
The magykal papers
It's 1939. The Nazis have supermen, the British have demons, and one perfectly normal man gets caught in between. Raybould Marsh is a British secret agent in the early days of the Second World War, haunted by something strange he saw on a mission during the Spanish Civil War: a German woman with wires going into her head who looked at him as if she knew him. When the Nazis start running missions with people who have unnatural abilities--a woman who can turn invisible, a man who can walk through walls, and the woman Marsh saw in Spain who can use her knowledge of the future to twist the present--Marsh is the man who has to face them. He rallies the secret warlocks of Britain to hold the impending invasion at bay. But magic always exacts a price. Eventually, the sacrifice necessary to defeat the enemy will be as terrible as outright loss would be.
Carry on
All is fair
The Kingfisher treasury of witch and wizard stories
The wise man's fear
Between two thorns
Negima!. 8 / translated by Toshifumi Yoshida ; adapted by T. Ledoux
Fairy tail. 8
If you pick a fight with Shroud, Lord of the Dead, you had better ensure your victory, else death will mark only the beginning of your suffering. A book giving its wielder power over the dead has been stolen from a fellowship of mages that has kept the powerful relic dormant for centuries. The thief, a crafty, power-hungry necromancer, intends to use the Book of Lost Souls to resurrect an ancient race and challenge Shroud for dominion of the underworld. Shroud counters by sending his most formidable servants to seize the artifact at all cost. However, the god is not the only one interested in the Book, and a host of other forces converge, drawn by the powerful magic that has been unleashed. Among them is a reluctant Guardian who is commissioned by the Emperor to find the stolen Book, a troubled prince who battles enemies both personal and political, and a young girl of great power, whose past uniquely prepares her for an encounter with Shroud. The greatest threat to each of their quests lies not in the horror of an undead army but in the risk of betrayal from those closest to them. Each of their decisions comes at a personal cost and will not only affect them, but also determine the fate of their entire empire.  The first of an epic swords & sorcery fantasy series, Marc Turner's When the Heavens Fall features  gritty characters, deadly magic, and meddlesome gods.
Fairy tail. 2
Fantastic beasts and where to find them : the original screenplay
Fairy tail : Blue mistral. [1]
