http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12721 psychotherapists
psychotherapists
Supervision of music therapy : a theoretical and practical handbook
Forms of intersubjectivity in infant research and adult treatment
Aaron T. Beck
The languages of psychoanalysis
Practical counselling skills : an integrative approach
Friday on my mind
A fool, free
Issues and ethics in the helping professions
A life of Jung
Relational work in therapeutic interaction : a comparative conversation analytic study on psychoanalysis, cognitive psychotherapy and resource-centred counselling
The new informants : the betrayal of confidentiality in psychoanalysis and psychotherapy
This state-of-the-art book presents research-based practice guidelines that clinicians of any orientation can use to optimize the therapeutic alliance. Leading proponents of the major psychotherapeutic approaches explain just what a good alliance is, how to create it, and how to recognize and repair alliance ruptures. Applications in individual, group, couple, and family therapy are explored; case examples vividly illustrate the concepts and techniques. Links between the quality of the alliance and client outcomes are elucidated. A section on training fills a major gap in the field, reviewing proven strategies for helping therapists to develop key relationship-building skills.
Introduction to Jungian psychotherapy : the therapeutic relationship
Desire and the female therapist : engendered gazes in psychotherapy and art therapy
"This book provides a comprehensive overview of the professional development of counselors and therapists over the career lifespan. Drawing on their own extensive experience as psychotherapists, supervisors, teachers, and researchers, as well as from their own extensive study of the topic, the authors aim to provide a synthesis of this knowledge that all counselors and psychotherapists will find valuable and useful"--
One in six people worldwide will experience depression over the course of a lifetime. Many who seek relief through the healthcare system are treated with antidepressant medication; in the United States, nearly 170 million prescriptions for antidepressants were written in 2005, resulting in more than #12 billion in sales. And yet despite the dominance of antidepressants in the marketplace and the consulting room, another treatment for depression has proven equally effective: psychotherapy--in particular, cognitive behavior therapy (CBT). Antidepressants can lift mood independent of a person's understanding of symptoms or stressors. By contrast, CBT teaches patients skills for dealing with distressing feelings, negative thoughts, and causal stressors. In The Ethical Treatment of Depression, Paul Biegler argues that the insights patients gain from the therapeutic process promote autonomy. He shows that depression is a disorder in which autonomy is routinely and extensively undermined and that physicians have a moral obligation to promote the autonomy of depressed patients. He concludes that medical practitioners have an ethical imperative to prescribe psychotherapy--CBT in particular--for depression. To make his case, Biegler draws on a wide philosophical literature relevant to autonomy and the emotions and makes a comprehensive survey of the latest research findings from the psychological sciences.
The real relationship in psychotherapy : the hidden foundation of change
The needs of counsellors and psychotherapists
What therapists don't talk about and why : understanding taboos that hurt us and our clients
Healing in hypnosis
The examined life : how we lose and find ourselves
The life and work of Carl Rogers
Master therapists : exploring expertise in therapy and counseling
Becoming an effective psychotherapist : adopting a theory of psychotherapy that's right for you and your client
Why did Freud reject God? : a psychodynamic interpretation
Voices of feminist therapy
Evidence-based psychotherapy : where practice and research meet
Psychotherapy relationships that work : evidence-based responsiveness
Therapeutic work with children and young people
Between therapist and client : the new relationship
Empathy fatigue : healing the mind, body, and spirit of professional counselors
Emotional experience in psychotherapeutic interacion : conversation analytical study on cognitive psychotherapy
The practitioner's handbook : a guide for counsellors, psychotherapists and counselling psychologists : edited by Stephen Palmer, Robert Bor
Therapy with difficult clients : using the precursors model to awaken change
The realistic therapist : modesty and relativism in therapy and research
Brief counselling : a practical guide for beginning practitioners
Strength-centered counseling : integrating postmodern approaches and skills with practice
Therapists' professional and personal characteristics as predictors of working alliance and outcome in psychotherapy
The trainee handbook : a guide for counselling and psychotherapy trainees
Dialogue interpreting in mental health
The good story : exchanges on truth, fiction and psychotherapy
Monday: five-year-old Matthew Faraday is abducted. His face is splashed across newspaper front pages. His parents and the police are desperate. Can anyone help find their little boy before it is too late? Psychotherapist Frieda Klein just might know something.
Creating hysteria : women and multiple personality disorder
On being a client : understanding the process of counselling and psychotherapy
Authors Corey, Corey and Callanan provide readers with the basis for discovering their own guidelines within the broad limits of professional codes of ethics and divergent theoretical positions. They raise what they consider to be central issues, present a range of diverse views on these issues, discuss their position, and present many opportunities for readers to refine their own thinking and actively develop their own position. The authors explore such questions as: What role do the therapist's personal values play in the counseling relationship? What ethical responsibilities and rights do clients and therapists have? And, what considerations are involved in adapting counseling practice to diverse client populations?
Doing supervision and being supervised
Psychotherapy relationships that work : therapist contributions and responsiveness to patients
Ask Albert Ellis : straight answers and sound advice from America's best known psychologist
The therapeutic alliance : an evidence-based guide to practice
Client-centered and experiential psychotherapy in the nineties
The developing practitioner : growth and stagnation of therapists and counselors
Compassion fatigue : coping with secondary traumatic stress disorder in those who treat the traumatized
Clinical supervision : a systems approach
Beyond psychology
Thursday's children
Further learning from the patient : the analytic space and process
The mummy at the dining room table : eminent therapists reveal their most unusual cases and what they teach us about human behavior
The art therapists' primer : a clinical guide to writing assessments, diagnosis, and treatment
The gift of therapy : reflections on being a therapist
The psychotherapy relationship : Theory, research, and practice
Exploring the spiritual : paths for counselors and psychotherapists
How psychotherapists develop : a study of therapeutic work and professional growth
On learning from the patient
Moral stealth : how "correct behavior" insinuates itself into psychotherapeutic practice
Psychotherapy : the art of wooing nature
The person of the therapist
Therapists' professional and personal characteristics as predictors of outcome in short- and long-term psychotherapy
Thursday's child
Caring for ourselves : a therapist's guide to personal and professional well-being
Unfaithful angels : how social work has abandoned its mission
Therapist behavior in process : therapist behavior in the treatment of families with adolescent girls at risk of placement
An academy of psychotherapists : a portrait of a professional culture
This book shows what therapists can say at key moments to enhance the process of healing and change. Paul Wachtel explains why some communications in therapy are particularly effective, while others that address essentially the same content may actually be countertherapeutic. He offers guidelines for how to ask questions and make comments in ways that facilitate collaborative exploration and promote change. Illustrated with vivid case examples, the book is grounded in an integrative theory that draws from features of psychodynamic, cognitive-behavioral, systemic, and experiential approaches.
From counselling skills to counsellor : a psychodynamic approach
The new handbook of counseling supervision
Unlocking the emotional brain : eliminating symptoms at their roots using memory reconsolidation
The shadow of the Tsunami and the growth of the relational mind
The ethical treatment of depression : autonomy through psychotherapy
The supervisory relationship : a contemporary psychodynamic approach
Manufacturing victims : what the psychology industry is doing to people
If you meet the Buddha on the road, kill him! : the pilgrimage of psychotherapy patients
Communication in cognitive behavioral therapy
Viktor Frankl recollections : an autobiography
Donald Winnicott the man : reflections and recollections
Anna Freud : a view of development, disturbance and therapeutic techniques
On training to be a therapist : the long and winding road to qualification
Talk as therapy : psychotherapy in a linguistic perspective
The gift of therapy : an open letter to a new generation of therapists and their patients
The termination phase in psychoanalysis and in psychotherapy
Training and supervision for counselling in action
A primer for psychotherapists
Supervision in the helping professions
Waiting for wednesday
Personal conversations : roles and skills for counsellors
The extended therapy room coming from an authentic place... : a phenomenological-hermeneutic study of my experiences as a psychotherapist in the Extended Therapy Room
Culturally affirmative psychotherapy with deaf persons
On becoming a better therapist
Tuesday's gone
Therapist's dilemmas
"The Good Story" is an exchange between a writer with a long-standing interest in moral psychology and a psychotherapist with a training in literary studies. Arabella Kurtz and J.M. Coetzee consider psychotherapy and its wider social context from different perspectives, but at the heart of both their approaches is a concern with stories. Working alone, the writer is in sole charge of the story he or she tells. The therapist, on the other hand, collaborates with the patient in telling the story of their life. What kind of truth do the stories created by patient and therapist aim to uncover: objective truth or the shifting and subjective truth of memories explored and re-experienced in the safety of the therapeutic relationship? The authors discuss both individual psychology and the psychology of the group: the school classroom, the gang, the settler nation where the brutal deeds of the ancestors have to be accommodated into a national story. Drawing on great writers like Cervantes and Dostoevsky and on psychoanalysts like Freud and Melanie Klein, they offer illuminating insights into the stories we tell of our lives.
Psychotherapy supervision : an intergrative rational approach to psychotherapy supervision
Fundamentals of clinical supervision
All day and a night : a novel of suspense
Psychodynamic music therapy : case studies
Living with the Sphinx : papers from the women's therapy centre
Therapeutic communication : knowing what to say when
Brief counselling : a practical, integrative approach
The invisible moral order : agency, accountability and responsibility in therapy talk
Handbook of psychotherapy supervision
Some kind of peace
Words were originally magic
