http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12781 dreams (aspirations)
dreams (aspirations)
Haikyu!!. 5, Inter-high begins
The lucky ones : a bright young things novel
The sea-stone sword
Up and down
The Wangs vs the world
My life and the beautiful music
The girl who wrote loneliness
Farther
Billy and me
Miss Jump the jockey
Searching for Grace Kelly
Downside up
Out of the Easy
A man in love. My struggle book 2
Slam dunk. Vol. 26 : Powers match
From Notting Hill with love... actually
The stranger
The jewels of Manhattan
You're the one that I want: a gossip girl novel
You're the one that I want : a gossip girl novel
The Acme novelty library. Number 19
The daydreamer
Benchmarking international high-technology research laboratories' marketing in Europe
The concert ticket
Dreamy me
Succubus shadows
The winter sea
We are not ourselves
Revolutionary road
How The Secret changed my life : real people, real stories
Cowboys and indians
Roberto : the insect architect
Boy soldier
Perfect daughter
L. A. Candy
Five Star Billionaire
Serious men
Jem and the Holograms
Behold the dreamers : a novel
Death of a salesman
The little mermaid
It's up to you New York
Willy the dreamer
Fifteen-year-old math prodigy Seth Gordon hopes to compete professionally playing Starfare, the world's most popular computer game, but when he gets the chance to move to Korea and train full-time, he may not be ready for the culture shock and leaving his possible girlfriend, Hannah
Turbo Storybook
Enchanted
The faery's gift
Now is the time to do what you love : how to make the career move that will change your life
The Docklands girls
The book of unknown Americans : a novel
The best beekeeper of Lalibela : a tale from Africa
Identifying needs and buying behaviour for material analyses services by SMEs dealing with tangible products in Northern Bothnia region : a quantitative study
How to catch a star
Caterpillar dreams
With my lazy eye
Little Warrior
Wanted : elevator man
What a girl wants
Megastar : the fincredible diary of Fin Spencer
Melting the snow on Hester Street
We dream as we live : consuming
Dead Rock, Texas, 2037. Raleigh Williams made a promise to his brother before he died, that he’d scatter his ashes on Mars. Desperate to leave a life of bad memories behind and start over in the Martian colony, Raleigh fully intends to keep that promise. But his plans are thwarted when a meteor near-misses him in the desert, and Raleigh finds in its crater not debris or even a spacecraft, but a man covered in swirling scars and with no memory of who he is. At least he looks like a man—a man Raleigh can’t seem to keep his eyes off of—but whenever they touch it ignites a memory swap between them.  Raleigh agrees to help Meteor Man piece together his life through their cosmic connection. But the memory share goes both ways, and Raleigh becomes inexplicably entangled with a guy who is everything he needs—everything good that Raleigh is not—but might not even be human. As their minds and worlds collide, reality unravels and Raleigh must face a painful truth, one that could shatter his dreams of finding love, reaching Mars, and fulfilling his brother’s last wish.
Chaplin and company
Happily ever after
As you think
The miracle morning : the 6 habits that will transform your life before 8am
The Rosie project : a novel
The Little Mermaid
The thesis studies current marketing conventions of international high-technology research laboratories in Europe and is done for the UNELMA-project. UNELMA is a joint project between Finnish and Swedish universities and institutions funded by the European Union, the Provincial Government of Norbotten, Lapin Liitto and Interreg IV A. The project wishes to create a network of professional services which will benefit companies in the Bothnian Arc between Finland and Sweden. The study itself intends to give possible examples of how high-technology professional services are marketed internationally and how to apply their practices to Finnish and Swedish high-technology marketing, the UNELMA-project's marketing in particular. Actual high-technology issues or operations in the respective field will not be discussed in this thesis. The knowledge base of the thesis relies on B2B-marketing, services marketing and digital marketing. The applied research method is benchmarking through case studies. Case studies were chosen as it was the best way of having information about the organizations the UNELMA-project and its managers were interested in. Recommendations of possible marketing practices and operations for UNELMA will be presented.
Waiting for callback
Slam dunk. Vol. 17 : The last spot
We are not ourselves : a novel
Bright young things
Workin' On a Dream: the American Dream in the lyrics of Bruce Springsteen, 1995-2009
Brief loves that live forever
The forever of Ella and Micha
Dreamer Ballerina
One chance
The home corner
Billy Elliot : a novel
The trip to Panama
Asian beat. Vol 1
Dream big : [starring Olivia]
Karasuno has successfully defeated Tohru Oikawa and Aoba Johsai in their practice match, but the team's future doesn't look so bright. The match uncovered serious holes in Karasuno's defense, which would be fatal in a real game! What they need is a defense expert, a libero, to cover their holes for them. It turns out Karasuno does have a libero named Yu Nishinoya, but he was suspended for one week for violent behavior! And he's even shorter than Hinata!
Manual of the warrior of light
Norman : the slug with the silly shell
You choose
The big love : a novel
The best job in the world : how to make a living from following your dreams
Cycling for gold
The whales' song = El canto de las ballenas
Moominpappa at sea
The crimson thread
Beautiful days : a bright young things novel
A cup of turkish coffee = Bir fincan kahve
In real life
My hero academia. 5, Shoto Todoroki : origin
A great big shining star
Todo in Tuscany : a dog at the villa
Girls on tour
Here come the girls
Escape from Tokyo : a selection of answers to the question "Where would you escape to (from Tokyo)?"
Horses of god
I will marry George Clooney (by Christmas)
After proving themselves to be the ultimate combination in their practice match against Tsukishima, Kageyama and Hinata are finally allowed to join the club! Hinata's true power-to perfectly time his spikes with his eyes closed-is awakened and nothing can seem to stop this crazy setter-spiker duo. Now their skills are about to put to the test at a practice match against one of Kageyama's former teammates from middle school, Toru Oikawa.
The Rosie project
Phoebe finds her voice
The bricks that built the houses
Isabella, the star of the story
This should be written in the present tense
Butterfly winter
One b1g thing : discovering what you were born to do
The book of unknown Americans
Designing the structure and content of the website for a research and analysis laboratories : part of UNELMA project
Alice goes to Hollywood
This thesis was developed in order to help the commissionaire, the Microscopy and Nanotechnology Centre at Oulu University (MNT), acquire a better understanding of the current state of the market for material analyses services in Northern Bothnia region. The main purpose of this research paper is, by using applied marketing research tools- a quantitative survey, to collect as much information possible about the customers who are purchasing material analyses in the region. The main research areas have been value creation and customers’ satisfaction, regular customer behaviour and information channels used in the purchasing process. The background analyses included a theory review of B2B marketing and the organizational behaviour in specific. Moreover a SME framework has been drawn, also the buying behaviour in organizations and the value creation has been discussed to provide to the reader a theoretical fundament for the research to come. The conveyed survey managed to successfully attract respondents in order to provide valid answers to the preliminary objectives. The main conclusions have been made in reference with the building ideal material analyses service and in considerations with the future trends on the market. A material service provider that is fast, reliable, cooperative, versatile and experienced has been stated to be the most desired research partner. Furthermore, as outsourcing seems to be the future trend in the area, the importance of heterogenic service provider has been described. There is still a demand for further analyses in the area of start-up material analyses research and the exploration of the decision making in regards with buying behaviour.
Nobody does it better : a gossip girl novel
Amelia Grey's fireside dream
We never asked for wings
The villa girls
Ever since he saw the legendary player known as the "Little Giant" compete at the national volleyball finals, Shoyo Hinata has been aiming to be the best volleyball player ever! He decides to join the team at the high school the Little Giant went to-and then surpass him. Who says you need to be tall to play volleyball when you can jump higher than anyone else? After losing his first and last volleyball match against Tobio Kageyama, "the King of the Court," Shoyo Hinata swears to become his rival after graduating middle school. But what happens when the guy he wants to defeat ends up being his teammate?!
The whole wide beauty
The purpose of this thesis was to take a look at digital marketing and digital marketing strategy and how it is created. Thesis was made in cooperation with UNELMA project, which was founded by European Union through Interreg IVA program, Regional Council of Lapland and Norrbotten County. The goal for this thesis was to prepare a preliminary list of keywords and texts for the networks website. Thesis process was conducted as a functional thesis. The knowledge base for this thesis came from various books and online sources. Also previous project material and meetings were used as a source. At the end of the thesis report the example keywords and website texts can be examined.
After she's gone
We'll always have Paris : trying and failing to be French
Ricki and the Flash
Kosmos kak predtšuvstvije [=Dreaming of space]
Succubus dreams
The olive branch
The champion jumper
