http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12754 Armenian language
Armenian language
The Armenian texts of Epiphanius of Salamis De mensuris et ponderibus
ABC of Armenian. Book #2, Conversation, grammar, dictionary, reading, writing
The bastard of Istanbul : [a novel]
The phonology of Armenian
The chronology of the sound changes from proto-Indo-European to classical Armenian
I am learning Armenian
The history of Vardapet Aṛak'el of Tabriz : (Patmutʻiwn Aṛakʻel Vardapeti Dawrizhetsʻwoy). Vol. 1
An Editio Minor of the Armenian Version of the Testaments of the Twelve Patriarchs
Armenian philology in the modern era : from manuscript to digital text
Whispers and breath of the meadows
Etymological dictionary of the Armenian inherited lexicon
Armenian Tigranakert/Diarbekir and Edessa/Urfa
English - Armenian, Armenian - English dictionary
The Armenian commentaries on Exodus-Deuteronomy attributed to Ephrem the Syrian
Armenian (Western)
Elementary modern Armenian grammar
Mood in the languages of Europe
Eastern Armenian : Armenian-English, English-Armenian dictionary & phrasebook
As an Indo-European language, Armenian has been the subject of etymological research for over a hundred years. There are many valuable systematic handbooks, studies and surveys on comparative Armenian linguistics. Almost all of these works, with a few exceptions, mostly concentrate on Classical Armenian and touch the dialects only sporadically. Non-literary data taken from Armenian dialects have largely remained outside of the scope of Indo-European etymological considerations. This book provides an up-to-date description of the Indo-European lexical stock of Armenian with systematic inclusion of dialectal data. It incorporates the lexical, phonetic, and morphological material in the Armenian dialects into the etymological treatment of the Indo-European lexicon. In this respect it is completely new.
English - Armenian and Armenian - English dictionary : romanized
The Armenian Gospel of the Infancy : with three early versions of the Protevangelium of James
An Armenian historical grammar in Latin characters : (morphology, etymology, old texts)
Armeno-Turcica : selected studies
Meknowt'iwn Araraçoc' = Commentary on Genesis
Im girkʻs : a. hator = [Armenian made easy]
" A young man travels from Georgia to Karabakh, a contested region between Armenia and Azerbaijan, in order to buy cheap drugs. Taken prisoner first by the Azeris and then by the Armenians, he spends long enough away from home that he finds he isn't really in such a hurry to escape. Is there anything waiting for him back home, so soon after the end of Georgia's own war, where he's weighed down by an alcoholic father and a pregnant girlfriend his family will never accept? What is freedom, and might it be enjoyed just as well in captivity as at large? One of the best-selling novels ever released in Georgia, and the basis for two feature films, this is a book about the tricky business of finding—and defining—liberty. " -- (Dalkey Archive Press)
Semitologiuri da kʻartʻvelologiuri študiebi = Semitological and kartvelological studies
From Byzantium to Iran : Armenian studies in honour of Nina G. Garsoïan
Modern Eastern Armenian
A short classical Armenian grammar
The noun in Biblical Armenian : origin and word formation : with special emphasis on the Indo-European heritage
The king's dictionary : the Rasãulid Hexaglot : fourteenth century vocabularies in Arabic, Persian, Turkic, Greek, Armenian, and Mongol
Armenian : eastern
Recent research on the text of the Psalms and Gospels in Greek and in certain versions, principally Coptic, Georgian and Armenian, reveals common characteristics when attempting to separate later editions of a text from its earliest forms. The essays in this collection give concrete examples of the issues involved and suggested explanations for textual changes.
Armenian literature : comprising poetry, drama, folklore, and classic traditions
New dictionary Armenian-English
Armenian and Indo-European : (historical phonology)
Two anonymous set of scholia on Dionysius the Areopagite's Heavenly hierarchy
English-Armenian, Armenian-English dictionary
English-Armenian, Armenian-English modern dictionary = Anglerēnē-hayerēn, hayerēnē-anglerēn ardi baṙaran
Pluricentric languages : differing norms in different nations
An anthology of six Armenian poets, featuring the work of Hrachya Sarukhan, Violet Grigorian, Khachik Manoukyan, Azniv Sahakyan, Anatoli Hovhannisyan and Hasmik Simonian. The bed-rock of Armenian poetry is a strong and revered folklore tradition that has produced many outstanding poets from the Middle Ages to modern times, both in Eastern and Western Armenia. As the country and its writers opened up to Western modernism, a huge variety of thematic interactions were sparked between traditional Armenian forms and the innovations that Soviet censorship had suppressed. These poems, and Armine Tamrazian's delicate, sensitive translations, show that sparks continue to fly.
Hippocrene concise dictionary : Armenian-English, English-Armenian
Armenian : western
Journey to Karabakh : [a novel]
Phonologies of Asia and Africa : (including the Caucasus). Volume 2
Texts and concordances of the Armenian Adam literature. Vol. 1, Genesis 1-4. Penitence of Adam. Book of Adam
Language in time and space : a Festschrift for Werner Winter on the occasion of his 80th birthday
Armenian (Eastern)
An introduction to the study of classical Armenian
Textual research on the Psalms and Gospels : papers from the Tbilisi Colloquium on the Editing and History of Biblical Manuscripts = Recherches textuelles sur les Psaumes et les Évangiles : actes du colloque de Tbilisi, 19-20 septembre 2007
Studies on the ancient Armenian version of Philo's works
