http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12777 tacit knowledge
tacit knowledge
Strategic knowledge management in multinational organizations
Improving knowledge sharing between regional management and country offices in a global organization
Abstract: Knowledge can be classified in several ways. In this article we analyse two different  forms of knowledge, namely tacit knowledge and explicit knowledge. Tacit knowledge is  located in human persons and it can not be described formally as data or any other form. Tacit  knowledge consists of cognitive maps, beliefs, paradigms and approaches, added with special  skills and experience. Explicit knowledge is public and formal. It can be displayed in agreed,  particular forms.  Our approach is qualitative and we aim to describe the appearance and behaviour of knowledge.  We also aim to analyse the difference between tacit and explicit knowledge that is realised for  example when transferring knowledge between actors in organisations and teams.  Knowledge is created, transferred, stored, retrieved and applied in organisations. Knowledge  can be found in customers, workers, people, products, processes, organisational memories and  relationships between people, not to forget immaterial capital. However, transferring knowledge  in teams or between people is not too much reported. In this article we ask how knowledge can  be recognised, how knowledge should be collected and how knowledge should be transferred in  teams. These questions act as a backbone when we try to find out the nature of knowledge. The  same questions also lead us to understand the nature of tacit knowledge compared with the  nature of explicit knowledge.
Tacit knowledge in organizations
Tacit knowledge in organizational learning
The knowledge-creating company
Invest in experience : expert perspectives on the development of age management in th O.W.L project
Cultural implications of knowledge sharing, management and transfer : identifying competitive advantage
Personal knowledge : towards a post-critical philosophy
Workshop knowledge management 2008 : proceedings
Tacit knowledge in professional practice : researcher and practitioner perspectives
Intra-organizational knowledge transfer in a Finnish multinational company
Imperfect transmissions of tacit knowledge and other barriers to entrepreneusrship
Complex knowledge : studies in organizational epistemology
Imperfect transmission of tacit knowledge and other barriers to entrepreneurahip
Tacit knowledge, transactional learning and contractual arrangement : a transactional analysis of knowledge acquisition in international technology transfer in China
Tacit knowledge transfer in regular internal meetings
The Utilization of Employee Competencies : A comparison between Vamp and Wärtsilä
Human tacit signals at organization performance development
Break areas as enablers of tacit knowledge transfer at office
Tripartition of knowledge in knowledge-intensive services
The interpretation of silent behaviour in intercultural small talk situations
Development of the competence analysis model of Metso Paper Valkeakoski Unit
Orientation and tacit knowledge tranfer during orientation process
Mapping workflows and managing knowledge : capturing formal and tacit knowledge to improve performance
The elements affecting the success of the pilot mentoring project at Siemens Osakeyhtiö
Examining SCRM approach and its role in facilitating tacit knowledge sharing & creation, and exploring its integration effects
The learning challenge of the knowledge economy
Conceptions of knowledge towards a complete, practically applicable concept of knowledge
People, knowledge and technology : what have we learnt so far?
Retirement and knowledge : tacit knowledge transfer to new generations
Traditional knowledge and renewable resource management in northern regions
Practical intelligence in everyday life
Methodology and tacit knowledge : two experiments in econometrics
Developing and managing talent : a blueprint for business survival
Stakeholder stimulation manual : case: ActiveInspire
Roles of non-face-to face- tools in interpersonal level tacit knowledge sharing
Competitive knowledge management
The effects of socio-cultural distance on Sino-Western transfers of tacit managerial knowledge : developing a conceptual framework
Knowledge management practices at small and medium sized Oulu region enterprises
The utilization of diasporas' knowledge in Finland
Tacit knowledge transfer through ICT tools in a multinational organization : case IBM
Tacit knowledge
Exploring learning on the workplace  : Case study of the evaluation and analysis of learning effects, using PLS Basic Training at Daimler as an example.
Improving training of newly hired sales recruits in small and medium-sized enterprises by  integrating knowledge management : case: Unitek Pvt. Ltd
The people business : psychological reflections on management
Tacit knowledge: a negletted source of private law
This article is based on the master's thesis work entitled "An interaction frame-work for deploying the knowledge of diasporas: Using Finland as an example" (Harikkala 2013). The original work contributes to the existing literature on the concepts of diaspora and knowledge by linking the two concepts together in a novel way. Furthermore, the original work links the novel combination to economic benefit. This article has offered a shortened yet equally novel outlook on the concepts. Although this article examines only the situation in Finland more closely, the findings suggest the importance of continued work on the subject both theoretically and in other empirical settings.
Knowledge creation and sharing in an organization  : An empirical analysis of the New Product Development process
Extracting tacit knowledge through a project : case organising a gymnastics event
Quality information and knowledge
The knowing work practice as situational creation of meaning : a study to facilitate the communication of knowledge
This is a book that does what the title says, and is different from most business process mapping information in three key ways. First, it lets users capture all the knowledge that goes into a workflow in any kind of organization, including the most difficult kind of all, the tacit knowledge people bring to the job and carry in their heads. Second, it is simple, powerful, flexible, and easy to learn. Third, it does not require installing, learning, and applying a complicated program (sometimes requiring reorganization to support the software rather than the software supporting the organization). It was developed by the author in a fifteen-year long program of studying, analyzing, and improving avionics maintenance processes for the U.S. Navy and the Royal Canadian Air Force, and then applied to organizations of all kinds ever since, for more than two decades. It has been taught and applied by the author and others in many short courses. It works.
Managing knowledge assets, creativity and innovation
Cross-border knowledge transfer through expatriates
The silenced complexity of architectural design studio tradition : pedagogy, epistemology and the question of power
Tacit and explicit knowledge
Knowledge engineering and management : the commonKADS methodology
Knowledge creation and sharing - challenges and solutions in an organization
A journey into the core of the professional skill sets of small business entrepreneurs : a study based on a review of literature and a DACUM analysis
Michael Polanyi's post-critical epistemology : a reconstruction of some aspects of "tacit knowing"
The tacit dimension
Knowledge creation and sharing in an organization : an empirical analysis of the new product development process
Knowledge sharing between generations in an organisation : retention of the old or building the new?
"Provocative" non-financial measures in knowledge creation
Challenges in transferring the hydropower control centre
The Prospect of Knowledge ‎Creation-Laurea SIDLabs
International marketing in the network economy : a knowledge-based approach
How tacit is tacit knowledge? : Polanyi's theory of knowledge and its application in knowledge management theories
Should the aging employees be utilized as internal coaches in transferring tacit knowledge?
Enabling knowledge creation : how to unlock the mystery of tacit knowledge and release the power of innovation
To speak of the unspoken : tacit knowledge and participation in its interpretation
Knowledge management systems : theory and practice
Phronesis as professional knowledge : practical wisdom in the professions
Organizational learning and knowledge management in contexts
The inquiring organization : tacit knowledge, conversation, and knowledge creation skills for 21st-century organizations
Processes of tacit knowledge transfer : case Borealis Polymers Oy
Fuzzy ontology for knowledge mobilisation and decision support
Imperfect transmission of tacit knowledge and other barriers to entrepreneurship
Automating interaction : formal and informal knowledge in the digital network economy
Accomodation and implementation of mentoring to Finnish Air Force Air Materiel command
How to succeed in knowledge transfer : case study of Scandinavian Alliance in Ukraine
Management of tacit knowledge in a project work context
Implicit and explicit learning of languages
Tacit pedagogical knowing : at the core of teacher's professionality
One of the great management ideas of the last fifteen years has been to make use of the knowledge that an organization has already learned. This book's five-step process, which the author calls Knowledge Jam, shows how to set the direction, foster the correct tone, conduct a knowledge capture event, and integrate this knowledge into the organization. It also introduces conversation practices for participants to effectively co-create knowledge and discover context.
Intellectual capital in a maintenance business : developing tools for training
Summary.
Managing knowledge : an essential reader
Unmanaging : opening up the organization to its own unspoken knowledge
Show your work : the payoffs and how-to's of working out loud
An age management challenge: a study on company knowledge transfer from senior emloyees' to the company's utilization :  research of KPMG Oy Ab
Innovation diffusion in the new economy : the tacit component
Rethinking expertise
Accounting and knowledge creation : the case for "provocative" management accounting
Knowledge management : a state of the art guide : models & tools, strategy, intellectual capital, planning, learning, culture, processes
Sharing hidden know-how : how managers solve thorny problems with the knowledge jam
Knowing work : the social relations of working and knowing
Developing the role of human resource information systems for the activities of good leadership
Knowledge as a part of improving internal communication: a case study Nokia Oyj
