http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1271 wars
wars
Risk : the game of global domination
Alexander the Great : lessons in strategy
The Gun Room
Western Sahara : the roots of a desert war
Birdsong
Participating in Canada's victory : the Finnish community in Canada during World War II
Violence : a modern obsession
Sharpe's fury : Richard Sharpe and the battle of Barrosa, March 1811
Near abroad : Putin, the West and the contest over Ukraine and the Caucasus
The Royal Prerogative redefined : parliamentary debate on the role of the British Parliament in large-scale military deployments, 1982-2003
Crimes committed by totalitarian regimes : crimes and other gross an large scale human rights violations committed during the reign of totalitarian regimes in Europe : cross-national survey of crimes committed and of their remembrance, recognition, redress, and reconciliation : reports and proceedings of the 8 April European hearing on "Crimes committed by totalitarian regimes", organised by the Slovenian Presidency of the Council of the European Union (January-June 2008) and the European Commission
Fallen soldiers : reshaping the memory of the World Wars
The unwilling warlord
The Pax Romana provided a remarkable period of peace and stability, rarely seen before or since. Yet the Romans were first and foremost conquerors, imperialists who took by force a vast empire stretching from the Euphrates in the east to the Atlantic coast in the west. They were aggressive and ruthless, and during the creation of their empire millions died or were enslaved. But the Pax Romana was real, not merely the boast of emperors, and some of the regions in the Empire have never again lived for so many generations free from major wars. So what was the Pax Romana and what did it mean for the people who found themselves brought under Roman rule? Adrian Goldsworthy tells the story of the creation of the Empire, revealing how and why the Romans came to control so much of the world and asking whether the favourable image of the Roman peace is a true one.
The deaths of Tao
The night watch
The Queen of the Tearling
Power politics and oil as determinants of transition : The  case of Azerbaijan
"From a distance, Michael and Joleen Zarkades seem to have it all: a solid marriage, two exciting careers, and children they adore. But after twelve years together, the couple has lost their way; they are unhappy and edging toward divorce. Then the Iraq war starts. An unexpected deployment will tear their already fragile family apart, sending one of them deep into harm's way and leaving the other at home, waiting for news. When the worst happens, each must face their darkest fear and fight for the future of their family. An intimate look at the inner landscape of a disintegrating marriage and a dramatic exploration of the price of war on a single American family, HOME FRONT is a provocative and timely portrait of hope, honor, loss, forgiveness, and the elusive nature of love"--
Sharpe's enemy : Richard Sharpe and the defense of Portugal, Christmas 1812
The Japanese General Staff and the issue of concerted anti-government action in the Russian Empire, 1904-5
What would be the character of a new war?
The bloody tournament to determine the new empress of the intergalactic empire may be over, but for exiled princess Kayla Reinumon, the battle is just beginning. To free her home planet from occupation, Kayla must infiltrate the highest reaches of imperial power. But when a deadly nanovirus threatens to ravage the empire, it will take more than diplomacy to protect her homeworld from all-out war.
The finale to the New York Times bestselling Tearling trilogy, in which Kelsea is imprisoned by the Red Queen and her guard must find a way to set her free.
Lord of the silver bow
Slaughter-house five
Crisis and conflict in Nigeria : a documentary sourcebook 1966-1970. Vol. 2, July 1967 - January 1970
East of West. [4]
The Finnish Army during the war 1941-45 : some results of social research
House of chains
Flashpoints : the emerging crisis in Europe
British plots against Afghanistan : pages from history
The way to war indemnities in kind
The girl with no name
Christmas at Twilight
The last of the mohicans
Fort of Jungfruskär 1939 - 1999.
White death
It is the aftermath of civil war in the vast pageant of planets and stars known as The Spin. Three years since he crushed the rebellion, Viklun Haas, industrialist and leader of the Hegemony, is eliminating all remnants of the opposition. Starting with his own daughter. But Fleare Haas, fighter for Society Otherwise has had a long time to plan her next move. Sprung from her remote monastery prison and reuniting with a team of loyal friends, Fleare's journey will take her across The Spin to the cluster of fallen planets known as the The Catastrophy Curve - and from exile, to the very frontiers of war. Meanwhile, in the brutal and despotic empire of The Fortunate, word is reaching viceroy Alameche of a most unusual piece of plunder from their latest invasion. For hundreds of millions of years, the bizarre planets and stars of The Spin itself have been the only testament to the god-like engineers that created it. Now, buried in the earth of a ruined planet, one of their machines has been found...
"Most accounts of Syria's brutal, long-lasting civil war focus on a domestic contest that began in 2011 and only later drew foreign nations into the escalating violence. Christopher Phillips argues instead that the international dimension was never secondary but that Syria's war was, from the very start, profoundly influenced by regional factors, particularly the vacuum created by a perceived decline of U.S. power in the Middle East. This precipitated a new regional order in which six external protagonists--the United States, Russia, Iran, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, and Qatar--have violently competed for influence, with Syria a key battleground. Drawing on a plethora of original interviews, Phillips constructs a new narrative of Syria's war. Without absolving the brutal Bashar al-Assad regime, the author untangles the key external factors which explain the acceleration and endurance of the conflict, including the West's strategy against ISIS. He concludes with some insights on Syria and the region's future"--
The lives of Tao
Fall of light
Toll the hounds
Pity the nation : Lebanon at war
The seven deadly sins. 7
The autumn republic
Following the intrigue and danger of The Winner's Curse and the revolution and romance of The Winner's Crime, Kestrel finds herself in the tundra's mines and Arin has sailed home. The empire seems unstoppable. Lies will come undone, and Kestrel and Arin will learn just how much their crimes will cost them in this third and final installment in the heart-stopping Winner's trilogy.
Star wars legends epic collection. The empire. Volume 1
Summary.
Killing the Bismarck : destroying the pride of Hitler's fleet
Dark invasion : the secret war against the Kaiser's spies
Afghanistan from the cold war through the war on terror
Can the art of warfare be systematised?
The causes and prevention of war
Sexual abuse survivors and the complex of traditional healing : (G)local prospects in the aftermath of an African war
Crisis and conflict in Nigeria : a documentary sourcebook 1966-1970. Vol. 1, January 1966 - July 1967
Enhancement of national collaboration between defence establishment and industry by systems approach
The day gone by : an autobiography
Schindler's List and genocides
Sharpe's havoc : Richard Sharpe and the campaign in northern Portugal, spring 1809
Globalising resistance against war? : a critical analysis of a theoretical debate in the context of the British anti-war movement
Not another Transnistria : how sustainable is separatism in Eastern Ukraine?
Military propaganda : psychological warfare and operations
The American way of remote air warfare
Prostitution and the war
One bullet away : the making of a Marine officer
From military to civilian rule
Honor among thieves
Responding to trauma : handbook based on experiences of Afghan refugee women living in Finland
Reaper's gale
Global war - local views : media images of the Iraq war
Europe and war in the Balkans : towards a new Yugoslav identity
Report of the International Commission to Inquire into the Causes and Conduct of the Balkan Wars
Shield of thunder
The last colony
The genesis of the Nigerian civil war and the theory of fear
Unbroken : a World War II story of survival, resilience, and redemption
The rebirths of Tao
The second world war and and epilogue on the years 1945-1957
Telling absence : war widows, loss and memory
Web of love
The seven deadly sins. 8
Croatia : a nation forged in war
American vampire. Volume three
The 2nd edition of Encyclopedia of Violence, Peace and Conflict provides timely and useful information about antagonism and reconciliation in all contexts of public and personal life. Building on the highly-regarded 1st edition (1999), and publishing at a time of seemingly inexorably increasing conflict and violent behaviour the world over, the Encyclopedia is an essential reference for students and scholars working in the field of peace and conflict resolution studies, and for those seeking to explore alternatives to violence and share visions and strategies for social justice and social change. Covering topics as diverse as Arms Control, Peace Movements, Child Abuse, Folklore, Terrorism and Political Assassinations, the Encyclopedia comprehensively addresses an extensive information area in 225 multi-disciplinary, cross-referenced and authoritatively authored articles. In his Preface to the 1st edition, Editor-in-Chief Lester Kurtz wrote: "The problem of violence poses such a monumental challenge at the end of the 20th century that it is surprising we have addressed it so inadequately. We have not made much progress in learning how to cooperate with one another more effectively or how to conduct our conflicts more peacefully. Instead, we have increased the lethality of our combat through revolutions in weapons technology and military training. The Encyclopedia of Violence, Peace, and Conflict is designed to help us to take stock of our knowledge concerning these crucial phenomena." Ten years on, the need for an authoritative and cross-disciplinary approach to the great issues of violence and peace seems greater than ever.
Iron wolf
The mirror empire
Creation machine : a novel of the Spin
Catch-22
The blitz : a very peculiar history : with no added doodlebugs
World war Z : an oral history of the zombie war
Why nations go to war
A central figure in both classical and ancient near Eastern fields, Trevor Bryce presents the first publication to focus on Troy's neighbours and contemporaries as much as Troy itself. With the help of maps, charts and photographs, he unearths the secrets of this iconic ancient city. Beginning with an account of Troy's involvement in The Iliad and the question of the historicity of the Trojan War, Trevor Bryce reveals how the recently discovered Hittite texts illuminate this question which has fascinated scholars and travellers since the Renaissance. Encompassing the very latest research, the city and its inhabitants are placed in historical context - and with its neighbours and contemporaries - to form a complete and vivid view of life within the Trojan walls and beyond from its beginning in c.3000 BC to its decline and obscurity in the Byzantine period. Documented here are the archaeological watershed discoveries from the Victorian era to the present that reveal, through Troy's nine levels, the story of a metropolis punctuated by signs of economic prosperity, natural disaster, public revolt and war.
The Docklands girls
War and peace in the ancient world
Baron Mannerheim's Description of the Local Troops of Lanchow
The Vietnam war : a concise international history
A seventeen-year-old colonist stranded on a deadly pioneer world recounts how she became a pawn in a dangerous interstellar confrontation during which she was forced to use her wits and make terrible sacrifices in order to save the human race.
The Trojans and their neighbours
Sharpe's honour : Richard Sharpe and the Vitoria campaign February to June, 1813
Threads of ambition
The winner's kiss
Fog of Falsehood: Russian Strategy of Deception and the Conflict in Ukraine
Days without end
The shoemaker's wife : a novel
The invasion of the tearling
Malicious intent
East of West. [3]
East of West. [5]
The sundering
Lovers at the Chameleon Club, Paris 1932 : a novel
The mark of Athena
Towards the flame : empire, war and the end of Tsarist Russia
The battle for Syria : international rivalry in the new Middle East
War and the ivory tower : Algeria and Vietnam
The Indochina war in 1972 : reports presented to the Third Session of the International Commission of Enquiry into U.S. Crimes in Indochina October 10-16, 1972.
The shadow hour
Emma's War
New model army
The sword and the scimitar
Darkness follows
The seven deadly sins. 3
Sharpe's revenge  : Richard Sharpe and the peace of 1814
The tide watchers : a novel
Cloak of war
The human division
The silent army
The high ground
Warspite
Legal controls of international conflict : a treatise on the dynamics of disputes- and war-law
A fighting chance : a legion of the damned novel
Sharpe's sword : Richard Sharpe and the Salamanca Campaign, June and July 1812
"Combining the pulsating drive of Showtime's Homeland with the fascinating historical detail of such of narrative nonfiction bestsellers as Double Cross and In the Garden of Beasts, Dark Invasion is Howard Blum's gritty, high-energy true-life tale of German espionage and terror on American soil during World War I, and the NYPD Inspector who helped uncover the plot--the basis for the film to be produced by and starring Bradley Cooper. When a "neutral" United States becomes a trading partner for the Allies early in World War I, the Germans implement a secret plan to strike back. A team of saboteurs--including an expert on germ warfare, a Harvard professor, and a brilliant, debonair spymaster--devise a series of "mysterious accidents" using explosives and biological weapons, to bring down vital targets such as ships, factories, livestock, and even captains of industry like J.P. Morgan. New York Police Inspector Tom Tunney, head of the department's Bomb Squad, is assigned the difficult mission of stopping them. Assembling a team of loyal operatives, the cunning Irish cop hunts for the conspirators among a population of more than eight million Germans. But the deeper he finds himself in this labyrinth of deception, the more Tunney realizes that the enemy's plan is far more complex and more dangerous than he suspected.Full of drama and intensity, illustrated with eight pages of black and-white photos, Dark Invasion is riveting war thriller that chillingly echoes our own time"--
The lost hero
The British intervention in South Russia 1918-1920
Youngblood
The seven deadly sins. 9
Star wars legends epic collection. The new republic. Volume 1
The fate of the Tearling : a novel
The redbreast
The evolution of nuclear strategy
Thinking about the unthinkable
The seven deadly sins. 4
Killer of men
Blood of tyrants
Mercenaries : soldiers of fortune
Transformers : war for Cybertron decepticons : Nintendo DS
The civil war in Spain
The godless
The emperor's digital clothes : cyberwar and the application of classical theories of war
Amity is a teen pilot, battling in one-on-one combat to maintain peace in a world where war has been replaced by dogfights. But when Amity discovers the organisation she works for is corrupt, she begins to question everything. In this society of double agents, suspicion and betrayal, nobody is quite what they seem...including Amity's first love.
The seven deadly sins. 2
Welcome to Harmony Five - a secure prison camp where the rebellious and the Discordant are broken. Amity is their newest inmate. The rules are simple here - obedience or death. Anyone caught trying to escape is executed. But former Peacefighter, Ingo, is prepared to risk everything for freedom. And in a world this dark, what has Amity got to lose?
League of dragons
The praxis
Wellington's Peninsular army
Little red lies
East of West. [6]
Starfire
Gardner's photographic sketch book of the civil war
When Exether Mega, a young military pilot caught up in an interplanetary conflict between humans and Krommiuns, crashes after a deadly dogfight, she begins a perilous journey across enemy lines. Mega soon discovers she's at the center of a complex, secret experiment to create a weapon of unimaginable power. As further clues to her role identity, and destiny are revealed, sinister forces ramp up their efforts to capture and use her "Fourth Power," in a relentless pursuit across worlds filled with deadly technological and organic beasts.
When the state falls : studies on intervention in the Sierra Leone civil war
Chechnya : calamity in the Caucasus
When the Empire falls, a New Republic rises! After the events of Return of the the Jedi, Emperor Palpatine is dead--but can his faithful Hand, Mara Jade, complete her final mission of revenge? Replica droid assassin Guri has also lost her master...but as she struggles for humanity, her android brain makes her a target! When rivals clash over the late Jabba the Hutt's criminal empire, the Bloated one makes a surprising appearance! And a mysterious doppelganger is asking for trouble impersonating everyone's favorite bounty hunter--it's Boba Fett vs. Boba Fett!
The other's war : recognition and the violence of ethics
The causes of world war three
Marching to glory : Six of the best Commando army comic books ever!
The uninvited : a novel
When ordinary men do evil : lessons from My Lai and beyond
"On her nineteenth birthday, Princess Kelsea Raleigh Glynn, raised in exile, sets out on a perilous journey back to the castle of her birth to ascend her rightful throne. Plain and serious, a girl who loves books and learning, Kelsea bears little resemblance to her mother, the vain and frivolous Queen Elyssa. But though she may be inexperienced and sheltered, Kelsea is not defenseless: Around her neck hangs the Tearling sapphire, a jewel of immense magical power; and accompanying her is the Queen's Guard, a cadre of brave knights led by the enigmatic and dedicated Lazarus. Kelsea will need them all to survive a cabal of enemies who will use every weapon--from crimson-caped assassins to the darkest blood magic--to prevent her from wearing the crown."-- Coming out of exile to ascend her rightful throne, Princess Kelsea Raleigh Glynn, with a cadre of soldiers and the magical Tearling sapphire to protect her, makes a daring decision that evokes the wrath of the evil Red Queen.
The misenchanted sword
Brothers at war : making sense of the Eritrean-Ethiopian war
Elementary education and children's lives during the Second World War in Finland
Contested Historical and Geographical Narratives: Succession disputes, contested land ownership and religious conflicts in Northern Ghana
The fourth power
Sharpe's company : Richard Sharpe and the Siege of Badajoz, January to April 1812
The aeronaut's windlass
The cathedral of known things
Star wars legends epic collection. The empire. Volume 2
Who is responsible? : war crimes in Chechnya
Rhytm and tempo of warfare - a comparative reading of a samurai classic and Nato planning guidelines
The seven deadly sins. 1
The Finnish revolution : a self-criticism
Home front : a novel
Old man's war
The fragility of goodness : [column]
Sharpe's battle: Richard Sharpe and the Battle of Fuentes de Oñoro, May 1811
Fall of kings
The war of the worlds
Stands a shadow
H.M.S. London
Hero : the life and legend of Lawrence of Arabia
Twilight
"I counted them all out and I counted them all back" : the battle for the Falklands
Take back the sky
The lost history of 1914 : how the Great War was not inevitable
Naval strategies in the Black Sea region
Encyclopedia of Violence, Peace, & Conflict
Peace without honour
Internal war and the search for normative order
"In its efforts to assist post-conflict societies in africa the international aid community has acitvely promoted projects of psycho-social healing among people traumatized during wars and violent conflict. To a large degree these projects have been established in the tradtion of Western psychology. More recently, however, it has been realized in order to help survivors of war effectivley it is necessary to adapt projects and enhance "local" psycho-social healing. This policy report locates the structures - with local legitimacy - that are available to young people who experienced sexual abuse during the Sierra Leone civil war (1991-2002). To this end, this booklet discusses a healing complex that comprises a number of overlapping actors, including herbalists, Zoe Mammies (heads of the female secret societies), Mori-men (Muslim healers); Karamokos (Muslim teachers) and Christian pastors." --Publisher's description.
The great war
The winged histories
Helmand to the Himalayas : one soldier's inspirational journey
HISTORICALLY THEMED CHESS GAME
Blackwood : a hexed story
Pax Romana : war, peace and conquest in the Roman world
On a September day in Manhattan in 1939, twenty-something Caroline Ferriday is consumed by her efforts to secure the perfect boutonniere for an important French diplomat and resisting the romantic advances of a married actor. Meanwhile across the Atlantic, Kasia Kuzmerick, a Polish Catholic teenager, is nervously anticipating the changes that are sure to come since Germany has declared war on Poland. As tensions rise abroad - and in her personal life - Caroline's interest in aiding the war effort in France grows and she eventually comes to hear about the dire situation at the Ravensbruck all-female concentration camp. At the same time, Kasia's carefree youth is quickly slipping away, only to be replaced by a fervor for the Polish resistance movement. Through Ravensbruck - and the horrific atrocities taking place there told in part by an infamous German surgeon, Herta Oberheuser - the two women's lives will converge in unprecedented ways and a novel of redemption and hope emerges that is breathtaking in scope and depth.
Churchill and Malta's war 1939-1943
Every war must end
EU civilian crisis management : the record so far
Disaster capitalism : making a killing out of catastrophe
The end of all things
Azerbaijan is a post-socialist transition country affected by regional tensions similar to those found in Armenia, Georgia, Tajikistan, Macedonia and Croatia.This article examines the historical background of a specific source of tensions, namely the Nagorno-Karabakh issue, its legacies and significance for the economic transition of Azerbaijan.The Azerbijani economy has been among those to suffer most after the demise of the Soviet Union. These legacies underlie Azerbaijan's current situation whereby macroeconomic policies and structural reforms are driven by developments in exploration and exploitation of the Caspian hydrocarbon resources.The author finds evidence that economic and commercial cooperation can reduce political risks and discourage nationalistic power politics both in domestic and international contexts.  A firm and continuing commitment by the Azerbaijani government to pursue the process of economic transition combined with peace and stability in the region is necessary for the progress of transition.The rate of reform appears to be critical for the transition process in Azerbaijan and the Caucasus generally.Rapid economic growth fuelled by the expected influx of oil revenues could find Azerbaijan ill prepared to lock in the quality and sustainability of such economic growth.Subsequent papers in this series will deal with the implications for economic development, process of transition, structural reforms in Azerbaijan.**  The historical analysis brings up some interesting parallelisms with the ones seen in the recent Balkan crisis.  Keywords: Azerbaijan, oil, international organizations, transition economies .
Emperor's daughter Mercedes is the first woman ever admitted to the High Ground, the elite training academy of the Solar League's Star Command, and she must graduate if she is to have any hope of taking the throne. Her classmate Tracy has more modest goals - to rise to the rank of captain, and win fame and honor. But a civil war is coming and the political machinations of those who yearn for power threatens the young cadets. In a time of intrigue and alien invasion, they will be tested as they never thought possible.
Sharpe's gold : Richard Sharpe and the destruction of Almeida, August 1810
Lotus eaters
Syria from afar : how journalists in Finland and Germany cover the first YouTube war
It's not easy being a half-human, half-angel nephilim with a bad rep and a worse attitude who also has to learn to be human again after 11 years in Hell and a brief stint as Lucifer (yep). But that's the least of James Stark/Sandman Slim's worries. For the old gods, the Angra Om Ya, are poised to invade. LA is descending into chaos. And the Wildfire Ripper is stalking the city. No ordinary killer, he takes Stark deep into a conspiracy that stretches from Earth, to Heaven and Hell. The Ripper might be only person alive who knows how to save the world, but he's also Stark's worst enemy, the only man in existence Stark would happily kill twice.
Cries for peace : experiences of Japanese victims of World War II
Following the events of THE LAST COLONY, John Scalzi tells the story of the fight to maintain the unity of the human race. Now the CU's secrets are known to all. Other alien races have come on the scene and formed a new alliance - an alliance against the Colonial Union. And they've invited the people of Earth to join them. For a shaken and betrayed Earth, the choice isn't obvious or easy.
This thesis concerns feminist sociological analysis of war loss and its consequences as experienced and told by Finnish Karelian war widows of World War 2. They lost their partners and had to leave their homes by force, when Karelia was evacuated twice in 1939\1944. Over 400,000 refugees from this ceded South-Eastern area were permanently resettled elsewhere in Finland. Finnish war widows\2019 telling of history has been missing from academic research, for this the subject has not been investigated prior to this present work. The research material the thesis reports on was gathered in interviews with five Karelian war widows, through examining Karelian life stories in the Finnish Literature Society\2019s Folklore Archive, and also researching war widows\2019 assistance pension letters in the State Treasury.
Gypsies on the roads of war
A history of warfare
Childhood in the shadow of war : filled with work and play
Arms control : issues for the public
Our fate is in their hands...The Colonial Union's Defence Force was formed to save humanity when aggressive alien species targeted our worlds. Now Lieutenant Harry Wilson has an urgent new mission, as a hostile universe becomes ever more dangerous. He must investigate a sinister group, which lurks in the darkness of space playing different factions against one another. They'll target both humans and aliens, and their motives are unfathomable. The Defence Force itself is weakening as its soldiers fall - without recruits to replace them. Relations with Earth have broken down and it will send no more troops, even as human colonies become increasingly vulnerable to alien attack. Lieutenant Wilson and Colonial Union diplomats must race to keep the peace, seek reconciliation with an enraged Earth, and maintain humanity's unity at all costs. If they don't, it will mean oblivion, extinction and the end of all things.
The killing fields
The getaway god
Indo-China : signposts in the storm
The seven deadly sins. 5
The ghost brigades
Britain, Portugal and South America in the Napoleonic Wars : Alliances and Diplomacy in Economic Maritime Conflict
