http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12716 music manuscripts
music manuscripts
The thematic catalogue of the musical works of Johann Pachelbel
Musical autographs from Monteverdi to Hindemith. Volume 2
Medieval music in practice : studies in honor of Richard Crocker
Marks of genius : masterpieces from the collections of the Bodleian Libraries
Purcell manuscripts : the principal musical sources
Music : early books, manuscripts, portraits and autographs
A comparative study of chant melodies from fragments of the lost Nidaros antiphoner
Jean Sibelius : käsikirjoituksia : oy R. E. Westerlund ab:n arkistosta = manuskript : från arkivet hos oy R. E. Westerlund ab = manuscripts : from the archives of oy R. E. Westerlund ab
Gregoriana Fennica: the memory of bishop Henry lives on
Karelian kantele improvisation in the light of the 19th century manuscripts
A handbook to twentieth-century musical sketches
Catalogue of medieval manuscript fragments in the Helsinki University Library : fragmenta membranea. 4, Antiphonaria 2 : Plates
Hispania Vetus : musical-liturgical manuscripts from Visigothic origins to the Franco-Roman transition (9th-12th centuries)
Catalogue of medieval manuscript fragments in the Helsinki University Library : fragmenta membranea. 4 : Antiphonaria 1 : text
Catalogue of manuscript music in the British Museum
The music of Gustav Holst, 3rd rev. edition, and Holst's music reconsidered
Musical autographs from Monteverdi to Hindemith. Volume 1
Songs, scribes, and society : the history and reception of the Loire Valley chansonniers
Settling new scores : music manuscripts from the Paul Sacher Foundation : Dokumentation der Ausstellung in der Pierpont Morgan Library in New York
Anton Cajetan Adlgasser (1729-1777) : a thematic catalogue of his works
A history of the baryton and its music : king of instruments, instrument of kings
The Jean Sibelius musical manuscripts at Helsinki University Library : a complete catalogue = Die Musikhandschriften von Jean Sibelius in der Universitätsbibliothek Helsinki : ein vollständiges Verzeichnis
Verte citissime : on turning pages and registration in Matthias Weckmann's organ music
Tartini : his life and times
British harpsichord music. Volume 1, Sources
Seventeenth-century British keyboard sources
The sounds and sights of performance in early music : essays in honour of Timothy J. McGee
The Beethoven sketchbooks : history, reconstruction, inventory
Music of the Venetian ospedali composers : a thematic catalogue
Jean Sibelius's works for mixed choir : a source study
Elliott Carter : a centennial portrait in letters and documents
Aarteet = Skatter = Treasures
Catalogue of medieval manuscript fragments in the Helsinki University Library : Fragmenta membranea. 4:1, Antiphonaria : text
Courtly love songs of medieval France : transmission and style in the trouvère repertoire
Johann Waṅhal, Viennese symphonist : his life and his musical environment
A Fairy Tale, Op. 7 N:o 3
Making musicals : an informal introduction to the world of musical theatre
Dead love, Op. 4 N:o 1
A descriptive catalogue of the musical manuscript collection of the National Library of Greece : Byzantine chant and other music repertory recovered
A comparative study of the printed score and the manuscript of the seventh symphony of Sibelius
Krzysztof Penderecki - itinerarium : wystawa szkiców muzycznych : [Kraków, 18.9.1998-04.10.1998] : [katalog] = Exhibition of musical sketches : [catalogue]
The calligraphy of medieval music
Musical manuscripts from the researcher's and composer's point of view
Fragmenta membranea IV : inventory of sources of medieval Latin chant in Finland
Quomodo cantabimus canticum? : studies in honor of Edward H. Roesner
The Archive of the Sing-Akademie zu Berlin : catalogue = Das Archiv der Sing-Akademie zu Berlin : Katalog
With the Archive of the Sing-Akademie zu Berlin Catalogue a complete catalogue of the music archive of the Sing-Akademie zu Berlin is now available for the first time since the archive, which disappeared during World War II, was rediscovered in 1999. Since 2001 the more than 260,000 pages of music manuscripts, copies and first prints (from 17th to early 19th cent.) were revised by two musicologists which compiled an index of shelf marks and an index of composers. Thus detailed searches in the holdings of the archive (which were filmed since 2002 in severeal parts on microfiche at K. G. Saur) are possible for the first time. The Catalogue lists 9,735 works of 1,008 different composers. It provides also a concordance signature - microfiche and therefore serves as a cumulated guide to the microfiche editions, all the more the registers have been revised and improved. The unique collection is introduced by a number of articles by musicologists Axel Fischer, Christoph Henzel, Klaus Hortschansky, Matthias Kornemann, Ulrich Leisinger, Mary Oleskiewicz, Ralph-J. Reipsch, and Tobias Schwinger.
The creative world of Beethoven
Manuscripts of polyphonic music. [1], 11th-early 14th century
The Helsinki University Library collection of Sibelius manuscripts
A comparative study of the printed score & the manuscript of the 7th symphony of Sibelius
The repudiation of carnality : four essays about women and music
A catalogue of Handel's musical autographs
Mozart : letters and manuscripts
The dissemination of music : studies in the history of music publishing
On the publishing and dissemination of music, 1500-1850
