http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12789 African Americans
African Americans
The Negro people in American history
Beyond black and white : from civil rights to Barack Obama
12 million black voices : text by Richard Wright
Black Metropolis : a study of negro life in a northern city
Another Brooklyn : a novel
Race music : black cultures from bebop to hip-hop
Afro-American folktales : stories from black traditions in the New World
African-American proverbs in context
Talking back : thinking feminist, thinking black
The essence of Afro-Cuban percussion and drum set : includes the rhythm section parts for bass, piano, guitar, horns & strings : rhythms, songstyles, techniques, applications
The corner : a year in the life of an inner-city neighbourhood
Land of shadows
The uncompleted past
A free state : a novel
Blood at the root : a racial cleansing in America
Afro-American folk culture : an annotated bibliography of materials from North, Central and South America and the West Indies. Part 1, North America
The Negro revolt
Narrative of the life of Frederick Douglass : an American slave
Afrotopia : the roots of African American popular history
African American viewers and the black situation comedy : situating racial humor
Becoming American under fire : Irish Americans, African Americans, and the politics of citizenship during the civil war era
Black feminist thought : knowledge, consciousness, and the politics of empowerment
The Supremes at Earl's all-you-can-eat
Blues music in the sixties : a story in black and white
Grant Fuhr : the story of a hockey legend
From plantation to ghetto : an interpretive history of American negroes
An endeavor by Harlem dancers to achieve equality : the recognition of the Harlem-based African-American jazz dance between 1921 and 1943
We will be satisfied with nothing less : the African strggle for equal rights in the north during reconstruction
Belonging : a culture of place
Echoes of Africa in folk songs of the Americas
Ten Afro-American quilters : featuring Mozell Benson, Arester Earl, Johanna Pettway, Martha Jane Pettway, Plummer Pettway, Susie Ponds, Pearlie Posey, Sarah Mary Taylor, Lucinda Toomer, Pecolia Warner
The crisis of the Negro intellectual
In this remarkably objective and informed report the award-winning author and journalist Louis E. Lomax takes a searching new look at American history-from the early seventeenth century up to the present-as he traces some three hundred years of struggle, during which the American Negro has sought to attain full freedom.
Between two worlds : black students in an urban community college
Labor of love, labor of sorrow : black women, work, and the family from slavery to the present
Honoring the ancestors : an African cultural interpretation of black religion and literature
Black literature : essays
Hope in a ballet shoe
After redemption : Jim Crow and the transformation of African American religion in the Delta, 1875-1915
In childhood, bell hooks was taught that "talking back" meant speaking as an equal to an authority figure and daring to disagree and/or have an opinion. In this collection of personal and theoretical essays, hooks reflects on her signature issues of racism and feminism, politics and pedagogy. Among her discoveries is that moving from silence into speech is for the oppressed, the colonized, the exploited, and those who stand and struggle side by side, a gesture of defiance that heals, making new life and new growth possible.
Black magic : religion and the African American conjuring tradition
Elijah of Buxton
The black Muslims in America
A history of Afro-American literature. Vol. 1, The long beginning, 1746-1895
The American negro : a study of racial crossing
Nella Larsen, novelist of the Harlem renaissance : a woman's life unveiled
Message, meaning, and lessons in hip hop : "lessons are blessings you should learn through"
The boy in the black suit
My soul is my own : oral narratives of African American women in the professions
Nat Turner
Breaking bread : insurgent black intellectual life
The house of discarded dreams
Dictionary of Afro-Latin American civilization
Martin Luther King, Jr. : the last interview and other conversations
The bluest eye
Dreams from my father : a story of race and inheritance
The Negro novel in America
Mules and men
The sleeper wakes : Harlem renaissance stories by women
Go tell it on the mountain
The midwife of Hope River : a novel
My people are rising : memoir of a Black panther party captain
African American history. Vol. 3, Scott v. Sandford - Yarbrough, Ex parte. Appendices, Indexex
Theorizing black feminisms : the visionary pragmatism of black women
The myth of the negro past
The state of black America 1994
I see the promised land : A life of Martin Luther King Jr
Street wise : race, class and change in an urban community
Love is the drug
Music of the common tongue : survival and celebration in African American music
The twelve tribes of Hattie
African folklore in the New World
Our black skin is the problem. Our skin is the target. We could be doing nothing, yet they will say we do everything : distancing and solidarity via metaphors and metonymy in a critical discourse analysis of #blacklivesmatter Twitter discourse
African American history. Vol. 1, Abolition - Fugitive Slave Law of 1793
Martin's big words : the life of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr
The reaper : autobiography of one of the deadliest Special Ops snipers
The expendable man
Do the right thing - kuuma päivä
The correspondence of W. E. B. Du Bois. Vol. 1, Selections, 1877-1934
Mother wit from the laughing barrel : readings in the interpretation of afro-american folklore
Acclaimed author Attica Locke reintroduces us to environmental lawyer Jay Porter (her Black Water Rising protagonist), who takes one last case on the behalf of the community of Pleasantville in this new thriller--only to become embroiled in its shadowy politics, a disturbing education in how far those in power are willing to go to win.
Black women novelists and the nationalist aesthetic
You can't touch my hair and other things I still have to explain
A companion to African-American studies
Between the world and me
The black American : a documentary history
Transforming pain to power : unlock your unlimited potential
The Gilda stories
In daddy's arms I am tall : African Americans celebrating fathers
Black Lightning. Year one
Bluesman. book three
Black American cinema
Blonde Faith
The negro novel in America
The ex-wife
Reflecting black : African-American cultural criticism
Getting to happy
CrossRoutes - the meanings of "race" for the 21st century
"My Soul is My Own" presents the lives of early 20th-century African-American women in a unique context - their own words. The women themselves are as extraordinary as the language they use to describe their experiences within their families, in the university and subsequently in the work force at a time when academic and professional institutions rejected both women and African-Americans explicitly on the basis of gender and race. Gwendolyn Etter-Lewis, a linguist who specializes in African-American women's spoken and written narratives, offers a multidisciplinary approach to understanding the complex lives of African-American women who dared to cross the threshold of white and dominant professions. Etter-Lewis takes exception to "tradition" and challenges long-held assumptions about the study and interpretation of African-American women's lives and speech patterns. With this multidisciplinary approach, she simultaneously offers an informative and thought-provoking analysis of the content and structure of the narrative texts.
Quicksand & Passing
To kill a mockingbird
The autobiography of Malcolm X
Sounds like London : 100 years of black music in the capital
The black dancing body : a geography from coon to cool
Beale Street dynasty : sex, song, and the struggle for the soul of Memphis
The audacity of hope : thoughts on reclaiming the American dream
This novel is set in 1855, when Blackface minstrelsy is the most popular form of entertainment in a nation about to be torn apart by the battle over slavery.  Henry Sims, a fugitive slave and a brilliant musician, has escaped to Philadelphia.  He befriends James Douglass, leader of the Virginia Harmonists, a minstrel troup.  A Free State is both a riveting chase novel and a searing parable of liberty and its costs.  Charged with narrative tension and unforgettable characters, it is a thrilling work by a novelist at the height of his powers / Library of Congress.
African-American English : structure, history, and use
Redefining realness : my path to womanhood, identity, love & so much more
Beyond blackface : African Americans and the creation of American popular culture 1890-1930
Two centuries of black American art
Hidden figures : the American dream and the untold story of the Black women mathematicians who helped win the space race
The Negro in the United States : a research guide
Jazz research and the moments of change
The underground railroad : a novel
Deep down in the jungle... : Negro narrative folklore from the streets of Philadelphia
"A gripping tale of racial cleansing in Forsyth County, Georgia and ... testament to the deep roots of racial violence in America ... Patrick Phillips breaks the century-long silence of his hometown and uncovers a history of racial terrorism that continues to shape America in the twenty-first century."
Skies of ash
Mom and me and mom
My soul is rested : movement days in the Deep South remembered
African American history. Vol. 2, Fugitive Slave Law of 1850 - Science and technology
Spirits, blood, and drums : the Orisha religion in Trinidad
The midwife of Hope River
"As "As the Black Lives Matter movement gains momentum, and books like Ta-Nehisi Coates's Between the World and Me and Claudia Rankine's Citizen swing national attention toward the racism and violence that continue to poison our communities, it's as urgent now as ever to celebrate Martin Luther King, Jr., whose insistence on equality and peace defined the Civil Rights Movement and forever changed the course of American history. This collection ranges from an early 1961 interview in which King describes his reasons for joining the ministry (after considering medicine), to a 1964 conversation with Robert Penn Warren, to his last interview, which was conducted on stage at the convention of the Rabbinical Assembly, just ten days before King's assassination. Timely, poignant, and inspiring, Martin Luther King, Jr.: the last interview is an essential addition to the Last Interview series"--
Black americans and organized labor : a new history
Upsetting the apple cart : Black-Latino coalitions in New York City from protest to public office
Life on Mars : poems
Old ship of Zion : the Afro-Baptist ritual in the African diaspora
Quest for equality
Black English vernacular and the language defidiency hypothesis : a perspective on language in edition
African American art and artists
High contrast : race and gender in contemporary Hollywood film
The Black Worker : Race, Labor and Civil Rights since Emancipation
The crossover
Breakthrough on the color front
Our children can soar : a celebration of Rosa, Barack, and the pioneers of change
Changing our own words : essays on criticism, theory, and writing by black women
Bluesman : a twelve bar graphic novel
The Negro almanac
In search of Bisco
Black dynasty : the saga of the Stone and Porter families of Kentucky as told to Geoffrey Hindley by Loretta Stone
Nigger : an autobiography
Army life in a Black Regiment
The astonishing life of Octavian Nothing traitor to the nation. Volume II :  The kingdom of the waves
Torn between the fantasies of her youth and the realities of a life marked by violence and abandonment, August reunites with a beloved old friend who challenges her to reconcile her past and come to terms with the difficulties that forced her to grow up too quickly.
The complete stories
Hidden figures : the untold story of the African-American women who helped win the Space Race
Introduction to African American studies : transdisciplinary approaches and implications
Negro folktales in Michigan
"I have a dream" : a material package on African American history and culture with a focus on communicative competence
The sacrifice
Rose Gold
The negro in America : the condensed version of Gunnar Myrdal's An American dilemma
The Afro-Brazilian touch : The meaning of its artistic and historic contribution
Social work with people of african descent : A bibliography with annotations
The slave's narrative
Brown girl dreaming
Afro-American folk culture : an annotated bibliography of materials from North, Central and South America and the West Indies. Part 2, The West Indies, Central and South America
Beyond ontological blackness : an essay on African American religious and cultural criticism
In search of a postcategorical utopia : James Baldwin and the politics of 'race' and sexuality
Race, Work, and Family in the Lives of African Americans
Black reconstruction in America
African American literature
Afrofuturism : the world of black sci-fi and fantasy culture
Bluesman : a twelve bar graphic narrative in the key of life and death. book one
Extending the inquiry of his early groundbreaking books, Christopher Small strikes at the heart of traditional studies of Western music by asserting that music is not a thing, but rather an activity. This new work outlines a theory of what Small terms "musicking," a verb that encompasses all musical activity from composing to performing to listening to a Walkman to singing in the shower. Using Gregory Bateson's philosophy of mind and a Geertzian thick description of a typical concert in a typical symphony hall, Small demonstrates how musicking forms a ritual through which all the participants explore and celebrate the relationships that constitute their social identity. This trip through the concert hall will have readers rethinking every aspect of their musical worlds.
Uncle Tom's cabin
The American negro : a study in racial crossing
Every tongue got to confess : Negro folk-tales from the Gulf states
I have a dream : Martin Luther King, Jr. and the fight for equal rights
Sag Harbor : a novel
Hoodoo - conjuration - witchcraft - rootwork : beliefs accepted by many negroes and white persons these being orally recorded among blacks and whites
The chaos
Afrocentrism : mythical pasts and imagined homes
Their eyes were watching God : [a novel]
Beyond boundaries : C.L.R. James and postnational studies
The misadventures of awkward black girl
Bluesman. book two
