http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12738 Viking Age
Viking Age
The Northmen's fury : A history of the Viking World
The Viking heritage : a dialogue between cultures
The northern and western isles in the Viking world : survival, continuity and change
"Small things forgotten" : locks and keys & board games
Excavations in the Black Earth 1990-1995 : Eastern connections, part one: the falcon motif
The Estonian vikings
Vikings. The complete second season
"This volume explores processes of colonisation and cultural integration from the end of the last Ice Age to the present from a cross-cultural and interdisciplinary perspective. All kinds of human mobility, short-distance as well as long-distance movements, short-term and long-term interactions are potential triggers for change and also cultural integration. The colonisation of an area most clearly brings into focus what kind of social fabric encompassed the actual historical processes. Recent perspectives on the social and cultural embeddedness of exchange, and how objects facilitate constructions of identities and political legitimacy, serve to frame and explicate the role of material culture in such processes. The contributions to this volume shed light on various social aspects of movement, migration and colonisation among hunter-gatherers and Neolithic groups as well as in chiefdoms and state societies. Geographically, an area spanning from the Mediterranean to Central Europe and the North Sea Region, Greenland and Siberia is covered. Three social and historical processes--the social aspects of colonisation, cultural integration and maritime interaction--are particularly discussed as interrelated phenomena"--Provided by publisher.
The brand new novel in Bernard Cornwell's number one bestselling series on the making of England and the fate of his great hero, Uhtred of Bebbanburg.
From Viking to Crusader : the Scandinavians and Europe 800-1200
Sagas and myths of the northmen
Hawk quest : an epic novel of the Norman conquest
Topsail & battleaxe : a voyage in the wake of the Vikings
The Oseberg find and the other viking ship finds
Runes and runic inscriptions : collected essays on Anglo-Saxon and Viking runes
Aspects of Anglo-Scandinavian York
Vikings in Finland? : closing considerations on the Viking Age in Finland
Viking : the Norse warrior's (unofficial) manual
Norse mythology : a guide to the gods, heroes, rituals, and beliefs
Fibula, fabula, fact - the Viking Age in Finland
The bone thief
Sandefjordmuseene : årbok. 1979-80 : Gokstadsfunnet : et 100-års minne = Centenary of a Norwegian Viking find : the Gokstad excavations
Vikings : life and legend
The rural viking in Russia and Sweden : conference 19-20 October 1996 in the manor of Karlslund, Örebro : lectures
Towns in the Viking age
The Norsemen in the Viking Age
Vikings : The battle at the end of time
Viking worlds : things, spaces and movement
Danish inhumation graves of the viking age
Viking myths & sagas : retold from ancient Norse texts
Viking revaluations : Viking Society Centenary Symposium 14-15 May 1992
The ultimate Viking
The Viking Age in Finnish archaeology : a brief source-critical overview
Silk for the Vikings
The Kremlin of Kazan through the ages
The vicious Vikings
The world of the Vikings
Cultural atlas of the viking world
Death of kings
The pagan lord
History of Scandinavia.
How to seize a dragon's jewel
The traitors' pit
How to cheat a dragon's curse : by Hiccup Horrendous Haddock III
Social approaches to viking studies
Conference report : VAF III : identity and identification and the Viking Age in Finland (with special emphasis on the Åland Islands), 3rd-4th September 2012, Mariehamn, Åland
Viking ship museum boats
How to train your dragon
Craftsmanship and function : a study of metal vessels found in Viking Age tombs on the island of Gotlad, Sweden
How to betray a dragon's hero
Viking World
Tools for textile production from Birka and Hedeby : excavations in the Black Earth 1990-1995
Pictorial weavings from the Viking Age : drawings and patterns of textiles from the Oseberg finds
Conference report : the Viking Age in Finland seminars : 28th-29th, April, 2011 and 11th-12th November, 2011, Helsinki, Finland
Textiles and the Medieval economy : production, trade, and consumption of textiles, 8th-16th Centuries
The Viking-age rune-stones : custom and commemoration in early medieval Scandinavia
How to train your dragon : movie storybook
Viking town
Entangled worlds : archaeologies of ambivalence in the Viking Age
How to cheat a dragon's curse
'Geopolitics' of the Vikig Age? : actors, factors and space
What a viking!
The Oxford illustrated history of the vikings
A history of the vikings
Vikings in the west
Lord of slaughter
Into the ocean : Vikings, Irish, and environmental change in Iceland and the north
The vikings
Building customs in Viking Age Denmark
The vikings in Ireland
The world in the Viking Age
A history of the Vikings
Interdisciplinary student symposium on Viking and medieval Scandinavian subjects : 19th-20th March 2015, Aarhus, Denmark
Quarrying in Western Norway : An Archaeological Study of Production and Distribution in the Viking Period and Middle Ages 2015
Viikinkisodat : the Norse terror
Landscapes of gender, age and cosmology : burial perceptions in Viking Age Iceland
The vikings : wolves of war
How to train your dragon 2 : Xbox 360, Xbox live
Vikings : the North Atlantic saga
How to be a pirate
The flame bearer
Archaeologists and textile historians bring together 16 papers to investigate the production, trade and consumption of textiles in Scandinavia and across parts of northern and Mediterranean Europe throughout the medieval period. Archaeological evidence is used to demonstrate the existence or otherwise of international trade and to examine the physical characteristics of textiles and their distribution in order to understand who was producing, using and trading them and what they were being used for. Historical evidence, mainly textual, is employed to link textile names to places, numbers and prices and thus provide an appreciation of changing economics, patterns of distribution and the organisation of trade. Different types and qualities of cloths are discussed and the social implications of their production and import/export considered against a developing background of urbanism and increasing commercial wealth.
The Viking dig : the excavations at York
How to fight a dragon's fury : the heroic misadventures of Hiccup the Viking as told to Cressida Cowell
The Sigtuna coinage c. 995-1005
Finland as a part of the "Viking world"
Vikings : a dark history of the Norse people
Maritime societies of the Viking and medieval world
The Norse Atlantic saga
Vikingetidens sted- of personnavne : rapport fra NORNAs 22. symposium i København 14.-16. januar 1993
Kings and wikings : Scandinavia and Europe AD 700-1100
Property and inheritance in Viking Scandinavia : the runic evidence
Halfdan : Halfdan was here! : the Byzantine Empire and Scandinavia 400-1000 AD
Scandinavian Britain
Viking age amulets in Scandinavia and western Europe
Approaching the Viking Age in Finland : an introduction
A hero's guide to deadly dragons : the heroic misadventures of Hiccup the Viking as told to Cressida Cowell
Viking antiquities in Great Britain and Ireland. P. 4, Viking antiquities in England : with a supplement of Viking antiquities on the continent of Western Europe
The Viking Age was a world very different to our own: a world of violence and magic, swords and slaves. However, there was of course a much more ordinary, everyday side to life. People made things and traded them; they tended crops and livestock; they cooked and looked after their homes; they drank, gambled and went to market. Much has been written about key historical events in the Viking period, but this book takes a closer look at the day-to-day activities of ordinary people.
Kings and Vikings : Scandinavia and Europe, A.D. 700-1100
Viking Age sculpture in Northern England
The Vikings : voyagers of discovery and plunder
The Viking achievement : the society and culture of early medieval Scandinavia
The Viking trail through Rogaland
Vikings. The complete first season
Towns in the viking age
The age of the Vikings
Viking antiquities in Great Britain and Ireland. P. 5, British antiquities of the Viking period found in Norway
Between history and myth : stories of Harald Fairhair and the founding of the state
Warriors of the storm
The Bayeux tapestry and the Battle of Hastings 1066
The Viking Age in the Isle of Man : The archaeological evidence
The Vikings : culture and conquest
The Mästermyr find : a Viking Age tool chest from Gotland
Northmen : the Viking saga AD 793-1241
The Vikings in Britain
The book of settlements = Landnámabók
The Vikings
How to ride a dragon's storm : by Hiccup Horrendous Haddock III
The Viking world
The Saxons and the Normans
How to speak dragonese : by Hiccup Horrendous Haddock III
The empty throne
Land, sea and home : proceedings of a conference on Viking-period settlement, at Cardiff, July 2001
The hammer and the cross : a new history of the Vikings
Viking beads : Fröjel port of trade, Gotland, Sweden
Touched by a viking : tales of treasures
Lords of the sea : the vikings explore the North Atlantic
Viking invaders and settlers
Aspects on Birka : investigations and surveys 1976-1989
How to ride a dragon's storm
Usborne illustrated guide to Norse myths and legends
Viking Age in Finland : identity and identification : pre-print materials of the seminar “Identity and identification and the Viking Age in Finland (with special emphasis on the Åland Islands)” : Mariehamn, Åland 03.-04.09.2012
Empty throne
The whale road
The Årby boat
How to train your dragon : [by Hiccup Horrendous Haddock III]
The Viking heritage : a dialogue between cultures = Naslednie varâgov : dialog kul'tur
Fibula, fabula, fact : the Viking Age in Finland
Editing skaldic verse and the problem of prosimetra
Dragons : Riders of Berk. Part 2 = Lohikäärmeratsastajat. Osa 2
The vikings : a short history
Tracing their tracks : identification of Nordic styles from the Early Middle Ages to the end of the Viking period
Ireland and Scandinavia in the early Viking age
On the beginning of the Viking Period
Irish art during the Viking invasions (800-1020 A. D.)
A Viking way of life : combs and communities in early medieval Britain
The incomplete book of dragons : (a guide to dragon species)
How to live like ... a Viking warrior
The Vikings in history
A hero's guide to deadly dragons
