http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12744 Pakistanis
Pakistanis
The reluctant fundamentalist
Abstract.
New ethnicities and language use
A small fortune
The pursuit of certainty : religious and cultural formulations
Dream on
Imagined diasporas among Manchester Muslims : the public performance of Pakistani transnational identity politics
South Asian women in the diaspora
The case of the deadly butter chicken
Perfect Gentleman : a Muslim boy meets the West : a memoir
Succession in Asian family firms
The hands are the head of the mouth : the mouth as articulator in sign languages
The perfect gentleman : a Muslim boy meets the West : a memoir
Maps for lost lovers
New challenges - old strategies : themes of variation and conflict among Pakistani Muslims in Norway
Sign language in Indo-Pakistan : a description of a signed language
Pakistani children in Norway : Islamic nurture in a secular context
Partition dialogues : memories of a lost home
The case of the deadly butter chicken : from the files of Vish Puri, "most private investigator"
Asian Britain : a photographic history
From Paris with love
To find a suitable framework for the description of a previously undocumented language is all the more challenging in the case of a signed language. In this book, for the first time, an indigenous Asian sign language used in deaf communities in India and Pakistan is described on all linguistically relevant levels. This grammatical sketch aims at providing a concise yet comprehensive picture of the language. It covers a substantial part of Indopakistani Sign Language grammar. Topics discussed range from properties of individual signs to principles of discourse organization. Important aspects of morphological structure and syntactic regularities are summarized. Finally, sign language specific grammatical mechanisms such as spatially realized syntax and the use of facial expressions also figure prominently in this book. A 300-word dictionary with graphic representations of signs and a transcribed sample text complement the grammatical description. The cross-linguistic study of signed languages is only just beginning. Descriptive materials such as the ones presented in this book provide the necessary starting point for further empirical and theoretical research in this direction.
Pakistani diasporas : culture, conflict, and change
Getting a job in Finland : the social networks of immigrants from the Indian subcontinent in the Helsinki metropolitan labour market
