http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12749 dry toilets
dry toilets
Dry sanitation projects in Swaziland and Zambia : final review of experiences from Msunduza, Kaloko and Madinba
Definitions and concepts of dry sanitation
Dry toilet guide to Latvia
Promoting eco-dry toilet use in rural area of Kunming municipality
Alternative water sources and wastewater management
"In 2000, global targets for Millennium Development Goals (MDGs) were agreed by the members of the United Nations for a joint struggle against extreme poverty. Within the seventh time-bound target, the proportion of the population without sustainable access to safe water and basic sanitation was to be halved by 2015. While the target for accessibility to improved water resources has been reached five years before the deadline, the goal for sanitation is still lagging far behind and is bound to fail. Globally, approximately 2.5 billion people lack access to safe sanitation facilities. One of the regions struggling with this developmental challenge is the Sub-Saharan Africa. (United Nations 2013) The cooperation between Turku University of Applied Sciences and the Global Dry Toilet Association of Finland for promotion of sanitation in Southern Africa has continued for seven years. In Swaziland and Zambia, the organizations are working for improved sanitation facilities and increased awareness on sanitation hygiene by building dry toilets and providing education together with the local partners. The projects are funded by the Ministry for Foreign Affairs of Finland."
Dry Sanitation projects in Swaziland and Zambia : Final review of experiences from Msunduza, Kaloko and Madimba
Dry toilet 2009 : 3rd International Dry Toilet Conference : 12-15 August 2009, Tampere, Finland : book of abstracts
The humanure handbook : a guide to composting human manure
Survey of ecological dry toilet utilization in rural area of Kunming Dian Chi Lake basin
A guide to sanitation and hygiene for those working in developing countries
Dry toilet 2006 : 2nd International Dry Toilet Conference : 16-19 August 2006 Tampere, Finland : book of abstracts
Dry Toilet 2009 : 3rd International Dry Toilet Conference, 12-15 August 2009, Tampere, Finland : book of abstracts
Gossiping about sanitation : role of communication in innovation diffusion
Improvement of the atomic absortion spectrometry method  : Determination of calcium and magnesium from human urine
Experiences of dry sanitation in Southern Africa
Dry toilet 2003 : 1st International Dry Toilet Conference : 20-23 August 2003, University of Tampere, Tampere, Finland
Ecological sanitation - a logical choice? : The development of the sanitation institution in a world society
Feasibility of the dry toilet technology in the Ho Municipality in Ghana
Addressing Open Defecation Sanitation Problem: The case of Dry Toilet Implementation in the WA Municipality, Ghana
Evaluation of four alternative wastewater treatment systems for unconnected rural properties in Kautiala, Kangasala
Nutrient analysis of a dry toilet compost leachate  : Case study of an allotment garden
A Study of Gas Emissions from Dry Toilets
Heavy metal traces in potatoes and cabbages fertilized with human urine and composted faeces
Choosing a dry toilet model for public use : case: Ho Central Market, Ghana
Evaluation of urine as fertlizer for maize and cabbage production in Kaloko village, Zambia
Diseases which spread due to lack of sanitation facilities and knowledge on hygiene can in the worst case cause death. The problem occurs worldwide, and it touches mainly the lives of the poorest. Access to sanitation facilities is a significant way to improve people`s well-being. Turku University of Applied Sciences, Global Dry Toilet Association of Finland and Salvation Army of Swaziland have built dry toilets in an urban community in the capital of Swaziland in southern Africa. Dry toilets take control over the bacteria and prevent environmental degradation. In addition, the final compost product from the dry toilets can be utilised to prevent soil erosion, and the separated urine as a fertiliser in gardening. The thesis work aims to support the final phase of the dry sanitation project and a safe exit strategy.  Dry sanitation meets the criteria of an innovation as a new sanitation solution in the community. In addition to the innovation, according to Everett M. Rogers` Diffusion of Innovations Theory other factors influencing the diffusion process are the target community, time and communication channels. The study focused on the unofficial communication about sanitation and dry sanitation in the community. The objective was to study the unofficial structures through communication structures, and their role in the innovation diffusion. Information was gathered through interviewing community members from four different groups; sanitation experts trained by the project, dry toilet caretakers and their neighbors, and traditional leadership. The results showed that communication structures within the sample groups are rather weak, and they are based more on official structures. Despite the common goals community leaders and sanitation experts have little cooperation. Neighbors have very little knowledge about dry sanitation. The strongest communication occurs between sanitation experts and dry toilet caretakers, and in these groups potential for increasing the diffusion process can be seen.
Assessing the cultural potential of ecological sanitation in improving waste management and food security in The Taita Hills, Kenya
Dry Toilet 2012 : 4th International Dry Toilet Conference, 22-24 August 2012, Tampere, Finland : book of abstracts
A sanitation development project in rural Zambia : management, recommendations and instructions
Survey and recommendations on Zambian dry sanitation improvement programme
Composting toilet system book : a practical guide to choosing, planning and maintaining composting toilet systems, a water-saving pollution-preventing alternative
Comparison of CO2 and nutrient balances between conventional centralized wastewater treatment and decentralized dry sanitation alternatives
