http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12763 level
level
Super Mario 3D world : Wii U
Measuring Service Quality Perceptions of Customers of 4S Shops in Tianjin
Living standards and changing expectations : investigating domestic necessity and environmental sustainability in an affluent society
Information technology incidents in the present information society : viewpoints of service providers, users, and the mass media
"Controversies over issues such as genetically engineered food, foot-and-mouth disease and the failure of risk models in the global financial crisis have raised concerns about the quality of expert scientific advice. The legitimacy of experts, and of the political decision-makers and policy-makers whom they advise, essentially depends on the quality of the advice. But what does quality mean in this context, and how can it be achieved? This volume argues that the quality of scientific advice can be ensured by an appropriate institutional design of advisory organisations. Using examples from a wide range of international case studies, including think tanks, governmental research institutes, agencies and academies, the authors provide a systematic guide to the major problems and pitfalls encountered in scientific advice and the means by which organisations around the world have solved these problems"--
Limits of meritocracy : how fields of study and gender segregation affect social stratification in Finland
After the last dance
Enhancing socio-economic policies in the least developed countries of Asia
Information technology incidents in the present information society:viewpoints of service providers, users, and the mass media
Sonic generations : Xbox 360
Viola playing. Book one
Studies on earnings dynamics and uncertainty in return to education
A man bears witness to his grandfather's deathbed confessions, which reveal his family's long-buried history and his involvement in a mail-order novelty company, World War II, and the space program.
Role-specific critical success factors in incident management : case energy management system company
Raising educational standards by means of school effectiveness : a quantitative study of ten senior high schools in the Ashanti region of Ghana
Marginal abatement costs for reducing leaching of nitrates in Croatian agriculture
Methods for setting cut scores in criterion-referenced achievement tests : a comparative analysis of six recent methods with an application to tests of reading in EFL
Spontaneous movements of hands in gradients of weak VHF electromagnetic fields
Playing on the changes : bass clef instruments
Fasten seat belts : 10 virtuoso pieces for solo violin = 10 virtuose Stücke für Violine solo
Super Mario galaxy : Wii
Abstract: Researching business to business customer satisfaction and loyalty.
Multimodal biomedical measurement methods to study brain functions simultaneously with functional magnetic resonance imaging
Areal variations in dwelling-house amenity levels in the rural areas of Finland
Super meat boy : PlayStation 4
33 artists in 3 acts
Educational differentials in male mortality in Russia and northern Europe : a comparison of an epidemiological cohort from Moscow and St. Petersburg with the male populations of Helsinki and Oslo
The life and death of classical music : featuring the 100 best and 20 worst recordings ever made
THE REALLY EASY TRUMPET BOOK
Overcooked : PlayStation 4
Well-being in Finland: A comparison of municipalities and residential differentiation in two cities
America comes of age : a French analysis
Bosun's cheer : for speaker and period instruments : score and parts
The adventures of Tintin : the secret of the Unicorn : Xbox 360
A history of performing pitch : the story of "A"
Pianon avain : Piano key. Alkeisohjelmisto = Original repertoire for beginners
Letters from Skye : a novel
The Smurfs 2 : Nintendo DS
#What Is A Near Death Experience?
High global food prices : crisis or opportunity for smallholder farmers in Ethiopia, Malawi and Tanzania
Purity : a novel
Izzy Stone struggles to solve the mysteries surrounding her mentally ill mother and discover a place to truly call home.
Overcooked : gourmet edition : Xbox One
Little big planet 2 : PlayStation 3
Quality customer service : satisfy customers - it's everybody's job
Major trauma in Northern Finland
International Financial Reporting Standards adoption in a continental European context: perspectives of preparers
Interaction between speakers in oral language proficiency test
Measuring customer satisfaction: a Sonera store case study
Escaping the poverty trap : lessons from Asia
Alice : madness returns : PlayStation 3
Socio-demographic factors and incidence of caesarean sections in Mozambique
Educational structure of population
Donkey Kong country returns : Wii
Social indicators : the EU and social inclusion
Social indicators are an important tool for evaluating a country's level of social development and for assessing the impact of policy. Such indicators are already in use in investigating poverty and social exclusion in several European countries and have begun to play a significant role in advancing the social dimension of the European Union as a whole. The purpose of this book is to make a scientific contribution to the development of social indicators for the purposes of European policy-making. It considers the principles underlying the construction of policy-relevant indicators, the definition of indicators, and the issues that arise in their implementation, including that of the statistical data required. It seeks to bring together theoretical and methodological methods in the measurement of poverty/social exclusion with the empirical practice of social policy. The experience of Member States is reviewed, including an assessment of the National Action Plans on Social Inclusion submitted for the first time in June 2001 by the fifteen EU governments. The key areas covered by the book are poverty, including its intensity and persistence, income inequality, non-monetary deprivation, low educational attainment, unemployment, joblessness, poor health, poor housing and homelessness, functional illiteracy and innumeracy, and restricted social participation. In each case, the book assesses the strengths and weaknesses of different indicators relevant to social inclusion in the European Union, and makes recommendations for the indicators to be employed. Indicators for Social Inclusion in the European Union is being published at a critical stage in the evolution of the social agenda of the European Union. It is hoped that the report will play a role in widening public debate about the social dimension of Europe and that it will be of value to the social partners, to non-governmental and grass roots organizations, and to those living in poverty and social exclusion. It seeks to provide both a constructive background document at a crucial juncture in the evolution of the social dimension of the European Union and a reference work of continuing value.
Yoshi's New island : Nintendo DS
Animal magic : essential daily exercises for the young pianist
The Boosey brass method : trumpet/cornet in B. Book 1.
The politics of scientific advice : institutional design for quality assurance
Super Mario Galaxy : Wii
Real listening & speaking: with answers. 4
Embedded mixed-signal testing on board and system level
Saxophone aerobics : for all levels: from beginner to advanced
Dependable cognitive wireless networking:modelling and design
Initial findings from the IEA International civic and citizenship education study
Speech perception and auditory performance in hearing-impaired adults with a multichannel cochlear implant
Finnish Customer Expectations in Senior Residences on Costa del Sol, Spain : Case: Villa Aurora Company
Playing on the changes : Eb instruments
Grappling with the Oral Skills: The learning processes of the low-educated adult second language and literacy learner
Testing communication skills in business English : constructing a diagnostic language test
Ratchet & Clank : a crack in time : PlayStation 3
Mario Party. 10 : Wii U
Intelligent milking systems : computerized dairy cows management and control systems
Little big planet. 3 : PlayStation 3
What Doesn’t Work for the Lowest Level Literacy Learners and Why?
Datelines. 2, [The way of the world]
Competitiveness and business environment in Finland : an international benchmarking
Moonglow : a novel
Tying it all together : excellence, mobility, funding and the social dimension in higher education
SteamWorld Collection : PS4
Amenity levels in Finnish farmhouses in 1969
This paper considers the effect of income on the risk of having the first births in Sweden from 1968 to 2009. Variations by gender are given particular atention. The study follows men and women from the moment they turn 18 until they enter parenthood and it is based on register-based data covering the entire population of Sweden. Complementary log-log models show that there is a positive association between income and the risk of childbearing. The association gets stronger over time and the differences between men and women diminish. Gender differences appear when the income effect is related to the demand for work in the economy. An income above the median does not increase the risk of childbearing for women when the demand for work is relatively high.
The effect of rootstock on apple tree bearing stability in a cooler climate
Testing the Reading Ability of Low Educated ESOL Learners
Donkey Kong country : tropical freeze : Wii U.
Essays on income and fertility : Sweden 1968-2009
Trauma patients are a significant patient group for emergency medical services (EMS). Not only are injuries a significant cause of death, they also have a significant long-term impact on functionality and quality of life.Previous studies have shown that the injury-related mortality rate is higher in sparsely populated areas and that the majority of patients die before the arrival of EMS. Intensive care mortality is significant, and half of seriously injured patients develop multiple organ dysfunction. Airway management is one of the most important procedures that EMS provide for a critically injured patient, but making high-quality care available in a sparsely populated area is challenging. Seriously injured patients also appear to benefit from being transported directly to a trauma centre.In recent years particular attention has been given to the level and availability of EMS. Hospitals' readiness to provide acute surgery is also being reorganised. More information is needed about the frequency, circumstances, outcome and acute care of serious and fatal injuries so that health care resources can be allotted appropriately and requirements for prevention can be identified.The purpose of this research was to investigate the frequency and circumstances of injury-related deaths in Northern Finland and the prognosis of trauma patients encountered by the Finnish helicopter emergency services (FinnHEMS). A particular objective was to examine differences between rural and urban areas. The National Advisory Committee for Aeronautics (NACA) severity score's ability to predict 30-day mortality was also examined. The fourth part of the study aimed to investigate the pre-hospital airway management performed by non-physicians in Northern Finland.The study material was comprised of trauma deaths that occurred in Northern Finland in 2007–2011, trauma patients encountered by FinnHEMSunits in Northern Finland in 2012–2013, patients encountered by HEMS in Northern Norway in 1999–2009 and a questionnaire regarding pre-hospital airway management to non-physicians.The study concluded that the rate of trauma deaths is high in Northern Finland, and the influence of alcohol was found in nearly half of pre-hospital trauma death cases. A larger portion of pre-hospital deaths also took place in rural areas. Trauma patients encountered by FinnHEMS units in urban areas who survived to hospital, appeared to have higher 30-day mortality than patients injured in rural areas. The most probable explanation for this difference is that patients injured in urban areas survive to hospital, while trauma patients in rural areas die pre-hospital.The NACA score was found to reliably predict 30-day mortality. Due to its simplicity, the NACA score can be used to compare patient material from different HEMS bases.It was found that non-physicians seldom performed airway management. On average, the frequency of performing airway management was low, and there is a need to improve maintenance of skills.
Flute aerobics : for all levels: from beginner to advanced
The Boosey brass method : trumpet/cornet in B. Keyboard accompaniment
Pre-service teachers' objectives, challenges, and experience of practical work
The Road to Parenthood: Income and First Births in Sweden
Little big planet. 3 : PlayStation 4
"I find that I am both enthusiast and critic" : how teachers experience spoken language assessment through the Common European Framework
Changes in the household structure of the Finnish elderly by age, sex and educational attainment in 1987–2035
Sonic unleashed : PlayStation 3
Studies on higher education choices and spatial labour markets
Shovel knight : Nintendo 3DS
Kirby : Planet Robobot : Nintendo 3DS
Donkey Kong : country returns : Nintendo 3DS
The flows and balances of P, K, Ca and Mg on intensively managed Boreal high input grass and low input grass-clover pastures
Cortical thickness analysis in early diagnostics of Alzheimer's disease
And the mountains echoed
Tearing down the curtain, opening the gates : Northern boundaries in change
The purpose of this thesis is to define an Intelligent Milking System as a modern technology and innovation in the dairy farming that allows farmers to use computerized machines to do diversified activities regarding their dairy cattle management and productions systems. This thesis will explain why Kenya should adopt the use of this milking system in its dairy sector. In addition, it will explore how this system works in a typical dairy farm and highlight important considerations that will ensure farmers get high quality services and products. Moreover, it will present the importance of using milking machines in the dairy sector and how this has changed the lives of farmers, their animals and dependants. The paper will describe two Finnish case studies where Intelligent Milking System (IMS) has been successfully embraced. It will also highlight the significance of adopting this practice by the Kenya Dairy Board (KDB) to boost milk production quality and quantity in Kenya. Lastly, it will present recommendations on how this method can be improved to ensure there is a maximum profit generation, reduced costs and improved quality and quantity of milk supply.
A single and uniform fertilizer application may lead to ineffective crop nutrient uptake and use. In order to enhance nutrient use efficiency the application should be adjusted according to the need of the cultivated crop. This task is challenging because weather is unknown and unpredictable over the upcoming growing season. One solution is site-specific fertilizer application in several separate events throughout the season. Such a precision fertilization method requires information on the current crop state (e.g. the availability of water and nutrients in the soil) and a crop growth model that aims to assess current crop growth and near future needs. A field experiment with varying radiation, precipitation and nutrient conditions was established to test our crop growth model performance. Spring wheat (Triticum aestivum L.) was grown using three fertilization rates with three precipitation and two radiation treatments within each fertilization treatment. The observed crop biomass accumulation in the highest fertilization treatment was considered as the highest possible in the prevailing conditions. The simulated (maximal) biomass accumulation was in agreement with the highest observed biomass yield. The results were found promising for further use of the model in crop growth evaluation during the growing season.
The effect of rootstock on apple yield, productivity and alternate bearing was investigated at the Institute of Horticulture, Lithuanian Research Centre for Agriculture and Forestry during a six-year period in a full bearing orchard. Apple cultivars 'Ligol' and 'Auksis' grafted on M.26 semi-dwarf rootstock; M.9, B.396, P 66, P 67 and Pure 1 dwarf rootstocks; and P 59, P 22, P 61, P 62 and PB.4 super-dwarf rootstocks were tested. Rootstock had a significant effect on apple tree growth, average yield and cumulative yield efficiency. Alternate apple bearing did not depend on rootstock vigour. Constant correlations between bearing regularity, average yield and cumulative yield efficiency were not established and differed on a cultivar or rootstock level. On the average of both tested cultivars, a more regular apple yield was recorded on Pure 1, P 59 and B.396 rootstocks. A significantly higher alternate bearing index was established on P 67, P 62 and M.9 rootstocks.
What she left behind
CellOpera : Beliebte Opernarien und -duette : für Violoncello-Quartett = Popular operatic arias und duets : for violoncello quartet. Vol 2
Crop yield response to water
Officially dead
Changing the planning for agile and lean software development:from roadmapping to continuous planning
Exodus : immigration and multiculturalism in the 21st century
New Super Mario Bros. Wii : Wii
Linking to the CEFR levels : research perspectives
Studies on the determinants of migration and the spatial concentration of labour
Ratchet & Clank : tools of destruction: PS3
Super Paper Mario : Wii
The new rich in Asia : mobile phones, McDonald's and middle-class revolution
Product portfolio management over horizontal and vertical portfolios
Measuring Distraction at the Levels of Tactical and Strategic Control: The Limits of Capacity-Based Measures for Revealing Unsafe Visual Sampling Models
Donkey Kong country : tropical freeze : Wii U
Personalising library services in higher education : the boutique approach
Software process capability and maturity determination:BOOTSTRAP methodology and its evolution
Improving Delivery Quality in Supply Chain : a Case Study
Ratchet & Clank : quest for Booty : PS3
Food habits and related biomarkers in Pitkäranta, Russia, and North Karelia, Finland : trends and educational differences, 1992-2007
Viola time runners : a second book of easy pieces for viola. Viola book 2
Ship and shore ramp characteristics : an ICHCA survey
Cognitive functioning in alcohol and other substance use disorders in young adulthood : a genetic epidemiological study
Differences in well-being are examined at two regional levels. First, variations in well-being are studied based on municipal statistics by three indices that represent different aspects of life. The examination shows that the most problematic areas are in eastern and northern Finland. Second, residential differentiation is examined in two metropolitan areas, Helsinki and Tampere, through two variables: families with children and residents with university education. Metropolitan Helsinki is divided into socially distinctive residential areas. Low levels of education and the threat of unemployment concentrate in the northern and eastern parts of the city. Such clear socio-economic differentiation cannot be found in Metropolitan Tampere.
Folk roots : for violin with piano accompaniment
Ratchet & Clank : a crack in time : PS3
Editorial : Special issue on Second Language and Literacy Acquisition of Low-Educated Adult Immigrants
Researching business to business customer satisfaction and loyalty
F-Musiikki's marketing on the institutional market
Mass spectrometric study of anti-testosterone Fab-fragments
Mighty No.9 : Xbox One
Educated people, migration and European integration
The main objective of the study was to compare nutrient balances of phosphorus (P), potassium (K), magnesium (Mg) and calcium (Ca) on fertilized grass pasture (high input) and unfertilized grass-clover pasture (low input) both grazed by dairy cattle. The second aim was to quantify P loss in surface runoff from the fertilized grass pasture. The study was conducted on a lysimeter field that included two surface runoff collector ditches. The whole area was rotationally stocked five times per year and the amount of milk was recorded. Nutrient balances were negative on both grass and grass-clover pastures except the P balance for grass pasture, which was 18 kg ha-1 positive. The amount of total P in the surface runoff from fertilized grass pasture was 1.2-0.9 kg ha-1 y-1. It seems that in short-term ley farming, grass-clover swards can retain nutrients in the soil better than pure grass swards.
Valses nobles et sentimentales : pour piano = for piano = für Klavier : Urtext
Skylanders : Superchargers : aloituspaketti : Wii
Nitrogen fertilizer rates, N balances, and related risk of N leaching in Finnish agriculture
The rise & fall of great powers : a novel
The unintended convergence : how to Finnish unemployment reached the European level
Voltage quality in electrical power systems
The great escape : health, wealth, and the origins of inequality
Mario party. 9 : Wii
Testing the use of an analytical and mechanistic C3 - biomass accumulation model for precision fertilization
Mighty No.9 : PlayStation 4
Viola time joggers : a first book of very easy pieces for viola. Viola book 1
Converging Perspectives in the LESLLA Context
Shovel knight : PlayStation 4
New Super Mario Bros. U : Wii U
Protocall toolkit
Co-primary multi-operator resource sharing for small cell networks
Customer Satisfaction in Service Industry : Case Study of Nokia River Golf
Higher education, policy, and the global competition phenomenon
