http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12797 fear of death
fear of death
I was dead for 13 minutes.  I don't remember how I ended up in the icy water but I do know this - it wasn't an accident and I wasn't suicidal.  They say you should keep your friends close and your enemies closer, but when you're a teenage girl, it's hard to tell them apart. My friends love me, I'm sure of it. But that doesn't mean they didn't try to kill me. Does it?
Caring for dying children and their families
Lethal sex in Ovamboland : sex norms and the fear of death in northern Namibia from the early colonial times to the era of HIV/AIDS
The Silmarillion
In the wake of 9/11 : the psychology of terror
Writing the dark side of travel
What every person should know about war
Death anxiety and clinical practice
Welcome to the Rileys
We'll always have Paris : a mother/daughter memoir
Infinity : journey beyond death
Confronting death
Synecdoche, New York
6 billion others : portraits of humanity from around the world
To the end of the land
Death and the afterlife
The last good man
Paul and death : a study in psychological coping
The metaphysics of death
Fashion at the edge : spectacle, modernity and deathliness
The living end : the future of death, aging, and immortality
The inevitable : contemporary writers confront death
A tour of bones : facing fear and looking for life
Own death
East of the mountains
Birth is not inevitable. Life certainly isn't. The sole inevitability of existence, the only sure consequence of being alive, is death. In these eloquent and surprising essays, twenty writers face this fact, among them Geoff Dyer, who describes the ghost bikes memorializing those who die in biking accidents; Jonathan Safran Foer, proposing a new way of punctuating dialogue in the face of a family history of heart attacks and decimation by the Holocaust; Mark Doty, whose reflections on the art-porn movie Bijou lead to a meditation on the intersection of sex and death epitomized by the AIDS epidemic; and Joyce Carol Oates, who writes about the loss of her husband and faces her own mortality. Other contributors include Annie Dillard, Diane Ackerman, Peter Straub, Brenda Hillman, and Terry Castle. Distributed by Syndetic Solutions, Inc.
Italian shoes
Facing death : conversations with cancer patients
Scared to death : from BSE to global warming - how scares are costing us the earth
Birdsong
Saari : näytelmä Valtameren reunalta = Island : a play on the edge of the Ocean
Sabbath's theater
Nothing to be frightened of
Ora, a middle-aged Israeli mother, is on the verge of celebrating her son Ofer's release from army service when he returns to the front for a major offensive. In a fit of preemptive grief and magical thinking, she sets out for a hike in the Galilee, leaving no forwarding information for the 'notifiers' who might darken her door with the worst possible news. Recently estranged from her husband, Ilan, she drags along an unlikely companion: their former best friend and her former lover Avram, once a brilliant artistic spirit. Avram served in the army alongside Ilan when they were young, but their lives were forever changed one weekend when the two jokingly had Ora draw lots to see which of them would get the few days' leave being offered by their commander - a chance act that sent Avram into Egpyt and the Yom Kippur War, where he was brutally tortured as a POW. In the aftermath, a virtual hermit, he refused to keep in touch with the family and has never met the boy. Now, as Ora and Avram sleep out in the hills, ford rivers and cross valleys, avoiding all news from the front, she gives him the gift of Ofer, word by word; she supplies the whole story of her motherhood, a retelling that keeps Ofer very much alive for Ora and for the reader, and opens Avram to human bonds undreamed of in his broken world. Their walk has a 'war and peace' rhythm, as their conversation places the most hideous trials of war next to the daily joys and anguish of raising children. Never have we seen so clearly the reality and surreality of daily life in Israel, the currents of ambivalence about war within one household, and the burdens that fall on each generation anew. Grossman's rich imagining of a family in love and crisis makes for one of the great antiwar novels of our time.
A man in love. My struggle book 2
Some kind of peace
The welcome visitor
#What Is A Near Death Experience?
After you
"'I don't believe in God, but I miss Him.' Julian Barnes' new book is, among many things, a family memoir, an exchange with his philosopher brother, a meditation on mortality and the fear of death, a celebration of art, an argument with and about God, and a homage to the French writer Jules Renard. Though he warns us that 'this is not my autobiography', the result is a tour of the mind of one of our most brilliant writers." -- (takakansi)
The bear
