http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1279 mime
mime
The Decroux sourcebook
J. H. Hordern provides a text (based on Kassel and Austin's Poetae Comici Graeci text but with significant additions), translation, and detailed commentary on the surviving fragments of Sophron's mimes. The commentary deals with both literary and linguistic questions, but focuses particularly on Sophron's relationship with earlier traditions (for example, iambus) and his influence on later literature (for example, the work of Theocritus). A substantial introduction furnishes an overview of the biographical evidence, and discusses the vexed question of audience and performance, arguing that the mimes were essentially symposiac entertainment rather than stage performances. There is detailed discussion of Sophron's dialect and lexicon, the textual tradition, and his impact on post-classical literature.
Creating pantomime
The Marcel Marceau alphabet bok
The mastery of mimodrame II : a masterclass in mime
Mimesis, masochism, & mime : the politics of theatricality in contemporary French thought
Etienne Decroux and His Theatre Laboratory is based on the long-awaited translation of Marco De Marinis' monumental work on mime in the twentieth century: Mimo e teatro nel Novecento (1993). Now revised and updated, the volume focuses specifically on the seminal role played by French mime artist and pedagogue Etienne Decroux. Mime is a theatrical form of ancient tradition. In the nineteenth century, it saw both apogee and crisis in the west with the realistic and gesticulating 'white pantomime'. In the twentieth century, it underwent a radical overhaul, transforming into an 'abstract' corporeal art that shunned imitation and narrative, and which instead tended towards the plastic, elliptic, allusive, and symbolic transposition of actions and situations. This book is the result of detailed investigations, based on contemporary accounts and obscure or unpublished materials. Through the examination of the creative, pedagogical, and theoretical work of the 'inventor' of the new mime art, Etienne Decroux, De Marinis focuses on the different assumptions underlying the various modes of the problematic presence of mime in the theatre of the twentieth century: from the utopia of a 'pure' theatre, attributed to the sole essence of the actor, to its decline into a closed poetic genre often nostalgically stuck in the past; from mime as a pedagogical tool for the actor to mime as an expressive and virtuosic means in the hands of the director.
Mime : a playbook of silent fantasy
A guide to pantomime : history, overview, performance conventions, and traditional stories
Physical theatres : a critical reader
Unmaking mimesis : essays on feminism and theater
The art of pantomime
A nomadic life : adventures of a theatre artist
Shows the techniques of mime upon which the student may build his/her expression as an artist.
Etienne Decroux and his theatre laboratory
The spectre of the orient : modern French mime and traditional Japanese theatre in the 1930s
Dance naked in the sun : a confessional
The mastery of mimodrame III : a masterclass in mime
Bip in a book
Offers the apprentice mime an opportunity to develop technique. Includes students and performers from their 1991 European tour.
Todd and Marilyn Farley demonstrate mime techniques, helping the viewer establish a strong foundation for mime technique upon which the student may build his/her expression as an artist.
Through the body : a practical guide to physical theatre
Mim - the mime - miim : Maret Kristal
Modern and post-modern mime
Mime and beyond : the silent outcry
Performing arts : a guide to practice and appreciation
The physical actor : exercises for action and awareness
The spectre of the Orient : modern French mime and traditional Japanese theatre in the 1930s
The way to Timbuktu
A critical analysis of the historical and theoretical issues of modern mime
Mime ministry : an illustrated, easy-to-follow guidebook for organizing, programming and training a troupe of Christian mimes
The mastery of mimodrame : an in-depth study of mime technique
The Decroux Sourcebook is the first point of reference for any student of the 'hidden master' of twentieth century theatre. This book collates a wealth of key material on Etienne Decroux, including: an English translation of Patrice Pezin's 'Imaginary Interview', in which Decroux discusses mime's place in the theatre, previously unpublished articles by Decroux from France's Bibiotheque Nationale, essays from Decroux's fellow innovators Eugenio Barba and Edward Gordon Craig, explaining the synthesis of theory and practice in his work. Etienne Decroux's pioneering work in physical theatre is here richly illustrated not only by a library of source material, but also with a gallery of images following his life, work and influences.
Mime in ballet : for teachers, dancers, students, and ballet enthusiasts
Clowns
The Physical Actor is a comprehensive book of actor's exercises, designed for the development of a strong and flexible physical body able to move with ease through space and interact instinctively on-stage. Annie Loui draws on her training with Etienne Decroux, Carolyn Carlson and Jerzy Grotowski to bring Contact Improvization into the theatrical sphere and explain how it can be used to work with texts and applied directly to the theatrical stage. This book will guide the reader through a full course of movement skills, from daily warm-up to: partnering skills, spatial awareness for groups and individuals, fine motor control through mime, heightened co-ordination and sustained motion.
Sophron's mimes : text, translation and commentary
