http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12720 psychoanalysts
psychoanalysts
Sluice gates of the mind : the collaborative work of Dr Grace W. Pailthorpe and Reuben Mednikoff
Heinz Kohut : the making of a psychoanalyst
A life of Jung
Becoming Freud is the story of the young Freud-Freud up until the age of fifty-that incorporates all of Freud's many misgivings about the art of biography. Freud invented a psychological treatment that involved the telling and revising of life stories, but he was himself skeptical of the writing of such stories. In this biography, Adam Phillips, whom the New Yorker calls "Britain's foremost psychoanalytical writer," emphasizes the largely and inevitably undocumented story of Freud's earliest years as the oldest-and favored-son of Jewish immigrants from Eastern Europe and suggests that the psychoanalysis Freud invented was, among many other things, a psychology of the immigrant-increasingly, of course, everybody's status in the modern world. Psychoanalysis was also Freud's way of coming to terms with the fate of the Jews in Europe in the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries. So as well as incorporating the writings of Freud and his contemporaries, Becoming Freud also uses the work of historians of the Jews in Europe in this significant period in their lives, a period of unprecedented political freedom and mounting persecution. Phillips concludes by speculating what psychoanalysis might have become if Freud had died in 1906, before the emergence of a psychoanalytic movement over which he had to preside.
The Cambridge companion to Jung
Margaret Mahler : a biography of the psychoanalyst
The secret artist : a close reading of Sigmund Freud
The Erik Erikson reader
Correspondence of Sigmund Freud and Sandor Ferenczi. Vol. 2, 1914-1919
The analytic Freud : philosophy and psychoanalysis
Freud on the Acropolis : a detective story
The Christopher Bollas reader
The examined life : how we lose and find ourselves
Erik H. Erikson : explorer of identity and the life cycle
Why Freud was wrong : sin, science, and psychoanalysis
The correspondence of Sigmund Freud and Sándor Ferenczi. Vol. 3, 1920-1933
The wild analyst : the life and work of Georg Groddeck
Sigmund Freud : life and work. Volume two, Years of maturity 1901-1919
The death of Sigmund Freud : fascism, psychoanalysis and the rise of fundamentalism
In search of the real : the origins and originality of D. W. Winnicott
Passion of youth : an autobiography 1897-1922
Disciplining Freud on religion : perspectives from the humanities and social sciences
Freud & psychoanalysis
Meeting Freud's family
Analytical psychology in exile : the correspondence of C. G. Jung and Erich Neumann
The adolescent diaries of Karen Horney
The lives of Erich Fromm : love's prophet
Analyst of the imagination : the life and work of Charles Rycroft
R. D. Laing : a divided self : a biography
The Sigmund Freud-Ludwig Binswanger correspondence 1908-1938
The good story : exchanges on truth, fiction and psychotherapy
Lacan : in spite of everything
Something to tell you
Darkness rising
A mind of her own : the life of Karen Horney
Carl Gustav Jung : avant-garde conservative
The suffering of body and mind : a bi-logical approach : the VI International Bi-logic Conference, Helsinki 29.8.-31.8.2008 : proceedings
Helene Deutsch : a psychoanalyst's life
An alternative history of the work of Freud and his supporters traces the development of psychoanalysis in Europe, placing the movement's origins against a backdrop of the nineteenth century while profiling Freud as a creative, interdisciplinary thinker.
Sex versus survival : the life and ideas of Sabina Spielrein
Mothering psychoanalysis : Helene Deutsch, Karen Horney, Anna Freud and Melanie Klein
Sigmund Freud : life and work. Volume one, The young Freud 1856-1900
Death and the maiden
In the Freud archives
C.G. Jung, word and image
Freud and Jung : years of friendship, years of loss
Fury on earth : a biography of Wilhelm Reich
The red book = Liber novus
Becoming Freud : the making of a psychoanalyst
Sigmund Freud : the man and his theories
Freud and his early circle : the struggles of psycho-analysis
Freud : master and friend
H. J. S. Guntrip : a psychoanalytical biography
Alchemists of human nature : psychological utopianism in Gross, Jung, Reich and Fromm
Freud : an illustrated biography
The Freud/Jung letters : the correspondence between Sigmund Freud and C. G. Jung
Pushing time away : my grandfather and the tragedy of Jewish Vienna
James Jackson Putnam and psychoanalysis : letters between Putnam and Sigmund Freud, Ernest Jones, William James, Sandor Ferenczi, and Morton Prince, 1877-1917
India analysed
Therapeutic action : an earnest plea for irony
The sphinx on the table : Sigmund Freud's art collection and the development of psychoanalysis
Wilhelm Reich : psychoanalyst and radical naturalist
The red book = Liber novus : a reader's edition
Erich Fromm : his life and ideas : an illustrated biography
Freud and tragedy
Jung's map of the soul : an introduction
R. D. Laing: creative destroyer
Freud : darkness in the midst of vision
An autobiographical study
The correspondence of Sigmund Freud and Sándor Ferenczi. Vol. 1, 1908-1914
C. G. Jung : word and image
Killing Freud : twentieth-century culture and the death of psychoanalysis
Who was Sabina Spielrein? She is probably best known for her notorious affair with Carl Jung, which was dramatized in the film A Dangerous Method, starring Keira Knightley. Yet her life story is much more compelling than just one famous relationship. Spielrein overcame family and psychological abuse to become a profoundly original thinker in her own right. Sex Versus Survival is the first biography to put her life and ideas at the center of the story and examine Spielrein's key role in the development of psychoanalysis. Drawing on fresh research into Spielrein's diaries, papers, and correspondence, John Launer shows how Spielrein's overlooked ideas--rejected by Freud and Jung but substantially vindicated by later developments in psychology and evolutionary biology--may represent the last and most important stage in the rediscovery of an extraordinary life.
The art of living : Erich Fromm's life and works
The Freud-Jung letters : the correspondence between Sigmund Freud and C.G. Jung
Revolution in mind : the creation of psychoanalysis
Viktor Frankl recollections : an autobiography
The death of Sigmund Freud : the legacy of his last days
Freud : an introduction to his life and work
Winnicott : life and work
Kristeva reframed : interpreting key thinkers for the arts
Bettelheim : a life and a legacy
Anna Freud : a biography
Secret identities of a psychoanalyst : viewpoints on the works of Friedl Kubelka (Friedl vom Gröller)
Melanie Klein : her world and her work
Women analyze women : in France, England, and the United States
Wilfred Bion : his life and works, 1897-1979
Labyrinths : Emma Jung, her marriage to Carl and the early years of psychoanalysis
"The Good Story" is an exchange between a writer with a long-standing interest in moral psychology and a psychotherapist with a training in literary studies. Arabella Kurtz and J.M. Coetzee consider psychotherapy and its wider social context from different perspectives, but at the heart of both their approaches is a concern with stories. Working alone, the writer is in sole charge of the story he or she tells. The therapist, on the other hand, collaborates with the patient in telling the story of their life. What kind of truth do the stories created by patient and therapist aim to uncover: objective truth or the shifting and subjective truth of memories explored and re-experienced in the safety of the therapeutic relationship? The authors discuss both individual psychology and the psychology of the group: the school classroom, the gang, the settler nation where the brutal deeds of the ancestors have to be accommodated into a national story. Drawing on great writers like Cervantes and Dostoevsky and on psychoanalysts like Freud and Melanie Klein, they offer illuminating insights into the stories we tell of our lives.
Erik H. Erikson : the power and limits of a vision
Freud & Co : the mind at the medical market in fin-de-siècle Europe
Power of understanding : essays in honour of Veikko Tähkä
D. W. Winnicott : a biographical portrait
The Freud encyclopedia : theory, therapy, and culture
Deadly communion
Guide to psychoanalytic developmental theories
Landmarks in psychoanalysis : collected papers
