http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12790 longing
longing yearning
The good mayor
A man called Ove
Dinner at the homesick restaurant
The making of romantic love : longing and sexuality in Europe, South Asia, and Japan, 900-1200 CE
Aristotle on desire
Miffy is crying
Throwing light on more serious problems without pronouncing a single serious phrase, giving into the thrill of the contemporary world whilst avoiding any realism - that is 'The Festival of Insignificance'. It can be considered a synthesis of all Kundera's work. A strange synthesis. A strange epilogue. A strange laugh, inspired by our era which is comic because it has lost all sense of humour.
Pearl Tull is the matriarchal head of the Tull family since being abandoned by her husband Beck 35 years ago. She was left to bring up their three children.
Emerald City : and other stories
Book of longing
Brief interviews with hideous men
Mr. Putter & Tabby ring the bell
Closing the ring
Ghost heart
The apologetics of joy : a case for the existence of God from C. S. Lewis's argument from desire
The silver dark sea
Winter's tale
Dinner at the Homesick Restaurant
The event of encounter in art and philosophy : continental perspectives
City of desires - a place for God? : practical theological perspectives
Ukrainian otherlands : diaspora, homeland, and folk imagination in the twentieth century
My sister lives on the mantelpiece
The future of nostalgia
The summer without men
Against the current
The festival of insignificance : a novel
Belonging, home, and identity of multicultural and multilingual adults
Thirteen moons : a novel
Among all the arguments for the existence of God there may be none more personal and intimate than C. S. Lewis's Argument from Desire. This book attempts to explain what the Argument from Desire is and why we believe that the argument is an inductively strong one. In the spirit of C. S. Lewis, Augustine, and Pascal, this book invites both the head and the heart of the reader to consider the case for God's existence. While many arguments look out to the external world for evidence of God's existence, this book calls the reader to look inward to the human heart. While learning from classical thinkers (particularly C. S. Lewis) the Argument from Desire will bring both intuition and experience together to demonstrate the truth of divine presence in the world. The reader will walk away with either a newfound faith or a reinforced conviction that has a strong intellectual and experiential dimension.
Who wants to be a poodle, I don't
The sisters
Anorexia and mimetic desire
Message from an unknown Chinese mother : stories of loss and love
Inception
Eva Hesse : longing, belonging and displacement
Missing mummy
Homesickness, cognition, and health
The descent
"Desire is a central concept in Aristotle's ethical and psychological works, but he does not provide us with a systematic treatment of the notion itself. This book reconstructs the account of desire latent in his various scattered remarks on the subject and analyses its role in his moral psychology. Topics include: the range of states that Aristotle counts as desires (orexeis); objects of desire (orekta) and the relation between desires and envisaging prospects; desire and the good; Aristotle's three species of desire: epithumia (pleasure-based desire), thumos (retaliatory desire) and boulêsis (good-based desire - in a narrower notion of 'good' than that which connects desire more generally to the good); Aristotle's division of desires into rational and non-rational; Aristotle and some current views on desire; and the role of desire in Aristotle's moral psychology. The book will be of relevance to anyone interested in Aristotle's ethics or psychology"--
Audarya-lila : the death of Tuomas Mäkinen
A New York winter's tale
Grandad's island
The brute within : appetitive desire in Plato and Aristotle
Crocodiles need kisses too
Främlingar i eget land = Muukalaisina omassa maassaan = Strangers in their own country
Polly and the puffin
The life of an unknown man
Originating at the 2011 conference of the International Academy of Practical Theology in the iconic city of Amsterdam, this volume explores the practical theological significance of desire. Although desire is central to many issues in practical theology and related disciplines, it is only rarely discussed under its own name. Three introductory chapters locate desire in concrete practices in the city and discuss the phenomenology, theology, and ethics of desire. Subsequent sections are organized around embodying desire, culturing desire, and transforming desire. The chapters include various kinds of desire, including sexuality, consumerism, and spirituality. Perspectives from different contexts and religious traditions are offered in this rich and thought-provoking book.
The surrendered
The kites are flying!
Amor de lonh - on textual encounters
The gendarme
Select bibliography
