http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1270 American Revolutionary War
American Revolutionary War
Disabled Revolutionary War veterans and the construction of disability in the early United States, c. 1776-1840
The march of a folly : from Troy to Vietnam
The French and American Revolutions compared
Beaumarchais and the American Revolution
Letters from America
Assassin's creed III : Wii U
The American Civil War : a visual history
From Savannah to Yorktown : the American Revolution in the South
"Red Gentlemen and White Savages"argues that after the devastation of the American Revolutionary War, the main concern of Federalist and Indian leaders was not the transfer of land, but the restoration of social order on the frontier. Nichols focuses on the "middle ground" of Indian treaty conferences, where, in a series of encounters framed by the rituals of Native American diplomacy and the rules of Anglo-American gentility, U.S. officials and Woodland Indian civil chiefs built anuneasy alliance. The two groups of leaders learned that they shared common goals: both sought to control their "unruly young men" - disaffected white frontiersmen and Native American warriors - and both favored diplomacy, commerce, and established boundaries over military confrontation. Their alliance proved unstable. In their pursuit of peace and order along the frontier, both sets of leaders irreparably alienated their own followers. The Federalists lost power in 1800 to the agrarian expansionists of the Democratic-Republican Party, while civil chiefs lost influence to the leaders of new pan-Indian resistance movements. This shift in political power contributed to the outbreak of war between the United States, Britain, and Britain's Indian allies in 1812, and prepared the way for Indian Removal.
The battle for New York : the city at the heart of the American Revolution
Sealed with blood : war, sacrifice, and memory in Revolutionary America
The scent of death
The autobiography of the British soldier : from Agincourt to Basra, in his own words
Assassin's creed III : PS3
Mapping the American Revolutionary War
Redcoats and rebels : the war for America 1770-1781
The story of land and sea
Crisis of empire : Britain and America in the eighteenth century
Patriot pirates : the privateer war for freedom and fortune in the American Revolution
A respectable army : the military origins of the Republic, 1763-1789
Rough crossings : Britain, the slaves, and the American Revolution
American leviathan : empire, nation, and revolutionary frontier
Red gentlemen & white savages : Indians, federalists, and the search for order on the American frontier
Civil war songs and ballads for guitar
Conquered into liberty : two centuries of battles along the great warpath that made the American way of war
Military journal of the American revolution, from the commencement to the disbanding of the American army; comprising a detailed account of the principal events and battles of the revolution, with their exact dates, and a biographical sketch of the most prominent generals
The American war of independence
The American Revolution
Women of the republic : intellect and ideology in revolutionary America
Assassin's creed III : Xbox 360
One dead spy : the life, times and last words of Nathan Hale, America's most famous spy
The bastard
Nathan Hale, the author's historical namesake, was America's first spy, a Revolutionary War hero who famously said "I only regret that I have but one life to lose for my country" before being hanged by the British. In the Nathan Hale's Hazardous Tales series, author Nathan Hale channels his namesake to present history's roughest, toughest, and craziest stories in the graphic novel format / Library of Congress.
Robert Morris : financier of the American Revolution
One of today's leading thinkers on military affairs recounts the tumultuous history of "The Great Warpath," the corridor between Albany and Montreal where the American way of battle was formed from the late 17th to the early 19th century.
Assassin's Creed III : Xbox 360
The Fort
The dark and bloody ground of the frontier during the years of the American Revolution created much that we associate with the idea of America. Between 1763 and 1795, westerners not only participated in a war of independence but also engaged in a revolution that ushered in fundamental changes in the relationship between individuals and society. In the West, the process was stripped down to its essence: uncertainty, competition, disorder, and frenzied and contradictory attempts to reestablish order. The violent nature of the contest to reconstitute sovereignty produced a revolutionary settlement, riddled with what we would regard as paradox, in which new notions of race went hand in hand with new definitions of citizenship. In the almost Hobbesian state of nature that the West had become, westerners created a liberating yet frightening vision of what society was to be. In vivid detail, Patrick Griffin recaptures a chaotic world of settlers, Indians, speculators, British regulars, and American and state officials vying with one another to remake the American West during its most formative period.
Marx and Lincoln : an unfinished revolution
Assassin's creed III : PlayStation 3
American connections : the founding fathers, networked
The literary history of the American revolution 1763-1783. 2, 1776-1783
The worldview of Robert Morris : the case of a man of practice in the American revolutionary era
Civil war
The literary history of the American revolution 1763-1783. 1, 1763-1776
Tom Paine and Revolutionary America
