http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12783 package tours
package tours
The tourism industry
Saints and sailors
Travel agency practice
Travel patterns : past and present : three studies
Whiteness, weddings, and tourism in the Caribbean : paradise for sale
Sustainable tourism in islands and small states : issues and policies
Tourism 2020 vision. Volume 7, Global forecasts and profiles of market segments
Matkaraporttien tiivistelmät : Anglo-Nordic-Baltic Theological Conference : Life Together - Being Human in Tomorrow's World, Mirfield  3.- 7.9. 2012
Improvement of customer satisfaction : case study: bus journey to Paris
Sex and the city 2
Explorers house : National Geographic and the world it made
English resumé
Hospitality and health : issues and developments
Finnish review
Entrepreneurship in tourism : relationship between entrepreneurial strategies and growth of tour operation ventures in Nairobi
Travel agency law
The development of Italian package tour production to Finland in 1997-2004
The tourist gaze
Coping with tourists : European reactions in mass tourism
Tourism and mobilities : local - global communities
English resumè
History and tourism : empty meeting grounds? : seminar at Mid Sweden University, December 1994
Competitive analysis of travel packages to New York City
Tourism, technology and competitive strategies
A Handbook in Package Tour Arrangement : Golf Tourism
The red pyramid
Compassing the vaste globe of the earth : studies in the history of the Hakluyt Society 1846-1996 : with a complete list of the Society's publications
Tourist experience co-creation and management
Managing packaged tourism : relationships, responsibilities and service quality in the inclusive holiday industry
For more than a century, through unparalleled research, exploration, publications, and photography, the National Geographic Society and its magazine have, in many ways, defined how we see the world. This book, based on unprecedented archival and inside information, provides a behind-the-scenes look, from its start in 1888 to its evolution into an iconic American institution, as well as the family story ₀of the Grosvenor media dynasty which, along with Alexander Graham Bell, created the photography-based monthly. Also shows the inside workings of the magazine's editorial process, providing a look behind some of its ground-breaking articles and explorations--from Cousteau's famous Calypso voyages to the origins of Jane Goodall's research on chimpanzees to the institution's 1963 Mt. Everest expedition.
The third antichrist
Growing older : tourism and leisure behaviour of older adults
A Study on Swedish Charter Tourists Behaviour and Acting : Case: Gran Canaria, Spain
The storm begins
The Business of Tour Operations
Midnight in the garden of good and evil
Don't look back
Island tourism : trends and prospects
Eskimos and explorers
Summary.
Travel trade and transport
Sex and the city 2 : Sinkkuelämää 2.
The National Geographic Society : 100 years of adventure and discovery
Consumption-based emotional responses related to satisfaction
Visitor management: case studies from World Heritage Sites
21st-century etiquette : Charlotte Ford's guide to manners for the modern age
The tourist gaze 3.0
One way or another
The perfume collector
Nightship to China
Tourism and economic development : Western European experiences
Selling the Sea : an inside look at the cruise industry
Notes for the Aurora Society
Flight to the sun : the story of the holiday revolution
Rethinking mass tourism : professional discourses of contemporary mass tourism and destinations
Manual of travel agency practice
On holiday : a history of vacationing
Tourism today : a geographical analysis
English summaries: Essays in the history of tourism.
Three groups of people come together for a more-or-less godly cruise around the British Isles: to Lindisfarne, the Loch Ness Monster Museum, Iona and Mull, Dublin and the Scilly Isles. There are familiar faces from St Stephens, Dunbridge; some new folk from Neil's new parish in Derbyshire; and the slightly long-suffering crew, not least her skipper. A cruise is a great place to make new friends, with leisure for decent conversations. It can also be an awkward, confined space with those you would really rather avoid. Some of the party are facing tough decisions - not least of which, whether to say 'yes' - and some tensions just cannot be left on land. This book is a delight: full of compassion, humour, and Pam's acute observations.
The grand tour or the purloined coronation regalia : being a revelation of matters of high confidentiality and greatest importance, including extracts from the intimate diary of a noblewoman and the sworn testimony of a lady of quality
Artifacts : an archaeologist's year in Silicon Valley
Toxic bachelors
The sociology of tourism : theoretical and empirical investigations
The tourist gaze : leisure and travel in contemporary societies
Handbook of industrial, work and organizational psychology. Vol. 2, Organizational psychology
