http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1274 pastoral care in hospitals
pastoral care in hospitals
Pastoral care and liberation theology
Parish nurses, health care chaplains, and community clergy : navigating the maze of professional relationships
The quest for health and wholeness
Call the chaplain : spiritual and pastoral caregiving in hospitals
The role of the hospital chaplain at Kilimanjaro Christian Medical Centre : (thesis)
Hospital chaplaincy in the twenty-first century : the crisis of spiritual care on the NHS
Learning by caring : follow-up study of participants in a specialized training program in pastoral care and counseling
Hospital-based pastoral care is a privileged yet complex area of ministry. It involves spiritual journeying to the heights and depths of human experience, often in brief and transient pastoral encounters. Illness and fear lay bare life's realities and there is often need for reconciliation as well as healing. Chaplains, visiting clergy and the growing number of lay volunteers need to be able to interpret pained silences or body language - and often in a matter of minutes. This warm-hearted and practical handbook explores the pastoral sensitivities surrounding patient encounters and the challenges of current socio-political pressures. Through stories and examples it explores key biblical themes of love, loss, hope, grace and forgiveness, and worldly themes of dignity, discrimination, identity and choice. It explores the essential skills needed for this kind of ministry: the importance of ritual, difficult pastoral tasks, deflecting anger, caring for the carers, working in multi-faith contexts and more. It also provides a useful section of prayers, readings and other resources for a wide range of pastoral needs.
Spiritual care in a hospital setting : an empirical-theological exploration
The role of the hospital chaplain at Kilimanjaro Christian Medical Centre
Issues of faith and spirituality have been resurgent in the UK since the opening of the twenty-first century. This book charts the impact of shifting attitudes towards spirituality through the experiences of health care chaplains. Rooted in a new and challenging interpretation of the chaplain's work in the past, the book moves on to describe a current crisis in the nature of spiritual care. Using the tools of practical theology to analyze these experiences, fundamental problems are identified for chaplains as they work within the culture of 'evidence based practice'. As the National Health Service struggles to balance its books in the face of national economic uncertainty, chaplains will continue to come under increasing levels of scrutiny. Some chaplains have faced the prospect of redundancy or cuts to their budgets, while a growing number of NHS Trusts no longer offer chaplaincy to patients out of hours. In this context the nature of chaplaincy itself has come into question, and rival models of the profession have emerged. Is chaplaincy a new and distinct profession within health care, based on evidence and available to all? Or is it State-funded religious activity, theoretically open to all but in practice utilized chiefly by the faithful few? In responding to these questions the book concludes with a vision of how chaplaincy can both maintain its integrity - and be a valued part of twenty-first century health care.
Hospital ministry : the role of the chaplain today
Learning by caring : a follow-up study of participants in a specialized training program in pastoral care and counseling
