http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12723 beef
beef
The cull cow as a beef producer
New trends in veal calf production : proceedings of the International symposium on veal calf production, Wageningen, Netherlands, 14 - 16 March 1990
Concentrate feeding strategies for growing and finishing dairy bulls offered grass silage-based diets
Chinese style beef : favourite recipes
Developments in beef meat quality
CAP reform : the beef and veal sector
Grass-fed cattle : how to produce and market natural beef
World animal science. 100 5, Beef cattle production
Data gaps in quantitative modeling of salmonella in beef
Flavor of meat and meat products
The meat buyers guide
Demand and supply of pork and beef in Finland
Performance and meat quality of Nordic Red and Aberdeen Angus bulls offered faba bean or field pea based whole crop legume-cereal silages
The objective of this study was to determine the effects of silage plant species (faba bean and field pea based whole crop legume-cereals vs. grass) on performance and meat quality of growing Aberdeen Angus (AA) and Nordic Red (NR) bulls. A 2×3 factorial design was used. The experiment comprised 30 AA and 30 NR bulls. Both breeds were randomly allotted to the three feeding treatments. The compositions (g kg-1 dry matter) of diets were: 1) grass silage (650) plus rolled barley (350), 2) faba bean-wheat silage (650) plus rolled barley (350) and 3) pea-wheat silage (650) plus rolled barley (350). The experimental diets were offered as total mixed rations ad libitum. The AA bulls grew faster, had better feed conversion rates and superior dressing proportion and carcass conformation compared to the NR bulls. Replacing grass silage by whole crop legume-cereal silages in the diet did not have remarkable effects on animal performance, carcass characteristics or meat quality..
Multi-step beef ration optimisation : application of linear and weighted goal programming with a penalty function
The objective of the present study was to determine growth and carcass traits of beef breed bulls and heifers in the Finnish beef cattle population. The data collected from Finnish slaughterhouses included observations of 6323 and 2385 Hereford (bulls and heifers, respectively), 4421 and 1794 Charolais, 4335 and 1951 Limousin, 4068 and 1692 Aberdeen Angus, 2151 and 774 Simmental, 344 and 147 Blonde d'Aquitaine animals. For estimating valuable cuttings, a separate dataset including in total 1112 bulls and 260 heifers was also collected. Significant breed differences were observed in growth performance, carcass traits and retail product yield. The later maturing, Continental beef breeds seem to reach higher carcass gains, produce less fat and have more valuable cuts than the earlier maturing British beef breeds. The later maturing beef breeds tend to have carcass traits that suit well in the Finnish beef production system.
Beef production from different dairy breeds and dairy beef crosses : a seminar in the CEC programme of coordination of research on beef production held at Castleknock, Co. Dublin, Ireland, April 13-15, 1981
Studying the effects of POs and MCs on the Salmonella ALOP with a quantitative risk assessment model for beef production
Butchering beef
Prediction of beef tenderness by NIR spectroscopy, and examination of the influence of ante- and post-mortem factors on tenderness = Prediksjon av mørhet ved bruk av nærinfrarød spektroskopi, og undersøkelse av ante- og post-mortem faktorers påvirkning på mørhet
Effects of feeding frequency on the performance and welfare of mature Hereford cows and their progeny
Humane slaughtering and efficient butchering will give you the best return on the cattle you process, and Adam Danforth's comprehensive manual guides you through every step.
Developing risk-based food safety management
The aim of this paper is to present the method and tool for optimisation of beef-fattening diets. Changes in policy environment and changes in costs of feed pose challenges for farm efficiency. We construct a spreadsheet from two modules based on mathematical deterministic programming techniques. In order to obtain an estimate of the magnitude of costs that may be incurred, the first module utilizes a linear program for least-cost ration formulation. The resulting value is then targeted as a cost goal in the second module. This is supported by weighted goal programming with a penalty function system. The approach presented here is an example of how a combination of mathematical programming techniques might be applied to prepare a user-friendly tool for "optimal" ration formulations. We report results that confirm this approach as useful, since one is able to formulate a least-cost ration without risking a decrease in the ration's nutritive value or affecting the balance between nutrients.
Muscle foods : meat, poultry and seafood technology
Bovine muscle glycogen concentration in relation to diet, slaughter and ultimate beef quality
Fatty acid composition of flame-broiled beef longissimus muscle
The Dione Lucas meat and poultry cook book
Breeding for carcass traits in dairy cattle
Optimal beef cattle management under agricultural policy reforms in Finland
Samarbejde om økologisk oksekødproduktion = Co-operative production of organic beef
Towards more profitable and sustainable milk and beef production system
Beef production and distribution
Winter feeding strategies for suckler cows in cold climatic conditions
Production costs of milk, beef and pig meat in Finland, Sweden, Denmark and Germany
Threshold cointegration and asymmetric price transmission in Finnish beef and pork markets
Analysis of ethoxyquin and its oxidation products using supercritical fluid extraction and high performance liquid chromatography with chemiluminescent nitrogen detection
Indicators of milk and beef quality
Food safety and international competitiveness : the case of beef
Cautious about precaution : recent judicial practice concerning the status of precautionary principle in international law
The objective of the present study was to compare the colour, chemical composition, meat quality and fatty acid profile of the longissimus dorsi (LD) muscle of growing bulls housed in an insulated tie-stall, an uninsulated barn or a forest paddock. Two housing experiments were conducted at the North Ostrobothnia Research Station of MTT Agrifood Research Finland in Ruukki (64°44'N, 25°15'E). The first experiment was conducted from November 1999 to October 2000 and comprised 30 Hereford bulls, the second from November 2000 to December 2001 with 30 Ayrshire bulls. In both experiments the bulls were divided into six groups of five animals according to live weight and the groups were randomly allotted to one of three treatments: tie-stall in an insulated barn (IB bulls, ten animals/individual stall), uninsulated barn (UB bulls, five animals/pen, two pens) and forest paddock (PAD bulls, five animals/paddock, two paddocks). Nine carcasses from experiment 1 (three/treatment) and twelve from experiment 2 (four/treatment) were randomly selected for meat quality analyses. After slaughter, the carcasses were cooled for 24h at 2 °C and LD samples were taken by complete cross-section between the 12th and 13th ribs. The results were calculated across the two experiments and analysed as one data. There were no differences between housing environments in temperature or pH of the LD or meat moisture, fat or protein composition of the LD. Instead, the myoglobin content of the LD was 21% higher in PAD bulls than in IB bulls (p < 0.05). Between IB and UB bulls there was no difference in meat myoglobin content and there were no significant (p < 0.05) differences between housing environments in the colour of the LD. However, the muscle tended to be 6% lighter (L-value) in IB bulls than in PAD bulls (p = 0.09). There were no significant differences in shear force or sensory analysis (tenderness, juiciness, overall flavour) between treatments. The LD of the PAD bulls contained a higher proportion of 18:2 and 18:3 fatty acids compared to that of IB bulls (p < 0.05). There were no significant differences in the saturated fatty acid (SFA) or monounsaturated fatty acid proportions of the LD between treatments. Instead, the polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) proportion of the LD was 34% higher in PAD bulls than in IB bulls (p < 0.05). The PUFA:SFA ratio was higher in PAD bulls than in IB bulls (p < 0.05) but there was no difference in the PUFA:SFA ratio between UB and IB bulls. In conclusion, there were no important effects of housing system on the meat quality characteristics of the LD, although according to meat fatty acid profiles, outdoor housed bulls produced meat with a higher PUFA:SFA ratio than tethered bulls in an insulated barn.
Production, carcass characteristics and valuable cuts of beef breed bulls and heifers in Finnish beef cattle population
Meat quality and fatty acid profile of M. longissimus dorsi of growing bulls under insulated, uninsulated and outdoor housing conditions
Summary.
Planned beef production and marketing
Beef production from silage and other conserved forages
Storey's guide to raising beef cattle : health, handling, breeding
Leuconostoc spoilage of refrigerated, packaged foods
James McNair's beef cookbook
Salmonella risk in imported fresh beef, beef preparations, and beef products
SNURF and Ubc9 as coregulators of androgen receptor function
Beef cattle science
"All in - all out" finishing units for dairy beef production
Willingness to pay for quality in experimental auction markets and stated choice surveys
Beef cattle management practices
Information, risk and trust in the food chain : ex-ante valuation of consumer willingness to pay for beef quality information using the contingent valuation method
Information, risk and trust in the food chain: ex-ante valuation of consumer willingness to pay for beef quality information using the contingent valuation method
Beef cattle production systems
Taste buds and molecules : the art and science of food, wine, and flavor
Food microbiology laboratory
Beef today
Comparative retail value of beef carcasses
