http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12774 record players
record players
Gramophone, film, typewriter
India : your passport to a new world of music
Fonografi e grammofoni = Phonographs and gramophones
Beat it!: Caribbean street music: Group percussion for beginners
Hip-hop keyboard : the complete guide
Smooth jazz piano : the complete guite with CD!
Compact disc players
Keyboard : electronic keyboard, synthesizer or piano. 2
World guitar : guitarist's guide to the traditional styles of cultures around the world
The student repertoire series : (for guitar) : a graded anthology of guitar works. Volume 1
Classical & romantic music for two guitars
Spin now! : the DJ starter handbook
The music of France
Salsa : your passport to a new world of music
Brazil : your passport to a new world of music
Afro-cuban big band play-along series
For drummers only : jazz band music minus one drummer
Violin solo début : easy playalong film themes
Pop / rock classics
The gramophone handbook
DJing for dummies
Latinitas for solo guitar
The student repertoire series : (for guitar) : a graded anthology of guitar works. Volume 2
Encore! : 12 favourites for cello
All time klezmers. Alto saxophone
Microlatin : 20 new pieces based on Latin-American rhythms for the beginner to intermediate pianist with playalong CD
My first classical music book
Piano for dummies : perfect for all keyboards - not just pianos !
Sound revolutions : a biography of Fred Gaisberg, founding father of commercial sound recording
Progressive rock keyboard : the complete guide with CD!
International carols for alto saxophone
International carols for flute
Lenk's laser handbook : featuring CD, CDV, and CD-ROM technology
Turntable technique : the art of the DJ
The best of Stevie Wonder : A step-by-step breakdown of Stevie Wonder's keyboard styles and techniques
The talking machine : an illustrated compendium 1877-1929
The Lindström project : contributions to the history of the record industry = Beiträge zur Geschichte der Schallplattenindustrie. Vol. 5
Scripts, grooves, and writing machines : representing technology in the Edison era
Stuff! Good piano players should know : an A to Z guide to getting better
Albumleaves for the young : opus 101 : twenty little pieces for piano
Sarah Walker's electronic keyboard basics. 1
Salsa piano : the complete guide with CD!
"Long ignored by scholars in the humanities, sound has just begun to take its place as an important object of study in the last few years. Since the late 19th century, there has been a paradigmatic shift in auditory cultures and practices in European societies. This change was brought about by modern phenomena such as urbanization, industrialization and mechanization, the rise of modern sciences, and of course the emergence of new sound recording and transmission media. This book contributes to our understanding of modern European history through the lens of sound by examining diverse subjects such as performed and recorded music, auditory technologies like the telephone and stethoscope, and the ambient noise of the city"--Provided by publisher.
The djembe guide : for beginners and intermediate groups
The essence of Brazilian percussion and drum set
Hip-hop DJs and the evolution of technology : cultural exchange, innovation, and democratization
The Lindström project : contributions to the history of the record industry = Beiträge zur Geschichte der Schallplattenindustrie. Vol. 4
Sounds of modern history : auditory cultures in 19th- and 20th- century Europe
Easy classical guitar duets : a supplement to A modern approach to classical guitar
Play the world : the 101 world instrument primer
Sarah Walker's electronic keyboard basics. 2
Keyboard. 1
Thorens : Faszination einer lebenden Legende : Meilensteine der Entwicklung von Musikreproduktionsgeräten = The fascination of a living legend : milestones in the development of appliances for music reproduction
The illustrated history of talking machines
Making musical instruments with kids : 67 easy projects for adults working with children
Everybody's classical guitar : a step-by-step method. 1.
The testing and evaluation of record players for libraries : a report based on a study conducted for the Library technology project
The essence of Afro-Cuban percussion & drum set
Jazz classics : featuring the Jazz Arts Trio : play 7 songs with notation and sound-alike CD tracks
Keyboard course : The complete absolute beginners : A complete learning system including 2 audio CDS and DVD
Jazz rhythm section work-out. 30A, For keyboardists and/or guitarists
The recording angel : music, records and culture from Aristotle to Zappa
Play it cool. Clarinet : ten easy pieces for B% clarinet and piano
Meet the instruments of the orchestra!
The complete works of Agustín Barrios Mangoré. Vol. 2
Play bongos & hand percussion now : the basics & beyond
The Lindström project : contributions to the history of the record industry = Beiträge zur Geschichte der Schallplattenindustrie. Vol. 6, Our trip around the world = Unsere Reise um die Erde : the Oriental expedition of Beka Records in 1905-1906
Fantasias for flute and piano
Standards with strings
Undercurrents : the hidden wiring of modern music
Sound media : from live journalism to music recording
Boogie-woogie piano : the complete guide with CD!
Old gramophones and other talking machines
Sound design : classic audio & hi-fi design
Pop rock keyboards : the complete guide
Keyboard 101 : a contemporary approach to playing keyboard
Learn to play guitar : everything you need to get started
Consumer electronics troubleshooting & repair handbook
Berklee practice method : keyboard
Beat it! : group percussion for beginners. Caribbean street music
State of the art - Deutsche Grammophon : The story = Die Geschichte
Gospel piano : the complete guide with CD!
Music machines - American style : a catalog of the exhibition
Pop for cello. 4, 12 Pop-Hits zusätzlich mit 2. Stimme
Blues riffs for piano
The history of music machines
