http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1273 fictional persons
fictional persons fictional characters
"Old ladies - they got a way of coming back and biting you in the ass" : the female character construction in Sons of Anarchy
Lego Star Wars. R2-D2 the Brave : 2-in-1 Flip Over Reader. Han Solo's adv 2-ientures : 2-1 Flip Over Reader
Who's who in children's books : a treasury of the familiar characters of childhood
The well of lost plots
The 101 most influential people who never lived : how characters of fiction, myth, legends, television and movies have shaped our society, changed our behavior and set the course of history
Lego friends : character encyclopedia
Mythology in our midst : a guide to cultural references
A hard day's night : the aftermath of psychological trauma in Grey's Anatomy
Secret world of the ninja
Narrative form
Lazy Town annual 2008
Miss Herbert : an essay in five parts
Recipe for a story
Everyman's dictionary of fictional characters
Monster High character encyclopedia
Wicked exposure
Who's who in Dickens
Agatha Christie's Hercule Poirot : the life and times of Hercule Poirot
Lego DC comics super heroes : character encyclopedia
Pathfinder : adventure path. Part 4 of 6
Packed with fun facts, bizarre-but-true tales, and quirky insights into everyone's favorite Marvel comic characters, including The Avengers, Spider-Man, and Daredevil. Little-known facts and information about the iconic Marvel characters.
Faulkner's people : a complete guide and index to characters in the fiction of William Faulkner
Pathfinder : adventure path. Part 6 of 6
Well-read women : portraits of fiction's most beloved heroine
George Sprott 1894-1975 : A picture novella
Who's who in Shakespeare
[Qin : the warring states]
The unwritten. 9 : The unwritten fables
Breathing life into your characters : [how to give your characters emotional and psychological depth]
Hunger, consumption, and identity in Elizabeth Gaskell's novels
Sugar and spice
Can Jane Eyre be happy? : more puzzles in classic fiction
Our hero : Superman on earth
Characterization in Training Day
Spider-Man character encyclopedia
The world of Golden compass
Lamentations of the Flame princess : weird fantasy role-playing
The Agatha Raisin companion
The Captain Jack Sparrow handbook : A Guide to Swashbuckling from the Pirates of the Caribbean
Marvel : absolutely everything you need to know... / written by Adam Bray, Lorraine Cink, John Sazaklis, Sven Wilson
The world of ice & fire : the untold history of Westeros and the Game of Thrones
Marry me at Christmas
Encyclopedia of comic characters : over 1200 characters
Cyclopedia of literary characters
Nazi literature in the Americas
Something rotten
Fictions of the self: 1550-1800
Pathfinder : adventure path. Part 1 of 6
World of warcraft : chronicle. Volume 1
The unwritten. 8 : Orfeus in the underworld
Shutter island
In search of Harry Potter
I love that minifigure
The book of Bond
The Pratchett portfolio
The links in the chain : isolation and interdependence in Nathaniel Hawthorne's fictional characters
The maze runner files
Star Wars : the complete visual dictionary
Pathfinder : adventure path. Part 2 of 6
RuneQuest legendary heroes
Hermione Granger : cinematic guide
The one and only Moomintroll!
The great good thing : a novel
Imaginary people : a who's who of modern fictional characters
Disney High school musical : the essential guide
Twilight and history
Skylanders universe : chronicles
Spider-man : inside the world of your friendly neighbourhood hero
The unwritten. 6 : Tommy Taylor and the war of words
The originals : who's really who in fiction
The Matrix: unlocked : an unauthorised review of the Matrix phenomenon
STAR WARS : THE ESSENTIAL GUIDE TO CHARACTERS
The encyclopedia of superheroes
To bridal boutique owner Madeline Krug, organizing a Christmas wedding sounds like a joy - until she finds out she'll be working closely with the gorgeous brother of the bride, movie star Jonny Blaze. How will a small-town girl like her keep from falling for the world's sexiest guy? Especially with mistletoe lurking around every corner! Jonny came to Fool's Gold looking for normal, not for love. Happily-ever-after only happens in the movies. Still, nothing about this quirky town is quite what he expected, and "ordinary" Madeline is the most extraordinary woman he's ever met.
Wicked shots
Does Santa exist? : a philosophical investigation
The unwritten : Tommy Taylor and the ship that sank twice
Frozen ; the enchanted guide
Imaginary people : a who's who of fictional characters from the eighteenth century to the present day
The creation of character in literature
Class photo
Once upon a time : a story collection
Novel characters : a genealogy
The art of space jam
The unwritten. 7 : The wound
LEGO DC comics super heroes : character encyclopedia
Batman : an origin story
The unwritten. 10 : War stories
Badass bitches, damsels in distress, or something in between? : representation of female characters in superhero action films
Dictionary of fictional characters
Me before you
Superman : an origin story
Albus Dumbledore : cinematic guide
Rabbids invasion : the interactive tv show : Xbox One
The world according to Spider-Man
Great British fictional detectives
Dragon Age : The world of Thedas. Volume 1
"This comprehensive revised edition of Cyclopedia of literary characters combines all the titles from the original Cyclopedia of literary characters and from Cyclopedia of literary characters II ... adds character descriptions from titles included in Masterplots (revised second edition, 1996) and the Masterplots II sets covering African American literature (1994), Women's literature (1995), and American fiction (supplement, 1994) ... 3 300 titles [in all]." -- Publisher's note.
The comic book heroes
We are not ourselves : a novel
Forms of adress in Ursula K. Le Guin's Earthsea trilogy
The magical worlds of Harry Potter : a treasure of myths, legends and fascinating facts
Where fiction ends : four scandals of literary identity construction
Pathfinder : adventure path. Part 3 of 6
Conan : the roleplaying game
Presents the LEGO action figures based on the DC universe, describing each figure and vehicle, their variations, when they were made, and the playsets in which they appear / WorldCat.
It's your year Charlie Brown
TV toys
The illegal : a novel
