http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12736 general upper secondary school students
general upper secondary school students
The effect of instructions on writing an argumentative text : a study on upper secondary school students' written performance in English
Vocabulary learning strategies employed by Finnish high school EFL students
Avery Dennis is a high school senior and one of the most popular girls in her class. But a major public breakup with her boyfriend threatens to ruin Avery's plans for a perfect senior prom and Avery starts thinking about all the guys she's dated. How come none of those relationships worked out? Could it be her fault? Avery tracks down her exes and interviews them, compiling a total account of her dating history. She discovers some truths about herself along the way...just in time for prom night!
Bleach. Vol. 14, White tower rocks
The fever
Mechanical
Bleach. Vol. 19, The black moon rising
Promotion of learner autonomy in the EFL classroom : the students' view
"Torch is more like grab your torches and pitchforks" : Finnish upper secondary school students' preference for variety between American and British English nouns and spelling
Chronic stress among adolescents : contributing factors and associations with academic achievement
Motivation and attitudes in second language learning : a case study
The Perks of Being a Wallflower
Students' image of England : stereotypes perpetuated by the school and the media
The breakfast club : 30th anniversary edition
UNESCO Philosophy day in Finland - November 17th 2011 : The Finnish qualification competition of International philosophy olympiad
A longitudinal study on the lexical sophistication and sentence length in Finnish upper secondary school student's English compositions
Cloudburst
Bleach. Vol. 24, Immanent god blues
Bleach. Vol. 11, A star and a stray dog
Bleach. Vol. 7, The broken coda
A devil and her love song. volume 6
Test anxiety, coping, gender and academic performance in English exams : a study of Finnish upper secondary school students
Bleach. Vol. 12, Flower on the precipice
Bleach. Vol. 5, Right arm of the giant
Information counseling service design for Finnish high school students' educational aspiration : a case study of SYK (Helsingin suomalainen yhteiskoulu) and UH (the University of Helsinki)
Physics laboratory course for talented high school students
Finnish high school students and possible L2 selves
Middle school mediocrity : quality and inequality in secondary education
School shootings and student performance
"The word I recognize from the Simpsons: it's principal Skinner!" : dyslexic secondary level students' lexical inference use and success in reading in English as a foreign language
Bleach. Vol. 2, Goodbye parakeet, good night my sister
Error analysis on grammatical errors in compositions written by second graders in the upper-secondary school
Bleach. Vol. 4, Quincy Archer hates yoy
Vocabulary learning in upper secondary school : A study on the students' use of learning strategies
Bleach. Vol. 21, Be my family or not
A devil and her love song. volume 7
English L2 learners' speech : and how the spoken language course affects its lexical richness
Conversion
No matter how I look at it, it's you guys' fault I'm not popular!. 5
Attitudes towards six English accents in Finnish schools : what the learners think about the different accents in English
Bleach. Vol. 26, The Mascaron drive
The woods. vol. 1 : the arrow
A devil and her love song. volume 3
Upper secondary school graduates' attitudes toward writing
After fourteen-year-old Eden is raped by her brother's best friend, she knows she'll never be the way she used to be
Bleach. Vol. 20, End of hypnosis
UNESCO Philosophy day in Finland - November 15th 2012 : the Finnish qualification competition of International philosophy olympiad
The productive knowledge of English vocabulary of Finnish upper secondary school students : a corpus-based study
The stranger you know
IB upper secondary school and national upper secondary school students' attitudes towards English oral skills : a comparative study
Marketing of international degree programmes of Jyväskylä polytechnic
Okay for now
Where do upper secondary school students come from? : case: Oulu region
Abstract: The well-being of optimistic, well-performing high school students from high school to university.
"Doing school" : how we are creating a generation of stressed out, materialistic, and miseducated students
No matter how I look at it, it's you guys' fault I'm not popular!. 6
A devil and her love song. volume 5
Weightless
No matter how I look at it, it's you guys' fault I'm not popular!. 4
Nordic experiences - What do short-term study abroad programs have to offer?
Opinions about EFL grammar learning and teaching : a study of Finnish upper-secondary-school students
Bleach. Vol. 18, The Deathberry returns
Fast girls : teenage tribes and the myth of the slut
UNESCO Philosophy day in Finland - November 21st 2013 : the Finnish qualification competition of International philosophy olympiad
No matter how I look at it, it's you guys' fault I'm not popular!. 7
Successful communication in English as a foreign language : a study of turn-taking and communicative acts
Evidence of things not seen
The wave
The development of spoken fluency : a cross-sectional study of Finnish learners of English
A devil and her love song. volume 2
A devil and her love song. volume 10
Analysis of teacher impact on collaborative argumentation in pre-IB small-groups
Bleach. Vol. 10, Tattoo on the sky
English word order in compositions written by Finnish upper secondary school students : reaching the highest stage of processability theory
Never always sometimes
The perks of being a wallflower
A devil and her love song. volume 4
Class of Nuke 'Em High
A devil and her love song. volume 8
Students' attitudes towards testing oral skills at upper secondary school
It's not me, it's you
ELF in the classroom : Finnish upper secondary school students' attitudes towards ELF
Bleach. Vol. 15, Beginning of the death of tomorrow
Student errors and ELF features in Finnish high school students' oral exams
Looking for Alaska
Finnish high school students' attitudes towards globalization
Playing dead : mock trauma and folk drama in staged high school drunk-driving tragedies
'Rule or feel' : the relationship of Finnish EFL learners' implicit and explicit knowledge and course achievement
No matter how I look at it, it's you guys' fault I'm not popular!. 2
A devil and her love song. volume 11
Bleach. Vol. 13, The undead
No matter how I look at it, it's you guys' fault I'm not popular!. 3
Do we take the subway or the underground? : the usage of American English among senior high students
The way I used to be
Toxic : a Pretty little liars novel
Errors in subject-verbs in a selection of Finnish upper secondary school student's essays
Autobiography of us
Bleach. 9, Fourteen days for conspiracy
A devil and her love song. volume 1
Thanking and apologizing strategies used by senior high school students
A devil and her love song. volume 9
To succeed is to believe : comparison of self-efficacy beliefs in language learning between learner groups of English and Swedish in Finland
No matter how I look at it, it's you guys' fault I'm not popular!. 1
Bleach. Vol. 3, Memories in the rain
Finnish straight-A graduates' perceptions of the smoothness of their study paths
Online reading as an individual and social practice
Bleach. Vol. 16, Night of Wijnruit
Taking learners to task : Finnish students' opinions of learning communicative English through an experimental task design
Homecoming
Bleach. Vol. 6, The death trilogy overture
Senior high school of space in China : a study of spatial utilisation in examination oriented Chinese senior high schools
Making spaces : citizenship and difference in schools
Incidental and intentional vocabulary acquisition : a quasi-experimental comparative study of upper secondary school students
Bleach. Vol. 8, The blade and me
