http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12725 set designers
set designers scenographers
Arctic light : spaces, illusions & productions
Who is a scenic artist? : starting points in the study on scenic artists
Czech theatre design in the twentieth century : metaphor & irony revisited
Adolphe Appia : prophet of the modern theatre
Responsive listening : theater training for contemporary spaces
Cinema alchemist : how I built the lightsaber and won an Oscar :  designing Star Wars & Alien : a memoir
Theatrical designers : an international biographical dictionary
Summary: Ralf Forsström : 35 years of set design.
American set design 2
Mielziner : master of modern stage design
Jocelyn Herbert : a theatre workbook
International directory of cinematographers set- and costume designers in film. Vol. 5, Denmark, Finland, Norway, Sweden (from the beginnings to 1984)
Maurice Sendak : a celebration of the artist and his work
Ralph Koltai : designer for the stage
The staging of plays before Shakespeare
The theatre of Robert Edmond Jones
Production designer Anna Asp knows the language of the subconscious
Careers in technical theater
Beginning with a survey of the evolution of theatrical design, the volume features biographical and analytical entries on some 270 set, costume, lighting, and theatre building designers dating from the 15th century to the present
Art deco man : the legacy of John Gabriel Beckman
Adolphe Appia : prophet of the modern theatre : a profile
American set design
Fairground art
Set designer and architect Eliisa Rintanen
The secret of theatrical space
The scenography of Josef Svoboda
Contemporary stage design U.S.A
Evolving design for performance ; 2015 - National Centre for the Performing Arts
International dictionary of theatre. 3, Actors, directors and designers
My life, my stage
Twentieth-century stage decoration. Vol. 1, Text
Women in British cinema : mad, bad, and dangerous to know
Effective theatre : a study with documentation
The man with the golden eye
Aasian sirpaleita : Tero Kiiskinen. Taiteilija. Tutkimusmatkailija = Fragments of Asia : Tero Kiiskinen. Artist. Explorer
Theater of reason, theater of desire : the art of Alexandre Benois and Léon Bakst
Modern ballet design : a picture-book with notes
Theatre design : behind the scenes with the top set, lightning, and costume designers
