http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p127 theories (formulations)
theories (formulations)
Cultural theory : the key concepts
Superiority and social interest : a collection of later writings
Corporate taxation in a dynamic world
Models of reading and writing processes
On criticism
Fifty key sociologists : the contemporary theorists
Universities, once at the forefront of campaigns for intellectual liberty, are now bastions of conformity. This provocative book traces the demise of academic freedom within the context of changing ideas about the purpose of the university and the nature of knowledge and is a passionate call to arms for the power of academic thought today.
An introduction to counselling
Reflecting the continuing change and development in modern literacy theory, the key features of this book includes its clarity, brevity, equal coverage of the main literary theories and useful bibliographies of further reading. Literature students will find its clearly defined sections easy to navigate and whilst avoiding over-simplification, it makes a complex subject accessible.
Integrating semantic theories
Translation : an advanced resource book
Game theory and multi-agent systems
[Information science, its scope, objects of research and problems] : study committee "Research on the theoretical basis of information" (Collection of papers) 24-26 April, 1974, Moscow
Inequality : What everyone needs to know
Religion defined and explained
Recent developments in criminological theory : toward disciplinary diversity and theoretical integration
The crisis in criticism : theory, literature, and reform in English studies
Unlocking the text : fundamental issues in literary theory
Translation in systems : descriptive and systemic approaches explained
Selected essays
Theories of economic growth and development
Ecology and design : frameworks for learning
What is criticism?
Lectures on microeconomic theory
Leadership for the twenty-first century
Feminist theory from margin to center
Kozier & Erb's fundamentals of nursing : concepts, process, and practice
Understanding communication theory : a beginner's guide
Dilemmas in economic theory : persisting foundational problems of microeconomics
Explorations in classical sociological theory : seeing the social world
A revision of demand theory
This explains everything : deep, beautiful and elegant theories of how the world works
Quantum field theory in a semiotic perspective
Theories of development : concepts and applications
Handbook of the life course. Volume II
An introduction to theories of learning
Sociological theory : inquiries and paradigms
This article focuses on three interrelated themes in the study of ancient Greek religion, looked at through the mateiral evidence from the sanctuary of Poseidon at Kalaureia on the island of Poros, Greece. First, I look at the so-called polis model and its applicability to an interpretation of Kalaureian material related to the cultic life of the sanctuary from the point of view of the 'historiography' of Greek religion. I then discuss the historical context of the archaeological material, with particular emphasis on the topic of the sanctuary as a known place of asylum particularly during the Hellenistic period. Thirdy, I examine the archaeological material related to eating and dining and its potential connections to the demarcation between sacred and profane activities and between sacralised and profane space in the sanctuary, with special interpretative attention to the significance of border(s) and boundaries. Drawing attention to these issues may help us understand the dynamics and interplay between 'official' and 'private' aspects of ancient Greek religion, within both the tradition of the scholarship of ancient Greek religion and the so-called 'archaeology of cult'.
ICDT '90 : Third International Conference on Database Theory, Paris, France, December 12-14, 1990 : proceedings
Abstract: One for many: on the Althusser's interpretation  of Machiavelli.
Evolutionary explanation in the social sciences : an emerging paradigm
Equilibrium unemployment duration in an urn-ball model of the labour market
Handbook of macroeconomics
Applications of integral estimates to inner functions and differential equations
Finnish yearbook of political thought. 1999, vol. 3.
The theory of taxation
The third edition of this popular textbook provides an engaging and accessible introduction to semantics for students new to the field. * Explores the basic concepts and methods of the field and discusses some of the most important contemporary lines of research* Contains new solutions to chapter exercises in order to familiarize the student with the practice of semantic description* Completely revised and updated to reflect recent theoretical developments* Includes new sections on classifiers and noun classes, as well as conceptual integration
Reacting to complex threats : the securitization in the speeches of Anders Fogh Rasmussen based on NATO's new strategic concept
Personality : theory, assessment, and research
Main trends in sociology
Finnish yearbook of political thought. 1998, vol. 2.
From might to mandate : values in rulers' public speeches in Finland 1809-2000
Abstract: The paradoxes of power in South Africas's political transition.
Spatial theory and method for the study of religion
Rewriting loss : melancholia, ethics, and aesthetics in selected works by Chuang Hua, Maxine Hong Kingston, and Fae Myenne Ng
Pluripotential theory and capacity inequalities
Connected sociologies
The concept of the political on the world stage
Abstract: Why do people vote?.
The midwife of Platonism : text and subtext in Plato's Theaetetus
The great and holy war : how World War I changed religion for ever
String theory for dummies
The theory toolbox : critical concepts for the humanities, arts, and social sciences
Handbook of motivation at school
One-dimensional woman : the problem of universalism in feminist theory
Understanding social theory
Inquiring about God is the first of two volumes of Nicholas Wolterstorff's collected papers. This volume collects Wolterstorff's essays on the philosophy of religion written over the last thirty-five years. The essays, which span a range of topics including Kant's philosophy of religion, the medieval (or classical) conception of God, and the problem of evil, are unified by the conviction that some of the central claims made by the classical theistic tradition, such as the claims that God is timeless, simple, and impassible, should be rejected. Still, Wolterstorff contends, rejecting the classical conception of God does not imply that theists should accept the Kantian view according to which God cannot be known. Of interest to both philosophers and theologians, Inquiring about God should give the reader a lively sense of the creative and powerful work done in contemporary philosophical theology by one of its foremost practitioners.
Piaget's theory : a psychological critique
The analytic Freud : philosophy and psychoanalysis
The field of special needs education is well established, and although it continues to develop in exciting and controversial ways, involving some of education's leading thinkers, many people feel it is lacking a coherent theoretical analysis of its own. Students and practitioners, looking for some solid theory to reinforce their own study or practice, commonly have to "borrow" from other disciplines, such as psychology and sociology, since there has been no attempt to provide a theoretical foundation for the special needs community. This book seeks to provide taht foundation and brings together contributions from key names in the field from the UK and beyond.
Sociological theory : contemporary debates
The improbability principle : why coincidences, miracles and rare events happen all the time
Finnish yearbook of political thought. 2003, vol. 7.
Creative photography
Urban social exclusion in the European Union : concepts, causes and prospects
The new media handbook
In the calculation of economic aggregates it is often necessary to compute the value of these aggregates in some relevant subgroups as well as for the whole data. A method of calculation is said to be consistent in aggregation if it gives the same result regardless of whether it is applied directly to the whole data or to subaggregates calculated using the same method. The property has been well studied, yet a satisfactory general definition has been lacking. In this paper a definition of consistency in aggregation is given for a general class of aggregation rules. We show that any aggregation method satisfying this definition has a representation based on a commutative semigroup operation. Also, as an application we use algebraic methods to derive certain properties of index numbers satisfying consistency in aggregation. In particular, we show that any such index number formula is in fact a generalized weighted mean.
Slips, thoughts and actions
Feminist theory, agency, and the liberatory subject : some reflections on the Islamic revival in Egypt
Systematics as normative holism
Theory and measurement of consumer demand. Vol. 1
The handbook of knowledge-based coaching : what we really do when we coach
Deleuze and design
Concepts covered by the terms "ego", "id", and "superego" as applied today in psycho-analytic theory
Between education and schooling : outlines of a diachronic curriculum theory
Hyperbolic type metrics and distortion of quasiconformal mappings
The standard edition of the complete psychological works of Sigmund Freud. Volume XIX (1923-1925) : The ego and the id and other works
From an examination of recent social and cultura theory and selected work on place and space by scholars of religion I draw together resources for the development of a spatial methodology for the study of religion. In order to identify the key elements of this methodology, I discuss relations between the body and space, the dimensions, properties and aspects of space, the "sacred" and sacralization. Consideration is given briefly to the application of a spatial approach, its strenths and weaknesses.
Abstract: Studying th European Union: from grand integration theories to the study of governance, institutions and policy networks.
Theoretical foundations of psychology
Literary theory from Plato to Barthes : an introductory history
Models of social order : an introduction to sociological theory
This bestseller provides a comprehensive introduction to the theory and practice of counselling and therapy. The book has been thoroughly updated with new references and examples and now has information on topics such as: Transactional analysis; The use of natural environment in counselling; The contribution of arts-based approaches; and, Integrating theory into practice. To help readers, the author has extended the introduction to the book in order to outline the aims of the book and explain its structure so that this is clear to the reader from the outset. The pedagogy of this edition has also been improved in order to enhance learning. Each chapter includes: topics for further discussion; key terms and concepts; suggested further reading; and, case studies and illustrations. This book remains the book of choice for students and tutors on introductory counselling courses.
Cultural politics - queer reading
Sir Henry Neville was Shakespeare : the evidence
Purity and danger now : new perspectives
Relevant translations : history, presentation, criticism, application
Abstract: Cooperation, integration and transnational regionalization in the Northern Calotte Region.
Learning in and for production : an activity-theoretical study of the historical development of distributed systems of generalizing
Relevance theory : a guide to successful communication in translation: lectures delivered at the Triennial Translation Workshop of UBS Zimbabwe, 1991
Theorising special education
Introduction to psychometric theory
Finnish yearbook of political thought. 2001, vol. 5.
The postmodern and political agency
Routledge international handbook of contemporary social and political theory
A price index is often loosely defined as some sort of average or mean of price ratios. A basic property of a mean, such as the arithmetic or geometric, for example, is that a grand mean may always be calculated as a suitably weighted mean of submeans. An analogous property of index numbers is called consistency in aggregation in the relevant literature. In this article we use the fact that with weak regularity conditions consistency in aggregation implies that pricequantity index pairs may be viewed as quasilinear means. Using this we show that these index number pairs may be equated with convex combinations in a suitably constructed vector space. We may thus apply linear algebra to their study, which is a completely new approach to the subject. To illustrate the strength of our approach, we derive a equivalence theorem of quasilinear index number formulas and additive decompositions of value change. We argue that this result shows that consistency in aggregation may be interpreted as consistency between the treatment of ratios and di*erences. We also show that many wellknown index number axioms have linear algebraic interpretations and give conditions under which a decomposition space has a natural inner product structure.
Theories of the firm in understanding mergers and acquisitions
Anthropological theory
Grammatical constructions : their form and meaning
Handbook for effective curriculum development
Curriculum theory
"ACSM's Health/Fitness Facility Standards and Guidelines" presents the current standards and guidelines that help health and fitness establishments provide high-quality service and programme offerings in a safe environment. This fourth edition includes new standards and guidelines for pre-activity screening, orientation, education and supervision. A key benefit to the new edition is that it will assist health and fitness facility managers, owners and staff in keeping to a standard of operation, client care and service that will assist members and users in caring for their health through safe and appropriate exercise experiences.
Consistency in aggregation, quasilinear means and index numbers
Motivation : theory, research and applications
How to see the world : a Pelican introduction
Recorded sight translation revisited : the benefits of technology-assisted "dicatated" translation
Ontological foundations of evolutionary systems theory
Fifty key sociologists : the formative theorists
Dreams of a final theory : the search for the fundamental laws of nature
Film form : essays in film theory and The film sense
Sociological theory 1984 : edited by Randall Collins
Human emotions : a sociological theory
Theories in contemporary psychology
Sociological theory : a book of readings
A possible and necessary consistency proof
Approaches to personality theory
This article provides an overview on the contemporary literature on the push and pull factors of international migration, particularly on that from countries in transition to advanced welfare states. The article stresses the importance of the economic factor in the country of destination. This suggests that pull factors are often more signifi cant than push factors, in contemporary international migration..
Finnish yearbook of political thought. 1997.
Foundations of theory : by William Young
Intermediate microeconomics : a perspective on price theory
Literary encyclopedia : a user's manual
Cosmic perturbation theory and inflation
Principles of literary criticism
Vision and painting : the logic of the gaze
Push and pull migration : a systems approach revisited in a contemporary context
Epistemological beliefs and scientific reasoning in Finnish academic upper secondary education
Abstract: Democracy, rule of law and ongoing conversation.
The little book of scientific principles, theories & things
An essay on criticism
The differentation of society
Discourse: a critique and synthesis of major theories
Theory and measurement of consumer demand. 1
Ways to translation
A darker shade of magic
"In this paper, four theories on the causes of civil war are reviewed. One theory, associated with Paul Collier, emphasises feasibility over factors related to grievance. A second theory, espoused by Frances Stewart, focuses on the role of horizontal inequalities. The third theory, identified with William Zartman, highlights the different roles “need, creed and greed” factors play in various phases of a conflict. And the fourth theory, associated with the World Bank / World Development Report 2011, points out “commitment” problems leading to institutional failures as a crucial factor. Each of the theories leads to quite different policy conclusions. Their strengths and weaknesses, and their claimed empirical support, are discussed.In addition, some of the mechanisms underpinning the theories are highlighted on the basis of empirical data. In particular, the central role of horizontal inequalities between social groups is discussed." --Publisher's description.
The triangular relationship between the social, the political and the cultural has opened up social and political theory to new challenges. The social can no longer be reduced to the category of society, and the political extends beyond the traditional concerns of the nature of the state and political authority. This Handbook will address a range of issues that have recently emerged from the disciplines of social and political theory, focusing on key themes as opposed to schools of thought or major theorists. It is divided into three sections which address: the most influential theoretical traditions that have emerged from the legacy of the twentieth century the most important new and emerging frameworks of analysis today the major theoretical problems in recent social and political theory. The Routledge International Handbook of Contemporary Social and Political Theory encompasses the most up-to-date developments in contemporary social and political theory, and as such is an essential research tool for both undergraduate and postgraduate students, as well as researchers, working in the fields of political theory, social and political philosophy, contemporary social theory, and cultural theory.
'Two cultures' in the study of religion? A response to Håkan Rydving
Theoretical models and processes of reading
A theory of fields
Becoming critical : education, knowledge and action research
The politics of combined and uneven development : the theory of permanent revolution
Theories of psychotherapy
Disciplinary anxieties in the study of religion
The mind and society : a treatise on general sociology. Vol. 1-2, Non-logical conduct
Systems and theories of psychology
Music as discourse : semiotic adventures in romantic music
After remarking on some common worries that trouble the academic study of religion, the article presents an argument for an anthropocentric stance and analytic preference as the directional compass, or an intellectual alignment, in the disciplinary practices of Religious Studies. At the core of this stance is a 'reductionist' commitment to a corrigible theoretical monism, which is, however, compatible with plural analytics or methodologies. Keywords: Study of religion, theories of religion, disciplinarity .
Plato's Theaetetus is an acknowledged masterpiece, and among the most influential texts in the history of epistemology. Since antiquity it has been debated whether this dialogue was written by Plato to support his familiar metaphysical doctrines, or represents a self-distancing from these. David Sedley's book offers a via media, founded on a radical separation of the author, Plato, from his main speaker, Socrates. The dialogue, it is argued, is addressed to readers familiar with Plato's mature doctrines, and sets out to show how these doctrines, far from being an abandonment of his Socratic heritage, are its natural outcome. The Socrates portrayed here is the same Socrates as already portrayed in Plato's early dialogues. While not a Platonist, he is exhibited - to put it in terms of an image made famous by this dialogue - as having been Platonism's midwife. In a comprehensive rereading of the text, Sedley tracks the ways in which Socrates is shown unwittingly preparing the ground for Plato's mature doctrines, and reinterprets the dialogue's individual arguments from this perspective. The book is addressed to all readers interested in Plato, and does not require knowledge of Greek.
Seven brief lessons on physics
Cognition and religious phenomena : a response to Håkan Rydving
From polis to borders : demarcation of social and ritual space in the sanctuary of Poseidon at Kalaureia, Greece
Cinemas of the mind : a critical history of film theory
A theory of political obligation : membership, commitment, and the bonds of society
The end of literary theory
Contemporary translation theories
Ego and body ego : contributions to their psychoanalytic psychology
From material flows to cash flows : an extension to traditional material flow modelling
Security of attachment and the social development of cognition
Rethinking local democracy
Statistical theory of sample survey design and analysis
The theory of the novel
Guitar theory for dummies : book + online video & audio instruction
'This is a robust text - challenging and provocative and one which students will benefit from reading. Layder guides the reader through a large body of relevant literature. He draws attention to the strengths and weaknesses of particular approaches as he sees them and he is not afraid to offer his own judgements on the issues and problems he addresses' - Professor John Eldridge, University of Glasgow. This is a revised, updated and enlarged version of the accessible, authoritative first edition - a jargon-free textbook that provides an introduction to the core issues in social theory.
Readers' responses versus reader-response theories : an empirical study
Using occupational therapy theory in practice
Remember who you are : remember 'where' you are and where you 'come' from : remember
Sectarian identities or geopolitics? : the regional Shia-Sunni divide in the Middle East
Ideal observer theory
Sharing rules and stability in coalition games with externalities : the case of the Baltic Sea cod fishery
Towards a theory of information : the status of partial objects in semantics
Art and knowledge
The philosophy of science : a systematic account
Theory and methods in political science
Discussions on ego identity
Communication theories in action : an introduction
Translation studies
Job satisfaction at Company Teija Jousi Viikarit
Democratic theory
Sociological theories in progress. Vol. 1
On war
"From V.E. Schwab, the critically acclaimed author of Vicious, comes a new universe of daring adventure, thrilling power, and parallel Londons, beginning with A Darker Shade of Magic.  Kell is one of the last Travelers--magicians with a rare, coveted ability to travel between parallel universes--as such, he can choose where he lands. There's Grey London, dirty and boring, without any magic, ruled by a mad King George. Then there's Red London, where life and magic are revered, and the Maresh Dynasty presides over a flourishing empire. White London, ruled by whoever has murdered their way to the throne--a place where people fight to control magic, and the magic fights back, draining the city to its very bones. And once upon a time, there was Black London...but no one speaks of that now. Officially, Kell is the Red Traveler, personal ambassador and adopted Prince of Red London, carrying the monthly correspondences between the royals of each London. Unofficially, Kell is a smuggler, servicing people willing to pay for even the smallest glimpses of a world they'll never see--a dangerous hobby, and one that has set him up for accidental treason. Fleeing into Grey London, Kell runs afoul of Delilah Bard, a cut-purse with lofty aspirations, first robs him, then saves him from a dangerous enemy, and then forces him to spirit her to another world for a proper adventure.  But perilous magic is afoot, and treachery lurks at every turn. To save all of the worlds, Kell and Lila will first need to stay alive--and that is proving trickier than they hoped. "--
Finnish yearbook of political thought. 2000, vol. 4.
Sociology and critical inquiry : the work, tradition, and purpose
Aesthetics
This new text provides a state-of the-art introduction to educational and psychological testing and measurement theory that reflects the many intellectual developments of the past two decades. The book introduces psychometric theory using a latent variable modeling (LVM) framework and emphasizes interval estimation throughout, so as to better prepare readers for studying more advanced topics later in their careers. Featuring numerous examples, it presents an applied approach to conducting testing and measurement in the behavioral, social, and educational sciences. Readers will find numerous tips on how to use test theory in today's actual testing situations. To reflect the growing use of statistical software in psychometrics, the authors introduce the use of Mplus after the first few chapters. SPSS, SAS, and R are also featured in several of the chapters. Software codes and associated outputs are reviewed throughout to enhance comprehension. All of the data and input and output files referred to in the book are available on the website along with pertinent commands and other features. The authors rely on LVM when discussing fundamental concepts such as exploratory and confirmatory factor analysis, test theory, generalizability theory, reliability and validity, interval estimation, nonlinear factor analysis, generalized linear modeling, and item response theory. The varied applications make this book a valuable tool for those in the behavioral, social, educational, and biomedical disciplines, as well as in business, economics, and marketing. A brief introduction to R is provided in Section 2.8 and in the Appendix to Chapter 11. Intended as a text for advanced undergraduate and/or graduate courses in psychometrics, testing and measurement, measurement theory, psychological testing, and/or educational and/or psychological measurement taught in departments of psychology, education, human development,epidemiology, business, and marketing, this book is also expected to appeal to applied researchers in these disciplines. Prerequisites include an introduction to statistics with exposure to regression analysis and ANOVA. Familiarity with SPSS, SAS, STATA, or R is also beneficial. As a whole the book provides an invaluable introduction to measurement and test theory to those with limited or no familiarity with the mathematical and statistical procedures involved in measurement and testing
An intelligent person's guide to philosophy
Ethical theories : a book of readings
Democracy : the contemporary theories
Exact solutions of a Dirac equation with a varying CP-violating mass profile and coherent quasiparticle approximation
Theoretical bias in evidence : a historical sketch
Inequality and identity : causes of war?
Economic backwardness and economic growth : studies in the theory of economic development
Northward bound : a young American mathematician in Finland
Supersymmetry, supergravity and the AdS/CFT correspondence
This article argues that insomuch as feminism is both an analytical and politically prescriptive project, it aims not only to analyze the situation of women in different historical and cultural locations but also to transform their conditions of subjugation. Consequently, feminist scholarship tends to accord freedom a normative status, and to emphasize those instances that exemplify women's desire to be free from relations of subordination. An important consequence of this tendency in feminist scholarship is to limit the conceptualization of agency to acts that further the moral autonomy of the individual in the face of power. Through an examination of the women's piety movement in Egypt, this article argues for uncoupling the notion of agency from that of resistance as a necessary step in thinking about forms of desire and politics that do not accord with norms of secular-liberal feminism and its liberatory telos.
Signs of change : premodern, modern, postmodern
Social mechanisms : studies in sociological theory
Index numbers and decomposition spaces
The origin of overweight
The mind and society : a treatise on general sociology. Vol. 3-4, Theory of Derivations
Building on the success of the 2003 Handbook of the Life Course, this second volume identifies future directions for life course research and policy. The introductory essay and the chapters that make up the five sections of this book, show consensus on strategic "next steps" in life course studies. These next steps are explored in detail in each section: Section I, on life course theory, provides fresh perspectives on well-established topics, including cohorts, life stages, and legal and regulatory contexts. It challenges life course scholars to move beyond common individualistic paradigms. Section II highlights changes in major institutional and organizational contexts of the life course. It draws on conceptual advances and recent empirical findings to identify promising avenues for research that illuminate the interplay between structure and agency. It examines trends in family, school, and workplace, as well as contexts that deserve heightened attention, including the military, the criminal justice system, and natural and man-made disaster. The remaining three sections consider advances and suggest strategic opportunities in the study of health and development throughout the life course. They explore methodological innovations, including qualitative and three-generational longitudinal research designs, causal analysis, growth curves, and the study of place. Finally, they show ways to build bridges between life course research and public policy.
Ethics : a beginner's guide
The philosophies of sustainability
Gauge / gravity dualities
From one segment to a segment of one - the evolution of market segmentation theory
Knowing knowledge
The tropics of translation = Kääntämisen kääntöpiirit
Defining political science : some basic reflections
Financial sector reforms in Pakistan and a test for McKinnon and Shaw's transmission mechanism: 'Lessons from the last decade'
What is cognitive science?
Artificial knowing : gender and the thinking machine
Students of coaching and coaches need the proper resources in order to enhance their practice. This handbook is an interdisciplinary collection of coaching theory and practice by over twenty practitioners from across five countries. It provides overview of all the theoretical constructs that are used in current coaching practices, and spans theories ranging from adult psychology to self-help. With summaries of theoretical traditions related to coaching and concrete applications, the book is ideal for coaches who want to better understand their practice, expand their toolkit, and increase their credibility.
Schaum's outline of theory and problems of macroeconomic theory
EDC Park needs assessment tool
Abstract: Referendums and democracy.
A reader's guide to contemporary literary theory
The translator is human too: a case for instrumentalism in multilingual specialised communication
Critical theory and the sciences of management
The systematically revised third edition of the leading text on approaches and methods in political science features a considerable internatizationization in both the team of contributors and the range of coverage and examples. About half the chapters are entirely new and the rest are substantially revised and updated.
Philosophical theories
Sociocultural causality, space, time : a study of referential principles of sociology and social science
Elements of critical theory
Statistical methods for organizational research
Managing global environmental issue - preliminary considerations of a liberal global theory
"This text involves students in understanding and using the tools of critical social and literary theory from the first day of class. It is an ideal first introduction before students encounter more difficult readings from critical and postmodern perspectives. Nealon and Giroux describe key concepts and illuminate each with an engaging inquiry that asks students to consider deeper and deeper questions. Written in students' own idiom, and drawing its examples from the social world, literature, popular culture, and advertising, The Theory Toolbox offers students the language and opportunity to theorize. Updated throughout, the second edition of The Theory Toolbox includes a discussion of new media, as well as two new chapters on life and nature"--
A model for translation quality assessment
