http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12731 travel time
travel time
Confessions of a Jane Austen addict
Programming of statistic system for swimming pools
This thought-provoking collection not only takes us into the past and the future, but also explores what might happen if we attempt to manipulate time to our own advantage. These stories show what happen once you start to meddle with time and the paradoxes that might arise. It also raises questions about whether we understand time, and how we perceive it. These are just some of the questions that are raised in these challenging, exciting and sometimes amusing stories by Kage Baker, Simon Clark, Fritz Leiber, Christopher Priest, Kristine Kathryn Rusch, Robert Silverberg, Michael Swanwick, John Varley and many others
Eternity's wheel
Station eleven : a novel
The box of delights  : or when the wolves were running
"From the award-winning author of Hide Me Among the Graves, Last Call, Declare, and Three Days to Never, a phantasmagoric, thrilling, mind-bending tale of speculative fiction in which one man must uncover occult secrets of 1920s Hollywood to save his family. In the wake of their Aunt Amity's suicide, Scott and Madeline Madden are summoned to Caveat, the eerie, decaying mansion in the Hollywood hills in which they were raised. But their decadent and reclusive cousins, the malicious wheelchair-bound Claimayne and his sister, Ariel, do not welcome Scott and Madeline's return to the childhood home they once shared. While Scott desperately wants to go back to their shabby South-of-Sunset lives, he cannot pry his sister away from this haunted "House of Usher in the Hollywood Hills" that is a conduit for the supernatural.Decorated by bits salvaged from old hotels and movie sets, Caveat hides a dark family secret that stretches back to the golden days of Rudolph Valentino and the silent film stars. A collection of hypnotic eight-limbed abstract images inked on paper allows the Maddens to briefly fragment and flatten time - to transport themselves into the past and future in visions that are both puzzling and terrifying. Though their cousins know little about these ancient "spiders" which provoke unpredictable temporal dislocations, Ariel and Claimayne have been using for years - an addiction that has brought Claimayne to the brink of selfish destruction. As Madeline falls more completely under Caveat's spell, Scott discovers that to protect her, he must use the perilous spiders himself. But will he unravel the mystery of the Madden family's past and finally free them. or be pulled deeper into their deadly web?"--
Time machine
Princess Mia
The search for the red dragon
The Vanishers
Illustrated Eric
The limits to travel : how far will you go?
Jet black heart
Finnish botanists on the Kola Peninsula (Russia) up to 1918.
Fortunately, the milk
InterWorld
Twelve monkeys : special edition : limited edition
The entropy of bones : a novel
Analysing multimodal accessibility and mobility in urban environments : final report of an intensive course at the Department of Geosciences and Geography, University of Helsinki, autumn 2014
Journey time and occupancy characteristics of the Helsinki metropolitan public transport system
Adrian Bardon's A Brief History of the Philosophy of Time is a short yet thorough introduction to the history, philosophy, and science of the study of time-from the pre-Socratic philosophers through Einstein and beyond. Its treatment is roughly chronological, starting with the ancient Greek philosophers Heraclitus and Parmenides and proceeding through the history of Western philosophy and science up to the present. Using illustrations and keeping technical language to a minimum, A Brief History of the Philosophy of Time covers subjects such as time and change, the experience of time, physical and metaphysical approaches to the nature of time, the direction of time, time-travel, time and freedom of the will, and scientific and philosophical approaches to eternity and the beginning of time. Bardon brings the resources of over 2500 years of philosophy and science to bear on some of humanity's most fundamental and enduring questions.
Time was
Miss Peregrine's home for peculiar children
The time traveller's almanac : the ultimate treasury of time travel fiction - brought to you from the future
Drums of autumn : [a novel]
How to live safely in a science fictional universe
The architect of aeons
Back to the future : the game : 30th anniversary edition : Xbox 360.
Ivan Vasilievich : back to the future [= Ivan Vasiljevitš menjajet professiju]
Doctor Who : the Eleventh Doctor. Vol 3, Conversion
The mammoth book of time travel SF
A brief history of the philosophy of time
Back to the future : the game : Wii
Doctor Who : the eleventh doctor. Vol 5, the one
A darker shade of magic
Short-term prediction of traffic flow status for online driver information
Shades of earth
Designing shift calendar for mobile phone
Twelve monkeys
Finnish botanists actively studied the flora of Karelia (Karelian Republic) and the Kola Peninsula (Murmansk Region) when Finland was a Grand Duchy of Russia in 1809-1918. J. Fellman's expeditions in 1829 were the first notable botanical expeditions to the area. Geologically and floristically the area was similar to Finland, and exploring the area was considered to be a national duty for Finnish biologists. Almost 40 Finnish scientists who travelled on the Kola Peninsula collected significant amounts of herbarium specimens from there. The specimens are mostly in H, but duplicates were distributed widely. The collectors include M. Aschan, W. M. Axelson (Linnaniemi), V. Borg (Kivilinna), M. Brenner, V. F. Brotherus, R. Envald, J. Fellman, N. I. Fellman, C. W. Fontell, E. af Hällström, H. Hollmén, P. A. Karsten, A. Osw. Kihlman (Kairamo), F. W. Klingstedt, H. Lindberg, J. Lindén, A. J. Malmberg (Mela), J. Montell, F. Nylander, J. A. Palmén, V. Pesola, P. A. Rantaniemi, J. Sahlberg, and G. Selin. A short description is given of the biographies of the most important collectors with notes on their itineraries. Details of the collections from the Kola Peninsula are mostly taken from the vascular-plant specimens kept in the Finnish main herbaria and entered in the Floristic database Kastikka of the Finnish Museum of Natural History. As to bryophytes, lichens and other fungi, only a small proportion has been entered into the database. A network of biogeographic provinces for the Kola Peninsula was created by Finnish scientists in the mid 1800s, and it is still commonly used. Changes in the boundaries of provinces in the peninsula are discussed. The herbarium data are given according to the provinces.
The key
T.I.M.E stories
Here, there be dragons
Hollow City : the second novel of Miss Peregrine's peculiar children
Essays of travel and in the art of writing
Analysing spatial accessibility patterns with travel time and distance measures : novel approaches for rural and urban contexts
Old magic
The dark
The dark highlander
Medusa's web : a novel
To tame a Highland warrior
Back to the future : the game : 30th anniversary edition : Xbox One
The gardener from Ochakov
Tales of the peculiar
How to build a time machine
Doctor Who : the ninth doctor. Vol. 1, Weapons of past destruction
Dory is on holiday with her family when she finds an old jar below a mossy tree. The note inside changes everything. 'Dearest Eli, I cannot wait for the day that we escape . . .' A jet pendant and a dark tangle of secrets draw Dory back in time and into the arms of the gorgeous Eli. Can Dory help save Eli's sister from their cruel father, or will she -- and all she holds dear -- be lost to the jet black heart? / WorldCat.
Doctor Who:   The Eight Doctor . Vol. 1,  a matter of life and death
The time machine
Across the universe
Chasing stars
Back to the future : the game : 30th anniversary edition : PS4
Ptolemy's gate
Chrononauts
The wheels of change & the time machine
In the company of thieves
Pastworld
Doctor Who : the Twelfth Doctor. Volume 5, The twist
The recollection
Doctor Who : the Eleventh Doctor. Vol 2, Serve you
Touch the dark
The space between : an Outlander novella
Recurrence plot : (and other time travel tales)
Kiss of the highlander
City of shadows
"From V.E. Schwab, the critically acclaimed author of Vicious, comes a new universe of daring adventure, thrilling power, and parallel Londons, beginning with A Darker Shade of Magic.  Kell is one of the last Travelers--magicians with a rare, coveted ability to travel between parallel universes--as such, he can choose where he lands. There's Grey London, dirty and boring, without any magic, ruled by a mad King George. Then there's Red London, where life and magic are revered, and the Maresh Dynasty presides over a flourishing empire. White London, ruled by whoever has murdered their way to the throne--a place where people fight to control magic, and the magic fights back, draining the city to its very bones. And once upon a time, there was Black London...but no one speaks of that now. Officially, Kell is the Red Traveler, personal ambassador and adopted Prince of Red London, carrying the monthly correspondences between the royals of each London. Unofficially, Kell is a smuggler, servicing people willing to pay for even the smallest glimpses of a world they'll never see--a dangerous hobby, and one that has set him up for accidental treason. Fleeing into Grey London, Kell runs afoul of Delilah Bard, a cut-purse with lofty aspirations, first robs him, then saves him from a dangerous enemy, and then forces him to spirit her to another world for a proper adventure.  But perilous magic is afoot, and treachery lurks at every turn. To save all of the worlds, Kell and Lila will first need to stay alive--and that is proving trickier than they hoped. "--
Go set a watchman
Bill & Ted's excellent adventure : 25th anniversary edition
After going through a time gateway, Caleb Hornblower is stuck in the present. He needs to find a way to return to the future, but after falling in love with Liberty Stone, Caleb isn't sure he can leave the past behind.
