http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12866 nape of the neck
nape of the neck
Plastic surgery. Vol. 2, The head and neck, part 1
Neuroimaging : the essentials
Management of acute and chronic neck pain : an evidence-based approach
Head and neck anatomy for dental medicine
Health information technology in community pharmacies : a strategic approach
A study of neck injury arising from motor vehicle accidents and its clinical management
First trimester screening and Down syndrome
Low back disorders in the long term among employees in the engineering industry : a study with 5-, 10- and 28-year follow-ups
Frontiers in whiplash trauma : clinical and biomechanical
An atlas of head & neck surgery
Work-related shoulder and neck pain with reference to muscle activity, individual factors, and psychosocial exposures
Neck and back pain : a practical guide to getting on with your life
Mathematical logic quarterly
Myofascial pain and dysfunction : the trigger point manual. Vol. 1, The upper extremities
Teachers college record
Ethnic and racial studies
This second edition of volume 3 in the Thieme Atlas of Anatomy series now covers anatomy of the neck as well as anatomy of the head and neuroanatomy. It includes over 200 stunning new anatomic illustrations as well as a substantial number of additional clinical correlations. Descriptions of anatomic structures and their relationships to one another, along with information on the development of the structures, anomalies, and common pathologies, appear in every chapter.
Handbook of MRI technique
Cooperation and conflict
Battle on the snow
8 steps to a pain-free back : natural posture solutions for pain in the back, neck, shoulder, hip, knee, and foot
Uniform resource names
Spa massage for shoulder, neck and face
Social anthropology
Healing yoga for neck & shoulder pain : easy, effective practices for releasing tension and relieving pain
Journal of navigation
Indian head massage : discover the power of touch
The role of adverse events after naprapathic manual therapy as a prognostic factor
Neck and shoulder pain : [special health report]
Information management report
Acland's DVD atlas of human anatomy. DVD 4, The head and neck ; Part 1
Review of economics and statistics
Specifying remote services for industrial power systems
The advanced myoskeletal techniques : evaluation and treatment of head, neck and back pain
Treating your back & neck pain for dummies
Summary: Neck pain and fever in a dog - two case reports.
Whiplash injuries : the cervical acceleration / deceleration syndrome
Stretching, the DVD Bob Anderson
The national library as a pioneer of the information society
Chronic neck pain : an epidemiological, psychological and SPECT study with emphasis on whiplash-associated disorders
Oxford economic papers
Head and neck trauma : an interdisciplinary approach
Whiplash injury : perspectives on the development of chronic pain
The effect of communicating e-service benefits on consumer e-service adoption
Archiving the web : European experiences
Textbook of head and neck anatomy
Treatment of chronic non-specific neck pain with emphasis on strength training
Journal of American studies
Determination of valence and conduction band offsets at the GalnP/GaAs heterojunction
Field's anatomy, palpation, and surface markings
The percussionists' guide to injury treatment and prevention : the answer guide for drummers in pain
Neck and arm pain syndromes : evidence-informed screening, diagnosis and management
Physical exercise and musculoskeletal pain among forest industry workers
Mobile Guide : An offline web application for mobile devices
Journal of economic behavior and organization
Thieme atlas of anatomy. Vol. 3 / head, neck, and neuroanatomy
EVA - The acquisition and archiving of electronic network publications in Finland
Physical examination in orthopaedics
Tumors of the upper aerodigestive tract and ear
Science, theory and clinical application in orthopaedic manual physical therapy : Volume 2, scientific therapeutic exercise progressions (STEP): the neck and upper extremity
Sobotta atlas of human anatomy. [vol. 3], Head, neck, and neuroanatomy
Kinesiology taping for rehab and injury prevention : an easy, at-home guide for overcoming common strains, pains and conditions
Work-related neck and upper limb : musculoskeletal disorders
Neck and arm pain
Sobotta atlas of human anatomy. vol. 3, Head, neck, and neuroanatomy
Marius Barbeau's photographic collection : the Nass River
Neck pain in adolescent headache sufferers : a cohort study of schoolchildren
Cervical loading analysis of fighter pilots : studies on cumulative loading, contributing factors and interventions
Presents dissections of unembalmed human bodies, allowing access to specific content through indexes and keyword searches. The specimens rotate relative to the camera, giving a three-dimensional view. Synchronized narration introduces strutures and their relationships. Links to section contents and index appear throughout; the main menu offers access to the index, table of contents (including review) and glossary for each disc.
Physical work load as a risk factor for symptoms in the neck and upper limbs : exposure assessment and ergonomic intervention
Neck and shoulder pain related to computer use : Terveysnetti
Third world quarterly
Journal of librarianship & information science
The degenerative cervical spine
Netter's head and neck anatomy for dentistry
Word meaning negotiation in online discussion forum communication
Acland's DVD atlas of human anatomy. DVD 4, The head and neck. Part 1
Nucleic acids research
Non-invasive measurement of human cervical muscles : an ultrasonographic and muscle strength test study
Journal of occupational & organizational psychology
Illustrated anatomy of the head and neck
Housing, theory and society
Journal of productivity analysis
Acland's DVD atlas of human anatomy. DVD 5, The head and neck. Part 2
Advanced myofascial techniques. Volume 2, Neck, head, spine and ribs
Netter's clinical anatomy
Head and neck anatomy : a clinical reference
Criteria document for evaluating the work-relatedness of upper-extremity musculoskeletal disorders
Cognitive linguistics
Neck injury after repeated flexions due to parachuting : case report
Effects of stress and visual display unit work on tension-type headache and tension neck syndrome
Language variation and change
Growth and adaptability of skeletal components in the craniocervical junction area. Animal experiments and human roentgen cephalometric measurements. : [väitöskirjakatsaus]
Atlas of regional and free flaps for head and neck reconstruction : flap harvest and insetting
Introduction to the theme of the seminar
Soft tissue pain and disability
Mechanical neck pain : perspectives in functional anatomy
Course materials in virtual education : presentations of the seminar on electronic course materials on 24 October 2001 organized by the Helsinki University Undergraduate Library
Advanced treatment techniques for the manual therapist : neck
Indian head massage : Jill Russell
The rheumatoid cervical spine
Sobotta atlas of human anatomy 1. Vol. 1, Head, neck, upper limb
Work with computing systems WWCS 2007, Stockholm
The process of remembering with the Forgotten Australians : digital storytelling and marginalized groups
Whiplash injuries in Finland : incidence, prognosis and predictive factors for the long-term outcome
Low back and neck pain : comprehensive diagnosis and management
Full-body flexibility
Plastic surgery. Vol. 3, The head and neck, part 2
Yliopistopedagogiikka = Journal of university pedagogy
Neck pain : new perspectives : 14th Physiatric Summer School : 15.-16.08.2013, Helsinki
The British journal of aesthetics
Surgery of the craniovertebral junction
The head, neck, and trunk : muscles and motor points
Assessing physical capacity, disability, and health-related quality of life in neck pain
Atlas of anatomy : neck and internal organs
The maximal isometric strength of the cervical flexor, extensor and rotator muscles in 220 healthy females aged 20 to 59 years
Head and neck imaging
Finnish preschool and first-grade children's use of media at home
Expertddx : head and neck
Summary.
Rheumatoid cervical spine : focusing on changes in the atlanto-axial area
Thieme atlas of anatomy : neck and internal organs
Clinical anatomy and management of cervical spine pain : volume 3
Keep your joints young : banish your aches, pains and creaky joints
Comparative studies in society and history
Relax your neck, liberate your shoulders : the ultimate exercise program for tension relief
Pocket atlas of sectional anatomy : computed tomography and magnetic resonance imaging. Vol. 1, Head, neck, spine, and joints
Head and neck : 100 top diagnoses
Journal of econometrics
Pocket atlas of cross-sectional anatomy : computed tomography and magnetic resonance imaging. Vol. 1, Head, neck, spine and joints
IT Service commoditization : Case Contactor
Atlas of surface palpation : anatomy of the neck, trunk, upper and lower limbs
Treat your own neck
Physical therapy of the cervical and thoracic spine
Acland's DVD atlas of human anatomy. DVD 5, The head and neck ; Part 2
Anatomy of the head and neck
Examination of the neck : validity of some clinical, radiological and epidemiologic methods
Atlas of surface palpation : the anatomy of the neck, trunk, upper and lower limbs
Diagnostic imaging : head and neck
Language problems & language planning
The journal of modern history
Review of industrial organization
Journal of business ethics : elektronisk version
