http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12828 multimedia (information technology)
multimedia (information technology)
Multimedia databases in perspective
Wireless multimedia communications : convergence, DSP, QoS, and security
70 000 multimedia graphics package
Service-Oriented Computing: Agents, Semantics, and Engineering : AAMAS 2009 International Workshop SOCASE 2009, Budapest, Hungary, May 11, 2009. Proceedings
The ability to communicate cultural codes in multimedia depends on their meaning and beauty, as perceived by different audiences around the globe. In this book, the ongoing research on computational modeling of visual, musical and textual contents is described in terms of identifying and mapping their semantic representations across different cultures. The underlying psychology of sense-making is quantified through analysis of aesthetics in terms of organizational and structural aspects of the contents that influence an audience’s formation of expectations for future signals, violations of these expectations, and explanations of their meaning. Complexity-accuracy tradeoffs in sound representation are further used to develop new computational methods that capture poietic and aesthetic aspects in music communication. Experimental studies are reported that try to characterize preferences for complexity in abstract, classical and traditional art and music across samples of Western and Far Eastern cultures. These experiments illustrate how aesthetics can be computed in terms of semantic and information measures, highlighting commonalities and uncovering differences in aesthetic preferences across cultures and individuals.
Longman introductory course for the TOEFL test
This book contains papers invited after the First International Workshop on Mobile Social Signal Processing, MSSP 2010, held in Lisbon, Portugal, in September 2010. The 9 revised papers included in this volume represent the diversity of two fields of research, Mobile HCI and Social Signal Processing, and areas of overlap. They cover a wide range of topics spanning from approaches for effective interaction with mobile and wearable devices to modelling, analysis and synthesis of nonverbal behaviour in human-human and human-machine interactions.
Piano : interactive piano course
Exploiting multimedia components in small user interfaces
Microsoft PowerPoint 2016 step by step
Spend the night
MSEC2011 is an integrated conference concentrating its focus upon Multimedia ,Software Engineering, Computing and Education. In the proceeding, you can learn much more knowledge about Multimedia, Software Engineering ,Computing and Education of researchers all around the world. The main role of the proceeding is to be used as an exchange pillar for researchers who are working in the mentioned field. In order to meet high standard of Springer, AISC series ,the organization committee has made their efforts to do the following things. Firstly, poor quality paper has been refused after reviewing course by anonymous referee experts. Secondly, periodically review meetings have been held around the reviewers about five times for exchanging reviewing suggestions. Finally, the conference organization had several preliminary sessions before the conference. Through efforts of different people and departments, the conference will be successful and fruitful.
Web Engineering : 7th International Conference, ICWE 2007 Como, Italy, July 16-20, 2007 Proceedings
How multimedia works
Advances in Data Mining. Applications and Theoretical Aspects : 10th Industrial Conference, ICDM 2010, Berlin, Germany, July 12-14, 2010. Proceedings
Musicians and multimedia
Seminario Sobre Turismo y nuevas tecnologias de la informacion : Madrid, 23 de enero de 1996 = Seminar on tourism and new information technologies : Madrid, Spain, 23 January 1996.
The Semantic Web : 6th International Semantic Web Conference, 2nd Asian Semantic Web Conference, ISWC 2007 + ASWC 2007, Busan, Korea, November 11-15, 2007. Proceedings
The Semantic Web: Research and Applications : 7th Extended Semantic Web Conference, ESWC 2010, Heraklion, Crete, Greece, May 30 – June 3, 2010, Proceedings, Part II
Web Technologies and Applications : 15th Asia-Pacific Web Conference, APWeb 2013, Sydney, Australia, April 4-6, 2013. Proceedings
Learning processing : a beginner's guide to programming images, animation, and interaction
Becoming designers : education & influence
Adobe Dreamweaver CS6 on demand
More than you think you are
Machine learning for audio, image and video analysis : theory and applications
The Cambridge handbook of multimedia learning
Distance training : taking stock at a time of change
Virtual Worlds : First International Conference, VW’98 Paris, France, July 1–3, 1998 Proceedings
Walking on a thin line
Embedded and Multimedia Computing Technology and Service : EMC 2012
Computers and creativity
Beginning Silverlight 2 : from novice to professional
The psychology of music in multimedia
This book includes a short history of interactive narrative and an account of a small group collaboratively authored social media narrative: Romeo and Juliet on Facebook: After Love Comes Destruction. At the forefront of narrative innovation are social media channels – speculative spaces for creating and experiencing stories that are interactive and collaborative. Media, however, is only the access point to the expressiveness of narrative content. Wikis, messaging, mash-ups, and social media (Facebook, Twitter, YouTube and others) are on a trajectory of participatory story creation that goes back many centuries. These forms offer authors ways to create narrative meaning that reflects our current media culture, as the harlequinade reflected the culture of the 18th century, and as the volvelle reflected that of the 13th century. Interactivity, Collaboration, and Authoring in Social Media first prospects the last millennium for antecedents of today’s authoring practices. It does so with a view to considering how today’s digital manifestations are a continuation, perhaps a reiteration, perhaps a novel pioneering, of humans’ abiding interest in interactive narrative. The book then takes the reader inside the process of creating a collaborative, interactive narrative in today’s social media through an authoring experience undertaken by a group of graduate students. The engaging mix of blogs, emails, personal diaries, and fabricated documents used to create the narrative demonstrates that a social media environment can facilitate a meaningful and productive collaborative authorial experience and result in an abundance of networked, personally expressive, and visually and textually referential content. The resulting narrative, After Love Comes Destruction, based in Shakespeare’s Romeo and Juliet, shows how a generative narrative space evolved around the students’ use of social media in ways they had not previously considered both for authoring and for delivery of their final narrative artifact.   About the Author: Krystina Madej is Visiting Professor at the School of Literature, Media, and Communication at Georgia Tech in Atlanta and at the Center for Digital Media in Vancouver, Canada. She is co-author of Disney Stories: Getting to Digital with Newton Lee (Springer 2012).
Digital Libraries: Universal and Ubiquitous Access to Information : 11th International Conference on Asian Digital Libraries, ICADL 2008, Bali, Indonesia, December 2-5, 2008. Proceedings
This textbook contains the proceedings from the 3rd International Conference on Technologies for Interactive Digital Storytelling and Entertainment (TIDSE 2006). The contributions are grouped into six sections, which include subjects like virtual characters, story authoring, narrative systems, and examples of their application. During recent years, Interactive Digital Storytelling has evolved as a prospering - search topic, banding together formerly disjoined disciplines stemming from the arts and humanities as well as computer science. The subject of this book is of course strongly related to the notion of ‘storytelling’, which has been used as an effective means for the communication of knowledge and social values, ever since the early history of humankind. It also tries to build a bridge between current academic trends, for example, by investigating and formalizing narrative aspects of computer games, and by its developments for the experience-based design of human–media interaction in general. Starting with a scientific workshop at national level in 2000, the Digital Sto- telling group at ZGDV Darmstadt originated TIDSE, the International Conference for Technologies in Interactive Digital Storytelling and Entertainment. TIDSE 2003, TIDSE 2004, and TIDSE 2006 continued this series, and provided the latest research outcomes and indications for its usage within entertainment applications.
This book describes the design, development, and testing of a novel digital watermarking technique for color images using Magic Square and Ridgelet transforms. The novel feature of the method is that it generates and uses multiple copies of the digital watermark. The book describes how the method was tested for embedding digital watermarks into color cover images, resulting in very high PSNR value and yielding comparable results with existing watermarking techniques. To reach this new method, eight different techniques are designed, developed and tested. First, the authors test two digital watermarking techniques based on encryption: Image Watermark Using Complete Complementary Code Technique (CCCT) and Image Watermarking Using CCC-Fast Walsh Hadamard Transform Technique (CCC-FWHTT). Next, four digital watermarking techniques based on curvelet transforms are discussed: Image Watermarking Using Curvelet Transform (WCT), Watermark Wavelets in Curvelets of Cover Image (WWCT), Resized Watermark into Curvelets of Cover Image (RWCT), and Resized Watermark Wavelets into Curvelets of Cover Image (RWWCT). Then, two final techniques are presented: Image Watermarking Based on Magic Square (MST) and Image watermarking based on Magic Square and Ridgelet Transform (MSRTT). Future research directions are explored in the final chapter. Designed for professionals and researchers in computer graphics and imaging, Digital Watermarking Techniques in Curvelet and Ridgelet Domain is also a useful tool for advanced-level students.
Web Information Systems Engineering – WISE 2008 Workshops : WISE 2008 International Workshops, Auckland, New Zealand, September 1-4, 2008. Proceedings
This book constitutes the joint refereed proceedings of three workshops held in conjunction with the 9th International Conference on Web Information Systems Engineering, WISE 2008 in Auckland, New Zealand, September, 2008. The 16 revised full papers presented were carefully reviewed and selected from 40 submissions for presentation in the following workshops: The First International Workshop on Web Information Systems Engineering for Electronic Businesses and Governments (E-BAG 2008), The Second International Workshop on Web Usability and Accessibility (IWWUA 2008), and The First International Workshop on Mashups, Enterprise Mashups and Lightweight Composition on theWeb (MEM and LCW 2008).
Web and Wireless Geographical Information Systems : 7th International Symposium, W2GIS 2007, Cardiff, UK, November 28-29, 2007. Proceedings
Building a web site for dummies
Foundation Flash CS5 for designers
You've got to believe in something
Xplosiv : Sega worldwide soccer
Industrial and educational applications of interactive multimedia
Ghost in the machine [2003 CD]
Cambridge learner's dictionary
This book constitutes the refereed proceedings of the 14th International Conference on Database Systems for Advanced Applications, DASFAA 2009, held in Brisbane, Australia, in April 2009. The 39 revised full papers and 22 revised short papers presented together with 3 invited keynote papers, 9 demonstration papers, 3 tutorial abstracts, and one panel abstract were carefully reviewed and selected from 186 submissions. The papers are organized in topical sections on uncertain data and ranking, sensor networks, graphs, RFID and data streams, skyline and rising stars, parallel and distributed processing, mining and analysis, XML query, privacy, XML keyword search and ranking, Web and Web services, XML data processing, and multimedia.
Bringing together experts in multimodal signal processing, this book provides a detailed introduction to the area, with a focus on the analysis, recognition and interpretation of human communication. The technology described has powerful applications. For instance, automatic analysis of the outputs of cameras and microphones in a meeting can make sense of what is happening – who spoke, what they said, whether there was an active discussion and who was dominant in it. These analyses are layered to move from basic interpretations of the signals to richer semantic information. The book covers the necessary analyses in a tutorial manner, going from basic ideas to recent research results. It includes chapters on advanced speech processing and computer vision technologies, language understanding, interaction modeling and abstraction, as well as meeting support technology. This guide connects fundamental research with a wide range of prototype applications to support and analyze group interactions in meetings.
Multimedia explained
The Overview and Appliance of some Streaming Video software solutions
Professional Silverlight 4
Advances in Image and Video Technology : Third Pacific Rim Symposium, PSIVT 2009, Tokyo, Japan, January 13-16, 2009. Proceedings
The iPhone book : how to do the most important, useful & fun stuff with your iPhone
Haptic and Audio Interaction Design : 5th International Workshop, HAID 2010, Copenhagen, Denmark, September 16-17, 2010. Proceedings
Web Engineering : 9th International Conference, ICWE 2009 San Sebastián, Spain, June 24-26, 2009 Proceedings
Star wars. Battlefront II : PC DVD-ROM
Media law for producers
E-Learning, E-Education, and Online Training : Second International Conference, eLEOT 2015, Novedrate, Italy, September 16-18, 2015, Revised Selected Papers
Multimedia - a Communication Highway for the Deaf : seminar 9th to 10th November 1996 Light House Helsinki, Finland : European Union of the Deaf
Concept development of multimedia : a case study of the evaluation of productions in the Europrix contest
The ABC murders
This book constitutes the refereed proceedings of the 15th Asia-Pacific Conference APWeb 2013 held in Sydney, Australia, in April 2013. The 80 papers presented were carefully reviewed and selected from numerous submissions. The papers are organized in topical sections on distributed processing; graphs; Web search and Web mining; XML, RDF data and query processing; social networks; probabilistic queries; multimedia and visualization; spatial-temporal databases; data mining and knowledge discovery; privacy and security; performance, query processing and optimization. There are also sections summarizing the tutorials and containing the papers from the following workshops: second international workshop on data management for emerging network infrastructure, international workshop on soical media analytics and recommendation technologies, and international workshop on management of spatial temporal data.
This volume presents selected papers from prominent researchers participating in the 11th International Conference on Future Information Technology and the 10th International Conference on Multimedia and Ubiquitous Engineering, Beijing, China, April 20-22, 2016. These large international conferences provided an opportunity for academic and industry professionals to discuss recent progress in the fields of multimedia technology and ubiquitous engineering including new models and systems and novel applications associated with the utilization and acceptance of ubiquitous computing devices and systems. The contributions contained in this book also provide more information about digital and multimedia convergence, intelligent applications, embedded systems, mobile and wireless communications, bio-inspired computing, grid and cloud computing, the semantic web, user experience and HCI, security and trust computing. This book describes the state of the art in multimedia and ubiquitous engineering, and future IT models and their applications.
Tools of engagement : presenting and training in a world of social media
This book presents a coherent state-of-the-art survey on the area of systematic and cognitive musicology which has enjoyed dynamic growth now for many years. It is devoted to exploring the relationships between acoustics, human information processing, and culture as well as to methodological issues raised by the widespread use of computers as a powerful tool for theory construction, theory testing, and the manipulation of musical information or any kind of data manipulation related to music.
Lumina - a fantasy story for young adults : a case study on designing a concept for an experience e-book
This volume has been prepared in honor of Prof. Georg Färber, to celebrate his 34 years of service at TU München, as the Head of the Lehrstuhl für Realzeit-Computersysteme. It contains a collection of articles reflecting the state-of-the-art in the area of real-time systems. The topics included span over automotive software and electronics, software timing analysis, models for real-time systems, compilation of real-time programs, real-time microkernels and cyber-physical systems. It is intended to serve as a reference book for graduate-level courses. It will also be helpful to both researchers in the academia, as well as to practitioners from the industry.
Service-Oriented Computing: Agents, Semantics, and Engineering : AAMAS 2008 International Workshop, SOCASE 2008, Estoril, Portugal, May 12, 2008 Proceedings
1 Introduction Imagine a virtual world with digital creatures that looks like real life, sounds like real life, and even feels like real life. Imagine a virtual world not only with nice three dimensional graphics and animations, but also with realistic physical laws and forces. This virtual world could be familiar, reproducing some parts of our reality, or unfa miliar, with strange “physical” laws and artificial life forms. As a researcher interested in the sciences of complexity, the idea of a conference about virtual worlds emerged from frustration. In the last few years, there has been an increasing interest in the design of artificial environments using image synthesis and virtual reality. The emergence of industry standards such as VRML [1] is an illustra tion of this growing interest. At the same time, the field of Artificial Life has ad dressed and modeled complex phenomena such as self organization, reproduction, development, and evolution of artificial life like systems [2]. One of the most popular works in this field has been Tierra designed by Tom Ray: an environment producing synthetic organisms based on a computer metaphor of organic life in which CPU time is the “energy” resource and memory is the “material” resource [3]. Memory is or ganized into informational patterns that exploit CPU time for self replication. Muta tion generates new forms, and evolution proceeds by natural selection as different creatures compete for CPU time and memory space.
Colin McRae rally 04
The story
The interest in mobile information technology for emergency response (ER) comes from the simple fact that an important part of this work is done in the ?eld. With little or no infrastructure to rely on, ER operatives have to make do with the tools they bring along. Of course, ER organizations build, invest in and do rely on infrastructure for their operations and this includes sophisticated stationary information technology. The systems used for dispatching ER units are a good example for this. While such systems are very important to support strategic planning and decision making, the e?ects of emergency response work eventuallyhaveto be createdonsite. And this includes bothobtaining the inf- mation required for taking informed decisions as well as implementing decisions through targeted actions in the ?eld. All of this is of course not new. The tra- o? between responding quickly with the available resources to the situation at hand and responding with more deliberation to strategic goals and constraints is not inherent to the use of information technology but to responding to em- gencies in general. What is new is that current and foreseeable innovations in mobile information technology have the potential to o?er substantially better support for emergency response ?eld work, resulting in better solutions for this trade-o?. By providing better gathering, communication and processing of re- vant informationbetweenall actorsinvolved,we believe that mobile information technology can be a valuable tool in the hands of ER professionals to increase the speed, precision, e?ciency and e?ectiveness of their operations.
Multimedia data mining and analytics : disruptive innovation
Literacy Theories for the Digital Age insightfully brings together six essential approaches to literacy research and educational practice. The book provides powerful and accessible theories for readers, including Socio-cultural, Critical, Multimodal, Socio-spatial, Socio-material and Sensory Literacies. The brand new Sensory Literacies approach is an original and visionary contribution to the field, coupled with a provocative foreword from leading sensory anthropologist David Howes. This dynamic collection explores a legacy of literacy research while showing the relationships between each paradigm, highlighting their complementarity and distinctions.
RTS protocol and the Symbian platform
This book constitutes the thoroughly refereed post-workshop proceedings of the Second International Workshop on Mobile Information Technology for Emergency Response, MobileResponse 2008 held in Bonn, Germany, in May 2008. The 12 revised papers presented together with 2 kenote lectures and 1 invited paper were carefully reviewed and selected from 25 submissions. The papers are organized in topical sections on emergency alerting systems and indoor navigation, spatial and visual information for site exploration, collaboration and information management, as well as communication and security concepts.
Times of Convergence. Technologies Across Learning Contexts : Third European Conference on Technology Enhanced Learning, EC-TEL 2008, Maastricht, The Netherlands, September 16-19, 2008. Proceedings
Tetris worlds
Retrogame Archeology : Exploring Old Computer Games
Digital Watermarking Techniques in Curvelet and Ridgelet Domain
Web developer's guide to multicasting
Silverlight 4 business intelligence software
The Powerpuff girls : Mojo Jojo's pet project
Tiivistelmä: The goal of this final year project was visualizing the Master ́ s Degree research in Change Management done by Remco Meisner and Roelof van Cleef at the VU University Amsterdam. The main goal of the project was to use a model called MINCE which is meant for evaluating the maturity level of organizations and to suggest ways to achieve a desired state.    A short film was created. The target group consisted of students of the change management department at the VU University Amsterdam and the staff of three organizations participating in the study.    The official premier of the film took place during the Master Dissertation presentation at the VU University Amsterdam. It was also shown in Andarr, an independent company based in Utrecht with more than sixty consultants in the field of ICT and management, (comma) in which Remco Meisner worked as a consultant at the time. The film can also be watched on YouTube and on the MINCE foundation website.    There might be need for continuation, since interest in studies in change management and in the MINCE model in particular is growing. The film can be developed further with voice over or subtitles in different languages.
After nearly half a century of research, the Holy Grail of the ?eld of art- cial intelligence (AI) remains a comprehensive computational model capable of emulating the marvelous abilities of animals, including locomotion, p- ception, behavior, manipulation, learning, and cognition. The comprehensive modeling of higher animals –humans and other primates –remains elusive; However, the research documented in this monograph achieves nothing less than a functional computer model of certain species of lower animals that are by no means trivial in their complexity. Reported herein is the 1996 ACM Doctoral Dissertation Award winning work of Xiaoyuan Tu, which she carried out in the Department of Computer Science at the University of Toronto. Tu presents “arti?cial ?shes”, a rema- able computational model of familiar marine animals in their natural habitat. Originally conceived in the context of computer graphics, Tu’s is to date the only PhD dissertation from this major sub?eld of computer science (and the only thesis from a Canadian university) to win the coveted ACM award.
The challenge of multimedia : the emergence of a significant new medium for the 1990s
Multimedia engineering : a practical guide for internet implementation
Towards multimedia in corpus studies : introduction
This book constitutes the refereed post-conference proceedings of the 7th International Conference on Next Generation Information Technologies and Systems, NGITS 2009, held in Haifa, Israel, in June 2009. The 14 revised full papers presented together with two keynote lectures and one invited paper were carefully reviewed and selected from numerous submissions. The papers are organized in topical sections on middleware and integration, modeling, healthcare/biomedical, service and information management, and applications.
Establishing a Multimedia Company in Kenya
This book constitutes the proceedings of the 17th International Symposium on String Processing and Information Retrieval, SPIRE 2010, held in Los Cabos, Mexico, in October 2010. The 26 long and 13 short papers presented were carefully reviewed and selected from 109 submissions. The volume also contains 2 invited talks. The papers are structured in topical sections on crowdsourcing and recommendation; indexes and compressed indexes; theory; string algorithms; compressions; querying and search user experience; document analysis and comparison; compressed indexes; and string matching.
Introduction to multimedia systems
ACM Multimedia 97, November 9-13, 1997, Seattle, Washington, USA : proceedings
This book constitutes the thoroughly refereed post-conference proceedings of the 4th International Computer Music Modeling and Retrieval Symposium, CMMR 2007, held in Copenhagen, Denmark, in August 2007 jointly with the International Computer Music Conference 2007, ICMC 2007. The 33 revised full papers presented were carefully selected during two rounds of reviewing and improvement. Due to the interdisciplinary nature of the area, the papers address a broad variety of topics in computer science and engineering areas such as information retrieval, programming, human computer interaction, digital libraries, hypermedia, artificial intelligence, acoustics, signal processing, etc. CMMR 2007 has put special focus on the Sense of Sounds from the synthesis and retrieval point of view. This theme is pluridisciplinary by nature and associates the fields of sound modeling by analysis, synthesis, perception and cognition.
Deaf Vision : an Education for Deaf People in TV/Video and Multimedia : Horizon application
Computers are developing into a powerful medium integrating film, pictures, text and sound, and the use of computers for communication and information is rapidly expanding. The Computer as Medium brings insights from art, literature and theatre to bear on computers and discusses the communicative and organizational nature of computer networks within a historical perspective. The book consists of three parts. The first part characterizes the semiotic nature of computers and discusses semiotic approaches to programming and interface design. The second part discusses narrative and aesthetic issues of interactive fiction, information systems and hypertext. The final part contains papers on the cultural, organizational and historical impact of computers.The broad and rich coverage of this book will appeal to scholars in cognitive science, computer science, linguistics, semiotics, media studies and mass communications, cultural studies and education.
This volume contains the proceedings of the seventh International Conference on Web Engineering (ICWE2007), which was held in Como (Italy) in July 2007. The conference is the ?agship event of the community, promoting research and scienti?c progress in the Web engineering ?eld. The importance of the Web — and of its many related technologies— is widening the scope of the conference year after year, and is also leading to the cross-fertilization of several related disciplines (e.g., requirements engineering, testing and analysis, communication science, HCI, multimedia, and more).The conference brings together practiti- ers, scientists, and researchers committed to investigating and innovating the technologies, methodologies, tools, processes, and techniques used to construct, verify, and maintain Web-based applications and services. This year, the Call for Papers attracted a high number of submissions with a verygoodcoverageof allthe di?erentfacets of the Web engineeringdiscipline.A totalof172submissions(asforresearchpapers)allowedusto buildanattractive program of high technical and scienti?c quality. The 39 selected submissions comprise 26 full papers and 13 short papers (with an acceptance rate close to 23%); they cover the di?erent aspects highlighted in the Call for Papers and represent well the many Web engineering research groups active worldwide. The program spans from service-based systems to testing and analysis, from quality and metrics to models, and from semantic issues and Web 2.0 to application development techniques.
This textbook provides an introduction to the fundamentals of serious games, which differ considerably from computer games that are meant for pure entertainment. Undergraduate and graduate students from various disciplines who want to learn about serious games are one target group of this book. Prospective developers of serious games are another, as they can use the book for self-study in order to learn about the distinctive features of serious game design and development. And ultimately, the book also addresses prospective users of serious game technologies by providing them with a solid basis for judging the advantages and limitations of serious games in different application areas such as game-based learning, training and simulation or games for health. To cater to this heterogeneous readership and wide range of interests, every effort was made to make the book flexible to use. All readers are expected to study Chapter 1, as it provides the necessary basics and terminology that will be used in all subsequent chapters. The eleven chapters that follow cover the creation of serious games (design, authoring processes and tools, content production), the runtime context of serious games (game engines, adaptation mechanisms, game balancing, game mastering, multi-player serious games), the effects of serious games and their evaluation (player experience, assessment techniques, performance indicators), and serious games in practice (economic aspects, cost-benefit analysis, serious game distribution). To familiarize the readers with best practice in this field, the final chapter presents more than 30 selected examples of serious games illustrating their characteristics and showcasing their practical use. Lecturers can select chapters in a sequence that is most suitable for their specific course or seminar. The book includes specific suggestions for courses such as “Introduction to Serious Games”, “Entertainment Technology”, “Serious Game Design”, “Game-based Learning”, and “Applications of Serious Games”.
This book covers aspects of human re-identification problems related to computer vision and machine learning. Working from a practical perspective, it introduces novel algorithms and designs for human re-identification that bridge the gap between research and reality. The primary focus is on building a robust, reliable, distributed and scalable smart surveillance system that can be deployed in real-world scenarios. This book also includes detailed discussions on pedestrian candidates detection, discriminative feature extraction and selection, dimension reduction, distance/metric learning, and decision/ranking enhancement. This book is intended for professionals and researchers working in computer vision and machine learning. Advanced-level students of computer science will also find the content valuable.
The research domains information retrieval and information visualization have always been independent from each other. However, they have the potential to be mutually beneficial. With this in mind, a writer school was organized in Zinal, Switzerland, in January 2012, within the context of the EU-funded research project PROMISE (Participative Research Laboratory for Multimedia and Multilingual Information Systems Evaluation).  PROMISE aims at advancing the experimental evaluation of complex multimedia and multilingual information systems in order to support individuals, commercial entities, and communities who design, develop, employ, and improve such complex systems. The overall goal of PROMISE is to deliver a unified environment collecting data, knowledge, tools, and methodologies, and to help the user community involved in experimental evaluation. This book constitutes the outcome of the PROMISE Winter School 2012 and contains 11 invited lectures from the research domains information retrieval and information visualization. A large variety of subjects are covered, including hot topics such as crowdsourcing and social media.
SFML game development : learn how to use SFML 2.0 to develop your own feature-packed game
Advances in Multimedia, Software Engineering and Computing Vol.2 : Proceedings of the 2011 MSEC International Conference on Multimedia, Software Engineering and Computing, November 26–27, Wuhan, China
Duck City
Labyrinths : the art of interactive writing & design : content development for new media
Universal multimedia framework for online videoconferencing : Radical Chat
Mobile Response : Second International Workshop on Mobile Information Technology for Emergency Response, MobileResponse 2008. Bonn, Germany, May 29-30, 2008, Revised Selected Papers
Wheatus
The Forever changes concert
The Semantic Web: Research and Applications : 7th Extended Semantic Web Conference, ESWC 2010, Heraklion, Crete, Greece, May 30 –June 3, 2010, Proceedings, Part I
Content-based access to multimedia information : from technology trends to state of the art
Advances in Information Retrieval : 31th European Conference on IR Research, ECIR 2009, Toulouse, France, April 6-9, 2009. Proceedings
Creativity in amateur multimedia : popular culture, critical theory, and HCI
Brilliant Adobe Dreamweaver CS4
Creating Personalities for Synthetic Actors : Towards Autonomous Personality Agents
An introduction to digital media
Metaphorical narratives : a semiotic point of view on the pictorial rhetoric of multimedia edutainment
"I just saw someone die omfg" : multimodal representations of the shooting of Michael Brown on Tumblr
These proceedings contain the papers selected for presentation at the Seventh International Symposium on Web and Wireless Geographical Information Systems (W2GIS 2007). The symposium was organized locally by the University of Glamorgan (UK) and held in Cardiff (UK) in November 2007. It was the latest in a series of annual events that started in Kyoto 2001 and now alternate locations each year between East Asia and Europe. As in previous years, the aim of the symposium was to provide an up-to-date review of advances and recent developments in theoretical and technical issues relating to Web and wireless GIS technologies. The symposium organizers received 45 full papers in response to the call for papers. These papers went through a thorough review process, with each paper being assessed by at least three reviewers. The quality of papers was high, and 21 were selected for presentation and inclusion in these proceedings. It was particularly pleasing to note that 19 different countries are represented by the authors of selected papers. The keynote address was delivered by Jonathan Raper of City University, London, in which he talked about his research work in the areas of location-based services and mobile information needs. We wish to thank all the authors that submitted papers to this symposium. Our special thanks go to all those who attended, and particularly those who presented.
Mobile Communications : 7th CDMA International Conference, CIC 2002 Seoul, Korea, October 29 – November 1, 2002 Revised Papers
Interactive media essentials for success
Multimedia representations of distributed tactical operations
Advances in Information Retrieval : 32nd European Conference on IR Research, ECIR 2010, Milton Keynes, UK, March 28-31, 2010.Proceedings
Encyclopedia of multimedia technology and networking. Volume 1-2
Digital Video Concepts, Methods, and Metrics: Quality, Compression, Performance, and Power Trade-off Analysis is a concise reference for professionals in a wide range of applications and vocations. It focuses on giving the reader mastery over the concepts, methods and metrics of digital video coding, so that readers have sufficient understanding to choose and tune coding parameters for optimum results that would suit their particular needs for quality, compression, speed and power. The practical aspects are many: Uploading video to the Internet is only the beginning of a trend where a consumer controls video quality and speed by trading off various other factors. Open source and proprietary applications such as video e-mail, private party content generation, editing and archiving, and cloud asset management would give further control to the end-user. Digital video is frequently compressed and coded for easier storage and transmission. This process involves visual quality loss due to typical data compression techniques and requires use of high performance computing systems. A careful balance between the amount of compression, the visual quality loss and the coding speed is necessary to keep the total system cost down, while delivering a good user experience for various video applications. At the same time, power consumption optimizations are also essential to get the job done on inexpensive consumer platforms. Trade-offs can be made among these factors, and relevant considerations are particularly important in resource-constrained low power devices. To better understand the trade-offs this book discusses a comprehensive set of engineering principles, strategies, methods and metrics. It also exposes readers to approaches on how to differentiate and rank video coding solutions.
This book constitutes the refereed proceedings of the 5th International Workshop on Interactive Distributed Multimedia Systems and Telecommunication Services, IDMS'98, held in Oslo, Norway, in September 1998. The 23 revised full papers presented were carefully selected from a total of 68 submissions. Also included are seven position statements. The book is divided into topical sections on distributed multimedia applications; platforms for collaborative systems; MPEG; coding for WWW, wireless, and mobile environments; QoS and user aspects; flow control, congestion control, and multimedia streams; multimedia servers, documents, and authoring; and storage servers.
Professional iPhone and iPod touch programming : building applications for Mobile Safari
This book constitutes the proceedings of the Second International Conference on E-Learning, E-Education, and Online Training, eLEOT 2015, held in Novedrate, Italy, in September 2015. The 26 revised full papers presented were carefully reviewed and selected from 52 submissions. They focus on e-learning and distance education in science, technology, engineering and math.
Abstract: Universal multimedia framework for online videoconferencing : Radical Chat.
Web Information Systems and Mining : International Conference, WISM 2010, Sanya, China, October 23-24, 2010. Proceedings
  This is a collection of the accepted papers concerning soft computing in information communication technology. All accepted papers are subjected to strict peer-reviewing by 2 expert referees. The resultant dissemination of the latest research results, and the exchanges of views concerning the future research directions to be taken in this field makes the work of immense value to all those having an interest in the topics covered. The present book represents a cooperative effort to seek out the best strategies for effecting improvements in the quality and the reliability of Neural Networks, Swarm Intelligence, Evolutionary Computing, Image Processing Internet Security, Data Security, Data Mining, Network Security and Protection of data and Cyber laws. Our sincere appreciation and thanks go to these authors for their contributions to this conference. I hope you can gain lots of useful information from the book.
Human Re-Identification
Rayman raving rabbids : PC DVD-ROM
Encyclopedia of multimedia technology and networking
Flash XML applications : use AS2 and AS3 to create photo galleries, menus, and databases
Becoming a digital designer : a guide to careers in web, video, broadcast, game and animation design
Future Information Technology, Application, and Service : FutureTech 2012 Volume 2
That's where it's at!
E-learning 2.0 technologies and web applications in higher education
MSEC2011 is an integrated conference concentrating its focus upon Multimedia ,Software Engineering, Computing and Education. In the proceeding, you can learn much more knowledge about Multimedia, Software Engineering, Computing and Education of researchers all around the world. The main role of the proceeding is to be used as an exchange pillar for researchers who are working in the mentioned field. In order to meet high standard of Springer, AISC series ,the organization committee has made their efforts to do the following things. Firstly, poor quality paper has been refused after reviewing course by anonymous referee experts. Secondly, periodically review meetings have been held around the reviewers about five times for exchanging reviewing suggestions. Finally, the conference organization had several preliminary sessions before the conference. Through efforts of different people and departments, the conference will be successful and fruitful.
Busted stuff
Detection and Identification of Rare Audiovisual Cues
Haptic and Audio Interaction Design : 7th International Conference, HAID 2012, Lund, Sweden, August 23-24, 2012. Proceedings
The new media handbook
Advanced Multimedia and Ubiquitous Engineering : FutureTech & MUE
Practical guide to copyright for multimedia producers ; European Commission ; researcher Gilles Vercken
String Processing and Information Retrieval : 17th International Symposium, SPIRE 2010, Los Cabos, Mexico, October 11-13, 2010. Proceedings
Ads to icons : how advertising succeeds in a multimedia age
3D modeling optimization for multimedia production
How to read texts : a student guide to critical approaches and skills
Bleak House
Adobe® Dreamweaver® CS4 Bible
In your face : the best of interactive interface design
Digital video distribution in broadband, television, mobile and converged networks : trend, challenges and solutions
Hypermontage
This book constitutes the refereed proceedings of the 7th International Conference on Haptic and Audio Interaction Design, HAID 2012, held in Lund, Sweden, in August 2012. The 15 full papers presented were carefully reviewed and selected from numerous submissions. The papers are organized in topical sections on haptics and audio in navigation, supporting experiences and activities, object and interface, test and evaluation.
Visualizing change management as academic competence of customer
Abstract: 3D modeling optimization for multimedia production. This thesis is a research project on the similarities and difference in 3D modeling and optimizations for different sectors of multimedia. The purpose of this project is to analyse three different areas, and carry out a project for practical comparison purposes with the creation of a 3D model using different methods of modeling and optimization. The methods used in this project is a workflow step by step process of production, for later comparison and analysis. The result of this project was the creation of an optimized model for game production, the methods used at modeling pipeline and the comparison between different sectors of Multimedia illustrate the similarities and differences in modeling optimization between these sectors. This project is created to illustrate paths taken for modeling optimization in the biggest sectors of 3D production, with comparative results and analysis.
The web wizards's guide to Flash
"This is learning made easy. Students will get productive fast with PowerPoint 2016 and jump in wherever they need answers--brisk lessons and colorful screen shots show them exactly what to do, step by step."--www.pearsonhighered.com.
Adobe Illustrator CS2 revealed
Technologies for Interactive Digital Storytelling and Entertainment : Third International Conference, TIDSE 2006, Darmstadt, Germany, December 4-6, 2006. Proceedings
Multimedia : strategic opportunities and threats
Come clean
Computer Music Modeling and Retrieval. Sense of Sounds : 4th International Symposium, CMMR 2007, Copenhagen, Denmark, August 27-31, 2007. Revised Papers
Situation Recognition Using EventShop
Macmillan English dictionary for advanced learners
This journal subline serves as a forum for stimulating and disseminating innovative research ideas, theories, emerging technologies, empirical investigations, state-of-the-art methods, and tools in all different genres of edutainment, such as game-based learning and serious games, interactive storytelling, virtual learning environments, VR-based education, and related fields. It will cover aspects from educational and game theories, human-computer interaction, computer graphics, artificial intelligence, and systems design. The second volume in this series contains a selection of outstanding contributions from GDTW 2008, the 6th International Conference in Game Design and Technology, which took place in the UK, in November 2008, and Cyberworlds 2008, held in Hangzhou, China, in September 2008. These papers are complemented by contributions from international experts in this field.
Business week guide to multimedia presentations
This book constitutes the thoroughly refereed post-conference proceedings of the International Workshop on Service-Oriented Computing: Agents, Semantics and Engineering, SOCASE 2009, held in Budapest, Hungary, as an associated event of AAMAS 2009, the main international conference on autonomous agents and multi-agent systems. The 10 revised full papers presented were carefully reviewed and selected for inclusion in the book. The papers address a range of topics at the intersection of service-oriented computing, semantic technology, and intelligent multiagent systems, such as: service description and discovery; planning, composition and negotiation; semantic processes and service agents; as well as applications.
"In recent years, multimedia learning, or learning from words and images, has developed into a coherent discipline with a significant research base. The Cambridge Handbook of Multimedia Learning is unique in offering a comprehensive, up-to-date analysis of research and theory in the field, with a focus on computer-based learning. Since the first edition appeared in 2005, it has shaped the field and become the primary reference work for multimedia learning. Multimedia environments, including online presentations, e-courses, interactive lessons, simulation games, slideshows, and even textbooks, play a crucial role in education. This revised second edition incorporates the latest developments in multimedia learning and contains new chapters on topics such as drawing, video, feedback, working memory, learner control, and intelligent tutoring systems. It examines research-based principles to determine the most effective methods of multimedia instruction and considers research findings in the context of cognitive theory to explain how these methods work"--
Amanda stories : ten children's adventures
The 7th International Conference on Embedded and Multimedia Computing (EMC-12), will be held in Gwangju, Korea on September 6 - 8, 2012. EMC-12 will be the most comprehensive conference focused on the various aspects of advances in Embedded and Multimedia (EM) Computing. EMC-12 will provide an opportunity for academic and industry professionals to discuss the latest issues and progress in the area of EM. In addition, the conference will publish high quality papers which are closely related to the various theories and practical applications in EM. Furthermore, we expect that the conference and its publications will be a trigger for further related research and technology improvements in this important subject. The EMC-12 is the next event, in a series of highly successful International Conference on Embedded and Multimedia Computing, previously held as EMC 2011 (China, Aug. 2011), EMC 2010 (Philippines, Aug. 2010), EM-Com 2009 (Korea, Dec. 2009), UMC-08 (Australia, Oct. 2008), ESO-08(China, Dec. 2008), UMS-08 (Korea, April, 2008), UMS-07(Singapore, Jan. 2007), ESO-07(Taiwan, Dec. 2007), ESO-06(Korea, Aug. 2006). This book was supported by Korea Sanhak Foundation(KSF), Korea.
Computer telephony demystified : putting CTI, media services and IP telephony to work
This volume contains papers from the technical program of the 7th Extended Semantic Web Conference (ESWC 2010), held from May 30 to June 3, 2010, in Heraklion, Greece. ESWC 2010 presented the latest results in research and applications of Semantic Web technologies. ESWC 2010 built on the success of the former European Semantic Web Conference series, but sought to extend its focus by engaging with other communities within and outside Information and Communication Technologies, in which semantics can play an important role. At the same time, ESWC has become a truly international conference. Semantics of Web content, enriched with domain theories (ontologies), data about Web usage, natural language processing, etc., will enable a Web that p- vides a qualitatively new level of functionality. It will weave together a large network of human knowledge and make this knowledge machine-processable. Various automated services, based on reasoning with metadata and ontologies, will help the users to achieve their goals by accessing and processing infor- tion in machine-understandable form. This network of knowledge systems will ultimately lead to truly intelligent systems, which will be employed for va- ous complex decision-making tasks. Research about Web semantics can bene?t from ideas and cross-fertilization with many other areas: arti?cial intelligence, natural language processing, database and information systems, information - trieval, multimedia, distributed systems, social networks, Web engineering, and Web science.
Information Retrieval Meets Information Visualization : PROMISE Winter School 2012, Zinal, Switzerland, January 23-27, 2012, Revised Tutorial Lectures
Multimedia : texts and contexts
Literacy theories for the digital age : social, critical, multimodal, spatial, material and sensory lenses
Artificial Animals for Computer Animation : Biomechanics, Locomotion, Perception, and Behavior
Winners! : producing effective electronic media
Building Bridges: HCI, Visualization, and Non-formal Modeling : IFIP WG 13.7 Workshops on Human–Computer Interaction and Visualization: 7th HCIV@ECCE 2011, Rostock, Germany, August 23, 2011, and 8th HCIV@INTERACT 2011, Lisbon, Portugal, September 5, 2011, Revised Selected Papers
Bust-a-move 3DX
Advanced Internet Based Systems and Applications : Second International Conference on Signal-Image Technology and Internet-Based Systems, SITIS 2006, Hammamet, Tunisia, December 17-21, 2006, Revised Selected Papers
Soft Computing in Information Communication Technology : Volume 2
In this important text, the authors present the tools qualitative researchers need to conduct ethnograpic research in the age of e-mail and the Internet, introducing readers to emerging methods that utilize new technologies and explaining how to use these technologies to conduct data analysis.
New directions in intelligent interactive multimedia
Next Generation Information Technologies and Systems : 7th International Conference, NGITS 2009, Haifa, Israel, June 16-18, 2009. Revised Selected Papers
Online journalism : principles and practices of news for the Web
This volume contains the Proceedings of the 5th International Conference on Intelligent Interactive Multimedia Systems and Services (KES-IIMSS-12).  The Conference was jointly organised by Nagoya University in Japan and the KES International organisation, and held in the attractive city of Gifu.   The KES-IIMSS conference series, (series chairs Prof. Maria Virvou and Prof. George Tsihrintzis), presents novel research in various areas of intelligent multimedia system relevant to the development of a new generation of interactive, user-centric devices and systems.  The aim of the conference is to provide an internationally respected forum for scientific research in the technologies and applications of this new and dynamic research area.
Winnie the Pooh and the honey tree
Publishing Multimedia on the Web: Manipulating video in real-time
MUM 2004 : proceedings of the 3rd International Conference on Mobile and Ubiquitous Multimedia, october 27-29, 2004, College Park, Maryland USA
Fight test
This book constitutes the refereed proceedings of the 6th International Workshop on Haptic and Audio Interaction Design, HAID 2011 held in Kusatsu, Japan, in August 2011. The 13 regular papers and 1 keynote presented were carefully reviewed and selected for inclusion in the book. The papers are organized in topical sections on haptic and audio interactions, crossmodal and multimodal communication and emerging multimodal interaction technologies and systems.
The only way to know for sure
Multimedia technology for applications
Action plans
These proceedings contain the papers presented at ECIR 2010, the 32nd Eu- pean Conference on Information Retrieval. The conference was organizedby the Knowledge Media Institute (KMi), the Open University, in co-operation with Dublin City University and the University of Essex, and was supported by the Information Retrieval Specialist Group of the British Computer Society (BCS- IRSG) and the Special Interest Group on Information Retrieval (ACM SIGIR). It was held during March 28-31, 2010 in Milton Keynes, UK. ECIR 2010 received a total of 202 full-paper submissions from Continental Europe (40%), UK (14%), North and South America (15%), Asia and Australia (28%), Middle East and Africa (3%). All submitted papers were reviewed by at leastthreemembersoftheinternationalProgramCommittee.Outofthe202- pers 44 were selected asfull researchpapers. ECIR has alwaysbeen a conference with a strong student focus. To allow as much interaction between delegates as possible and to keep in the spirit of the conference we decided to run ECIR 2010 as a single-track event. As a result we decided to have two presentation formats for full papers. Some of them were presented orally, the others in poster format. The presentation format does not represent any di?erence in quality. Instead, the presentation format was decided after the full papers had been accepted at the Program Committee meeting held at the University of Essex. The views of the reviewers were then taken into consideration to select the most appropriate presentation format for each paper.
This book presents a framework for converting multitudes of data streams available today including weather patterns, stock prices, social media, traffic information, and disease incidents into actionable insights based on situation recognition. It computationally defines the notion of situations as an abstraction of millions of data points into actionable insights, describes a computational framework to model and evaluate such situations and presents an open-source web-based system called EventShop to implement them without necessitating programming expertise. The book is useful for both practitioners and researchers working in the field of situation-aware computing. It acts as a primer for data-enthusiasts and information professionals interested in harnessing the value of heterogeneous big data for building diverse situation-based applications. It also can be used as a reference text by researchers working in areas as varied as database design, multimodel concept recognition, and middle-ware and ubiquitous computing to design and develop frameworks that allow users to create their own situation recognition frameworks.
Managing multimedia collections : 23rd Library Systems Seminar, National and University Library, Ljubljana Bled, 21-23 April 1999
Machinarium : collector's edition : PC DVD-ROM
Protocols for Multimedia Systems : 6th International Conference, PROMS 2001 Enschede, The Netherlands, October 17–19, 2001 Proceedings
This book constitutes the refereed proceedings of the 6th International Conference on E-learning and Games, Edutainment 2011, held in Taipeh, Taiwan, in September 2011. The 42 full papers were carefully reviewed and selected from 130 submissions. The papers are organized in topical sections on: augemented and mixed reality in education; effectiveness of virtual reality for education; ubiquituous games and ubiquitous technology & learning; future classroom; e-reader and multi-touch; learning performance and achievement; learning by playing; game design and development; game-based learning/training; interactions in games; digital museum and technology, and behavior in games; educational robots and toys; e-learning platforms and tools; game engine/rendering/animations; game-assisted language learning; learning with robots and robotics education; e-portfolio and ICT-enhanced learning; game-based testing and assessment; trend, development and learning process of educational mini games; VR and edutainment.
Welcome to the proceedings of the 2007 IFIP International Conference on Network and Parallel Computing (NPC 2007) held in Dalian, China. NPC has been a premier conference that has brought together researchers and pr- titioners from academia, industry and governments around the world to advance the theories and technologies of network and parallel computing. The goal of NPC is to establish an international forum for researchers and practitioners to present their - cellent ideas and experiences in all system fields of network and parallel computing. The main focus of NPC 2007 was on the most critical areas of network and parallel computing: network applications, network technologies, network and parallel arc- tectures, and parallel and distributed software. In total, the conference received more than 600 papers from researchers and prac- tioners from over 20 countries and areas. Each paper was reviewed by at least three internationally renowned referees and selected based on its originality, significance, correctness, relevance, and clarity of presentation. Among the high-quality subm- sions, only 53 regular papers were accepted by the conference. All of the selected conference papers are included in the conference proceedings. After the conference, some high-quality papers will be recommended to be published in a special issue of several international journals.
Geographic Information Science : 5th International Conference, GIScience 2008, Park City, UT, USA, September 23-26, 2008. Proceedings
Multimedia 98, the 6th ACM International Conference on Multimedia Conference : art demos, technical demos, poster papers
This second edition focuses on audio, image and video data, the three main types of input that machines deal with when interacting with the real world. A set of appendices provides the reader with self-contained introductions to the mathematical background necessary to read the book. Divided into three main parts, From Perception to Computation introduces methodologies aimed at representing the data in forms suitable for computer processing, especially when it comes to audio and images. Whilst the second part, Machine Learning includes an extensive overview of statistical techniques aimed at addressing three main problems, namely classification (automatically assigning a data sample to one of the classes belonging to a predefined set), clustering (automatically grouping data samples according to the similarity of their properties) and sequence analysis (automatically mapping a sequence of observations into a sequence of human-understandable symbols). The third part Applications shows how the abstract problems defined in the second part underlie technologies capable to perform complex tasks such as the recognition of hand gestures or the transcription of handwritten data. Machine Learning for Audio, Image and Video Analysis is suitable for students to acquire a solid background in machine learning as well as for practitioners to deepen their knowledge of the state-of-the-art. All application chapters are based on publicly available data and free software packages, thus allowing readers to replicate the experiments.
Lego star wars III : the clone wars : PC DVD
Programming with Java : a multimedia approach
The five-volume set LNCS 8004--8008 constitutes the refereed proceedings of the 15th International Conference on Human-Computer Interaction, HCII 2013, held in Las Vegas, NV, USA in July 2013. The total of 1666 papers and 303 posters presented at the HCII 2013 conferences was carefully reviewed and selected from 5210 submissions. These papers address the latest research and development efforts and highlight the human aspects of design and use of computing systems. The papers accepted for presentation thoroughly cover the entire field of human-computer interaction, addressing major advances in knowledge and effective use of computers in a variety of application areas. This volume contains papers in the thematic area of human-computer interaction, addressing the following major topics: speech, natural language and auditory interfaces; gesture and eye-gaze based Interaction; touch-based interaction; haptic interaction; graphical user interfaces and visualisation.
This volume constitutes the refereed post-workshop proceedings of two IFIP WG 13.7 workshops on Human-Computer Interaction and Visualization: the 7th HCIV Workshop on Non-formal Modelling for Interaction Design, held at the 29th European Conference on Cognitive Ergonomics, ECCE 2011, in Rostock, Germany, in August 2011 and the 8th HCIV Workshop on HCI and Visualization, held at the 13th IFIP TC 13 Conference on Human-Computer Interaction, INTERACT 2011, in Lisbon, Portugal, in September 2011. The 15 revised papers presented were carefully reviewed and selected for inclusion in this volume. They cover a wide range of topics in the fields of non-formal modeling, visualization and HCI and provide visions from researchers working at or across the borders between these domains that may help develop a holistic cross-discipline.
Postcards and supasigns : extending integrationist theory through the creation of interactive digital artworks
Music, Gestalt, and Computing : Studies in Cognitive and Systematic Musicology
Mobile Response : First International Workshop on Mobile Information Technology for Emergency Response, Mobile Response 2007, Sankt Augustin, Germany, February 22-23, 2007, Revised Selected Papers
Interactive Distributed Multimedia Systems and Telecommunication Services : 5th International Workshop, IDMS'98 Oslo, Norway, September 8–11, 1998 Proceedings
Colin McRae rally 2.0
Abstract: The purpose of this thesis was to explore the different ways of publishing multimedia content on the web using HTML5 to allow an easier and more effective implementation of the dynamic content on the web.    A brief history and overview of HTML and its progression are covered to show how HTML5s development came about. HTML5 features are discussed focusing mainly on HTML5 video, audio and canvas. The practical part of the project includes the development of a custom player that is implemented using HTML5, JavaScript and cascading style sheets.    With the help of this thesis, one would be able to build a custom video player that would allow easier customization with JavaScript and cascading style sheets, depending on the developers competence. It would also allow the developer to develop the application further as the basics are provided in this thesis. The results of the project were tested on different devices and browsers in order to see how they were supported. This provided us with excellent results that allowed us to stream clips across different browsers considering it was a demo application. It is however important to keep in mind that the standards of HTML 5 are still under development and may therefore be changed at any time..
Le Louvre : the palace & its paintings : an interactive visit to the world's grandest museum
Moloch : [earthly gestures] : an interactive installation
Adaptive Multimedia Retrieval: Retrieval, User, and Semantics : 5th International Workshop, AMR 2007, Paris, France, July 5-6, 2007 Revised Selected Papers
Teach yourself visually  Dreamweaver CS4
This book constitutes the thoroughly refereed post-conference proceedings of the Second International Conference on on Signal-Image Technology and Internet-Based Systems, SITIS 2006, held in Hammamet, Tunisia, in December, 2006. The 33 full papers were carefully reviewed and selected from the best papers presented at the conference and are presented in revised and extended form. Part of the papers focus on the emerging modeling, representation and retrieval techniques that take into account the amount, type and diversity of information accessible in distributed computing environment. Other contributions are devoted to emerging and novel concepts, architectures and methodologies for creating an interconnected world in which information can be exchanged easily, tasks can be processed collaboratively, and communities of users with similarly interests can be formed while addressing security threats that are present more than ever before.
Multimodal Signal Processing : Human Interactions in Meetings
Worms. 4 : Mayhem : PC DVD-ROM
ACM Multimedia '95 proceedings : San Francisco, California, November 5-9, 1995
Human–Computer Interaction : IEEE International Workshop, HCI 2007 Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, October 20, 2007 Proceedings
Virtual presentations that work
Multimedia business : the World-Wide rights and licence trade
"Trainers, consultants, HR professionals need a resource for helping them apply social media technology to their meetings and training sessions. This resource shows how to get an online meeting scheduled, plan its contents, rehearse, and prepare, deliver meaningful content over the web, and follow up with a strategic plan to take full advantage of all aspects of the event going forward. It also covers continuing the dialog with other online technologies and shows how mashing and social networking can help train and teach. The book also includes Premium Content."--
Cambridge dictionary of American English
White Space Is Not Your Enemy : A Beginner's Guide to Communicating Visually Through Graphic, Web & Multimedia Design
This book is about Future Information Technology, Application, and Service (FutureTech 2012 volume 2). The topics of FutureTech 2012 cover the current hot topics satisfying the world-wide ever-changing needs. The FutureTech 2012 is intended to foster the dissemination of state-of-the-art research in all future IT areas, including their models, services, and novel applications associated with their utilization. The FutureTech 2012 will provide an opportunity for academic and industry professionals to discuss the latest issues and progress in this area. In addition, the conference will publish high quality papers which are closely related to the various theories, modeling, and practical applications in many types of future technology. The main scope of FutureTech 2012 is as follows. Hybrid Information Technology Cloud and Cluster Computing Ubiquitous Networks and Wireless Communications Multimedia Convergence Intelligent and Pervasive Applications Security and Trust Computing IT Management and Service Bioinformatics and Bio-Inspired Computing Database and Data Mining Knowledge System and Intelligent Agent Human-centric Computing and Social Networks The FutureTech is a major forum for scientists, engineers, and practitioners throughout the world to present the latest research, results, ideas, developments and applications in all areas of future technologies.
Mobile multimedia communications : concepts, applications and challenges
Interactivity, Collaboration, and Authoring in Social Media
This book constitutes the refereed proceedings of the 5th International Conference on Geographic Information Secience, GIScience 2008, held in Park City, UT, USA, in September 2008. The 24 revised full papers presented were carefully reviewed and selected from 77 submissions. Among the traditional topics addressed are spatial relations, geographic dynamics, and spatial data types. A significant number of papers deal with navigation networks, location-based services, and spatial information query and retrieval. Geo-sensors, mobile computing, and Web mapping rank among the important new directions.
Lego Harry Potter : years 1-4 : PC DVD
Poetry in motion
Introduction to multimedia communications : applications, middleware, networking
Modeling a Route Selection in the Virtual World
Math studio [Atk-tallenne]
Advances in Multimedia Information Processing - PCM 2008 : 9th Pacific Rim Conference on Multimedia, Tainan, Taiwan, December 9-13, 2008. Proceedings
Evil under the sun
Disney princess
Research and Advanced Technology for Digital Libraries : 11th European Conference, ECDL 2007, Budapest, Hungary, September 16-21, 2007. Proceedings
Universal Multiservice Networks : Third European Conference, ECUMN 2004, Porto, Portugal, October 25-27, 2004. Proceedings
Database Systems for Advanced Applications : 14th International Conference, DASFAA 2009, Brisbane, Australia, April 21-23, 2009. Proceedings
Digital Video Concepts, Methods, and Metrics : Quality, Compression, Performance, and Power Trade-off Analysis
Introducing microsoft Silverlight 2
Drawing on extensive research, this book explores the techniques that old computer games used to run on tightly-constrained platforms. Retrogame developers faced incredible challenges of limited space, computing power, rudimentary tools, and the lack of homogeneous environments. Using examples from over 100 retrogames, this book examines the clever implementation tricks that game designers employed to make their creations possible, documenting these techniques that are being lost. However, these retrogame techniques have modern analogues and applications in general computer systems, not just games, and this book makes these contemporary connections. It also uses retrogames' implementation to introduce a wide variety of topics in computer systems including memory management, interpretation, data compression, procedural content generation, and software protection. Retrogame Archeology targets professionals and advanced-level students in computer science, engineering, and mathematics but would also be of interest to retrogame enthusiasts, computer historians, and game studies researchers in the humanities. .
Intelligent Interactive Multimedia: Systems and Services : Proceedings of the 5th International Conference on Intelligent Interactive Multimedia Systems and Services (IIMSS 2012)
Qualitative research and hypermedia : ethnography for the digital age
This book constitutes the refereed proceedings of the 9th Pacific Rim Conference on Multimedia, PCM 2008, held in Tainan, Taiwan, in December 2008. The 79 revised full papers and 39 revised poster presented were carefully reviewed and selected from 210 submissions. The papers are organized in topical sections on next generation video coding techniques, audio processing and classification, interactive multimedia systems, advances in H.264/AVC, multimedia networking techniques, advanced image processing techniques, video analysis and its applications, image detection and classification, visual and spatial analyses, multimedia human computer interfaces, multimedia security and DRM, advanced image and video processing, multimedia database and retrieval, multimedia management and authoring, multimedia personalization, multimedia for e-learning, multimedia networking techniques, multimedia systems and applications, advanced multimedia techniques, as well as multimedia processing and analyses.
Web Information Systems Engineering – WISE 2007 Workshops : WISE 2007 International Workshops Nancy, France, December 3, 2007 Proceedings
Multimedia/hypermedia in open distributed environments : proceedings of the Eurographics Symposium in Graz, Austria, June 6-9, 1994
This book constitutes the refereed proceedings of the 9th International Conference on Web Engineering, ICWE 2009, held in San Sebastian, Spain in June 2009. The 22 revised full papers and 15 revised short papers presented together with 8 posters and 10 demonstration papers were carefully reviewed and selected from 90 submissions. The papers are organized in topical sections on accessibility and usability, component-based web engineering: portals and mashups, data and semantics, model-driven web engineering, navigation, process, planning and phases, quality, rich internet applications, search, testing, web services, SOA and REST, and web 2.0.
On behalf of the Organizing and Program Committees of the 3rd European Conference on Universal Multiservice Networks (ECUMN 2004), it is our great pleasure to introduce the proceedings of ECUMN 2004, which was held during October 25–27, 2004, in Porto, Portugal. In response to the Call for Papers, a total of 131 papers were submitted from 29 countries. Each paper was reviewed by several members of the Technical Program Committee or by external peer reviewers. After careful assessment of thereviews,53paperswereacceptedforpresentationin13technicalsessions;half of them originated from countries outside Europe (mainly Asia). This illustrates the strong interest of this conference beyond its original geographical area. The conference program covered a variety of leading-edge research topics which are of current interest, such as wireless networks, mobile ad hoc networks, sensor networks, mobility management, optical networks, quality of service and tra?c, transport protocols, real-time and multimedia, Internet technologies and applications, overlay and virtual private networks, security and privacy, and network operations and management. Together with three plenary sessions from France T´ el´ ecom, Siemens, and Cisco Systems, these technical presentations - dressed the latest research results from the international industry and academia and reported on ?ndings on present and future multiservice networks.
Yearbook Annuaire Jahrbuch  2002.. Vol. 1- 5
This volume presents the proceedings of the 11th IFIP/IEEE International Conference on Management of Multimedia and Mobile Networks and Services (MMNS 2008), which was held on Samos, Greece during September 22–26 as part of the 4th International Week on Management of Networks and Services (Manweek 2008). As in the previous three years, the Manweek umbrella - lowed an international audience of researchers and scientists from industry and academia – who are researching and developing management systems – to share views and ideas and present their state-of-the-art results. The other events co-located with Manweek 2008 were the 19th IFIP/IEEE International Workshop on Distributed Systems: Operations and Management (DSOM 2008), the 8th IEEE Workshop on IP Operations and Management (IPOM2008), the Third IEEE International Workshop on Modeling Autonomic CommunicationsEnvironments(MACE2008),the4thIEEE/IFIPInternational Workshop on End-to-End Virtualization and Grid Management (EVGM 2008) andthe5thInternationalWorkshoponNext-GenerationNetworkingMiddleware (NGNM 2008). Under this umbrella, MMNS again proved itself as a top public venue for dissemination of results and intellectual collaboration with speci?c emphasis on the management of emerging mobile and wireless networks. The objective of the conference is to bring together researchers and scientists from academia and industry interested in state-of-the-artmanagementof convergedmultimedia networks and services across heterogeneous networking infrastructures.
This book constitutes the refereed proceedings of the 30th annual European Conference on Information Retrieval Research, ECIR 2009, held in Toulouse, France in April 2009. The 42 revised full papers and 18 revised short papers presented together with the abstracts of 3 invited lectures and 25 poster papers were carefully reviewed and selected from 188 submissions. The papers are organized in topical sections on retrieval model, collaborative IR / filtering, learning, multimedia - metadata, expert search - advertising, evaluation, opinion detection, web IR, representation, clustering / categorization as well as distributed IR.
This book constitutes the thoroughly refereed post-workshop proceedings of the 5th International Workshop on Adaptive Multimedia Retrieval, AMR 2007, held in Paris, France, in July 2007. The 18 revised full papers presented together with 2 invited papers were carefully selected during two rounds of reviewing and improvement. The papers are organized in topical sections on image annotation, feedback and user modelling, music retrieval, fusion, P2P and middleware, databases and summarization, as well as ontology and semantics.
Multimedia Sound and Music Studio : The definitive Guide for Creating Sound and Music on Macintosh and Windows Platform
This text provides an accessible introduction to the diversity of multimedia in our society. The author develops a clear framework for students to understand the complex world of multimedia and its impact on everyday life.
Adobe Dreamweaver CS4 unleashed
Human-Computer Interaction. Interaction Modalities and Techniques : 15th International Conference, HCI International 2013, Las Vegas, NV, USA, July 21-26, 2013, Proceedings, Part IV
Tom Clancy's Rainbow six : Vegas collection : PC DVD-ROM
Multimedia works and the issue of categorisation
Pro JavaScript RIA techniques : best practices, performance, and presentation
Game development comprises the combination of many different aspects such as game logic, graphics, audio, user input, physics, and much more.
Harmonica for dummies
The settlers II : 10th anniversary [edition]
The 2010 International Conference on Web Information Systems and Mining (WISM 2010) was held October 23–24, 2010 in Sanya, China. WISM 2010 received 603 submissions from 20 countries and regions. After rigorous reviews, 54 hi- quality papers were selected for publication in the WISM 2010 proceedings. The acceptance rate was 9%. The aim of WISM 2010 was to bring together researchers working in many different areas of Web information systems and Web mining to foster the exchange of new ideas and promote international collaboration. In addition to the large number of submitted papers and invited sessions, there were several internationally well-known keynote speakers. On behalf of the Organizing Committee, we thank Hainan Province Institute of Computer and Qiongzhou University for its sponsorship and logistics support. We also thank the members of the Organizing Committee and the Program Committee for their hard work. We are very grateful to the keynote speakers, invited session organizers, session chairs, reviewers, and student helpers. Last but not least, we thank all the authors and participants for their great contributions that made this conference possible. October 2010 Fu Lee Wang Gong Zhiguo Xiangfeng Luo Jingsheng Lei.
Machine learning builds models of the world using training data from the application domain and prior knowledge about the problem. The models are later applied to future data in order to estimate the current state of the world. An implied assumption is that the future is stochastically similar to the past. The approach fails when the system encounters situations that are not anticipated from the past experience. In contrast, successful natural organisms identify new unanticipated stimuli and situations and frequently generate appropriate responses. The observation described above lead to the initiation of the DIRAC EC project in 2006. In 2010 a workshop was held, aimed to bring together researchers and students from different disciplines in order to present and discuss new approaches for identifying and reacting to unexpected events in information-rich environments. This book includes a summary of the achievements of the DIRAC project in chapter 1, and a collection of the papers presented in this workshop in the remaining parts.
These are the proceedings of the tenth event of the Industrial Conference on Data Mining ICDM held in Berlin (www.data-mining-forum.de). For this edition the Program Committee received 175 submissions. After the pe- review process, we accepted 49 high-quality papers for oral presentation that are included in this book. The topics range from theoretical aspects of data mining to app- cations of data mining such as on multimedia data, in marketing, finance and telec- munication, in medicine and agriculture, and in process control, industry and society. Extended versions of selected papers will appear in the international journal Trans- tions on Machine Learning and Data Mining (www.ibai-publishing.org/journal/mldm). Ten papers were selected for poster presentations and are published in the ICDM Poster Proceeding Volume by ibai-publishing (www.ibai-publishing.org). In conjunction with ICDM four workshops were held on special hot applicati- oriented topics in data mining: Data Mining in Marketing DMM, Data Mining in LifeScience DMLS, the Workshop on Case-Based Reasoning for Multimedia Data CBR-MD, and the Workshop on Data Mining in Agriculture DMA. The Workshop on Data Mining in Agriculture ran for the first time this year. All workshop papers will be published in the workshop proceedings by ibai-publishing (www.ibai-publishing.org). Selected papers of CBR-MD will be published in a special issue of the international journal Transactions on Case-Based Reasoning (www.ibai-publishing.org/journal/cbr).
Management of Converged Multimedia Networks and Services : 11th IFIP/IEEE International Conference on Management of Multimedia and Mobile Networks and Services, MMNS 2008, Samos Island, Greece, September 22-26, 2008. Proceedings
The principles of multimedia journalism : packaging digital news
Lego Harry Potter : years 5-7 : PC DVD
Media convergence : networked digital media in everyday life
A simple guide to building a website
Network and Parallel Computing : IFIP International Conference, NPC 2007, Dalian, China, September 18-21, 2007. Proceedings
Computer Music Modeling and Retrieval. Genesis of Meaning in Sound and Music : 5th International Symposium, CMMR 2008 Copenhagen, Denmark, May 19-23, 2008 Revised Papers
Advances in Multimedia, Software Engineering and Computing Vol.1 : Proceedings of the 2011 MSEC International Conference on Multimedia, Software Engineering and Computing, November 26–27, Wuhan, China
Banners, ribbons and scrolls : CD-ROM & book
Progress in computer animation has gained such a speed that, before long, computer-generated human faces and figures on screen will be indistinguishable from those of real humans. The potential both for scripted films and real-time interaction with users is enormous. However, in order to cope with this potential, these faces and figures must be guided by autonomous personality agents. This carefully arranged volume presents the state of the art in research and development in making synthetic actors more autonomous. The papers describe the different approaches and solutions developed by computer animation specialists, computer scientists, experts in AI, psychologists and philosophers, from leading laboratories world-wide. Finally, a bibliography comprising more than 200 entries enable further study.
Creation of multimedia messaging system's backup and restore processes
The proliferation of technology has affected all aspects of human life, yet the continuing possibilities of their effects on education have yet to be fully explored. When viewed separately, one may believe that only paltry solutions can be wrought from online and web-based education; however, when applied and studied in a dynamic, interactive sense, these advancements may alter the very notion of learning and education. Revolutionizing Education through Web-Based Instruction is a comprehensive, multi-disciplinary exploration of the emerging digital opportunities available to educators. This book presents contemporary theoretical frameworks as well as practical research findings that support the use of these new computer-assisted teaching techniques. The myriad of research-based topics featured in this book allow for a thorough, diverse discussion about education, technology, and the intersection therein. This title is an invaluable resource for instructors, students of education, and researchers and professionals in the fields of knowledge management.
Pro Silverlight 4 in C#
Haptic and Audio Interaction Design : 6th International Workshop, HAID 2011, Kusatsu, Japan, August 25-26, 2011. Proceedings
Google on the Go : using an android-powered mobile phone
Serious Games : Foundations, Concepts and Practice
With this book, students will learn Java using programs that draw graphics and images, perform animation, read and play music files, display video, and more. The book is suitable for readers with no prior programming experience.
Flash Professional CS5 digital classroom
The Computer as Medium
This book constitutes the refereed proceedings of the 11th International Conference on Asian Digital Libraries, ICADL 2008, held in Bali, Indonesia, in December 2008. The 30 revised full papers, 20 revised short papers, and extended abstracts of 13 poster papers carefully reviewed and selected from numerous submissions. The paper topics cover the spectrum of digital libraries, including multimedia digital libraries, usability and evaluation, information retrieval, ontologies, social tagging, metadata issues, multi- and cross-language retrieval, digital preservation, and scholarly publishing and commmunities.
Lego Indiana Jones. 2 : the adventure continues : PC DVD-ROM
This book is a collection of the accepted papers concerning soft computing in information communication technology. The resultant dissemination of the latest research results, and the exchanges of views concerning the future research directions to be taken in this field makes the work of immense value to all those having an interest in the topics covered. The present book represents a cooperative effort to seek out the best strategies for effecting improvements in the quality and the reliability of Fuzzy Logic, Machine Learning, Cryptography, Pattern Recognition, Bioinformatics, Biomedical Engineering, Advancements in ICT.
Director 7 demystified : the official guide to Macromedia Director, Lingo, and Shockwave
IEEE 1394 serial bus in the set-top box environment
The multimedia handbook
Who needs pictures
"This single, expertly-written volume brings you in-depth, interdisciplinary coverage of today's state-of-the-art multimedia technology--the combined work of more than 20 leaders in the field. With an emphasis on consumer electronics, the contributing authors to MULTIMEDIA TECHNOLOGY FOR APPLICATIONS present the very latest advances in signal processing, communications and networking, computer databases, and circuits and systems as they relate to multimedia technology and applications. Topics covered include: multimedia systems; standards, and trends; submicro electronic enabling technologies; digital library servers; networking; multimedia signal processing and applications.MULTIMEDIA TECHNOLOGY FOR APPLICATIONS is thoughtfully structured and complete with numerous figures and examples, making it of key interest to advanced student engineers and managers in industry, as well as professional engineers in need of a current, practical resource." Sponsored by: IEEE Circuits and Systems Society, IEEE Solid-State Circuits Council/Society.
Cross-Cultural Multimedia Computing : Semantic and Aesthetic Modeling
Provides modern enterprises with the tools to create a robust digital platform utilizing proven best practices, practical models, and time-tested techniques Contemporary business organizations can either embrace the digital revolution or be left behind.
Edutainment Technologies. Educational Games and Virtual Reality/Augmented Reality Applications : 6th International Conference on E-learning and Games, Edutainment 2011, Taipei, Taiwan, September 2011. Proceedings
Virtuality and digital nomadism : an introduction to the LIVE Project (1997-2000)
Cognitively Inspired Audiovisual Speech Filtering : Towards an Intelligent, Fuzzy Based, Multimodal, Two-Stage Speech Enhancement System
Mall tycoon
Soft Computing in Information Communication Technology : Volume 1
This book constitutes the refereed proceedings of the Third European Conference on Technology Enhanced Learning, EC-TEL 2008, held in Maastricht, The Netherlands, in September 2008. The 52 revised full papers presented were carefully reviewed and selected from numerous submissions. The conference covers the different fields of learning technologies: education, psychology, computer science. The papers address the design of innovative environments, computational models and architectures, results of empirical studies on socio-cognitive processes, field studies regarding the use of technologies in context, collaborative processes, pedagogical scenarios, reusable learning objects and emerging objects, groups and communities, learning networks, interaction analysis, metadata, personalization, collaboration scripts, learning adaptation, collaborative environments, resources, tangible tools, as well as learning management systems.
Writing for visual media
This book constitutes the refereed proceedings of the Third Pacific Rim Symposium on Image and Video Technology, PSIVT 2008, held in Tokyo, Japan, in January 2009. The 39 revised full papers and 57 posters were carefully reviewed and selected from 247 submissions. The symposium features 8 major themes including all aspects of image and video technology: image sensors and multimedia hardware; graphics and visualization; image and video analysis; recognition and retrieval; multi-view imaging and processing; computer vision applications; video communications and networking; and multimedia processing. The papers are organized in topical sections on faces and pedestrians; panoramic images; local image analysis; organization and grouping; multiview geometry; detection and tracking; computational photography and forgeries; coding and steganography; recognition and search; and reconstruction and visualization.
Star wars. The clone wars : republic heroes : PC DVD-ROM
Synthesis and nullification : works 1991-2011
Rising mixes
Computer Models for Facial Beauty Analysis
Master visually Dreamweaver CS4 and Flash CS4 professional
Avatar : the game : PC DVD-ROM
We are proud to present the proceedings of the 11th European Conference on Research and Advanced Technology for Digital Libraries (ECDL 2007) which, following Pisa (1997), Heraklion (1998), Paris (1999), Lisbon (2000), Da- stadt (2001), Rome (2002), Trondheim (2003), Bath (2004), Vienna (2005) and Alicante (2006), took place on September 16-21, 2007 in Budapest, Hungary. Over the last 11 years, ECDL has created a strong interdisciplinary com- nity of researchers and practitioners in the ?eld of digital libraries, and has formed a substantial body of scholarly publications contained in the conference proceedings. ECDL 2007 featured separate calls for paper and poster submissions, - sulting in 119 full papers and 34 posters being submitted to the conference. All papers were subject to an in-depth peer-review process; three reviews per submission were produced by a Program Committee of 69 members from 27 countries. In total 36 of 119 full paper submissions were accepted at the P- gram Committee meeting for presentation at the conference and publication in the proceedings with Springer, resulting in an acceptance rate of 30%. Also, 24 poster/demo submissions and another 15 papers from the full paper submissions wereacceptedforposterpresentationandpublicationintheproceedingsvolume.
Performance enhancements on multimedia broadcast multicast services
Mobile Social Signal Processing : First International Workshop, MSSP 2010, Lisbon, Portugal, September 7, 2010, Invited Papers
Revolutionizing education through web-based instruction
Transactions on Edutainment II
Advances in Real-Time Systems
This conference in Enschede, The Netherlands, is the sixth in a series of international conferences and workshops under the title Protocols for Multimedia Systems, abbreviated as PROMS. The first PROMS workshop took place in June 1994 in Berlin, Germany, followed by workshops in Salzburg, Austria (October 1995) and Madrid, Spain (October 1996). In 1997, PROMS formed a temporary alliance with Multimedia Networking, a conference previously held in Aizu, Japan, in 1995. This led to the international conference on Protocols for Multimedia Systems – Multimedia Networking, PROMS MmNet, that took place in Santiago, Chile (November 1997). Since then PROMS has been announced as an international conference, although informal contacts and interactive sessions – as in a workshop – were retained as a desirable feature of PROMS. After a gap of three years, PROMS was organized in Cracow, Poland (October 2000), for the fifth time. We consider it a challenge to make this sixth edition of PROMS as successful as the previous events. The goal of the PROMS series of conferences and workshops is to contribute to scientific, strategic, and practical cooperation between research institutes and industrial companies in the area of multimedia protocols. This is also the goal of PROMS 2001. The basic theme of this conference continues to be multimedia protocols, both at the network and application level, although the increasing interest in wireless, mobility, and quality of service as interrelated topics with relevance to multimedia are reflected in the current program.
Starting a successful business
Enterprise content and search management for building digital platforms
