http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12824 romanticism
romanticism
Romance and its contexts in fifteenth-century England : politics, piety and penitence
MUSIC IN THE ROMANTIC ERA
The Oxford handbook of European Romanticism
Heartless
Romanticism : critical concepts in literary and cultural studies. Vol. 4, Romanticism, belief, and philosophy
Literary criticism. 3 : Romantic criticism: a short history
One Fifth Avenue
Secrets of Paris : a novel
Mistletoe and Mr. Right : two stories of holiday romance
Lady Chatterley's Lover
The haunted castle : a study of the elements of English romanticism
Romantic art / William Vaughan
A place called freedom ; The Modigliani scandal
"From a distance, Michael and Joleen Zarkades seem to have it all: a solid marriage, two exciting careers, and children they adore. But after twelve years together, the couple has lost their way; they are unhappy and edging toward divorce. Then the Iraq war starts. An unexpected deployment will tear their already fragile family apart, sending one of them deep into harm's way and leaving the other at home, waiting for news. When the worst happens, each must face their darkest fear and fight for the future of their family. An intimate look at the inner landscape of a disintegrating marriage and a dramatic exploration of the price of war on a single American family, HOME FRONT is a provocative and timely portrait of hope, honor, loss, forgiveness, and the elusive nature of love"--
Love Affairs for Grown-ups
Romanticism : a structural analysis
Desire unchained
Introducing Chopin
Vengeance
Solo : the deluxe edition
Introducing Beethoven
Kiss of midnight
Classic, romantic and modern
Caspar David Friedrich : the art of drawing
Early romantic gold : the easy piano collection
Romantic screenplays 101
The black tulip
German romantic painting
Natural supernaturalism : tradition and revolution in romantic literature
Romantic play-along : clarinet : 12 favourite works from the Romantic era with authentic orchestral backing tracks
The sweetest spell
Through the French door : romantic interiors inspired by classic French style
Princess of the Silver Woods
Transatlantic Romanticism : British and American art and literature, 1790-1860
Princess of Glass
Nocturnes and barcarolles for solo piano
Music as discourse : semiotic adventures in romantic music
A comparative history of literatures in European languages. Vol. 8, Romantic irony
The Cambridge cultural history of Britain. Volume 6, The Romantic age in Britain
300 JAHRE KLAVIERMUSIK. DIE PROGRESSIVE ROMANTIK
Romanticism in national context
Romanticism / by Hugh Honour
Pleasure unbound
The Farmer Needs a Wife
Maria Malibran : Diva of the Romantic Age
Nineteenth-century romanticism in music
The romantic imagination
Romantic clarinet anthology. 1 : 25 pieces for Bb clarinet and piano = 25 pièces pour clarinette avec accompagnement de piano = 25 Stücke für Klarinette mit Klavierbegleitung
The Romantic Movement
Romanticism, enthusiasm and regulation : poetics and the policy of culture in the romantic period
Princess of glass
Turner on the Thames : river journeys in the year 1805
The last romantics : The romantic tradition in british art
Just go with it
Falling fast
Romanticism and melody. Volume II
The New Grove early romantic masters. 2 : Weber, Berlioz, Mendelssohn / John Warrack, Hugh Macdonald, Karl-Heinz Köhler
The wit in the dungeon : a life of Leigh Hunt
From Notting Hill with love... actually
Romantic music : sound and syntax
Romantic desire in (post)modern art and philosophy
Introduction: p. [7]-16. Historical notes: p. [17]-21. Annotations: p. 100-105. Bibliography: p. 106.  Contains works for voice and piano, chorus, and piano; vocal works have German words.
Italian deception
About Last Night ...
Romanticism : critical concepts in literary and cultural studies. Vol. 3, Romanticism and margins
Source readings in music history. 5, The Romantic era
Romanticism : Life, Literature and Landscape
India and the romantic imagination
The enchantress of Florence : a novel
How to be Single
Romantic writings
The story of music : from antiquity to the present
Breakfast at Darcy's
In quest of romanticism. D. H. Lawrence and William Wordsworth
Homecoming girls
John Constable
Home front
The Easiest original pieces  : Piano solo
"Descendants of Waverley examines contemporary novelists' combination of historical authority and narrative art to create the "romance of history," authentic and accessible depictions of the past. Rooted in histories of the novel beginning in the eighteenth century, but challenging conventional theories that the novel erased the romance, the work treats Walter Scott as an important influence on the genre and analyzes the strategies used to romance history in the varied subgenres constituting current historical fiction."--
Culture and the death of God
Deep and silent waters
The fantasia. 1 : 16th to 18th centuries
The look of love : romantic illustration through the ages
300 JAHRE VIOLINMUSIK. ROMANTIK I.
A history of the sonata idea. 3, The sonata since Beethoven
Wild mountain Thyme
Descendants of Waverley : romancing history in contemporary historical fiction
The rediscovery of Greece : travellers and painters of the Romantic era
Romanticism : critical concepts in literary and cultural studies. Vol. 2, Romanticism and history
Frederic Chopin's Chamber Music and Polish Songs
Romantic sustainability : endurance and the natural world, 1780-1830
Romanticism in theory
Foundational fictions : the national romances of Latin America
This is a love story
Writing the romantic comedy : how to craft a screenplay that will sell
Includes works by Hans Newsidler, Andrea Gabrieli, Frescobaldi, Giles Farnaby, Pachelbel, Vivaldi, Telemann, J.S. Bach, and others. Figured realized continuo.
The historical novel
The Persistence of romanticism : essays in philosophy and literature
The life of August Wilhelm Schlegel : cosmopolitan of art and poetry
La pittura russa nell'età romantica = Russian painting in the romantic age / a cura di = ed. by Grigirij Goldovskij, Eugenija Petrova, Claudio Poppi
The Oxford handbook of European Romanticism' focuses on the period beginning with the French Revolution and extending to the uprisings of 1848 across Europe. It brings together leading scholars in the field to examine the intellectual, literary, philosophical, and political elements of European Romanticism.
James Boswell's urban experience in eighteenth-century London
Home front : a novel
Romantic outlaws : the extraordinary lives of Mary Wollstonecraft & Mary Shelley
Small blue thing
True love : 38 songs of loving you...missing you..
Just Wicked Enough
Romanticism reconsidered : selected papers from the English institute
Alone in my king's harem
Romanticism in the Netherlands / Benno Tempel
Constable
Lula does the hula
'Romantic' and its cognates : The European history of a word
The prince of pleasure and his regency 1811-20
"That the Romantic movement was an international phenomenon is a commonplace, yet to date, historical study of the movement has tended to focus primarily on its national manifestations. This volume offers a new perspective. In thirteen chapters devoted to artists and writers of the late eighteenth and early nineteenth centuries, leading scholars of the period examine the international exchanges that were crucial for the rise of Romanticism in England and the United States. In the book's introduction, Andrew Hemingway--building on the theoretical work of Michael Lowy and Robert Sayre--proposes that we need to remobilize the concept of Weltanschauung, or comprehensive worldview, in order to develop the kind of synthetic history of arts and ideas the phenomenon of Romanticism demands. The essays that follow focus on the London and New York art worlds and such key figures as Benjamin West, Thomas Bewick, John Vanderlyn, Washington Allston, John Martin, J. M. W. Turner, Thomas Cole, James Fenimore Cooper, George Catlin, Edgar Allan Poe, Harriet Beecher Stowe, and Herman Melville. Taken together, these essays plot the rise of a romantic anti-capitalist Weltanschauung as well as the dialectic between Romanticism's national and international manifestations." -- Publisher's description
The Complete Novels
Imagining the supernatural north
Princess of the Midnight Ball
Romanticism in music
The Romantic Age 1800 - 1914
The sea garden
Poetry into song : performance and analysis of lieder
The girls' guide to homemaking
Delacroix and his forgotten world : the origins of romantic painting
Turner : his life and works in 500 images : an illustrated exploration of the artist, his life and context, with a gallery of 300 of his finest paintings
It's a kind of magic
The first romantics
An anthology of Piano Music : III : The Romantic period
The last romantics
Another liberalism : romanticism and the reconstruction of liberal thought
Lovers in the age of indifference
Passion unleashed
Encyclopedia of Romanticism : culture in Britain, 1780s-1830s
The walk : notes on a romantic image
The way we were
The sonata since Beethoven
Storybook Helsinki and Beyond
The romantics on Shakespeare
Boys, bears and a serious pair of hiking boots
Romanticism & melody : essays for music lovers
Spain : a musician's journey through time and space. Volume II
The stress of her regard
THE ROMANTIC ERA : AN INTRODUCTION TO THE PIANO MUSIC
The day of the storm
The quest of the absolute : birth and decline of European romanticism
A Liaden Universe : Constellation
