http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1283 weather
weather
Why why why do tornadoes spin?
Parametric uncertainty in numerical weather prediction models
Painting the effects of weather
Cinema as weather : stylistic screens and atmospheric change
Transition to the Golden Age in 2032
1,001 facts about Planet Earth
Weather
Weather in your life
The facts on file weather and climate handbook
A mechanistic perspective of possible influences of climate change on defoliating insects in North America's boreal forests
How the weather works
Africa pilot. Volume 2, Comprising the west coast of Africa from Presqu'ı̂le (Bakassi Peninsula) to Cape Agulhas; islands in the Bight of Biafra; Ascension Islands; Saint Helena Island; Tristan da Cunha Group and Gough Island
Each player leads a team of two mountaineers who are competing with other teams, trying to reach the peak and survive until the end of the 18-day expedition. Players move mountaineers on the board by playing cards. The higher a climber reaches, the more victory points are gained. However K2 is a very dangerous place and mountaineers must be very careful not to exhaust themselves, carefully planning their route and being aware of changes in the weather.
Methods in agricultural meteorology
Under the Weather : us and the elements
A climatic atlas of european breeding birds
Rain or shine
Alantic pilot atlas : pilot charts and regional weather conditions for the North Atlantic, South Atlantic, Caribbean, and Mediterranean
The climate of Ireland
101 quick and easy secrets to create winning photographs
The atmosphere : an introduction to meteorology
Heavy weather guide
Young children’s success in learning situations:actions, views and appraisals in learning contexts
The effects of supplementary feeding and weather factors on the breeding success of Osprey, Pandion haliaetus, in Finland
Earth and space
Effect of climatic factors on tree-ring width of Populus hybrids in Latvia
Weather proverbs
Weather : how it works and why it matters
Development, implementation and evaluation of an architecture for vehicle-to-vehicle and vehicle-to-infrastructure networking
Effects of weather and weather forecasts on driver behaviour
The weather witch
Risk management in the outdoors : a whole-of-organisation approach for education, sport and recreation
The Hutchinson world weather guide
Franklin and the thunderstorm
Rain and shine : touch & feel
The life of the swift, Micropus apus (L.), in relation to the weather
Fast-growing hybrids of Populus L. have an increasing importance as a source of renewable energy and as industrial wood. Nevertheless, the long-term sensitivity of Populus hybrids to weather conditions and hence to possible climatic hazards in Northern Europe have been insufficiently studied, likely due to the limited age of the trees (short rotation). In this study, the climatic sensitivity of ca. 65-year-old hybrid poplars (Populus balsamifera L. × P. laurifolia Ledeb.), growing at two sites in the western part of Latvia, and ca. 55-year-old hybrid aspens (Populus tremuloides Michx. × P. tremula L.), growing in the eastern part of Latvia, have been studied using classical dendrochronological techniques. The high-frequency variation of tree-ring width (TRW) of hybrid poplar from both sites was similar, but it differed from hybrid aspen due to the diverse parental species and geographic location of the stands. Nevertheless, some common tendencies in TRW were observed for both hybrids. Climatic factors influencing TRW were generally similar for both hybrids, but their composition differed. The strength of climate-TRW relationships was similar, but the hybrid poplar was affected by a higher number of climatic factors. Hybrid poplar was sensitive to factors related to water deficit in late summer in the previous and current years. Hybrid aspen was sensitive to conditions in the year of formation of tree-ring. Both hybrids also displayed a reaction to temperature during the dormant period. The observed climate-growth relationships suggest that increasing temperatures might burden the radial growth of the studied hybrids of Populus..
The Macmillan encyclopedia of weather
Meteorological conditions : Hornsund, Spitsbergen 2000/2001
Tracing the process of self-regulated learning – students’ strategic activity in g/nStudy learning environment
Ritual and belief in Morocco. Volume II
The world's weather and climates
Understanding flying weather
What are rainbows made of? : helping to explain how the weather works
Meteorology at Sea
Temporal and spatial occurrence of strong winds and large snow load amounts in Finland during 1961-2000
Socially shared regulation of motivation and emotions in collaborative learning
The air pilot's manual. Volume 2 : Aviation law, flight rules and procedures ; Meteorology
Weather and yield
Climate : a very short introduction
Wild weather
This thesis studies the long-term relation between the solar wind driven energetic particle forcing into the atmosphere and the tropospheric circulation in the Northern Hemisphere winter. The work covers the period of more than one hundred years since the turn of the 20th century to present. The thesis makes a statistical analysis of satellite measurements of precipitating energetic electrons, sunspot number data and geomagnetic activity, and compares them with temperature and pressure measurements made at the Earth's surface.Recent results, both observational and from chemistry climate models, have indicated significant effects in the Earth's middle atmosphere due to the energetic electrons precipitating from the magnetosphere. These effects include the formation of reactive hydrogen and nitrogen oxides in the high latitude mesosphere and the depletion of ozone caused by them. Ozone is a radiatively active and important gas, which affects the thermal structure and dynamics of the middle atmosphere. Accordingly, the depletion of ozone can intensify the large scale stratospheric circulation pattern called the polar vortex. Winter weather conditions on the surface have been shown to be dependent on the polar vortex strength.This thesis shows that there is a significant relation between the average fluxes of medium energy (ten to hundred keVs) precipitating electrons and surface temperatures in parts of the Northern Hemisphere in winter time. Temperatures are positively correlated with electron fluxes in North Eurasia and negatively correlated in Greenland during the period 1980-2010 which is covered by direct satellite observations of precipitating particles. This difference is especially notable when major sudden stratospheric warmings and the quasi-biennial oscillation (QBO), which both are known to affect the polar vortex strength, are taken into account. When extended to the late 19th century, the analysis shows that a similar temperature pattern is predominated during the declining phase of the sunspot cycle. The high speed solar wind streams and energetic particle precipitation typically maximize also at the declining phase of the solar cycle. This specific temperature pattern is related to the variability of the northern annular mode (NAM), which is the most significant circulation pattern in the Northern Hemisphere winter. Before the space era, geomagnetic activity measured by ground observations can be used as a proxy for energetic particle precipitation. Earlier studies have found a significant positive correlation between geomagnetic activity and NAM since the 1960s. We find that, when the QBO measured at 30 hPa height is in the easterly phase, a positive correlation is extended to the beginning of 1900s. We also show that high geomagnetic activity causes a stronger effect in the Northern Hemisphere winter than high sunspot activity, especially in the Atlantic and Eurasia.A comprehensive knowledge of the Earth's climate system and all its drivers is crucial for the future projection of climate. Solar variability effects have been estimated to produce only a small factor to the global climate change. However, there is increasing evidence, including the results presented in this thesis, that the different forms of solar variability can have a substantial effect to regional and seasonal climate variability. With this new evidence, the solar wind related particle effects in the atmosphere are now gaining increasing attention. These effects will soon be included in the next coupled model inter comparison project (CMIP6) as an additional solar related climate effect. This emphasizes the relevance of this thesis.
Alfie weather
Hurricanes & tornadoes
It's winter!
Are stock market prices related to the weather effects? : empirical evidence from New York City
Underwater deployment method using a hull gateway
Instant weather forecasting : a 24-colour photograph guide to weather forecasting from the clouds, for use by farmers, fishermen, yachtsmen, golfers, holidaymakers, in fact anyone to whom the weather in the near future is of vital importance
Climate : present, past and future. Vol. 2, Climatic history and the future
Progress in biometeorology. Division C, Progress in plant biometeorology : the effect of weather and climate on plants : volume 1: period 1963-1974
The pocket book of weather : entertainsing and remarkable facts about our weather
World weather records : collected from official sources : 1931-1940
Peaches for Monsieur Le Curé
Campbell's weather compendium
Investigating weather
Extraordinary weather : wonders of the atmosphere from dust storms to lightning strikes
The reluctant mage
Extreme weather : a guide to surviving flash floods, tornadoes, hurricanes, heat waves, snowstorms, tsunamis, and other natural disasters
Snowed in for Christmas
Thunder & lightning : weather past, present, future
Describes the study of weather and climate using color illustrations, charts, graphs, and maps to learn about the atmospheric engine, components of weather, weather systems, meteorology, and more.
Photographing weather
Sea level changes on the Finnish coast and their relationship to atmospheric factors
Proceedings of the ECMWF/GLASS Workshop on Land Surface Modelling and Data Assimilation and the Implications for Predictability : 9-12 November 2009, European Centre for Medium-Range Weather forecasts, Shinfield park, Reading, Berkshire, UK
Kriging in interpolating July mean temperatures and precipitation
Climate and weather
What is a tornado? / Robin Johnson
Tell me why rain is wet
Highest mountain deepest ocean : a pictorial compendium of natural wonders
Contrasting tree-ring data with fire record in a pine-dominated landscape in the Komi Republic (Eastern European Russia) : recovering a common climate signal
Fuel conditions and fire behavior characteristics of managed Picea abies and Pinus sylvestris forests in Finland
Extreme weather
Weather & climate
My friend the Weather Monster
See inside weather and climate
Tall Buildings : Structural Systems and Aerodynamic Form
The prodigal mage
The adventures of Earth : climb, sail and explore our amazing planet
Meteorological conditions : Hornsund, Spitsbergen 2001/2002
Extreme weather impact on transport systems
Materializing tourist weather : ethnography on weather-wise wilderness guiding practices
The weather machine
Towards the use of radar winds in numerical weather prediction
Breeding of Finnish birds of prey in relation to variable winter food and weather conditions
Developing of aircraft de-icing operations at Helsinki airport
Air pollution in eastern Lapland : challenge for an environmental measurement station
Weather : the powerful forces and fragile resources of earth
Evga state of art study : electric vehicles testing, cold conditions operability and requirements/needs
Proceedings of a seminar held at ECMWF on parametrization of subgrid physical processes : 1-4 September 2008, European Centre for Medium-Range Weather Forecasts, Shinfield Park, Reading, Berkshsire, UK
Transport systems are continuously evolving. A modern transport system needs to be sustainable socially, economically and environmentally. In recent decades, technological development, especially in information and communication technology, has affected today's transport systems. Three different cases are explored in this dissertation: intelligent transport systems in general, electromobility systems, and road weather and maintenance systems. Intelligent transport systems encompass a broad range of information and communication technologies that improve the safety, efficiency and performance of the transportation system. In addition to intelligent transport systems, electric vehicle systems have emerged because of increasing environmental concerns as well as oil depletion issues. Furthermore, the road weather and maintenance system is an interesting case especially in latitudes with severe weather. Despite vast amounts of recent research on the aforementioned topics, most previous studies have focused on the technical side, such as developing, prototyping and testing the technologies, whereas only a few studies have focused on the business aspects. Therefore, this dissertation aims to enrich the analysis of the emerging transportation sector under technological change from the business perspective and to provide new insights for future research. The purpose of this study is to explore the emerging transportation sector from several viewpoints by conducting empirical case studies. The cases covered are analysed through the perspectives of markets, business ecosystems and business models. The geographical scope of the research is mainly limited to Finland, especially its intelligent transport systems and road weather maintenance infrastructure. The global perspective is adopted in the case of electric vehicles. The nature of this research is qualitative, and inductive reasoning is applied. The research examines the characteristics of the market, business ecosystem, and business models that emerge transport systems under technological change. Furthermore, based on the findings of the case studies, a holistic framework model is developed to understand the technological system by integrating the viewpoints of markets, business ecosystems and business models
Climate of arctic Canada in maps
Meteorology manual : the practical guide to the weather
Climate : present, past and future. 2, Climatic history and the future
Asian change in the context of global climate change : impact of natural and anthropogenic changes in Asia on global biogeochemistry
Estimates of past and future forest fire danger in Finland from a climatological viewpoint / : Hanna M. Mäkelä
Analysis of user trends and behavior in online and mobile weather and climate services
Clouds weather and flight
The wonders of the weather
Studies on orographic effects in a numerical weather prediction model
The wrong kind of snow : how the weather made Britain
Impact of weather and climatic fluctuations on nutrient flows in rural catchments
Weather fairies treasury
Report of the development of agrometeorological services in developing coutries
This paper quantifies the spring wheat yield conditional on temperature- and rainfall-based weather indices in Finland. The estimating equations are standardized and simplified so that they provide information for designing tradable contracts. A simple basket of weather indices, consisting of growing degree days, night frost and rainfall measures, has the potential to hedge about 38% of the wheat grower yield risk, with the remaining 62% being left as uninsured basis risk. Our results have several important implications for the design of simple and tractable weather index-based insurance contracts. The data suggest that the marginal products of weather events have a large variation across time and they are the most significant within certain critical time periods. Therefore, the weather events triggering the indemnity payments should be bounded within certain critical time regimes over their distribution along the growing season.
Sun, sea and sky : weather in our world and in our lives
The weather book : why it happens and where it comes from
Observations of solar wind related climate effects in the Northern Hemisphere winter
Selection of representative stations by means of a cluster analysis for the BAMAR region in the PIDCAP period
Summary.
Elmer's world : touch and feel
A child observes the coming of winter and its effects on the weather, animals, and plants. Includes suggestions for wintertime activities.
Intelligent road
Techniques of observing the weather
The weather book
Applied agrometeorology
Understanding the weather : a revision of knowing the weather
Weather and climate : an illustrated guide to science
Developing of aircraft de-icing operations at helsinki airport
On weathering : the life of buildings in time
Setting young children up for success:approaching motivation through children’s perceptions of their ability
Fundamentals of weather and climate
Weather and climate
The weather handbook
Free skiing : how to adapt to the mountain
A century of London weather
What a mess!
World weather records 1951-60. Vol. 4, Asia
Predicting the yield of spring wheat by weather indices in Finland : implications for designing weather index insurances
Hurricanes and tornadoes
Climate : present, past and future. 1, Fundamentals and climate now
Reeds maritime meteorology
Proceedings of the GRAS SAF Workshop on Applications of GPS Radio Occultation Measurements : 16-18 June 2008, European Centre for Medium-Range Weather Forecasts, Shinfield Park, Reading, Berkshsire, UK
World weather records : collected from official sources
Cold : adventures in the world ́s frozen places
Invisible in the storm : the role of mathematics in understanding weather
Meteorological data at Olkiluoto in period of 2002-2004
Dictionary of global climate change
Forearm shaft fractures in children
Meteorology
Principles of meteorological analysis
Air and earth
Climatic variability and effects on ungulate body weight: the case of domestic sheep
Relationships between climate and winter cereal grain quality in Finland and their potential for forecasting
Exploring the transport system under technological change : market, business ecosystem and business model viewpoints
The Rough guide to weather
Frost flower chemical signature in winter snow on Vestfonna ice cap, Nordaustlandet, Svalbard
Impact of the microstructure of precipitation and hydrometeors on multi-frequency radar observations
El Niño in Peru : biology and culture over 10,000 years
Weather's greatest mysteries solved!
The cherrytree book of the earth
Effect of weather and climatological background on snow damage of forests in Southern Finland in November 1991.
The life of the swift, Micropus apus (l.), in relation to the weather
IDLE THOUGHTS OF AN IDLE FELLOW
Where do rainbows end?
The Usborne geography encyclopedia : with complete world atlas
