http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12802 district heating
district heating
Remote control of district heating valves : Commissioning of actuator valves with Modbus
Bioenergy - realizing the potential
Nordic-Baltic Distric Heating Symposium : 23-26 August, 1998 Marina Congress Center, Helsinki, Finland
Abstract.
District heating research in Finland : report on the research programme 1988-1993
The building level substation : the innovation of district heating system
Energiatilastot 2002 = Energistatistik = Energy statistics
Abstract (s. 5).
Energiatilasto : vuosikirja 2010 = Energy statistics : yearbook 2010.
Economy and optimization of the nuclear district heat power systems. Part 1, The tools used and the results obtained in the study of the nuclear district heat power system
Technical features for heat trade in distributed energy generation
Development and application of a multicriteria decision support framework for planning or retrofitting district heating systems
Energiatilasto 2003 : energy statistics
A model for optimal design of district heating networks
Rock and a hot place : the northern Finnish city of Oulu has discovered a novel way to improve the efficiency of its energy-management system
Risk management in Swedish district heating companies
Nordic-Baltic District Heating Symposium 23-26 August, 1998 Marina Congress Center, Katajanokanlaituri 6, Helsinki, Finland : [programme]
Improvement of energy efficiency and municipal energy systems in Russia has been a goal for a number of different development projects. Most of the projects have been aimed to achieve better energy efficiency with some technical improvements. But the energy efficiency and quality of energy services has improved very little if at all. It is essential to understand the importance of the whole energy system and system level planning. Most of the energy losses and lowered efficiency as well as poor quality have been caused in system level. It is impossible to achieve the good results with increased quality of some independent equipment. This is because most of the losses and inefficiency is caused on system level planning errors and poor quality systems.     The overall efficiency in municipal energy systems is very high in Finland. District heating is an important part of the municipal or regional energy system. Almost 50 % of space heating in Finland is made by district heating. The share of combined heat and power production increased already during 1970s and 1980s when district heating in largest cities in Finland was growing very fast. Suitable amount of heat load is an essential requirement for combined heat and power production. In Finland about 75 % of district heat is produced in combined heat and power production plants for several years. Combined heat and power production also helps to decrease CO2 emissions in energy sector.     Having high quality norms and recommendations as well as high quality components does not guarantee high quality, reliability and a long lasting system. First, there is a need for a new design philosophy and for the optimisation of heat production. After that, there is a huge need for quality control systems in the Russian district heating. Particularly in the district heating network, this kind of system is needed. There will be a need for a quality management system in the norm or in other higher levels. Some parts of the quality system can be organized by the manufacturers or the district heating company's own quality management system. In some parts, there will be a need for independent quality inspections to be made by authorized organizations to give official and   independent status.
Best Finnish practices on joint construction of infrastructure networks : examples of coordinated construction of transport infrastructure, water supply networks and electricity and telecommunications cables in Finland
Energiatilasto : vuosikirja 2007 : yearbook 2007 = Energy statistics
Computer aided operation of district heating system
Fault diagnosis methods for district heating substations
A unified solution for district heating
Heat Utilization and Consumption in Research Laboratory Building
Economy and optimization of the nuclear district heat power systems. Part 2, Investigation of the effect of selected parameters and solutions on the economy of NHPP system
Development Possibilities in Municipal Energy Sector in Russia
Termo technology programme : final report 1993-1997
Pricing of electricity and heat at a large CHP plant
A study of energy efficiency systems for buildings using a data-based consumption model
Kylmä+ : design and operation of integrated cooling and heating systems in regions and building - Kylmä+ : project report
Guidelines for setting up district heating business with biomass : exchange of experiences between municipalities for district heating with biomass : cases from Portugal and Greece
District heating and cooling
Integration of building cooling with existing district heating systems
Small-scale biomass CHP plant and district heating
Development possibilities in municipal energy sector in Russia
Heat exchangers for heating and sanitary applications : a technical handbook from SWEP
The building level substation : the innovation of district heating system : version II
Energy conservation study of nine industrial and energy utility plants in the Russian Federation : final summary report
Haapaniemi power stations
Proceedings of the 9th International Symposium on District Heating and Cooling, Espoo, Finland, August 30-31, 2004
Energiatilasto = Energy statistics. 2004.
Optimization of a small district heating network
Demonstrating a fault diagnostic method in an automated, computer-controlled HVAC process
Analysis of Nordic distric heating research work 1985-1992
Guidelines for calculating energy generation in combined heat and power plants
Nordic-Baltic District Heating Symposium : 23-26 August, 1998 Marina Congress Center, Helsinki, Finland
Energy Policies of IEA Countries : Finland 2013 review
Modelling of geothermal district heating systems
Wood fuel resources and bottlenecks of utilization in Baltic and Nordic countries
Potential for applying district heating technology from combined heat and power to Canada
Modular district heating system MODiS
Coping with missing public infrastructure : an analysis of Russian industrial enterprises
A decision support system for power plant investment
The handbook of biomass combustion and co-firing
District heating statistics
