http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12825 neoromanticism
neoromanticism
Architecture highlights
Modern music and after
The protecting Veil for cello and orchestra
Paradiso : a video oratorio for soprano, tenor, sampler, female choir and orchestra
Requiem for my friend
Symphony no. 2 : "Christmas symphony"
Over three decades, Paul Griffiths's survey has remained the definitive study of music since the Second World War; this fully revised and updated edition re-establishes Modern Music and After as the preeminent introduction to the music of our time. The disruptions of the war, and the struggles of the ensuing peace, were reflected in the music of the time: in Pierre Boulez's radical reformation of compositional technique and in John Cage's development of zen music; in Milton Babbitt's settling of the serial system and in Dmitry Shostakovich's unsettling symphonies; in Karl Stockhausen's development of electronic music and in Luigi Nono's pursuit of the universally human, in Iannis Xenakis's view of music as sounding mathematics and in Luciano Berio's consideration of it as language. The initiatives of these composers and their contemporaries opened prospects that haven't yet stopped unfolding. This constant expansion of musical thinking since 1945 has left us with no singular history of music; Griffiths's study accordingly follows several different paths, showing how and why they converge and diverge. This new edition of Modern Music and After discusses not only the music of the fifteen years that have passed since the previous edition, but also the recent explosion of scholarly interest in the latter half of the Twentieth Century. In particular, the third section of the book, 1980-1990, is expanded to incorporate the variety of responses to the modernist impasse experienced by composers of the time. In addition, a new fourth part, After Postmodernism: the 1990s and 2000s, examines highly influential composers like Philip Glass and Pierre Boulez as well as such topics as Modernist Continuation and Music and the Internet.
Art history of Latvia. 4, Period of Neo-Romanticist Modernism 1890-1915
Surface and depth : early modernism in Finland 1890-1920
The temperature of history : phases of science and culture in the nineteenth century
Ideal Wunschwelten Worlds : Neue Romantik in der Kunst der Gegenwart = New Romanticism in contemporary art
Wunschwelten : neue Romantik in der Kunst der Gegenwart = Ideal worlds : new romanticism in contemporary art : [Schirn Kunsthalle Frankfurt, 12. Mai - 28. August 2005] / [Herausgeber = editors: Max Hollein, Martina Weinhart]
The golden age of Finnish art : art nouveau and the national spirit
Panorama of world art : Art of nineteenth-century
