http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12858 drug offences
drug offences
Drug criminality and drug abuse in Sweden 1969-1981
Illicit drugs and organized crime : issues for a unified Europe
The bat
Drug offenders in the global criminal justice system
Understanding global issues : a periodic briefing with topic map, illustrations, charts, facts and analysis. 1999, 1 : Organised crime : a growing threat to democracy?
The corner : a year in the life of an inner-city neighbourhood
Unit 7
The war on drugs : an international encyclopedia
In search of respect : selling crack in El Barrio
International forum of contemporary criminal law. 2, Collected papers
Drug wars and coffeehouses : the political economy of the international drug trade
The law on the misuse of drugs and drug trafficking offences
Prosecution of drug users in Europe : varying pathways to similar objectives
Narcoland : the Mexican drug lords and their godfathers
Drug treatment and criminal justice
Drugs, morality and the law
Security problems and policies in the post-cold war Caribbean
Penal policies in the Nordic countries 1960-2010
Easy money
High time : the life and times of Howard Marks
Finland drug situation 2009 : new developments, trends and in-depth information on selected issues : 2009 national report to the EMCDDA
You will die : the burden of modern taboos
Eurodrugs : drug use, markets and trafficking in Europe
Snow job? : the war against international cocaine trafficking
Interdisciplinary researches concerning E.U. underground markets
Guidelines for collecting data on retail drug prices in Europe : issues and challenges
Narrating narcos : Culiacán and Medellín
Street crime
Finland drug situation 2010 : new developments, trends and in-depth information on selected issues : 2010 national report to the EMCDDA
Enterprise crime : Asian and global perspectives
Policies and strategies to combat drugs in Europe : the Treaty on European Union, framework for a new European strategy to combat drugs?
The validity of the prohibition in combatting transnational organised crime
Confronting crime : crime control policy under New Labour
The drugs-crime connection
Beware of punishment : on the utility and futility of criminal law
Multidisciplinary drug policies and the UN drug treaties
The proceeds of crime : law and practice of restraint, confiscation, and forfeiture
Finland drug situation 2013 : new developments, trends and in-depth information on selected issues : 2013 national report to the EMCDDA
Traffickers : drug markets and law enforcement
Trafficking cocaine : Colombian drug entrepreneurs in the Netherlands
Hood rat
Traffick : the illicit movement of people and things
Deadly decisions
Once a jolly hangman : Singapore justice in the dock
Bridget Jones : the edge of reason
Crime is not the problem : lethal violence in America
Terrorism, drugs and crime in Europe after 1992
Drugs, crime and criminal justice. Vol. 2, Cultures and markets, crime and criminal justice
Cannabis nation : control and consumption in Britain, 1928-2008
Drugonomics : industrial organization of illegal drug markets
Trends in police-recorded offences
Africa and the war on drugs
Drug abuse rapid situation assessments and responses
Report of the International Narcotics Control Board for 2001
Deep cover : the inside story of how DEA infighting, incompetence, and subterfuge lost us the biggest battle of the drug war
Drugs and drug control
Legalising drugs : debates and dilemmas
Drug lords, rebel movements and anti-drug policies in source countries
Drugstore cowboy
Never screw up
Summary (s. 3).
Anti-drugs policies of the European Union : transnational decision-making and the politics of expertise
Discussing drugs and control policy : comparative studies on four Nordic countries
Crime & justice in American history : historical articles on the origins and evolution of American criminal justice. 8, part 1, Prostitution, drugs, gambling and organized crime
Transnational organised crime : perspectives on global security
Finland drug situation 2014
Illicit drug trafficking : harmonization in the European union and its effects on Finland
Narconomics : how to run a drug cartel
Medical concepts and penal policy
The proceeds of crime : law and practice of restraint, confiscation, condemnation, and forfeiture
Multinational crime : terrorism, espionage, drug and arms tafficking
Drugs, crime and criminal justice. Vol. 1, Histories and use, theories and debates
Organized crime : an inside guide to the world's most succesful industry
Penal aspects of the UN drug conventions
Sex, drugs, and body counts : the politics of numbers in global crime and conflict
Returned from the dead, an unexplained revival that has left her plagued by nightmares, cop and single mom Charlie Madigan must stop the distribution of an off-world drug called ash, while protecting her loved ones from a force more powerful than heaven and hell combined.
Government resolution on a drug policy action programme in Finland 2004-2007
The money launderers : lessons from the drug wars - how billions of illegal dollars are washed through banks and businesses
Drugs 2.0 : the web revolution that's changing how the world gets high
Understanding drugs, alcohol and crime
Mind-altering drugs : use, abuse, and treatment
Reefer madness and other tales from the American underground
How to make money selling drugs
Fire and brimstone
Drugs and crime
Global organized crime : trends and developments
The cobra
Crime & justice in American history : historical articles on the origins and evolution of American justice. 8, part 2, Prostitution, drugs, gambling and organized crime
Juárez : the laboratory of our future
Narkotikastatistik 2001 = Narcotic drugs statistics 2001
Snitch : informants, cooperators, and the corruption of justice
In the Godfather Garden : the long life and times of Richie "the Boot" Boiardo
Orange is the new black : my time in a women's prison
Orange is the new black : my year in a women's prison
The criminal career and socio-economic status of drug offenders
Controversies in drugs policy and practice
The better part of darkness
Drug abuse control : administration and politics
The rapid deepening of the global drug problem has spurred increasingly heated debate over the best solutions. For example, should drug use be an issue for healthcare services or a matter of criminal justice? Is universal abstinence both unrealistic and undesirable? Does drug legalization offer a viable answer? This book provides a lively and thought-provoking account of some of the most pressing issues for policy makers and practitioners in the debate about drugs. Designed as a platform for further discussion, it presents the full spectrum of perspectives on chronic and contemporary challenges to drug policy and explores the reality for drug users, dealers, suppliers and producers. Drawing on an international evidence base, the author considers: a- Drug enforcement measures: do they work and are they always ethical? a- Addiction treatment: its purpose, cost and limitations; a- Drug research: the strength of its impact on policy and practice; a- Possible solutions: from classic criminalization to radical harm reduction. Both engaging and timely, Controversies in Drugs Policy and Practice is an essential read for all social science students taking modules related to drug use, addiction and treatment. It also makes illuminating reading for academics and practitioners working within the field.
A cannabis reader : global issues and local experiences : perspectives on cannabis controversies, treatment and regulation in Europe
Perspectives on organizing crime : essays in opposition
