http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12860 educational expenditure
educational expenditure
A radical democratic critique of capitalist education
Abstract.
Efficiency and effectiveness of public expenditure on tertiary education in the EU : joint report by the Economic Policy Committee (Quality of Public Finances) and the Directorate-General for Economic and Financial Affairs
Investment in education and social choice
The impact of ageing on public expenditure: projections for the EU-25 member states on pensions, healthcare, long-term care, education and unemployment transfers (2004-50)
The welfare state as piggy bank : information, risk, uncertainty and the role of the state
To what ends and by what means? : the social justice implications of contemporary school finance theory and policy
Vocational education and training in Belgium
Public educational expenditure, costs and financing : an analysis of trends 1970-1988
More means different.The failure of the English university model
Growing public : social spending and economic growth since the eighteenth century. Vol. 1, The story
The economic value of education
Economic principles for education : theory and evidence
Key data on education in Europe 2005
Comparing post-war Japanese and Finnish economies and societies : longitudinal perspectives
Education and development : measuring the social benefits
Vocational education and training in Sweden
Monitoring and evaluation at the sector level : experiences from Joint Sector Reviews in the education sectors of Burkina Faso, Mali and Niger
Education and national development : a comparative perspective
Continuing vocational training in Finland : description of continuing vocational training in Finland prepared for the Force programme of the European Union
The politics, sociology and economics of education : interdisciplinary and comparative perspectives
Markets in education
The Bologna Process in higher education in Europe : key indicators on the social dimension and mobility
International encyclopedia of economics of education
The Conservative Party and social policy
Implementing the OECD jobs strategy : member countries' experience
Educational finances
Education and health expenditure and poverty reduction in East Africa : Madagascar and Tanzania
Joint report on social protection and social inclusion 2006
Vocational education and training in Spain
International handbook of educational policy
The new public health
Public sector in international perspective
Vocational education and training in Portugal
Education and health expenditure, and development : the cases of Indonesia and Peru
Why to invest in your neighbor? : social contract on educational investment
Financement des eq́uipments ed́ucatifs et de ́centralisation = Decentralisation and the financing of educational facilities
Markets for schooling : an economic analysis
Growing public : social spending and economic growth since the eighteenth century. Vol. 2, Further evidence
Latin American education : comparative perspectives
Education at a glance : OECD indicators 2005
Nordic education : key data 2012.
Education, cultures, and economics : dilemmas for development
The economics of education
Education at a glance : OECD indicators 2006
Tertiary education in Portugal
The disappearing state? : retrenchment realities in an age of globalisation
United in diversity? : comparing social models in Europe and America
International handbook on the economics of education
Report on the world social situation
The appraisal of investments in educational facilities
Learning policy : towards the certified society
Collective choice in education
Successful services for our children and families at risk
The market comes to education in Sweden : an evaluation of Sweden's surprising school reforms
Going broke by degree : why college costs too much
Cost-effectiveness analysis : methods and applications
Executive summary (s. 9-12).
Highlights from Education at a glance
Education at a glance : OECD indicators 2003
The growth of the public sector : theories and international evidence
Summary (s. 9-13).
Counting to five : education of children under five
Privatizing education : can the marketplace deliver choice, efficiency, equity, and social cohesion?
Essays on child care and higher education
Essays on the efficiency of schools and student achievement
School resources and student achievement revisited : new evidence using panel data
The 2005 projections of age-related expenditure (2004-50) for the EU-25 member states : underlying assumptions and projection methodologies
Global higher education rankings 2005 : affordability and accessibility in comparative perspective
Key data on education in the European Union
"This book compares two countries and with common institutional structures and other similarities and a fruitful platform for the study of the similarities and differences in economic and societal development of Japan and Finland. Despite their geographic distance from one another and the differences in their cultures, economic structures, and relative sizes, both countries experienced a rather similar economic and societal development pattern after the Second World War. The book provides comprehensive coverage on issues such as welfare society, educational system, a transition from agricultural sector to high tech sector, and bubble and its collapse, thus, typical to these countries, from a longitudinal perspective. The book aims to answer a fundamental question in social science --- "why there seem to be common trends and developmental paths among countries differing in size, culture, and economic structure?" This book will provide insight for those seeking to decipher how the developments in their own countries came about and where they may be headed to. "--
Abstract (1 s.). Summary (2 s.).
Education between state, markets and civil society : comparative perspectives
Education policy analysis
Needs-based resource allocation in education via formula funding of schools
Vocational education and training in the Netherlands
What we've lost
Public expenditure on higher education : a comparative study in the member states of the European Community
Proceedings of the Workshop on the Evaluation of Public Sector Performance
Making education count : developing and using international indicators
Evaluation of women's involvement in European Social Fund cofinanced measures in 1990
From the ballot to the blackboard : the redistributive political economy of education
Education and the Family : essays in empirical labour economics
