http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12827 assistants (general)
assistants (general)
Alvar Aalto's assistant 1954-1960
Therapy Dogs in Cancer Care : A Valuable Complementary Treatment
Running your tutor group
The legendary strategist, the mastermind behind Barack Obama's historic election campaigns, shares a wealth of stories from his forty-year journey through the inner workings of American democracy.
Hearing dog : the story of Jenny and Connie
The European Court of Justice : practice and procedure
Handbook on animal-assisted therapy : theoretical foundations and guidelines for practice
Zbig : the strategy and statecraft of Zbigniew Brzezinski
Helping skills : facilitating exploration, insight, and action
Special educational needs for newly qualified teachers and teaching assistants : a practical guide
Special needs assistants : the special characteristic and strength of the school system of Finland
National Oak Gall Wasp Survey : mapping with parabiologists in Finland
Office of the President of the Republic of Estonia
Be frank with me
Practical tips for teaching assistants
National Oak Gall Wasp Survey - mapping with parabiologists in Finland
Naisen tuoksu = Scent of a woman
Being the best man for dummies
It's all your fault : how to make it as a Hollywood assistant
The work of classroom assistants in special and mainstream education in Finland
A textbook for nursing assistants
Working with support in the classroom
Reclusive literary legend M. M. 'Mimi' Banning has been holed up in her Bel Air mansion for years. But after falling prey to a Bernie Madoff-style ponzi scheme, she's flat broke. Now Mimi must write a new book for the first time in decades, and to ensure the timely delivery of her manuscript, her New York publisher sends an assistant to monitor her progress. The prickly Mimi reluctantly complies, with a few stipulations: No Ivy-Leaguers or English majors. Must drive, cook, tidy. Computer whiz. Good with kids. Quiet, discreet, sane. When Alice Whitley arrives at the Banning mansion, she's put to work right away-as a full-time companion to Frank, the writer's eccentric nine-year-old, a boy with the wit of Noel Coward, the wardrobe of a 1930s movie star, and very little in common with his fellow fourth-graders.
Becoming a teaching assistant : a guide for teaching assistants and those working with them
Effective practices in continuing professional development : lessons from schools
Teaching assistant's handbook
Teachers and assistants working together
The bloody meadow
A second wind
Politiikan nappula. Season 3. = The thick of it
The complete guide to behaviour for teaching assistants and support staff
Occupational stress in working women and the benefits of relaxation training : studies on bank employees, home helps and hospital cleaners
World directory of schools for animal health assistants, 1971.
Dogs that visit patients with cancer have been convincingly shown to reduce stress, loneliness, and mood disturbance that may complicate cancer care. In addition, dogs may provide important motivation for patients to maintain rehabilitation programs that have been shown to reduce cancer risk and improve cancer survival. Outlining all of these issues and many more, Therapy Dogs in Cancer Care: A Valuable Complementary Treatment is a ground-breaking, highly innovative addition to the literature on cancer care.  Detailing a comprehensive summary of truly impressive research demonstrating the ability of dogs to serve an important therapeutic role within the cancer arena and in other serious medical conditions, the text provides highly practical advice and very helpful “tips” to ensure that those who wish to employ dogs to assist the cancer patient have the necessary knowledge and “tools” to optimize outcomes.  Authored by Dawn A. Marcus, MD, an expert in both pain management and health improvement through human and dog interaction, Therapy Dogs in Cancer Care: A Valuable Complementary Treatment is an extremely well-organized, well-researched, and highly readable book.   Providing practical suggestions to effectively incorporate dogs into cancer care, with detailed instructions about requirements for therapy dogs to ensure visits are safe and limit unwanted spread of infection, Therapy Dogs in Cancer Care: A Valuable Complementary Treatment is an invaluable reference that will inform and delight both the clinician desiring a “how-to” text as well as the casual reader.  .
Managing teaching assistants : a guide for headteachers, managers and teachers
Quality of personal assistance : shaped by governments, markets and corporations
Help-seeking and causal attributions for helping
Perceived work ability and physical capacity of home care workers : effects of the physical exercise and ergonomic intervention on factors related to work ability
There's hustle and bustle at Istanbul's grand bazaar as merchants and their assistants rush through the narrow alleys in their attempt to be more successful than their competitors. Everything must be well organized: wheelbarrows must be filled with goods at the warehouses, then swiftly transported by the assistants to various destinations. Your goal? Be the first merchant to collect a certain number of rubies
"They had nothing in common until love gave them everything to lose   Louisa Clark is an ordinary girl living an exceedingly ordinary life--steady boyfriend, close family--who has never been farther afield than their tiny village. She takes a badly needed job working for ex-Master of the Universe Will Traynor, who is wheelchair bound after a motorcycle accident. Will has always lived a huge life--big deals, extreme sports, worldwide travel--and now he's pretty sure he cannot live the way he is.  Will is acerbic, moody, bossy--but Lou refuses to treat him with kid gloves, and soon his happiness means more to her than she expected. When she learns that Will has shocking plans of his own, she sets out to show him that life is still worth living.  A Love Story for this generation, Me Before You brings to life  two people who couldn't have less in common--a heartbreakingly romantic novel that asks, What do you do when making the person you love happy also means breaking your own heart?   "--
Animal-assisted therapy : a guide for professional counselors, school counselors, social workers, and educators
By the people : the election of Barack Obama
Me before you
The disappearance boy
Believer : my forty years in politics
The guarantees for accused persons under article 6 of the European convention on human rights : an analysis of the application of the convention and a comparison with other instruments
