http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1287 punishments
punishments
Policing and punishing the drinking driver : a study of general and specific deterrence
Pirates : the secrets of Blackbeard's world
Penology : a realistic approach
American corrections
The elaboration of standard minimum rules for non-institutional treatment : proceedings of the sixth International Colloquium of the IPPF, Poitiers/France, 3.-6. October 1987.
The beheading and other true stories
Punishment and power in the making of modern Japan
Exile in colonial Asia : kings, convicts, commemoration
The concept of pardon in a retributive theory of punishment
Sentencing law and practice
Youth violence: new patterns and local responses : experiences in east and west
The limits of the criminal sanction
Why punish? How much? : a reader on punishment
International forum of contemporary criminal law. 1, Collected papers
Economic crimes in Finnish case law
The history of medieval life : [a guide to life from 1000 to 1500 AD]
EU annual report on human rights 2008
The theories of punishment studied from the point of view of non-violence
Rack, rope and red-hot pincers : a history of torture and its instruments
Crime, culpability, and remedy
Criminal law in action : an overview of current issues in Western societies
The new punitiveness : trends, theories, perspectives
Punishment, excuses and moral development
Western European penal systems : a critical anatomy
European penology?
Why punish?
Theories of punishment
The abuses of punishment
Crime, punishment and deterrence
Justifying legal punishment
Since the dawn of mankind, humans have demonstrated a remarkable capacity for violence, deceit and mayhem. With the advent of civilization and the creation of laws to uphold our sense of security and retribution, the notions of crime and punishment have come to play significant roles in societies the world over. But how and why do we penalize certain activities over others, and how effective are these penalties in punishing the wrongdoers and bringing a sense of justice to victims? An Eye for an Eye covers everything from petty wrongdoings to sexual offences, serial homicide, piracy and organized crime. Perhaps the most important development in the attempt to safeguard citizens was the birth of the prison and incarceration; today, the philosophy of rehabilitation is gaining increasing momentum. This book also explores execution throughout history, variously considered barbaric or justified by different cultures and societies: punishments such as stoning, hemlock, firing squad and lethal injection can incite abhorrence and support in equal measure. Written by an expert in the field, this book attempts to overcome the lack of historical written documentation, especially in non-Western cultures, by using an interdisciplinary approach that ranges from anthropology and archaeology to folklore, classical literature and oral traditions. It reveals that there is a remarkable continuity throughout history in what crimes are committed as well as the sanctions used to punish them. Perfect for students, academics and general readers alike, this book provides a fascinating insight into criminality and its consequences on a global scale. -- Jacket.
Economics of crime and enforcement
Alternatives to prison : options for an insecure society
Non-violent theories of punishment Indian and Western
Crime and criminal justice : criminological research in the 2nd decade at the Max Planck Institute in Freiburg
Restorative justice : the empowerment model
Punishing juveniles : principle and critique
Contrasts in tolerance : post-war penal policy in The Netherlands and England and Wales
The use of punishment
The re-emergence of correctional intervention
Gentle justice : analysis of open prison systems in Finland : a way to the future
The ends of harm : the moral foundations of criminal law
The execution of Noa P. Singleton : a novel
The aims of a penal system
Prosecutions, sentences and punishments
Resisting punitiveness in Europe? : welfare, human rights and democracy
Shame between punishment and penance = La honte entre peine et pénitence
Halfhead
Samurai executioner. Volume 9 : Facing life and death
Thirst. 5 : The sacred veil
Capital and corporal punishment in Anglo-Saxon England
Three criminal law reformers : Beccaria, Bentham, Romilly
Banished knowledge : facing childhood injuries
The tongues of serpents
Sentencing and sanctions in western countries
Punishment in Europe : a critical anatomy of penal systems
This title responds to the claim that criminology is becoming socially and politically irrelevant despite its exponential expansion as an academic sub-discipline. It does so by addressing the question 'what is to be done' in relation to a number of major issues associated with crime and punishment.
Medieval punishments : an illustrated history of torture
The inquisition
During 20112013, professor Magnus Ulväng and professor Iain Cameron organized a series of seminars and two conferences at the Faculty of Law of Uppsala University, bringing together a number of distinguished researchers in criminal law. The themes were criminalization and sanctions. The two themes are linked: we are seeing a development in many countries towards expanded criminalization and stiffer penalties, despite the lack of empirical evidence that tougher sentences have any significant impact on crime. Amongst the different topics covered during the seminar series were the relationship between vengeance and the criminal law, the principle of ultima ratio, the development of criminalization in EU law, the evolution and justification of the system of Ordnungswidrigkeit and the role of moral theories in criminalization. This volume collects the essays which grew out of the papers presented during the seminar series.
Israel and the nations in the Book of Amos
Studies on sentencing
God is watching you : how the fear of God makes us human
Blame : its nature and norms
Punishment : a philosophy & public affairs reader
Samurai executioner. Volume 2 : Two bodies, two minds
Pardons : justice, mercy, and the public interest
Between prison and probation : intermediate punishments in a rational sentencing system
You're off! : the Talksport book of red cards
Hart's legal philosophy : an examination
Samurai executioner. Volume 6 : Shinko the Kappa
Criminality and legal order
Punishment : a philosophical and criminological inquiry
History of punishment and torture
Samurai executioner. Volume 5 : Ten fingers, one life
Corrections : a critical approach
Samurai executioner. Volume 1 : When the demon knife weeps
A prison without walls? : Eastern Siberian exile in the last years of tsarism
The psychology of justice and legitimacy
Authoritarian rule of law : legislation, discourse, and legitimacy in Singapore
Conditional sentencing as an alternative to imprisonment
Crime and privilege : toward a new criminology
This is not my hat
International forum of contemporary criminal law. 2, Collected papers
Punishment, politics, and culture
The sociology of punishment and correction
Crime and punishment in the Middle Ages and early modern age : mental-historical investigations of basic human problems and social responses
Community punishment : a critical introduction
The ethics of law enforcement and criminal punishment
Samurai executioner. Volume 3 : The hell stick
African penal systems
Sanctions-systems in the member-states of the Council of Europe. Part 1, Deprivation of liberty, community service and other substitutes
At the edge of the law : socially unacceptable and illegal behaviour in the Middle Ages and the early modern period
Understanding local autonomy in Judaea between 6 and 66 CE
Privatisation of crime control : reports presented to the 18th Criminological Research Conference (1988)
Sparing the rod : schools, discipline and children's rights
"This innovative volume explores a fundamental issue in the field of sentencing: the factors which make a sentence more or less severe. All sentencing systems allow courts discretion to consider mitigating and aggravating factors, and many legislatures have placed a number of such factors on a statutory footing. Yet many questions remain regarding the theory and practice of mitigation and aggravation. Drawing on legal and sociological perspectives and examining mitigation and aggravation in various jurisdictions, the essays provide practical illustrations of specific factors as well as theoretical justifications. After the foreword by Andrew von Hirsch, a number of contributors address broad conceptual issues raised at sentencing. These contributions are followed by several empirical chapters including an exploration of personal mitigation in English courts. The authors are leading scholars from a range of common law jurisdictions including England and Wales, the United States, Canada, Australia, New Zealand and South Africa"--
Old-time punishments
Punishing international terrorists : the legal framework for policy initiatives
Justice in the shadow of death : rethinking capital and lesser punishments
Social control : an introduction
Fair and certain punishment : report of the Twentieth century fund task force on criminal sentencing
The school population and punishments
The spectacle of suffering : executions and the evolution of repression : from a preindustrial metropolis to the European experience
An eye for an eye : a global history of crime and punishment
The roots of evil : a social history of crime and punishment
Crime, punishment and migration
"At the height of the Middle Ages, a peculiar system of perpetual exile--or abjuration--flourished in Western Europe. It was a judicial form of exile, not political or religious, and it was meted out to felons for crimes deserving of severe corporal punishment or death. From England to France explores the lives of these men and women who were condemned to abjure the English realm, and draws on their unique experiences to shed light on a medieval legal tradition until now very poorly understood. William Chester Jordan weaves a breathtaking historical tapestry, examining the judicial and administrative processes that led to the abjuration of more than seventy-five thousand English subjects, and recounting the astonishing journeys of the exiles themselves. Some were innocents caught up in tragic circumstances, but many were hardened criminals. Almost every English exile departed from the port of Dover, many bound for the same French village, a place called Wissant. Jordan vividly describes what happened when the felons got there, and tells the stories of the few who managed to return to England, either illegally or through pardons. From England to France provides new insights into a fundamental pillar of medieval English law and shows how it collapsed amid the bloodshed of the Hundred Years' War"--
Crime and punishment in Western countries : 1980-1999 d ed. by Michael Tonry, David P. Farrington
The tasks of penology : a symposium on prisons and correctional law
Policing and punishment in nineteenth century Britain
"Explicit guidance for sentencing decisions, and an explicit rationale to guide them, has been a notable feature of sentence-reform efforts over recent decades. In England and Wales, a system of sentencing guidelines is in place, based on statutory standards and guidelines provided by the Sentencing Council. Meanwhile, an extensive literature on sentencing theory has developed - for example, that based on notions of desert and proportionate sanctions, or on notions of "limiting retributivism" (see von Hirsch and Ashworth 2005FWD-003, chs. 9 and appendix 2)"--
The ethics of punishment
Practice and theory of probation and parole
From England to France : felony and exile in the High Middle Ages
Samurai executioner. Volume 4 : Portrait of death
Orange is the new black : my year in a women's prison
Flogging others : corporal punishment and cultural identity from antiquity to the present
Statistics of the Criminal Sanctions Agency
The Judicial system in the USSR : (basic insight)
Alternatives to prison : punishment, custody and the community
Trials and punishments
The English penal system in transition
Crime and punishment : a concise moral critique
Old Scrapefoot and three bears
Punishment and retribution
Thy rod and staff
The Hidden Oracle
Punishment and democracy : three strikes and you're out in California
The austere academy
Informal justice in England and Wales, 1760-1914 : the courts of popular opinion
Popular punishment : on the normative significance of public opinion
China and international human rights : harsh punishments in the context of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights
Short-term treatment of adult offenders
Mitigation and aggravation at sentencing
Samurai executioner. Volume 10 : A couple of jitte
Inferno : an anatomy of American punishment
Crime, guilt, and punishment : a philosophical introduction
International corrections
International children's rights
Samurai executioner. Volume 7 : The bamboo splitter
Legal revision and religious renewal in ancient Israel
Suspended sentence : a report
Penal systems : a comparative approach
Punishment : the supposed justifications
Not just deserts : a republican theory of criminal justice
Studies in biblical law
Behavior analysis for effective teaching
Samurai executioner. Volume 8 : The death sign of spring
Responsibility and punishment
Understanding psychology and crime : perspectives on theory and action
The Instruments of torture
Punishment and political order
Criminal behaviour : an introduction to criminology and the penal system
Attitude of elementary school teachers and students towards corporal punishment as an effective method of discipline (in Dodolla town)
Principled sentencing
Contrasts in punishment : an explanation of Anglophone excess and Nordic exceptionalism
Crime and the fascist state, 1850-1940
Crime and the penal system
Convicts and the colonies : A study of penal transportation from Great Britain and Ireland to Australia and other parts of the British empire
Road from Ar Ramadi : the private rebellion of staff sergeant Camilo Mejía
Penal aspects of drug abuse
An idealist justification of punishment : Kant, Hegel and the problem of punishment
Wool
The history of corporal punishment
The London mob : violence and disorder in eighteenth-century England
Encyclopedia of crime and punishment
Investigates how a political system aimed at managing ethnic communities in the larger material context of the colonial urban project was first imagined and tested through the physical segregation of the colonial prison. This book demonstrates the way in which racial politics were inscribed spatially in the division of penal facilities.
Punishment in the community : the future of criminal justice
Banished : common law and the rhetoric of social exclusion in early New England
Probation : working with offenders
Witchcraft and folk belief in the age of enlightenment : Scotland 1670-1740
Codex : från stadens stenar till skampallen = Codex : from the city stones to the seat of shame : en rekonstruktion
Previous convictions at sentencing : theoretical and applied perspectives
Retributive theories of punishment justification
Dark and bright sides of human rights : towards pragmatic evaluation
Punishment : rhetoric, rule and practice
Alternatives to imprisonment : intentions and reality
Probation : a changing service
An officer and a spy
Hegel's political philosophy : interpreting the practice of legal punishment
Hidden hands and divided landscapes : a penal history of Singapore's plural society
The school population and punishment
Corrections : treatment and philosophy
How the innocent are punished? : the effects of incarceration of non-guilty family in the USA
Competition law sanctioning in the European Union : the EU-law influence on the national law system of sanctions in the European area
What is to be done about crime and punishment? : towards a 'public criminology'
