http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12871 human resource management
human resource management personnel management
Human resource management ethics
The forming of HRM practices in international joint ventures in the context of coopetition : a multiple- case study within a Finnish industrial company
Challenges in identifying potential team leaders: case: Christian based non-profit organisations
Managing people in international hospitality & tourism industries : approaches to managing, motivating and rewarding employees
Improving human resource management practices in Finland for immigrant workers
Factors to Consider it the design of content and process modules of the HRM softwere system used in international recruitment and selection: Case company: Skillnet Oy
Succession in Family Business
Well-being : productivity and happiness at work
Business the Jack Welch way : 10 secrets of the world's greatest turnaround king
A handbook of human resource management practice
Alexey Goder and Tatiana Gromova share their experience in managing offshore development projects and remote project management. They summarize their experience in intellectual property protection, remote human resource management and financial models for outsourcing.
Human resource management practices for self-initiated expatriates
Develop your leadership skills
KPO and its people : case KPO
Applying HRM in construction industry : with focus in divercity: the case study of German construction companies
A multi-level approach to e-HRM motives and consequences in an MNC : a case study X
A learning organization : machine or human?
The future of human resource management : 64 thought leaders explore the critical HR issues of today and tomorrow
Business in action
Managing human resources in Europe : a thematic approach
Learning for organizational development : how to design, deliver and evaluate effective L&D
International business : the new realities
Total performance scorecard : self-assessment work book : 34 probing questions and contrasting pairs of examples : what separates the successful from the average?
Winning : the answers : confronting 74 of the toughest questions in business today
Relationship between perceived organizational support and willingness to pursue a career in the hospitality industry
Counselling fundamentals in the workplace
The role of employee performance management as a tool for implementing the company strategy
Transform your workplace : 52 proven strategies to motivate, energize, and kick productivity up to the next level
Human resources and personnel management
The change in Chinese labour market
Promoting the Wellbeing of Culturally Diverse Nursing Staff
People, international projects and public administration : interpreting the international human resource management frame
Sales management and organisation
Nice companies finish first : why cutthroat management is over - and collaboration is in
Competence management and human resource development : theoretical framework for understanding the practices of modern Finnish organisations
International management in China : cross-cultural issues
Sustainable human resource management : a conceptual and exploratory analysis from a paradox perspective
A framework for human resource management
Abstract:.
Employee commitment to energy management : a qualitative interview study about employee commitment to energy management in industrial companies and public real estates
The essentials of power, influence, and persuation
Human resource management in the hospitality and tourism industry
Radical candor : how to be a kickass boss without losing your humanity
Developing teams
Lean hospitals : improving quality, patient safety, and employee engagement
Management & organisational behaviour
Managing human resources for environmental sustainability
The future of knowledge-intensive service work : theory and practice of managing human and organisational resources
How to run a theatre : a witty, practical and fun guide to arts management
Coaching as a tool for performance management : a case study at Company X
HUMAN RESOURCE MANAGEMENT IN TRANSITIONAL ECONOMY IN VIETNAM
First, break all the rules : what the world's greatest managers do differently
Research in personnel and human resources management
The EFQM excellence model for educational institutions : self-assessment work book : 34 probing questions and contrasting pairs of examples : what separates the successful from the average?
International hospitality management : concepts and cases
Motivating employees at BR Toys in Nordic countries
OPTIMIZATION OF HR TRAINING PROGRAM :  Case Company: Haier Group
Effect of the Japanese management model changes to its Nordic subsidiaries
Instruction booklet for inpatriates moving to Finland: case: Company: UPM-Kymmene
Hotel management and operations
People resourcing
Handbook of principles of organizational behavior : indispensable knowledge for evidence-based management
THE INFLUENCES OF EMPLOYEE TRAINING TO HUMAN RESOURCE MANAGEMENT IN CHINA.Case Company:Hua wei
Everybody matters : the extraordinary power of caring for your people like family
Pre-departure training : Finnish expatriates assigned to China
Local facility and human resource management in sports : a comparative case study of the situation in Jyväskylä/Finland and Umeå/Sweden
Strategic management in the media : from theory to practice
Human resource management : strategic and international perspectives
Recruitment and selection of foreign workers in Canadian SMEs and suggestions to cope with the labour shortage
Competence management and human resource development : a theoretical framework for understanding the practices of modern Finnish organisations
Fundamentals of management : essential concepts and applications
Armstrong's essential human resource management practice : a guide to people management
A guide to international outsourcing : how to achieve success and avoid common mistakes
How to build a great team
Assessing the effectiveness of the FINRUS Partnership-Program : case: FINTRA
Encouraging learning and development : how to apply the Investors in People (IIP) standard : self-assessment work book : 25 probing questions and contrasting pairs of examples. Part 2
Attracting the young employee : Analysis of factors influencing the choice of  future workplace of IT students
Finding ways to improve the onboarding process of new employees in Company X
Human resource management for events : managing the event workforce
Development Plan For Multicultural Working Environment , A Case Study – Middle East
Trust, organizations and social interaction : studying trust as process within and between organizations
Human resource management : a tool for competitive advantage
Motivating factors and incentives in the branches of Bank X in Southern Finland
Leadership for developing consensus of perspectives on children's learning in early childhood centers
Management Models in Organizations and Problems of CSR Promotion: Lithuanian Case
Managing human resources in China : the view from inside multinationals
Human resources policies and journalist recruitment at Capital Women in Vietnam
The feedback book : 50 ways to motivate and improve the performance of your people
Steps to success : global good practices in tourism human resources
Leading by example
A work guidebook for Finnish Ice Hockey Association regional girl's hockey instructors
The essence of managing people
How to manage people
Human resource management in nonprofit organizations
Business administration : an introductory study
Employee turnover from hotel management perspective in Helsinki
The impact of human resource management practices on knowledge sharing : the case of Poro Bank
Human resource management issues in accounting and audit firms : a research perspective
Managing the flexible workforce
Leadership and motivation : the fifty-fifty rule and the eight key principles of motivating others
Management theory and practice
Cases and experiential exercises in human resource management : instructor's manual
Strategic human resource management : a guide to action
Superbosses : how exceptional leaders master the flow of talent
Developing a model of employee's performance management process for Tallinn hotel businesses
Development Discussions for Construction Workers as a Tool for Management by Key Results
Optimizing Performance Management by Management by Objectives
”It's so nice to be at work!” : adopting different perspectives in understanding Generation Y at work
Challenging coaching : going beyond traditional coaching to face the facts
Talent management: Myth or Reality in Today's SMEs : A study into the importance and use of talent management within small and medium-sized enterprises
A Superboss Blows her Goals by Building an Army of Leaders. Which would you rather be? Superbosses exist in nearly every industry, from the glamorous to the mundane. They are defined by consistent success in their fields and their approach to finding, nurturing and developing talent. If you study the top fifty leaders in any field, as many as one-third will have once worked for a superboss. After ten years of research and more than two hundred interviews with superbosses including technology CEO Larry Ellison and fashion pioneer Ralph Lauren, Finkelstein explores this previously unidentified phenomenon and shows how each of us can emulate their best tactics to create our own powerful networks of extraordinary talent.
Explaining the performance of human resource management
Employees Training and Development in Chinese State Owned Companies : Case:LQ Coal-Fired Power Plant
Personnel management : theory and practice
The first-time manager
Understanding the HRM role in MNCs from a social capital perspective : the case of Kanga Company
Strategy and human resource management
Key Terms in People Management
Care as everyday staff leadership
Abstract: The aim of this thesis was to find out whether employer branding is a necessary action every organisation should take to attract more job applicants, or is it just a current fashion invented by the Human Resources professionals. Besides investigating the general necessity of the concept, this research also gives recommendations to a company called Triodor Software about needed actions to increase the quality and quantity of their job applicants. The need for this research aroused when current literature did not show any empirical evidence about what is actually attracting job seekers to apply for work in certain companies. A company called Triodor Software needed advice in attracting more and more talented job applicants, and the research aimed to help to find out whether employer branding is the solution. A critical review of the current literature was carried out and an online questionnaire was distributed to the job applicants of Triodor Software to answer the research questions. The results revealed that a globally or nationally known company might have the potential to attract job applicants without any specific employer branding actions. In a case of a more unfamiliar company in the local labour market however employer branding can be the key action to attract more job applicants. However, the research showed that different people represents different opinions and desires, and therefore a combination of employer brand and companies' other brands can be the best solution to increase the quality and quantity of job applicants.
The dynamic interaction between internal and external pressures for MNCs  HR management practices: The case of Lidl Finland
Introduction to management
Worker participation in occupational safety and health : a practical guide
A handbook of management techniques : a comprehensive guide to achieving managerial excellence and improved decision making
A Comparative analysis of human resource systems in Finland and in the UK : Implications of societal, cultural and historical factors
Human resource management and organization behavior : selected perspectives
The essentials of power, influence, and persuasion
The Perception of employee wellness in the hospitality industry : a survay research among hotel employers in the Black Forest, Germany
Positive and Negative Effects of Friendship at the Workplace
Abstract: Health care workforce is becoming culturally more diverse globally. Nurses migrating from one country to another might face specific challenges in their integration such as discrimi-nation and language difficulties. Many misunderstandings are likely to occur due to cultural differences.    The purpose of this final project was to chart scientific research articles to introduce management strategies that promote the wellbeing of a culturally diverse nursing staff. The specific research question that was intended to answer was: What kinds of management strategies promote the wellbeing of a culturally diverse nursing staff?    CINAHL database was used to conduct a literature review. Research articles published between 2001-2012 and written in English language or Finnish that were able to answer the research question and that do not concentrate on expatriation were included in this literature review if full texts of the articles were accessed. Altogether 21 articles were included. Inductive content analysis was applied to analyze the data.    Three generic categories including three to five subcategories were formed. The categories are: (1) Organizational support: Managerial support, Emotional support, Social support, Additional support and Provision of formal networks; (2) Provision of education: Education and training, Language support, Orientation programs and Time; and (3) Nature of working environment: Working conditions, Favorable working environment and Fairness and Equality.    Promotion of wellbeing of culturally diverse nursing staff requires many interventions and a lot of efforts.   A holistic approach is important, as can be seen from various perspectives appearing in the categories that were identified. The most important thing seems to be consideration of the needs of newly arrived nurses and interest in their supporting. They need not only educational and practical, but also emotional and peer support in an envi-ronment where equality and fairness can take place. .
A Survey of Employees' Perception and Satisfaction at the Integration Phase of Cross-border Acquisition
Diverse human resource management of a non-profit organisation
Introduction to human resource management
Fundamentals of human resource management : functions, applications, skill development
Managing hospitality human resources
Factors affecting employees' perceptions of the performance appraisal process
Light their fire : using internal marketing to ignite employee performance and wow your customers
Alalysis of Finnish expatriates experiences of pre-departure training
The effective manager
Social media as a tool for recruiting : in a perspective of a small consulting company
The objective of this thesis was to conduct a research in order to find out the level of satisfaction among the employees at several bars in Porvoo. The main research problems and questions of the thesis were to find out what is the level of employee satisfaction, whether the employees find the work environment stimulating, and whether the employees are engaged. It was also to be studied whether employee satisfaction can yield higher customer satisfaction. The empirical data for the research was gathered through a survey. The survey was conducted at the bar locations straight from the staff and it included three background questions, 33 subject-relevant multiple choice questions and eight open-ended questions. The total number of participants in this survey was 31. Due to the style and the nature of the survey, the quantitative research method was used. The result of this study showed that the employees of the company were mostly satisfied about their work although there were also signs of disengagement. Some also felt that the job was slighlty overwhelming as the shifts are mostly during nights. Clearly for most of the employees the best parts of their work were the colleagues, the work spirit, as well as the work itself. The worst parts, most felt, were internal communications, managerial relationships, and rewards. With the results of the study the recommendations were following. The company should provide better internal communications as well as a fair and equal work environment. The managerial relationships were also to be looked into to make them more enjoyable and understandable to the employees. Also what the employees wished for was more rewards in ways of simple thank-yous and other oral acknowledgements.
The art of winning commitment : 10 ways leaders can engage minds, hearts, and spirits
Deep change : discovering the leader within
Creating an employee satisfaction survey process : case : Cargotec
Management development : perspectives from research and development
Dictionary of human resources and personnel management
For professionals responsible for talent management and development, assessing competence and capability is crucial, especially in relation to recruiting the right leader. Yet talent professionals can also use leadership assessment as a positive and powerful talent development tool. Leadership Assessment for Talent Development goes beyond recruitment to position assessment as a central, strategic activity. It demonstrates how to apply a connected process that accelerates behavioural change areas and facilitates the engagement and enabling of in-house talent. This practical, forward-looking book uses authentic, engaging case studies to show how the principles of leadership assessment can work in practice. It is an essential companion for HR and talent professionals in any field who want to equip their company with the talent it needs to be fit for business success.
Employer branding - fashion or the future? Investigation into the necessity of employer branding for organisations to attract talent : case study : Triodor Software
Brilliant manager : what the best managers know, do and say
China is undergoing a dramatic transition from the old to the new as the country integrates into global product and labour markets. Managing Human Resources in China examines the emergence of new and hybrid forms of employment practices within Chinese Multinational Corporations (MNCs) from the perspective of local stakeholders. These include managers, workers and government officials, who take part in strategic planning and policy implementation whilst coping with the pressure of an ever-changing environment. Working in and observing four foreign-invested manufacturing plants located in one of China's new industrial clusters, Yu Zheng offers a fresh perspective on the management of MNCs. The voices of employees have not been heard before, yet they are the critical actors in China's transformation through foreign direct investment. This book explores the pains and gains, achievements and setbacks of managing the Chinese workforce, which is ever pragmatic, increasingly assertive and constantly evolving.
The significance of perceived development opportunities in the context of retention : comparing ageing and younger nurses
Trust, Organizations and Social Interaction aims to promote new knowledge about trust in an organizational context. The book provides case-analysis of how trust is formed through processes of social interaction in which actors observe, reflect upon and make sense of trust behaviour and its meaning in an organizational and social environment. It greatly contributes to clarifying what a process view may mean in trust research and to the understanding how social interaction processes affect trust.The contributing authors demonstrate how trust and distrust are produced and reproduced in a complex interplay with social processes and practices. Instead of asking how trust may be measured or how trust is a resource for managers, they explore how trust develops and how managers become intertwined with and caught up in trust processes.
The people advantage : improving results through better selection and performance
Employee satisfaction, loyalty and positive work environment as means to enhance customer experience
The power of influence : intensive influencing skills in business
Human resource management excelence model : self-assessment work book : 16 good questions and contrasting pairs of examples
Motivate and reward : performance appraisal and incentive systems for business success
Human resource management at work : people management and development
The handbook of human resource management education : promoting an effective and efficient curriculum
Human capital management : achieving added value through people
The EFQM excellence model for public organisations : self-assesment work book : what separates the successfull from the avarage?
Diversity management and intercultural communication experiences in multicultural organisations in South Ostrobothnia
Human resource management : an experiential approach
Sharpen your team's skills in time management
The healthy organization : a revolutionary approach to people and management
Creating an employee satisfaction survey process : Case: CARGOTEC
Finding a voice at work? : new perspectives on employment relations
Emerging knowledge-creation spaces : why should HR managers participate in knowledge-creation?
Human factors in management
Impact of HRM practices on employee motivation and work efficiency in small lubricant enterprises in Fushun, China
Coaching for performance : GROWing human potential and purpose : the principles and practice of coaching and leadership
New challenges for European human resource management
Leadership assessment for talent development
Human resources policies and journalist recruitment at Capital Women newspaper in Vietnam
Professional HR : evidence-based people management and development
High levels of psychological well-being amongst employees translate into good news for the organization, including lower sickness-absence levels, attraction and retention of talented people, and more satisfied customers, clients, or service users. People with higher levels of psychological well-being work better, live longer and have happier lives. Engagement and well-being can sustain each other and lead to a healthier and more productive organization, a win-win for employees and employers.
It̕s the people! : what really drives great management and leadership
Managing and supporting people in health care
The Perception of Employee Wellness in the Hospitality Industry : A survey research among hotel employers in the Black Forest, Germany
Quiet leadership : help people think better - don't tell them what to do! : six steps to transforming performance at work
Human resource management (HRM) can aid nonprofit organizations (NPOs) in facing uncertain, changing environments of funding pressures, increasing competition and demand for services as well as internal challenges. As the distinguishing features of NPOs can render the professionalization of HRM different from the private and public sectors, this book fills a gap in the literature by offering an in-depth look at how this distinctive nature of NPOs shapes the development and implementation of their HR practices. Timely and topical, this book addresses the professionalization of HRM in the nonprofit sector using examples from an exploratory multiple case study of NPOs selected across different fields. Not only does it offer both students and practitioners in the field of HRM and nonprofit management a better understanding of the specific challenges for HRM that stem from the management of several, contradictory bottom lines in NPOs, but it also highlights the opportunities that distinguishing nonprofit features create for the development and implementation of HR practices. By illustrating how NPOs can invest in learning and adapting processes that aid them in the alteration of HRM, this book is an essential resource for those involved in designing, implementing and studying HRM in NPOs.
Information pathways for the competence foresight mechanism in talent management framework
Motivation theories in human resource management : problems and solutions for a reward system at Shen Ma Company
Human resource management
Female Leadership Motivation in Small and Medium-Sized Enterprises
Leadership when the heat's on
Factors affecting the success of English language human resources training
Developing the role of human resource information systems for the activities of good leadership
Essentials of organizational behavior
Personnel managers and crisis situations : emotion-handling strategies
Dilbert gives you the business : a Dilbert book
No zoo : ethnic civility and its cultural regulation among the staff of a Finnish high-tech company
Managing difficult people
Leadership in IS projects : supporting team development
The business coaching toolkit : top ten strategies for solving the toughest dilemmas facing organizations
Leading libraries : how to create a service culture
Ethical business : challenges and controversies
"From Michael Armstrong, HR expert and best-selling author, comes this new edition of the business staple, How to Manage People. Providing valuable insight into the functions and skills required to be an effective manager - from how to manage teams to successful recruitment - it will help you get the best from your staff through motivation, reward and leadership. With three brand new chapters on managing virtual teams, enhancing employee engagement and managing conflict, it is full of easily applicable advice as well as practical tools and checklists. Essential reading for anyone who wants to get the best from their teams, How to Manage People distills the essence of good management into one handy book. With over one million copies sold, the hugely popular Creating Success series covers a wide variety of topic, with the latest editions including new chapters such as Tough Conversations and Treating People Right. This indispensable business skills collection is suited to a variety of roles, from someone looking to develop their time management skills for a society committee role, to someone with a business idea looking to build a strategic plan"--
The essential guide to employee engagement : better business performance through staff satisfaction
Employer Branding - fashion or the future? Investigation into the necessity of Employer Branding for organisations to attract talent - Case Study : Triodor Software
The game changer : how to use the science of motivation with the power of game design to shift behaviour, shape culture and make clever happen
The Effective Manager is a hands-on practical guide to great management at every level. Written by the man behind Manager Tools, the world's number-one business podcast, this book distills the author's 25 years of management training expertise into clear, actionable steps to start taking today.
Creating human resource policy for an SME company
Managing human resources in the Middle-East
Scaling up excellence : getting to more without settling for less
