http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12854 dust
dust
Measurement of magnetic lung contamination in vivo : evaluation of the method and its application to arc welders
The mystery cloud of 536 CE in the Mediterranean sources
Development and application of acoustic air flow paper dust measuring device in POLYTEST-project
Indoor Air '93 : proceedings of the 6th International Conference on Indoor Air Quality and Climate [Helsinki, Finland, July 4-8, 1993]. Volume 1, Health effects
Inhaled particles 7 : proceedings of an International Symposium on Inhaled Particles organized by the British Occupational Hygiene Society, 16-22 September 1991
Respiratory disease in a farming population : a seroepidemiological survey of farmer's lung and chronic nonspecific lung disease among dairy farmers in Eastern Finland
Correlation between DPA and Emerson method as well as between DPA and process variables
Fine particle emissions from milled peat production
Indoor air quality at a waste incineration plant
Morphological changes related to ciliogenesis in the bronchial epithelium in experimental conditions and clinical course of disease
Silica, some silicates, coal dust and para-aramid fibrils
Operational plan for the prevention of acute street dust problems
Survey of prevention methods and amounts of road dust in Scandinavia and Canada as well as particle size distribution of road dust in Pori : opinnäytetyö
Inhalation of endotoxin, hay dust suspension and Aspergillus fumigatus extract elevate MMP-9 dose dependently
Polyphenols of hardwood species : monitoring of wood dust exposure
POLYTEST-project was launched in Tampere University of Applied Sciences in 2006 with a main target to develop dusting measurement method which can be used in laboratories and also in paper mills as an online measurement method. Since then several thesis works and prototypes were developed. The aim of this final thesis is in developing a statistical analysis method for analyzing the data collected. The work includes finding the appropriate parameters such as the clean air flow rate, amplitude, and acoustic sound play time for detaching dust particles from the paper surface using acoustic vibration, and collecting the data from five different paper types. Detached dust particles are then sucked in to Boulder Counter to be counted and sorted according to their particle diameter and finally the data will be transferred to computer to be statistically analyzed using Microsoft Excel to categorize the paper types accord-ing to amount of dust particles they are releasing.  As the dust particles have different particle diameters the statistical analysis on the data collected or even more amounts of paper sheets should be studied more in the future because it will help understand which particle diameter have significant effect on the comparison of different paper types.
Ignition handbook : principles and applications to fire safety engineering, fire investigation, risk management and forensic science
Mycobacteria and related genera are major colonizers of a wall in a children's day care center
The particle atlas : a photomicrographic reference for the microscopical identification of particulate substances
Infant botulism acquired from household dust presenting as sudden infant death syndrome
The studded tire - a fair bargain? : a cost-benefit assessment
The verification of dust-particle-counter in case of differences of particle shapes
Effect of composition and different fractions of hay dust suspension on inflammation in lungs of heaves-affected horses : MMP-9 and MMP-2 as indicators of tissue destruction
Control of dusting in BCTMP drying
Development of laboratory device for linting and dusting measurements in polytest project
Characterization of microorganisms in indoor environments
Paper dust collection and statistical analysis of specific paper types in Polytest-project
Road dust from pavement wear and traction sanding
Agricultural medicine : occupational and environmental health for the health professions
Numerical simulation of peat dust explosions
Abstract: Survey of prevention methods and amounts of road dust in Scandinavia and Canada as well as particle size distribution of road dust in Pori.
Dust : the inside story of its role in the September 11th aftermath
The impairment of lung function caused by environmental exposure to pollutants and toxicants is a rising health problem, particularly in highly industrialized parts of the world. The problem is urgently calling for the development of new methodologies to assess both the level of elemental exposure and the effects for quality of health and longevity. This volume provides state-of-the-art information about the recent advances in occupational and non-occupational pollutant-related disorders of the respiratory tract, and the assessment of a threat they pose for the health-span. Heavy traffic-related air pollution, unnoticeable but salient health detriment, is dealt with at length.
Gadgets and necessities : an encyclopedia of household innovations
Dose responses to inhalation of endotoxin, hay dust suspension and Aspergillus fumigatus extract in horses as measured by levels and activation of matrix metalloproteinase-9
Farmers' exposure to dusts and gases in dairy farms
The effect of acid fumes and dust on the oral cavity : [väitöskirjakatsaus]
Correlation between fine particle emissions of traffic and laboratory measurements of vehicles : final report
Dust in animal houses : Tagungsbericht : Symposium der International Society of Animal Hygiene in Zusammnarbeit mit der Fachgruppe Hygiene der Deutschen Veterinärmedizinischen Geschellschaft e.V. (DVG), der Akademie fur tierärztliche Fortbildung (ATF) der Deutschen Tierärzteschaft e.V. Wiesbaden
Cytokine, chemokine, and chemokine receptor expression in RAW 264.7 mouse macrophages and in the lungs of mice after exposure to wood dust
Sources, emissions, and occurrence of chlorinated paraffins in Stockholm, Sweden
Dust reduction in magnesite industry
A comparison of the paper linting and dusting measurement methods used in the POLYTEST-project
Occupational pulmonology
Izučenie zapylennosti vozduha rabočej zony na predpriâtiâh po dobyče i obogaŝeniû hrizotil-asbesta kombinata "Uralasbest", g. Asbest, Rossiâ : zaklûčitel'nyj otčet = Dust measurements in the chrysotile mining and milling operations of Uralasbest Company, Asbest, Russia : summary report
The presence and persistence of birch and grass pollen antigenic activity in settled dust
Humoural immune response to Aspergillus umbrosus carbohydrate antigens in farmer's lung
Microbial contamination of building materials : growth and aerosolization
PM10 concentrations in urban ambient air : Trends in Helsinki and Tampere from 2006 to 2010
Abstract.
Optimization of bioactive glass granule rinse
Transmission electron microscopy and X-ray microanalysis in environmental lung pathology : studies on inhaled inorganic particles and related tissue reactions
Indoor environment : airborne particles and settled dust
Summary.
Acute respiratory health effects of particulate matter : effects of size, composition and sources
Toxigenic microbes in indoor environment : identification, structure and biological effects of the aerosolizing toxins
Some environmental aspects of BF, EAF and BOF
Redust : best practices in winter maintenance to reduce respirable street dust
The secret life of dust : from the cosmos to the kitchen counter, the big consequences of little things
Computer modeling of light scattering by atmospheric dust particles with spheroids and ellipsoids
Abstract and summary.
Handbook of explosion prevention and protection
The effect of acid fumes and dust on the oral cavity
Particle Measurement with PM10 Impactor and Image Analysis in Polytest Project
Computational light scattering by atmospheric dust particles
The aim of this thesis was to optimize a downstream method, the rinsing of bioactive glass granules. The thesis was commissioned by BonAlive Biomaterials Ltd. All experimental work was performed within the company premises. BonAlive Biomaterials manufactures products for bone regeneration, for example bioactive glass granules for bone cavity filling. The company was preparing for a production scale-up which created the need for this thesis. The primary concern was the powder generated in the production process of milling and sieving the granules to a smaller diameter. This powder attaches to the surface of the granules. The effects of the powder are not documented regarding the working mechanism of bioactive glass. It was desired to preserve the bioactivity of the granules whilst raising the amount of granules in a single rinse and decreasing time required for the rinsing procedure. The old method of rinsing utilized an empty ball mill to loosen the dust. The granules were submerged in ethanol and placed in the container of the mill. This step in the process was deemed too time consuming. After the washing of the granules with the mill, the granules were placed on a sieve and rinsed using a squeeze bottle. One goal of this thesis was to remove the mill from the rinsing process. A novel rinsing method using a diaphragm pump and a shower head was developed. Two sets of tests were designed, one to measure the effect of the glass powder on the pH of bioactive glass granules in TRIS solution, and another to test the efficiency of the novel method for removing powder from the granules.The possible effects of excess powder were researched. It was discovered that the powder generated in normal production of granules does not affect the pH level of bioactive glass. It was also discovered that the developed rinsing method removes most of the glass powder attached to the granules. The new method is superior to the old one as it cuts the time used per rinse to 1/5 of the original time. The amount of granules rinsed per batch also rose from to 2.5 times when compared to the old method.
Understanding vented gas explosions
Direct activation of gelatinase B (MMP-9) by hay dust suspension and different components of organic dust
Air pollution and respiratory health among children
The feasibility of torrefaction for the co-firing of wood in pulverised-fuel boilers
The allergy and asthma protective effects of farm environment and pet animals : the role of immunomodulation
From outcrops to dust : mapping, testing, and quality assessment of aggregates
Levels of brominated flame retardants in humans and their enviroment : occupational and home exposure
Wood dust and formaldehyde : International Agency for Reseach on Cancer. 1995.
Effects of waste treatment technique and quality of waste on bioaerosols in Finnish waste treatment plants
Assessment of voice among emerging high-risk population groups : with special emphasis on kindergarten teachers, children with laryngeal reconstruction, and workers exposed to organic dust
Against the odds : an autobiography
The effect of cleaning on concentrations of surface dust and airborne particles
The monetary valuation of road traffic's environmental hazards
Americans view their Dust Bowl experience
Cleaning in tomorrow's world : Third International Congress on Professional Cleaning 30. September - 1. October 2002, Helsinki, Finland : proceedings
Street dust emissions in Finnish cities : summary of results from 2006-2010
Asbestosis, its detection, and predictors of progression and cancer
Alkaline leaching of iron and steelmaking dust
Occupational exposure to organic dusts and cancer among Finnish workers : special emphasis on the food industry and agriculture
Residential dampness problems and symptoms and signs of bronchial obstruction in young Norwegian children
Air quality monitoring : Fushun-Kokkola
Principles of health and safety in agriculture
Impact of the human bacterial environment on mycobacteriosis and allergy
Serodiagnosis of farmer's lung
