http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12851 Heteroptera
Heteroptera
Picromerus bidens (Heteroptera: Pentatomidae) as predator of the Checkerspot Euphydryas aurinia (Lepidoptera: Nymphalidae)
Effect of Lygus rugulipennis Popp. (Hem., Capsicae) on the yield and quality of wheat
Alydidae, Stenocephalidae and Rhopalidae of West and Central Africa
The migratory true bug Liorhyssus hyalinus (Fabricius) new to Finnish fauna (Heteroptera, Rhopalidae)
Heteroptera of Yemen and South Yemen
Water striders from the Paleogene of Denmark with a review of the fossil record and evolution of semiaquatic bugs (Hemiptera, Gerromorpha)
Seed bugs in trophic webs : interactions with resources, competitors and enemies
Orthotylinae of West, Central and North-East Africa (Heteroptera, Miridae)
Species composition, abundance, and forecasting of Lygus bugs (Heteroptera: Miridae) on field crops in Finland
Studies on Palearctic and African Heteroptera
Miridae of West and Central Africa (Hemiptera, Heteroptera)
Changes of cuticular structures of Ischnodemus caspius (Heteroptera: Lygaeoidea: Blissidae) from the fifth instar to the adult
Archives of jazz 2.
Trivial movements and redistribution of polyphagous insect herbivores in heterogeneous vegetation
The bugs are coming  -  a book of Miridae : Book review
Studies on the Heteroptera of the Khorasan province in N. E. Iran. 1, Nepomorpha, Gerromorpha, Leptopodomorpha, Cimicomorpha (Nabidae, Anthocoridae), and Pentatomorpha (Coreoidea)
Blue sticky traps are more efficient for the monitoring of Lygus rugulipennis (Heteroptera, Miridae) than yellow sticky traps
Ant predation and the cost of egg carrying in the golden egg bug : experiments in the field
Regulation of human granulosa-luteal cell function in vitro
Insect Protein Production - Possibilities in Finland
Seasonal occurrence of Lygus bugs on field crops in Finland
Revision of the Mexican genera Ficinus Distant and Jornandes Distant with the description of 21 new species (Heteroptera, Miridae, Orthotylinae, Orthotylini)
Herbivory in riparian buffers of agricultural landscapes in SW Finland
Check-list of recent family-group and genus-group names of Nepomorpha (Heteroptera) of the world
A revised key to the British water bugs (Hemiptera-Heteroptera) : with notes on their ecology
Biology of the plant bugs (Hemiptera: Miridae) : pests, predators, opportunists
Knowing and recognizing : the biology of glasshouse pests and their natural enemies
Revision of New World Plagiognathus Fieber : with comments on the Palearctic fauna and the description of a new genus (Heteroptera, Miridae, Phylinae)
Hug the bug : for love of true bugs ; Festschrift zum 70. Geburtstag von Ernst Heiss. Begleitbuch zur Ausstellung "Wanzen" im Biologiezentrum der Oberösterreichischen Landesmuseen Linz 13. Oktober 2006 bis 18. März 2007
The role of summer frost and Lygus feeding in the induction of growth disturbances in Scots pine seedlings
On Deraeocoris lutescens (Schilling) and Pinalitus atomarius (Meyer-Dür) in Sweden (Heteroptera: Miridae)
Catá́logo dos mirídeos do mundo = Catalogue of the miridae of the world. 4, Subfamília Mirinae = Subfamily Mirinae
Keys to the larvae of British Corixidae
Insular evolution, speciation, and revision of the Hawaiian genus Nesiomiris (Hemiptera: Miridae)
Regulation of inhibin and activin subunit gene expression in human granulosa cells
Wing dimorphism of the water strider Limnogonus franciscanus (Stål) (Heteroptera : Gerridae) in a seasonal tropical climate
Catalogue of the Heteroptera of the Palaearctic Region. 3, Cimicomorpha II
Occurrence of flat bugs (Heteroptera: Aradidae) in burned and unburned forests
Studies on the Heteroptera of the Khorasan province in N.E. Iran. 2, Cimicomorpha: Miridae
The assassin bug Pygolampis bidentata Goeze, 1778 (Heteroptera, Reduviidae) in Estonia
Catalogue of the Heteroptera of the Palaearctic Region. 5, Pentatomomorpha II
Water striders (Heteroptera, Gerridae) as bioindicators of heavy metal pollution
Summary.
Atlas of the drepanosiphine aphids of the world. Part II, Panaphidini Oestlund, 1923- Panaphidina Oestlund, 1923- (Hemiptera: Aphididae: Calaphidinae)
Records of true bugs new to Estonia, with some biological notes (Hemiptera-Heteroptera)
New faunistic records of threatened saproxylic Coleoptera Diptera, Heteroptera, Homoptera and Lepidoptera from the Republic of Karelia, Russia
Hemiptera of Iraq. 4, Heteroptera, the aquatic and subaquatic families, Saldidae and Leptopodidae
Catalogue of the Heteroptera of the Palaearctic Region. 1, Enicocephalomorpha, Dipsocoromorpha, Nepomorpha, Gerromorpha and Leptopodomorpha
Heteroptera from Socotra
Catalogue of the Heteroptera of the Palaearctic Region. 2, Cimicomorpha I
Reproductive behaviour of long-winged waterstriders (Heteroptera, Gerridae) in relation to food and habitat variation
Effectiveness of dimethoate, formothion and methyl parathion against lygus rugulipennis popp. at different temperatures
Notes on 5th instar nymphs of two species of Phaenacantha Horváth (Heteroptera: Colobathristidae)
The Exterminators. [1], Bug brothers
Female reproduction and conspecific utilisation in an egg-carrying bug : who carries, who cares?
Interesting collection of Corixidae (Heteroptera) from a fish pond
Prevalence of bed bugs, cockroaches and human fleas in Finland
Amnestus raunoi n. sp. from Iran, the first Old World representative of the New World subfamily Amnestinae (Hemiptera: Heteroptera: Cydnidae)
Annotated list of bugs (Hemiptera-Heteroptera) from the coastal sand dunes in the vicinity of Tvätminne Zoological Station, Finland
Structural complexity and social cohesion in gregarious animals : from conflict to cooperation
Catalogue of the Heteroptera of the Palaearctic Region. 4, Pentatomomorpha I
Records on the distribution of Micronecta species (Het., Corixidae) in Finland
Orius albidipennis (Heteroptera: Anthocoridae) : intraguild predation of and prey preference for Neoseiulus cucumeris (Acari: Phytoseiidae) on different host plants
Maternal care and reproductive tactics in shield bugs
The role of egg-parasitoids on the oviposition behavior of the golden egg bug (Phyllomorpha laciniata)
On the Miridae fauna of the Middle East (Heteroptera, Miridae)
Within species variation in host plant quality and movement behavior of Lygus rugulipennis nymphs
Egg carrying in the golden egg bug
The LH/CG receptor : cell surface distribution, down-regulation and coupling to the Ca2+ signaling pathway
Atlas of the drepanosiphine aphids of the world. Part I, Panaphidini Oestlund, 1922- Myzocallidina Börner, 1942 (1930) (Hemiptera: Aphididae: Calaphidinae
The fire-adapted flatbug Aradus laeviusculus Reuter (Heteroptera, Aradidae) rediscovered in Finland (North Karelia, Koli National Park)
Peristenus varisae spec. nov. (Hymenoptera: Braconidae) parasitizing the European tarnished plant bug, Lygus rugulipennis Poppius (Heteroptera: Miridae)
Studies on the Heteroptera of the Khorasan province in N.E. Iran. 3, Cimicomorpha: Tingidae and Pentatomorpha: Berytidae
