http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12839 Alnus incana
Alnus incana speckled alder grey alder
Biomass and nitrogen dynamics of intensively grown grey alder plantations on peatland
Summary: Distribution and ecology of Alnus incana, Betula nana, B. pendula and B. pubescens is described, with notes on their morphology, taxonomy, variation and hybridization. A. incana var. virescens occurs in the north of the area...
Abstract.
Influence of litter quality and fertilization on microbial ntrogen transformations in short-rotation forests
Vascular flora of Inari Lapland: 4, Betulaceae
Management and utilization of broadleaved tree species in Nordic and Baltic countries : birch, aspen and alder : proceedings of the workshop held in Vantaa, Finland, May 16 to 18, 2001
Biomass production and nutrient uptake of short-rotation plantations
Phytophthora disease of alder in Europe
We studied biomass production of two naturally originated grey alder (Alnus incana (L.) Moench) stands having a mixture of birch and willow located in central Finland. One of the stands was growing on a peatland site (Muhos) and the other on a mineral soil site (Juuka). The stands were clear-cut and fertilization experiments were laid out with several treatments. At Muhos, the treatments included nitrogen fertilisation with different amounts of wood ash and an unfertilized control. At Juuka, the treatments included nitrogen fertilisation either with ash or with PK, and ash and PK treatments alone and an unfertilized control. The sprouts at Muhos were grown for 17 years and at Juuka for 20 years. At Juuka the stand was clear-cut second time at the age of 20 years and grown for 8 years. The stands were measured several times and foliar samples were taken twice during the study period. Clear-cutting increased stem number manifold. The stand density of new coppiced forests after the clear-cutting decreased from 67000-89000 stems ha-1 at the age of 3-6 years to 10000-12000 stems ha-1 at the age of 17-20 years. On neither site fertilization affected biomass production of alders during the study period. Leafless above-ground biomass was 52-57 Mg ha-1 after 17-20 years. Mean annual leafless above-ground biomass production (MAI) increased with increase of rotation time. At the age of 17-20 years the MAI was 2.8-3.0 Mg ha a-1. At Muhos, ash increased foliar P and Ca concentrations, but decreased those of Mn.
Grey alder (Aldus incana) as a raw material for mechanical wood processing in Finland
Biomass production of coppiced grey alder and the effect of fertilization
Nutrient allocation, accumulation and above-ground biomass in grey alder and hybrid alder plantations
Spatio-temporal properties of tree-species belts during primary succession on rising Gulf of Bothnia coastlines
Heating values of mature trees
Silvics of European alder
The above-ground biomass and production of alders (Alnus incana (L.) Moench, Alnus glutinosa, (L.) Gaertn. Alnus hybrida A. Br.) on abandoned agricultural lands in Estonia
Grey alder (Alnus incana) as a raw material for mechanical wood processing in Finland
Management and utilization of broadleaved tree species in Nordic and Baltic countries : birch, aspen and alder : proceedings of the Workshop held in Vantaa, Finland, May 16 to 18, 2001
Summary.
Seasonal nutrient variation in the foliage of Alnus incana (L.) Moench and associated trees
Nitrogen fixation and biomass production in some alder clones : a greenhouse experiment
