http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12852 generalised anxiety disorder
generalised anxiety disorder
Handbook of psychotherapy integration
Cognitive vulnerability to emotional disorders
Abnormal child psychology
Fears, anxieties and cognitive-behavioral treatment of specific phobias in youth
Oxford textbook of psychotherapy
New research on the psychology of fear
Panic disorders : new research
New developments in anxiety disorder research
What works for whom? : a critical review of psychotherapy research
Characteristics of emotional and behavioral disorders of children and youth
Generalized anxiety disorder and health care utilization
Generalized anxiety disorder (GAD) is a mental health problem, which is characterized by excessive anxiety and worry, problems that are difficult to control. In the general population, the 12-month prevalence of GAD is 2-3%, with the lifetime prevalence being about 5%. However, GAD is more prevalent among primary care utilizers i.e. approximately 5-8% of them suffer from this disorder. Earlier studies have revealed GAD to be associated with a high utilization of health care resources.There were four goals of the present study; i) to investigate the prevalence of GAD among Finnish health care high utilizers, ii) to examine the association between GAD and utilization of different health care services at the population level, iii) to determine whether there would be any association between frequent utilization of health care services, GAD and somatic symptoms and iv) to compare the costs associated with GAD in secondary care in Finland with those attributable to major depressive disorder (MDD). In addition, the Finnish translation of the 7-item GAD scale (GAD-7) was validated.In a sample (n=150) of health care high utilizers in northern Finland, the prevalence of GAD was found to be 4%; GAD-7 was a valid instrument for detecting GAD in these subjects.In Northern Finland 1966 Birth Cohort, there was a significant association between GAD and health care utilization. Those subjects who screened positive for GAD with GAD-7 made 112% more total health care visits than other individuals. The results were statistically significant when controlled for potential confounders. Both GAD symptoms and physical symptoms were risk factors for frequent attendance of health care services, and the individuals who tested positive for GAD exhibited a higher rate of physical symptoms.Secondary care costs of all patients with a new diagnosis of GAD or MDD were calculated 2 years before and after the diagnosis date using the information from the Finnish Hospital Discharge Registers and National Hospital Benchmarking Database. Patients with a history of earlier depression or anxiety disorder had markedly higher costs compared with patients without psychiatric comorbidities. The highest mean individual costs (€19,538) during the 4-year follow-up were observed among patients with new onset of GAD but with a history of other anxiety disorders or MDD.
Clinical handbook of anxiety disorders in children and adolescents
Conditions in occupational therapy : effect on occupational performance
Coping with an anxious or depressed child : a guide for parents and carers
Clinical topics in psychotherapy
Clinical topics in addiction
The anxious brain : the neurobiological basis of anxiety disorders and how to effectively treat them
Treatment plans and interventions for depression and anxiety disorders
Children's anxiety : a contextual approach
