http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12893 professional image
professional image
Collective curating / chief editor Viktor Misiano
I'll never write my memoirs
Becoming a midwife
Abstract.
Issues and trends in nursing
A practical guide for translators
Widening identities, developing competences : a pilot program for general pedagogical competence of HE teachers
Journal of vocational behavior
Cultures of the curatorial : timing : on the temporal dimension of exhibiting
Architecture 101 : a guide to the design studio
Results-driven teaching : teach so well that every student learns
Teacher skills and strategies
"First year teacher" eight years later : an inquiry into teacher development
That's funny, you don't look like a teacher! : interrogating images and indentity in popular culture
The notion of the painter-architect in Italy and the Southern Low Countries
Hegemony, contradiction, and gender in the context of finnish university physics
Translation as a profession
Global issues in 21st century research librarianship : Nordinfos 25th anniversary publication
Effects of the digital subtitling software on the subtitling process : a survey among Finnish professional television subtitlers
Energy equals masses in movement : an exploration of designed social situations
The teacher's work is to be an educator all the time
The architect in the building process : pragmatic reflection, concrete experience
Turun piirustuskoulu NYT 2016! = the Turku School of Fine Arts, NOW 2016!
Steven Seagal : lawman. Season one. Disc 2
Creating the future : essays on librarianship in an age of great change
The needs of counsellors and psychotherapists
Professional practice in design consultancy : a Design Business Association Guide
I'm good at geography : what job can I get?
Revising and editing for translators
Practising photographic art online
The craftsman / Richard sennett
Functional images of the religious educator
The roles of reference librarians : today and tomorrow
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Geisha : a living tradition
An overview of the changing role of the systems librarian : systemic shifts
Law profile of Finland
Social treatment : an introduction to interpersonal helping in social work practice
La traduction : des idées nouvelles pour un siècle nouveau : actes du XVIe Congrès de la FIT, Vancouver, C.-B., Canada, 7-10 août 2002 = Translation : new ideas for a new century : proceedings of the XVI FIT World Congress, Vancouver, B.C., Canada, 7-10 August, 2002.
The sex of architecture
The teacher as expert : a theoretical and historical examination
Architectural reflections : studies in the philosophy and practice of architecture
Margaret Atwood and the labour of literary celebrity
Teacher thinking twenty years on : revisiting persisting problems and advances in education
Country lawyers : the impact of context on professional practice
Master of none : designer of all trades
Information for a new age : redefining the librarian : a LIRT 15th anniversary publication
Teachers' work : individuals, colleagues, and contexts
Educational videos on sustainable development
Tappan's handbook of massage therapy : blending art with science
The new academic librarian : essays on changing roles and responsibilities
Handbook of education, training, and supervision of school psychologists in school and community. Volume 2, bridging the training and practice gap : building collaborative university/field practices
Architecture : the story of practice
Redefining industrial design : changes in the design practice in Finland
Steven Seagal : lawman. Season one. Disc 1
The ideal teacher image in a selection of American autobiographical stories
Moving mosaic : exploring collegial collaboration as a way of indentifying and transforming the culture of dance teaching
The role of the adult in early years settings
The photographers
The trainee handbook : a guide for counselling and psychotherapy trainees
Occupational therapy and mental health
Conscience of glass : makers of artistic and artisanal glass in Finland : realities, vocation and relation with the industrial past
The public accounting profession : problems and prospects
The role of the designer facilitator : a field based design approach towards facilitating a collaborative technology for a health care project
Excellence in action : from beginner to expert
Never sleep : graduating to graphic design
Teachers and teaching
MJ - Manifesta Journal : journal of contemporary curatorship : 4-6 / [editors: Viktor Misiano, Igor Zabel]
Cultural manager 2020 : visions of future
Into the future : the foundations of library and information services in the post-industrial era
Stories for nurses : acts of caring
Tales from the new shop floor : inside the real jobs of the information economy
The world between us - contemporary museums as public spaces : case study : EMMA
What's worth fighting for in your school? : working together for improvement
Occupying architecture : between the architect and the user
Professionalism and job satisfaction among nurses in selected public hospitals in Benin City- Nigeria
Call to social work : life stories
Assessing liaison librarians : documenting impact for positive change
Police detectives in history, 1750-1950
A broadening conversation : classic readings in theological librarianship
Experiencing dance : from student to dance artist
The newly qualified teacher's handbook
Strategies and flexibility in Finnish commercial fisheries
Achieving early years professional status
The art of teaching music
Shifting to "big picture" design? : discursive explorations of emerging conceptions of design orientated towards social complexity
Working in the virtual stacks : the new library and information science
Why we teach
Translation as an industrial process
San Francisco Scavengers : dirty work and the pride of ownership
Teachers' life-cycle from initial teacher education to experienced professional : ATEE 2011 annual conference proceedings
Working Community and Teachers' Professional Identity in Dialogue
Professional development in school
Your first year of teaching and beyond
Therapists' professional and personal characteristics as predictors of outcome in short- and long-term psychotherapy
Summary: A career description of locomotive crewmen from ca. 1920 to 1960.
Exactly who and what is a photographic artist? : experimenting with emic criteria in a "status-of-an-artist study"
Unfaithful angels : how social work has abandoned its mission
5 - the dish
An academy of psychotherapists : a portrait of a professional culture
The future information professional : proceedings from the Aslib conference, 28-29 May 1996.
Men's work : gender, class, and the professionalization of poetry, 1660-1784
Schoolteachers and schooling : ethoses in conflict
Cultures of the curatorial / Beatrice von Bismarck, Jörn Schafaff, Thomas Weski (eds.)
So you want to be an interpreter? : an introduction to sign language interpreting
Reconstructing architecture for the twenty-first century : an inquiry into the architect's world
The status, reputation and image of the library and information profession : proceedings of the IFLA pre-session seminar, Delhi, 24-28 August 1992
Practical guide for translators
Habitus and care : investigating welfare service workers' agency
Chicago lawyers : the social structure of the bar
Pathological process in library systems
The handbook of model job descriptions
Architect as intermediary : towards open source practice
Marketing the information profession to the information society
Ethics / chief editor Viktor Misiano
The conditions of service of teachers in the European Community : report on a study carried out for the Commission of the European Communities and the Netherlands Ministry of Education and Science
Educational dilemmas : debate and diversity. Volume 1, Teachers, teacher education and training
Shrink rap : three psychiatrists explain their work
Modern library technology and reference services
Traduction et conscience sociale autour de la pensée de Daniel Simeoni = Translation as social conscience around rhe work of Daniel Simeoni
An introduction to the profession of social  work : becoming a change agent
The culture of curating and the curating of culture(s) / Paul O'Neill
The Bulgarian Roma in Helsinki : the diverse sub-groups amongst Bulgarian Roma and their reasons for being in Helsinki : a documentary film
Architecture : an introduction
How to grow as a musician : what all musicians must know to succeed
"The new essays on today's academic librarians examine above all their functions and responsibilities. From digital resources and special collections, to web development and new outreach initiatives, the topics covered by the essays in this book will reassure new librarians and stimulate prospective librarians as they realize the enhanced and varied positions that are available"--
Students from the college of education and their images and metaphors in the beginning of teacher education
Uncovering treasures : approaching sustainability through renovation in interior design
What teaching does to teachers : the teacher as worker
The role of object in service design
From Irving to Olivier : a social history of the acting profession in England 1880-1983
Focusing on time instead of the typically predominant category of space, this publication—the second volume in the Cultures of the Curatorial series—takes up the key aesthetic, social, political, and economic issues of the early twenty-first century running through the field and framed by the axes of exhibiting and the temporal.--
Architects and their practices : a changing profession
Professional profiles : a longitudinal analysis of three traditional female professions
Turun piirustuskoulu NYT 2015! = the Turku School of Fine Arts, NOW 2015!
A new role for fashion designers in the apparel industry : a facilitatior
Status and image of the librarian : report of a sample survey carried out in twelve countries
Emerging as a teacher
Early professional development for teachers
Professionalization and activism in social work : the sixties, the eighties, and the future
Setting Quality Standards : Efsli Conference, 14-16 September 2007 : Conference Proceedings
Occupational prestige : a study of one's own occupational prestige in a textile enterprise
An examination of role theory : the case of the state police
The translator's handbook
The occupational profile of Finnish teachers of religious education
I'm good at history : what job can I get?
The result of this thesis produces visual materials in this aspect to guide students and staff members on how to act eco-friendly. On the technical side, it contributes theoretical concepts and practical examples on shooting a short movie from pre-production to post-production. To complete this paper, knowledge on environment conservation and video making techniques are developed. The information is gathered from the section of sustainable development from OUAS’ website and intranet. On video-making techniques, books and practical experiences through implementation are the main resources. The process of making short movies is carried out from March until the end of May 2014, with the use of movie editing software such as Adobe Premier Pro and Adobe After Effects. Cameras and necessary equipment are supported by OUAS laboratory. Edited parts have been temporarily stored in OUAS’ hard drive until the full movies are completed. After the movies are done, a link will be added to OUAS intranet, section of sustainable development, so that everybody can access them easily. Also, they are available from the author’s Youtube channel. The final videos are not only used in Green Thinking course, but in other classes as well, for example in Video lectures.
Regardless of cultural or national specialities, the implications of higher education teaching are  a very special task. University organization is not just an ordinary learning environment. It is also  a research oriented scientific community, being responsible for global knowledge development and  education of high quality professionals, including teachers.  Training higher education teachers pedagogically will lead them to do a better job than untrained ones  might do. Pedagogical competence will add to a teacher's self-reliance. Since teaching is certainly one of  the most complex duties, the work community is expected to foster the developers of the field. How is a  teacher's self-constructed? Authentic collaboration and sharing experiences in teacher communities  would promote personal professional growth.  The affective domains and identity development of professionals should be nurtured. The social learning  theory offers a good framework. It is important to make models of practical implementations based on  theory.
The reflective roles of the classroom teacher
Alienation in the white cube : an educational perspective on curating
Becoming and being a language teacher : evolving cognitions in the transition from student to teacher
The independent video producer : establishing a profitable video business
Therapist's dilemmas
The occupational image of the Facility Manager in an international comparison
The essential social worker : an introduction to professional practice in the 1990s
Teachers : the culture and politics of work
Reinventing ourselves as teachers : beyond nostalgia
Everything you always wanted to know about curating but were afraid to ask / Hans Ulrich Obrist ; foreword by Tino Sehgal ; afterword by Yona Friedman
Fashion design course : [principles, practice, and techniques: the practical guide for aspiring fashion designers]
Carry on, teachers! : representations of the teaching profession in screen culture
Professional nursing concepts : competencies for quality leadership
Summer of love : the making of Sgt. Pepper
The conservator-restorer's professional activity and status and its responsibility towards the cultural heritage : preprints, congress Florence, Palazzo degli Affari 29-31 may 1997
Is teaching also a moral craft for secondary school teachers? : cognitive and emotional processes of student teachers in professional development during teacher education
Changes in teacher profession in Finland during the war years 1939-1945
European management assistants : Work, challenges and the future
The professional development of the librarian and information worker
Animator perspective to animation in advertising
Fashion openness : applying an open source philosophy to the paradigm of fashion
Your future in translating and interpreting
