http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1288 magicians
magicians
The magician of 1919 ; Christmas Eve : two stories
Rose and the lost princess
Lily
The magician's lie : a novel
A taste of honey
Silent magic : biographies of deaf magicians in the United States from the 19th to 21st centuries
Transported to another dimension by the Books of Magic, Tim Hunter and Zatanna awake in a world where magic once ruled in peace until mad scientists banned magic and forced all of the magical creatures underground in exile. Tim soon finds out that his ancestors are tied to this world and that only he, through the Books of Magic, can free the "Wild World." Unsure of what transpired when Tim and Zatanna disappeared, the remaining members of JLD, with the help of Tim Hunter's father, manage to transport themselves to the "Wild World" and soon find that the rules of magic here are very different and very deadly.
Justice League Dark. Volume 1, In the dark
Constantine. Volume 1 : the spark and the flame
Babar the Magician
Reasons to be cheerful
Houdini!!! : the career of Ehrich Weiss
A visit to London for Thomas the Tank Engine
Rake at the gates of Hell
The prestige
The Magical Peppers and the great vanishing act
The Tommy Cooper joke book
You don't have to be evil to work here, but it helps
The silent assassin
Lily and the prisoner of magic
The steps up the chimney : being the first book of the Magician's house
THE ILLUSTRATED HISTORY OF MAGIC
Epic spell wars of the battle wizards : Duel at Mt. Skullzfyre
Tiberius and the magician : a longer Tiberius tale
Justice League Dark. Volume 2, The books of magic
Trade of the tricks : inside the magician's craft
Death and the magician : the mystery of Houdini
Death and cigarettes
Mr. Mystery
Justice League Dark. . Volume 6, Lost in forever
Thomas and the magic show
The Blackstone book of magic and illusion
The magician's assistant
Hocus pocus : a tale of magnificent magicians and their amazing feats
As three children spend their vacation at their uncle's farmhouse in Wales, they discover powerful forces of magic and are drawn into exciting adventures--along with important roles to play in the eternal battle of good and evil / WorldCat.
Rose and the magician's mask
Stars of fortune
Sleights of mind : what the neuroscience of magic reveals about our everyday deceptions
Houdini!!! : the career of Ehrich Weiss : American self-liberator, Europe's eclipsing sensation, world's handcuff king & prison breaker - nothing on earth can hold HOUDINI a prisoner!!!
The three little magicians
When we first meet Bobby, he is a shy, twelve-year-old magician who falls in love with his best friend. William is consumed with self-hate and drinks to escape the memories of his father's sadness and his mother's death. Myles is writing letters to a mother he has never met. Three different people from three different times each explore the dark side of relationships, search for beauty in sadness and try to bear the burden of guilt from living in a world we are powerless to fix.
Melric the magician who lost his magic
The fallout from the Justice League Dark's battles with Blight and the Trinity of Sin, during the DC crossover event 'Forever Evil', has left the team in tatters. Zatanna assumes leadership of the team and prepares to rebuild. With team members angry and confused by John Constantine's methods during the fight with Blight and the Trinity of Sin, how will John Constantine fit into this new team, if at all?
Houdini : art and magic
The misadventures of Salem Hyde. 3 : Cookie catastrophe
The Justice League Dark team is called into action by Wonder Woman in hopes of finding Pandora's Box, which may hold the only answers to save an ailing Superman. Not about to let the Seven Deadly Sins escape from Pandora's Box, The Phantom Stranger pleads with the remaining members of the Justice League to stop Wonder Woman before she accidentally puts an end to the world as they know it.
The perfect pizza
Constantine. Volume 2, Blight
How to forget
The books of magic. Book 4 : Transformations
The slow regard of silent things
Trickerion - Legends of Illusion is a competitive strategy game set in a fictional city inspired by the late 19th century urban life and culture. Players take on the role of rival stage illusionist, striving to become the citýs most celebrated Magician. There is much more at stake than prestige alone. By becoming the audiencés favorite, the best Magician wins the contest for the mighty Trickerion Stone, a mysterious relic that grants supernatural powers to its owner, making him a true Legend of Illusion. Starting out with just a simple trick and handful of helpers, you will embark on a journey to become the greatest illusionist alive.
The manual of darkness
Justice League Dark. Volume 4, The rebirth of evil
Phantom Pains
Smash up : The shufflebuilding game of total awesomeness
The sorcerer of the wildeeps
Dr. Simon J. Carmel, Secretary-General of the Society of World Deaf Magicians, has researched and written a wonderful book on this unique community of magicians. While Okito, Pierre Brahma and Miaco are well known to most historians of magic as having been deaf, this volume has profiles of them and more than 50 other deaf American magicians from the 19th to the 21st century. Fascinating information on an underexplored topic!.
Strange feats & clever turns : remarkable speciality acts in variety, vaudeville and sideshows at the turn of the 20th century as seen by their contemporaries
Ashes : Rise of the phoenixborn
The children's crusade
The door in the tree : being the second book of the Magician's house
The Pinhoe egg
Stations of the cross
The blood-and-thunder adventure on Hurricane Peak
Jonathan Strange & Mr Norrell
Black flowers
The invitation
The dark flight down
Justice League Dark. Volume 5, Paradise lost
Vampires across the world have gone berserk, attacking anything with a pulse. Fearing her apocalyptic vision of the future has come to pass, Madame Xanadu mobilizes the team to intervene. But everything the Justice League Dark members know about how to slay a vampire is useless, for the world has changed.
William, Mary and Alice Constant have come to spend Christmas with their uncle. They discover that things in this old house are not quite what they seem. There are powerful forces at work, calling to the children from across the centuries; forces that pull them up the hidden steps in the chimney to the secret room where the magician lives / WorldCat.
Mariah Mundi and the ghost diamonds
Mariah Mundi : the Midas box
Justice League Dark. Volume 3, The death of magic
The Prestige
Gravel. Volume two: The major seven
Olivia the magnificent : a lift-the-flap story
Constantine. Volume 3 : The voice in the fire
Story Of Thomas The Tank Engine
His dream of the skyland
Homemade magick : the musings & mischief of a do-it-yourself magus
The bullet trick
Time is broken - and so is the Justice League Dark! The team may have welcomed Andrew Bennett, Frankenstein, and others back into the fold, but the reunion will be short-lived when the JLD finds itself scattered across the timestream. They're lost in an apocalyptic wasteland at the end of time. An incomprehensible dimension beyond all existence, the JLD finds itself at the dawn of a dark civilization lost to recorded history - the place where magic was first harnessed.
"To celebrate the rise of their new queen, three goddesses of the moon created three stars, one of fire, one of ice, one of water. But then they fell from the sky, putting the fate of all worlds in danger. And now three women and three men join forces to pick up the pieces... Sasha Riggs is a reclusive artist, haunted by dreams and nightmares that she turns into extraordinary paintings. Her visions lead her to the Greek island of Corfu, where five others have been lured to seek the fire star. Sasha recognizes them, because she has drawn them: a loner. All on a quest. All with secrets. Sasha is the one who holds them together the seer. And in the magician, Bran Killian, she sees a man of immense power and compassion. As Sasha struggles with her rare ability, Bran is there to support her, challenge her, and believe in her. But Sasha and Bran are just two of the six. And they all must work together as a team to find the fire star in a cradle of land beneath the sea. Over their every attempt at trust, unity, and love, a dark threat looms. And it seeks to corrupt everything that stands in its way of possessing the stars."Provided by publisher.
Houdini on magic
Fooling Houdini : adventures in the world of magic
Mark Wilson's complete course in magic
When we were alive
Red sepulchre
The book of dead days
Witches and wizards
Trickerion : Legends of Illusion
Houdini : the handcuff king
Lily and the shining dragons
Madison the magic show fairy
Rose and the silver ghost
Oz : the wonderful wizard of Oz
The books of magic. Book 7 : Death after death / John Ney Rieber, writer ; Peter Gross ... [et al.], artists
The magic rabbit
Gravel. Volume three: The last king of England
THE ENCYCLOPEDIA OF MAGIC MAGICIANS
Jar of fools : a picture story
Gravel. Volume one: Bloody liars
An out-of-control sorceress is creating havoc across the Earth, and not even the likes of Superman and Wonder Woman have been able to stop her. Clairvoyant Madame Xanadu has foreseen that the only means to save the planet is to assemble a group of the world's most powerful and bizarre magical heroes...
Conrad's fate : a chrestomanci book
The tunnel behind the waterfall
The disappearance boy
The cat and the wizard
Bloody carnations
The magician's boy
