http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12864 Finland Swedish
Finland Swedish Swedish spoken in Finland
Language and human relations : styles of address in contemporary language
Suomen kirjallisuus : vuosiluettelo = Finlands litteratur : årskatalog = The Finnish national bibliography : annual volume. 1977
Standard languages and language standards in a changing Europe
Uplift as a method of dating the names of natural places
Forenames in Swedish-speaking Finland today
English summary.
Kosketan runoa : ten pieces of poetry in four languages
Perspectives on language and communication in multilingual education
Scheherazades sanna historier : noveller
Yhteenveto. - Abstract.
Spatial uses of the prepositions at, in and on in L1-Finnish and L1-Swedish learner language and the effect of transfer on these uses
Social capital and health : variations, associations and challenges
Word-initial consonant clusters in informal Finnish and Finland Swedish : hypercorrections or phonaesthemes?
Finland- Swedish directionality in Conceptual Semantics and in Construction Grammar : a methological dialogue
Address practice as social action : European perspectives
Finnish onomastics = Namenkunde in Finnland
Swedish in Finland in the 20th century
Language, minority, migration
The changing system of grammatical gender in the Swedish dialects of Nyland, Finland
One fear, one vision
Jungfruskär : en diktsvit = runosarja = a suite of poems
Initial causal negation - a Nordic areal feature
Minority languages : the Scandinavian experience : papers read at the conference in Edinburgh 9-11 November 1990
Black sails : poems from the Swedish
Suomen kirjallisuus : Vuosiluettelo = Finlands litteratur = The finnish national bibliography. 1989
Northern Europe : Languages as prime markers of ethnic and national identity
Swedish syntax at late stages of language acquisition : normal monolingual, bilingual, and SLI speakers
Ice around our lips : Finland-Swedish poetry
Girl's slang and boys' slang : two towns in Finland visited
Moomin, Mymble and little My
Selected poems
The bilingual screen : ethnolinguistic identity and television viewing among three language minorities
Language, culture and identity = Sprache, Kultur und Identität
Language learning and cross-border cooperation, 8.-12.9.1999, Lappeenranta, Finland : Finnish EU presidency conference : conference report
Synthesis of certain speech sounds and sentence intonation of Hungarian, Finnish, and Finland-Swedish
The prince from the sea : a novel
The language situation in Finland
Investigating attitudes to ̕ordinary spoken language̕ : reliability and subjective understandings
The Queen Dowager's life regiment in Finland 1772-1808
Icelandic nicknames
Essays on labour market outcomes in the bilingual area of Finland
I studied once at a wonderful faculty
"How we address one another - whether we use first names, or titles and surnames, for example - says a great deal about who we are, our social relationships and which groups in society we belong to. This edited volume examines address choices in a range of everyday interactions - from radio interviews and service encounters to commercials and internet forums - taking place in Dutch, Finnish, Flemish, French, German, Italian and the two national varieties of Swedish, Finland Swedish and Sweden Swedish. By comparing local, national and cross-border address practices, this volume uncovers both commonalities and differences in the way social meaning is expressed and shaped through address. The chapters also highlight the importance of investigating the daily encounters that make up the social fabric of our lives. This book will be of great interest to researchers of intercultural and cross-cultural communication, interactional sociolinguistics, discourse analysis, conversation analysis and pragmatics"--
The Princess
Språksituationen bland eleverna i de svenskspråkiga grundskolorna = Ruotsinkielisten peruskoulujen oppilaiden kieliolot = The language situation of pupils in the Swedish-speaking comprehensive schools
Bilingual place names in Finland
Language shifts and migration : the Finnish longitudinal census data file as an aid to social research
Swedish as a national language in Finland
Suomen kielikartta = Språkkarta över Finland = Suoma giellakárta = Linguistic map of Finland = Carte linguistique de la Finlande
Forenames and languages : the trend in names in Kokkola from the 17th century to the 1930s
Söin kaikki Venäjän värit = I ate all the colours of Russia = J'ai mangé toutes les couleurs de la Russie
The great harbour book. IV, The Northern Baltic Sea with Estonia = Der grosse Hafenbuchen. IV, Die nördliche Ostsee mit Estland
English summary: The analysis and measurement of interference errors.
The translation of cultural items in Monika Fagerholm's Den amerikanska flickan
To pieces : (on the developing of Velox paper)
Geographical Extraction and the Finnish-Swedish Health Differential in Finland
Equity and excellence : evidence for policy formulation to reduce the difference in PISA performance between Swedish speaking and Finnish speaking students in Finland
J. L. Runeberg's lyrical songs, idylls and epigrams
From language battle to language planning - the Finnish Language Bureau
Oral proficiency in English : a case study of ninth graders in Haparanda
The Swedish-Speaking Finns
Bilingualism in Finland
Synchronic variation in the gender system during dialect levelling
"Har du visor, min vän?" : the Finnish-Swedish songs
The poet who created herself : the complete letters of Edith Södergran to Hagar Olsson with Hagar Olsson's commentary and the complete letters of Edith Södergran to Elmer Diktonius
Younger names of old rivers
Language and nationalism in Europe
Lang : [a novel of suspense]
The influence of crosslinguistic, semantic, and input factors on the acquisition of English phrasal verbs : a comparison between Finnish and Swedish learners at an intermediate and advanced level
Language as a tool : immersion research and practices
Suomen kirjallisuus 1989 : vuosiluettelo a-o = Finlands litteratur 1989 : årskatalog a-o = The Finnish national bibliography 1989 : annual volume a-o
The collected scientific papers of Paul A. Samuelson. 3
Names of mansion blocks in Helsinki
Previous research concerned with the Finnish-Swedish mortality differential in Finland tends to have overlooked the fact that many Finnish speakers who live in the same coastal area as the Swedish speakers originate from parts of the country with high death rates. Using an extract from Statistics Finlands longitudinal employment statistics ? le, we ? nd that geographical extraction is an important factor underlying variation in both mortality and disability retirement in working-aged people. Finnish speakers born in eastern and northern Finland have substantially poorer health than those originating from western Finland. It is consequently not suf? cient to restrict analyses only by present region of residence. Still, there remains a between-group health differential also in people born in the coastal area, which suggests that health behaviors and risk factors could be relevant.  .
