http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12801 block heating
block heating
Determination of heating energy saving potential in residential sector in Russia, while emplementing Finnish technological solutions
Development Possibilities in Municipal Energy Sector in Russia
Economy and optimization of the nuclear district heat power systems. Part 1, The tools used and the results obtained in the study of the nuclear district heat power system
Groundwater as an energy resource in Finland
Guidelines for setting up district heating business with biomass : exchange of experiences between municipalities for district heating with biomass : cases from Portugal and Greece
Improvement of energy efficiency and municipal energy systems in Russia has been a goal for a number of different development projects. Most of the projects have been aimed to achieve better energy efficiency with some technical improvements. But the energy efficiency and quality of energy services has improved very little if at all. It is essential to understand the importance of the whole energy system and system level planning. Most of the energy losses and lowered efficiency as well as poor quality have been caused in system level. It is impossible to achieve the good results with increased quality of some independent equipment. This is because most of the losses and inefficiency is caused on system level planning errors and poor quality systems.     The overall efficiency in municipal energy systems is very high in Finland. District heating is an important part of the municipal or regional energy system. Almost 50 % of space heating in Finland is made by district heating. The share of combined heat and power production increased already during 1970s and 1980s when district heating in largest cities in Finland was growing very fast. Suitable amount of heat load is an essential requirement for combined heat and power production. In Finland about 75 % of district heat is produced in combined heat and power production plants for several years. Combined heat and power production also helps to decrease CO2 emissions in energy sector.     Having high quality norms and recommendations as well as high quality components does not guarantee high quality, reliability and a long lasting system. First, there is a need for a new design philosophy and for the optimisation of heat production. After that, there is a huge need for quality control systems in the Russian district heating. Particularly in the district heating network, this kind of system is needed. There will be a need for a quality management system in the norm or in other higher levels. Some parts of the quality system can be organized by the manufacturers or the district heating company's own quality management system. In some parts, there will be a need for independent quality inspections to be made by authorized organizations to give official and   independent status.
The customer of this project is Planora Ltd, which is primarily an energy planning company with knowledge and experience in the entire energy field, including industrial planning, project management and consulting activities. The aim of this thesis is to compare programs for designing district heating networks, GIS Zulu and Termis. The particular aim is to perform the hydraulic calculations of Prääsä district heating network in GIS Zulu and Termis and then to compare the results and process of calculations. The research is carried out with taking into account the requirements for designing district heating networks and software used in the territory of Russia. The comparative analysis presents the features and possibilities of GIS Zulu and Termis. This thesis introduces the GIS Zulu program to Planora Ltd in comparison with Termis currently used in the customer company. Also, the thesis might be used by companies that want to use their programs in the Russian market, as the thesis contains the requirements for software.
Energy-efficient renovation of residential districts : cases from the Russian market
A model for optimal design of district heating networks
Economy and optimization of the nuclear district heat power systems. Part 2, Investigation of the effect of selected parameters and solutions on the economy of NHPP system
Development possibilities in municipal energy sector in Russia
Decision-making process of internationalization : Canadian water heater markets
Comparison of programs for designing district heating networks : comparative analysis of GIS Zulu and Termis
Coming in from the cold : improving district heating policy in transition economies
