http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12840 alder
alder
Mad about minibeasts!
Body mass and wing length of nestling redstarts Phoenicurus phoenicurus in a harsh northern environment
Geology of the Kotalahti Ni-Cu deposit
Deposit modeling of a nickel belt in Finland
Geology of the Kotalahti nickel-copper ore
Climate change adaptation : potential contributions of red alder in coastal British Columbia
Liberation of nitrogen from alder leaf litter
Isolation, characterization and evaluation of Frankia strains from Alnus incana and Alnus glutinosa
Beetle is shy
Why don't worms have legs? : helping to explain nature
Ladybug girl : and the bug squad
Accurary and functionality of hand held wood moisture content meters
Short rotation forestry for energy single stem plantations : contractor report
Silvics of European alder
Seeds of forest broadleaves from harvest to sowing
Geology of the Kotalahti Ni-Cu ore
Management and utilization of broadleaved tree species in Nordic and Baltic countries : birch, aspen and alder : proceedings of the Workshop held in Vantaa, Finland, May 16 to 18, 2001
Management and utilization of broadleaved tree species in Nordic and Baltic countries : birch, aspen and alder : proceedings of the workshop held in Vantaa, Finland, May 16 to 18, 2001
Phytophthora disease of alder in Europe
The challenge of Finnish wood
Forest tree breeding in Estonia
Bug detective : amazing facts, myths and quirks of nature
Population trends in the Redstart, Phoenicurus phoenicurus, in northern Fennoscandia
Grey alder (Aldus incana) as a raw material for mechanical wood processing in Finland
Application of petrophysics to sulfide ore prospecting in Finland
What the ladybird heard next
Geotechnical properties and environmental effects of tailings dams and areas at three Finnish mines
Element methods in planning of mine openings in highly stressed Precambrian bedrock
We studied biomass production of two naturally originated grey alder (Alnus incana (L.) Moench) stands having a mixture of birch and willow located in central Finland. One of the stands was growing on a peatland site (Muhos) and the other on a mineral soil site (Juuka). The stands were clear-cut and fertilization experiments were laid out with several treatments. At Muhos, the treatments included nitrogen fertilisation with different amounts of wood ash and an unfertilized control. At Juuka, the treatments included nitrogen fertilisation either with ash or with PK, and ash and PK treatments alone and an unfertilized control. The sprouts at Muhos were grown for 17 years and at Juuka for 20 years. At Juuka the stand was clear-cut second time at the age of 20 years and grown for 8 years. The stands were measured several times and foliar samples were taken twice during the study period. Clear-cutting increased stem number manifold. The stand density of new coppiced forests after the clear-cutting decreased from 67000-89000 stems ha-1 at the age of 3-6 years to 10000-12000 stems ha-1 at the age of 17-20 years. On neither site fertilization affected biomass production of alders during the study period. Leafless above-ground biomass was 52-57 Mg ha-1 after 17-20 years. Mean annual leafless above-ground biomass production (MAI) increased with increase of rotation time. At the age of 17-20 years the MAI was 2.8-3.0 Mg ha a-1. At Muhos, ash increased foliar P and Ca concentrations, but decreased those of Mn.
Topographical, structural and geophysical characterization of fracture zones : implications for groundwater flow and vulnerability
Biology of alder : proceedings od a symposium held at Northwest Scientific Association fortieth annual meeting Pullmann, Washington April 14-15, 1967
Brood parasitism in birds : coevolutionary adaptations in two cuckoo-host systems
THE ZOO IN THE GARDEN
Lignicolous and corticolous fungi in alder vegetation in central Norway : with special reference to Aphyllophorales (Basidiomycetes)
Magnetic 3-component borehole measurements in Finland
Conceptual and analytical modelling of fracture zone aquifers in hard rock - Implications of pumping tests in the Pohjukansalo well field. eastern-central Finland
Insects of Iran : the list of Coleoptera in the insect collection of Plant Pests & Diseases Research Institute. 24, Coleoptera: Cucujoidea: Fam. (120): Coccinellidae
Grey alder (Alnus incana) as a raw material for mechanical wood processing in Finland
Summary.
Nitrogen fixation in agriculture, forestry, ecology, and the environment
Service Innovation and Design : results from co-creation
Sulfur isotopes in Finnish nickel-copper occurrences
Red alder : a state of knowledge
Scalar audiomagnetotellurics applied to base-metal exploration in Finland
Monogeneans and other parasites on the gills of roach (Rutilus rutilus) in Central Finland : differences between four lakes and the nature of dactylogyrid communities
Biomass and nitrogen dynamics of intensively grown grey alder plantations on peatland
Seasonal nutrient variation in the foliage of Alnus incana (L.) Moench and associated trees
On nonlinearities in the Fennoscandian land uplift within the main sulphide ore belt
Ecology of Coccinellidae
Biomass production of coppiced grey alder and the effect of fertilization
Dead-wood-associated aphyllophoroid fungi : perspectives on the diversity, ecology and conservation biology of species and their habitats
Responses of parasitized and unparasitized common redstart (Phoenicurus phoenicurus) populations against artificial cuckoo parasitism
Gaseous nitrogen and carbon fluxes in riparian alder stands
Determination of rock mass modulus of deformation by hammer seismograph
The bad-tempered ladybird
Distribution of nickel in the Koirusvesi intrusion, Leppävirta, Central Finland
Valuable broadleaved forests in Europe
Breeding biology of the redstart Phoenicurus phoenicurus in Eastern Finnish Lapland
Influence of litter quality and fertilization on microbial ntrogen transformations in short-rotation forests
Biomass production and nutrient uptake of short-rotation plantations
Nitrogen fixation : proceedings of the 5th International symposium on nitrogen fixation with non-legumes, Florence, Italy, 10-14 September 1990
Seed moisture content during chilling and heat stress effects after chilling on the germination of common alder and downy birch seeds
The above-ground biomass and production of alders (Alnus incana (L.) Moench, Alnus glutinosa, (L.) Gaertn. Alnus hybrida A. Br.) on abandoned agricultural lands in Estonia
Ecology and management of tef epilachna (Chnootriba similis Thunberg, Coleoptera, Coccinellidae) in Ethiopia
Look out, ladybird
Nitrogen fixation and biomass production in some alder clones : a greenhouse experiment
Heating values of mature trees
Geological setting and intrusion tectonics of the Kotalahti nickel-copper deposit, Finland
Proceedings of the first IUFRO Rusts of Forest Trees Working Party Conference, 2-7 Aug, 1998, Saariselkä, Finland
