http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12999 oral health
oral health
Interface oral health science 2007
Oral health status and self-rated health in 80 year-old community dwelling people
Evaluation of novel programs in health counseling : their effectiveness in the oral health of young children, and their acceptance by parents and professionals in public dental service
Condition of teeth and periodontium in the home-dwelling elderly : with special reference to level of education
Developing assessment and promotion of tobacco counselling : a cluster-randomised community trial among oral health professionals
Depressive symptoms in relation to oral health and related factors in a middle-aged population : analytical approach
Dental health, lifestyle and cardiovascular risk factors : a study among a cohort of young adult population in northern Finland
Epidemiology of oral conditions in Skolt Lapps
Virulence properties of Aggregatibacter actinomycetemcomitans biofilm and characterisation of its putative cytokine exploitation
Improving the oral health status of older people by using clinical interventions and oral health promotion and disease prevention programs : a review study
Oral health among young adults and the middle-aged in Iran
Abstract.
Should we brush twice a day?
Probiotic activity of Lactobacillus delbrueckii subsp. bulgaricus in the oral cavity : an in vitro study
Preadolescents and their mothers as oral health-promoting actors : non-biologic determinants of oral health among Turkish and Finnish preadolescents
"Written specifically for dental hygienists, this comprehensive textbook covers concepts, issues, techniques, and methods related to dental public health. It focuses on the assessment of factors that affect oral health of populations and the development of policy in response to a population's needs. It also provides information regarding the active promotion of oral health maintenance. This text is unique in that it applies the Dental Hygiene Process of Care - a globally accepted, foundational concept in clinical care for dental hygienists - to the subject of dental public health, lending it greater relevance and familiarity to dental hygiene students. In addition, the text is based on the American Association of Dental Educators' Competencies for Dental Hygienists. A chapter on National Board Preparation, including Board-style review questions, prepares students for the national exam. Review questions and learning activities are also incorporated into each chapter."--BOOK JACKET.
Oral health among Finns aged 60 years and older : edentulousness, fixed prostheses, dental infections detected from radiographs and their associating factors
A salutogenic perspective to oral health : sense of coherence as a determinant of oral and general health behaviours, and oral health-related quality of life
Dental service utilization, dental health production and equity in dental care : the Finnish experience
Should we brush twice a day? : determinants of dental health among young adults in Finland
Clinical textbook of dental hygiene and therapy
Soft-tissue lasers in dental hygiene
Clinical practice of the dental hygienist
Impact of dental insurance on adults' oral health care in Tehran, Iran
Oral health in pregnancy
Identifying dental restorative treatment need in healthy young adults at individual and population level
Periodontal and dental health and oral self-care among adults with diabetes mellitus
Children's oral health promotion programme in the Democratic People's Republic of Korea
Schoolchildren's oral health counselling within the organisational context of public oral health care : applying and developing theoretical and empirical perspectives
Dental fear among adults in Finland
Interface oral health science : proceedings of the International Symposium for Interface Oral Health Science, held in Sendai, Japan, between 2 and 3 February 2005
Promoting children's dental health
Oral and temporomandibular joint findings in rheumatic disease
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary).
The dental hygienist's guide to nutritional care
Basic guide to oral health education and promotion
MCQs in oral medicine and oral radiology
Diabetes mellitus and oral health : an interprofessional approach
Healthy young adults' oral health and associated factors : cross-sectional epidemiological study
Use of oral health services and perceived oral health after the oral health care reform introduced during 2001-2002 : the more comprehensive public coverage of oral health care, the lower socioeconomic inequalities?
Hormone therapy in elderly women : a comparative study with alendronate of the effects on bone, cardiovascular risk factors, periodontal conditions and quality of life
Abstract. - Sammandrag.
Schools as oral health promoters : evaluation of national sweet selling recommendation and oral health education material
Oral health care of the elderly : a literature review concerning interventions and barriers
Abstract: Planning, implementation  and evaluation of updating training on oral health care of ageing persons for the nursing staff of the Suokatu block of service flats.
Oral health status as a predictor of changes in general health among elderly people
Oral health in the Finnish adult population : Health 2000 Survey
Chlorhexidine-fluoride-strontium combination in the protection of oral healh
Abstract: The dental condition of 75 red foxes (Vulpes vulpes L.) killed during the period 15. IX. 1967 - 7. IV. 1969 in N. E. Finnish Lapland are described. The teeth and their occlusion were extremely well developed...
What's in your mouth? : your guide to a lifelong smile
Mosby's dental hygiene : concepts, cases, and competencies
Dental conditions of wild red foxes (Vulpes vulpes L.) in northeastern Lapland
Oral health-related quality of life
Probiotics and oral health : in vitro and clinical studies
Diet and dental health in Northern and Southern Finland
Oral health promotion : evaluation toolkit
Oral health among Iranian preadolescents : a school-based health education intervention
Oral and temporomandibular joint findings in rheumatic diseases
Improving oral healthcare in Scotland with special reference to sustainability and caries prevention
Oral health behaviour, conditions and care among dentate elderly patients in Lithuania : preventive aspects
Community oral health practice for the dental hygienist
Changes in adolescents' oral health-related knowledge, attitudes and behavior in response to extensive health promotion
Prosthodontics and oral health-related quality of life : a survey of an adult Swedish population, including inequalities in oral health and dental care utilitation
The retention of a complete denture and the patient’s adaptation varies considerably among different individuals. Resorption of the edentulous alveolar ridge differs greatly and some patients need implant-retained overdentures to enable adequate retention of their prostheses. In some extreme cases it is necessary to increase the volume of the alveolar ridge with bone grafts. The aim of this study was to examine the outcome of implant-supported overdenture treatment conducted in Oulu University Hospital. The aim was also to assess the impact of treatment on oral health-related quality of life and patient satisfaction.The study group was comprised of patients treated with a mandibular or maxillary implant overdenture and a group of patients with extreme mandibular bone resorption treated with extraoral bone grafts and implants. The treatments were performed in 1985–2013 thus also providing long-term results.The results of this study showed predictable and successful treatment outcomes also among elderly patients and in severe situations with bone deficiency. The most frequent complication in the clinical follow-up was loosening of the retention mechanism, commonly noted in other previous studies. Despite some minor mechanical defects in prosthetic structures or mild mucosal inflammation around the implants, they did not hinder everyday use of the prostheses. Neither the number of supporting implants nor the connection type seemed to have a great impact on patient satisfaction. Older patients with a mandibular overdenture seemed to be most satisfied. In conclusion, treatment with implant overdentures seems to be successful also in the long-term.
Pain in the past : dental pathology and pain in the Parish of Ii (Northern Finland) in the 15th and 16th centuries
Targeting of caries prevention at preschool children : a practice-based study
Abstract: Oral healthcare of an expecting family and infant : guidance material for the department of dental hygiene in Nilsiä health centre.
Supportive care of children with cancer : current therapy and guidelines from the children's oncology group
Oral health-related quality of life and patient payment systems : a study of contract and fee-for-service care in a county in Sweden
Changes in adolescents’ oral health-related knowledge, attitudes and behavior in response to extensive health promotion
Oral health care : pediatric, research, epidemiology and clinical practices
Oral health in type 2 diabetic patients
Oral health among Finns aged 60 years and older:edentulousness, fixed prostheses, dental infections detected from radiographs and their associating factors
Psychological features characterizing oral health behavior, diabetes self-care and health status among IDDM patients
Vitamin D and periodontal infection
Oral health and kidney disease with emphasis on diabetic nephropathy
Concepts in dental public health
Oral health, smoking and adolescence
Dental health and school-based health education among 15-year-olds in Tehran, Iran
Promoting oral health : knowledge of periodontal disease and satisfaction with dental care
Outcome of implant-supported overdenture treatment
Clinical companion study guide for Mosby's dental hygiene : concepts, cases, and competencies
Abstract: Developing oral health care of the elderly in Tornio home nursing.
Oral health in liver transplant recipients
Laser fluorescence in detecting and monitoring the progression of occlusal dental caries lesions and for screening persons with unfavourable dietary habits
Dental health habits of Finnish adolescents
Oral health related quality of life : a comprehensive view
Pediatric dentistry : a clinical approach
Oral health and menopause
Smoking prevention in oral health care : brief intervention among adolescents
Early childhood oral health
