http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12966 glass industry
glass industry
Decorating in the glass industry
A dialogue with glass
Proceedings of the 3rd Conference of the European Society of Glass Science and Technology : fundamentals of glass science and technology, May 22-24, 1995, Würzburg
Nuutajärvi : 200 vuotta suomalaista lasia = 200 years of Finnish glass
Crackle Glass in color : depression to '70s
Suomen lasitehtaiden teollisuusarkeologinen inventointi 1681-1985 = Industrial archaeological survey of the Finnish glassworks 1681-1985
Effects of a technology change on the industry structure : the case of the flat glass industry
XV International Congress on Glass : proceedings. Vol. 1a, Structure of glasses. Glass formation. Glass transition. Rheology : technical sessions
Glass blowing : a technical manual
Glass in early America : selections from the Henry Francis du Pont Winterthur Museum
The big book of vaseline glass
International journal of applied glass science
Conscience of glass : makers of artistic and artisanal glass in Finland : realities, vocation and relation with the industrial past
Murano : l'isola dei vetrai = the glass-making island
Orrefors : a century of Swedish glassmaking
Taikabutsu overseas : quarterly English journal of the Technical Association of Refractories
GLASBOKEN : HISTORIA, TEKNIK OCH FORM
The Pendland book of glass : master classes in flamework techniques
An overview of the importance of conference networking in the glass industry : case Glass Performance Days
The handbook of glass manufacture : a book of reference for the plant executive, technologist and engineer
Venini and Europe : a success story between tradition and renewal
Glass exchange between Europe and China, 1550-1800 : diplomatic, mercantile and technological interactions
Finnish post-war glass: [1945-1996] : Produced for the exhibition F̕innish Post War Glass - [1945-1966] ̕which forms part of T̕he year of Visual Arts 1996 ̕Exhibited at the Reg Vardy Gallery June 22 - August 30 1996
How to make the network work in social media platforms : case : Glass Performance Days
XV International Congress on Glass : proceedings. Vol. 1b, Structure of glasses. Glass formation. Glass transition. Rheology : poster sessions
Pilkington Marine's shining glass service
Ceramics and glass
XVI International Congress on Glass. Vol. 1, Invited lectures
A short history of glass
Morgantown glass : from Depression glass through the 1960s
Glass in New England
British Glass : 1800-1914
Kärlek till glas : Agnes Hellners samling av Orreforsglas = A love of glass : Agnes Hellner's collection of Orrefors glass
Frederick Carder's Steuben Glass : guide to shapes, numbers, colors, finishes and values
XVI International Congress on Glass. Vol. 4, Glass properties. Glass composites
Journal of glass studies
Kokoelma = Collection. 1990.
Natural aluminous raw materials in glass melting
The big book of Fenton Glass : 1940-1970
The picture book of vaseline glass
Imperatorskij Steklânnyj zavod 1777-1917 : k 225-letiû so dnâ osnovaniâ : katalog vystavki = Imperial Glass Factory 1777-1917 : 225th Foundation Day Anniversary : catalogue of exhibition
Skål! : sirpaleita keskiajalta = Skål! : glasskärvor från medeltiden = Cheers! : fragments from the Middle Ages
Glass̕ 89 : XVth International Congress on Glass : Leningrad, 3-7 July 1989 : a survey of contemporary glass science and technology
Fostoria useful and ornamental : the crystal for America
The history of glass
Glass of the Roman world' illustrates the arrival of new cultural systems, mechanisms of trade and an expanded economic base in the early 1st millennium AD which, in combination, allowed the further development of the existing glass industry. Glass became something which encompassed more than simply a novel and highly decorative material. Glass production grew and its consumption increased until it was assimilated into all levels of society, used for display and luxury items but equally for utilitarian containers, windows and even tools. 0These 18 papers by renowned international scholars include studies of glass from Europe and the Near East. The authors write on a variety of topics where their work is at the forefront of new approaches to the subject. They both extend and consolidate aspects of our understanding of how glass was produced, traded and used throughout the Empire and the wider world drawing on chronology, typology, patterns of distribution, and other methodologies, including the incorporation of new scientific methods. Though focusing on a single material the papers are firmly based in its archaeological context in the wider economy of the Roman world, and consider glass as part of a complex material culture controlled by the expansion and contraction of the Empire. The volume is presented in honour of Jenny Price, a foremost scholar of Roman glass.
20th century British glass
Nanny Still : Finnish and European
XVI International Congress on Glass. Vol. 6, Glass technology
Nordic glass 2000 : glass without boundaries
Milk Glass : imperial glass corporation : plus opaque, slag & more
Frederick Carder and Steuben Glass : American classics
20th century glass candle holders : roaring 20's, depression era, and modern collectibles
Iittala : 125 years of Finnish glass : complete history with all designers
Glass : materials for inspirational design
Dictionary of glass : materials and techniques
Multiplied light : the Bullseye chandelier project
Mt. Washington and Pairpoint glass : encompassing the history of the Mt. Washington Glass Works and its successors, the Pairpoint Companies, Vol. 1
Kokoelma = Collection. 1995.
Approach to new glass blowing : focused on the double bubble pipe
American glass
Glass and glassmaking
Glass Performance Days : : conference proceedings
Two hundred years of Nuutajärvi glass
Rakennuslasit : lämmönläpäisevyyden määritys (u-arvo) : laskentamenetelmä = Glass in building : determination of thermal transmittance (U-value) : calculation method
An introduction to glass : craft, technology and art
Lorup : Johannes Lorupi klaasivabrik : masstoodangust disainipärliteni = Lorup : Johannes Lorup's glass factory : from mass production to treasures in design
The story of studio glass : the early years a historic documentation told by the pioneers
The Cameo glass of Thomas and George Woodall
XV International Congress on Glass : proceedings. Vol. 2b, Properties of glass. New methods of glass formation : poster session
XV International Congress on Glass : proceedings. Vol. 3a, Glass technology and application : technical sessions
The flat glass industry : the effects of float glass on the industry structure
Encyclopedia of American cut and engraved glass
Summary: Chair, a glassmaking team.
XV International Congress on Glass : proceedings. Vol. 3b, Glass technology and application : poster session
This bachelor thesis follows up the work of other theses already done for Glass Performance Days (GPD).  An overview of the importance of conference networking in the glass industry Case GPD, 2008 and Business to Business Marketing strategy on  social media, 2011. The aim of this thesis is to continue developing the strategy these two works have previously built, and study the possibilities for GPD's network through social media and their new site glassfiles.com, built as a webpage/social media communication platform for the glass industry experts. In this thesis, marketing strategies for GPD are discussed through several sources of information, literature, web materials and a survey. The objective is to define the opportunities of the new web page to help the glass industry professionals communicate and share their work on this online library. Glassfiles.com can offer much more than just documents or articles on glass, and it is the purpose of this thesis to state and define the possibilities of interaction between GPD and the web subscribers, registered members or visitors.    Business to business companies are moving towards social media, GPD has done it already by creating a Facebook page and a new site. In that sense there is the necessity of adapting the previous B-to-B structure to a more Client-to-Client platform with the business as a spectator. Defining and analyzing the tools for GPD to choose on how to influence the interaction between the professionals/experts on the glass industry will help GPD approach the client through social media.
XVI International Congress on Glass. Vol. 7, Sol-gel. Glass surface. Archaeometry. Education
A revolutionary dominant design : the float glass innovation in the flat glass industry
Lasitutkimuksia - Glass research III (1986)
Joining in the glass industry
XVI International Congress on Glass. Vol. 3, Glass structure. Optical and optoelectronic devices
Irish Glass : Waterford-Cork-Belfast in the Age of Exuberance
On the finnish and venetian glass
XVI International Congress on Glass. Vol. 2, Glass transition. Phase transformation. Non-oxid glasses
Suomalaista lasia : lasitehtaiden esitteitä 1950-luvulta = Finskt glas : glasbroschyrer från 1950-talet = Finnish glass : glass manufacturers' brochures from the 1950s
Commercialising eco-efficient nanotechnologies in the construction industry : the case of glass-processing in Finland
Engineered materials handbook. Volume 4, Ceramics and glasses
A century of carnival glass
Cooper's book of glaze recipes
A Guide to Sandwich glass : cut ware, a general assortment and bottles
Glass of the Roman world
Roman, Byzantine, and early medieval glass, 10 BCE-700 CE : Ernesto Wolf Collection
50 years of Lahti glass
A Diderot pictorial encyclopedia of trades and industry. Volume two
XVI International Congress on Glass : proceedings of the congress
The archaeology of the early glass industry in Finland : the glassworks of Åvik in Somero (1748-1833) and Mariedal in Sipoo (1776-1824)
Kokoelma = Collection. 1994.
Kristalli! : suomalaisen kristallin tarina = the story of Finnish crystal
Designed in Finland 1979
Anchor Hocking commemorative bottles and other collectibles
Proceedings of the 5th International Otto Schott Colloquium, July 10-14, 1994, Jena
Tiffin Glass 1940-1980 : figurals, paperweights, pressed ware
'40s, '50s, & '60s stemware by Tiffin
Mt. Washington and Pairpoint glass : encompassing the history of the Mt. Washington Glass Works and its successors, the Pairpoint Companies, Vol. 2
XV International Congress on Glass : proceedings. Vol. 2a, Properties of glass. New methods of glass formation : technical sessions
Proceedings : international symposium on glass problems, September 4-6, 1996, Istanbul. Vol. 1, Oral presentations
Finnish glass
Lasitutkimuksia : Suomen lasimuseon tutkimusjulkaisu = Glass research : the bulletin of the Finnish glass museum. 6, (1991)
Early glass of the ancient world: 1600 B.C.-A.D. 50 : Ernesto Wolf Collection
Bohemian glass
[Kokoelma = Collection]. 2001
Kosta Boda collection 1998
Electric melting in the glass industry
PIXE and SEM studies of old Finnish and European glass and European oyster Ostrea edulis
European glass
Venetian glass : confections in glass 1855-1914
Kokoelma = Collection. 1993.
XVI International Congress on Glass. Vol. 5, Glass-ceramics
Proceedings : international symposium on glass problems, September 4-6, 1996, Istanbul. Vol. 2, Poster presentations
XV International Congress on Glass : proceedings. Vol. 4, Post deadline papers
Present state and future prospects of glass science and technology : proceedings of the Norbert Kreidl Symposium, July 3 - 8, 1994, Triesenberg, principality of Liechtenstein ; [symposium in honor of the 90th birthday of Professor Norbert J. Kreidl]
The archaeology of the early glass industry in finland : The glassworks of åvik in somero (1748-1833) and mariedal in sipoo (1776-1824)
20th century factory glass
Terminology work : theoretical basis and practical work
Antique Trader guide to fakes & reproductions : authentic or fake? : can yoy make the right choice?
