http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12926 information work
information work
Cold regions: pivot points, focal points : proceedings of the 24rd Polar Libraries Colloquy June 11-14, 2012, Boulder, Colorado, United States
Implementing value pricing : a radical business model for professional firms
Research and knowledge at work : perspectives, case-studies and innovative strategies
Computer system design : system-on-chip
Employer Branding for SMEs: Attracting Graduating Students in IT Industry
This is a product oriented thesis, with a topic, Induction training plan for KILROY education study advisor. The commissioning company is KILROY Finland for which the author has been working for since February 2008. The final product, the manual, was put together in a way that it can be adapted to be used in all the markets KILROY operates at. The field on which the study advisors work is very information intensive and focuses on sharing information and facilitating the process of gathering it. The manual is meant to be used by both managers and study advisors. Managers can use the manual as part of the induction training and to give structure where for study advisors it aims to work as a handbook that can also be referred to later on if needed. The thesis was written upon a secondary research done by reviewing the chosen literature as well as author's work experience on the field and in the tasks the manual is being built for. Qualitative methods were used to validate the information and structure that used in the manual. The empirical part of the thesis consists of four parts; 1) an introduction on the topic, the objective and tasks, and the commissioning company, 2) a theory part, 3) discussion about product development, and 4) conclusions and discussion on the final product. The manual follows as an attachment. The theoretical frame of reference focuses on 1) how to conduct a good induction training, 2) the importance of establishing an ongoing learning for the information intensive industries (or simply, how the be the specialist and share/sell your knowledge, be the facilitator), and 3) enhancing the importance of right kind of communication.
Knowledge work and knowledge-intensive firms
Encyclopedia of human resources information systems : challenges in e-HRM
Exploring 'Good Work' in IT consultancy business
Knowledge workers in the information society
Tangible information technology for a better ageing society : proceedings of the Confidence 2010 International Conference: Open doors to ICT for ageing and eInclusion, 9-10 December 2010 Jyväskylä, Finland
Developing a business information system : case: Work practice placement management tool for Oulu Vocational College, Department of Social and Health Care, Kontinkangas Unit
On the road to the Finnish information society
Cognitive tools for learning
Understanding work in the age of information : Finland in focus
"Educating for the Knowledge Economy The promise, embraced by governments around the world, is that the knowledge economy will provide knowledge workers with a degree of autonomy and permission to think which enables them to be creative and to attract high incomes. What credence should we give to this promise? The current economic crisis is provoking a reappraisal of both economic and educational policy. Policy makers and educationists across the world see education as central to economic competitiveness. However, this book asks fundamental questions about the relationship between the economy and education since, in contrast to policy makers' rhetoric, the relationship between the two sectors is not straightforward. An unorthodox account of the knowledge economy and economic globalisation suggests that autonomy in the workplace and permission to think will be only given to the elite. In this view many aspirant well-educated middle-class young workers are doomed to disappointment. In this book, leading scholars from the US, the UK, Australia and New Zealand discuss these issues and interrogate the assumptions and links between the different elements of education and how they might relate to the economy. Even if we assume that the official view of the knowledge economy is correct are we educating young people to be autonomous, creative thinkers? Are current policies relating to knowledge, learning and assessment consistent with the kinds of workers and skills required for the knowledge economy? This book will appeal to academics, policy makers, teachers and students interested in the central role of education in the knowledge economy"--
Career opportunities in library and information science
The laws of the knowledge workplace : changing roles and the meaning of work in knowledge-intensive environments
Understanding work in the age of information : the Finnish model of an information society
Effective knowledge work : answers to the management challenges of the 21st century
Abstract.
From myths to reality : challenges of HR management in ICT sector
Knowledge conversions in knowledge work : a descriptive case study
Perspectives on new work : exploring emerging conceptualizations
Gendering the knowledge economy : comparative perspectives
How to set up information systems : a non-specialist's guide to the multiview approach
Managing knowledge workers : value assessment, methods, and application tools
Co-development of work and information systems : an analysis of the construction of the Activity­Driven ISD methodology in 2001-2013
Connecting internal communication and organizational engagement : an employee-centered perspective
Characteristics of the successful twenty-first century information professional
Digital labour and Karl Marx
Value of the Balanced Scorecard for organizational communication in knowledge-intensive firms
The Circle
A methodology for the quantification of knowledge work
Correlates of innovation in knowledge worker teams
E-learning and communication in teachers' training project: case: ADAPTYKES project
An active attitude and the spirit of doing : hands-on work and results at the Information Technology department of Oulu UAS
Computers as components : principles of embedded computing system design
Rethinking computer-based simulation : concepts and models
eHealth services and technology : challenges for co-development
Work in the information society : 20-22 May 1996, Marina Congress Center, Helsinki, Finland
The management of expertise
Supporting awareness in creative group work by exposing design rationale
Evaluation of the telework pilot in the Information Society Directorate-General and the Employment Directorate-General of the European Commission
Far from the factory : lean for the information age
Exploring learning on the workplace  : Case study of the evaluation and analysis of learning effects, using PLS Basic Training at Daimler as an example.
Information technology, organizations and people : transformations in the UK retail financial services sector
Work culture transformation : straw to gold : the modern hero's journey
Talent management of knowledge workers : embracing the non-traditional workforce
Hard Skills or Soft Skills? : Findings about Importance of Various Skills in Work
Career creativity : explorations in the remaking of work
Better Life with Energy and Intelligence Technology : The Third Research Forum of Changzhou University and Satakunta University of Applied Sciences
Developing knowledge work with the work flow game in a service organization
Information searching in authentic work tasks : a field study on the effects of task type and complexity
"In recent years, building a corporate online presence has become nonnegotiable for businesses, as consumers expect to connect with them in as many ways as possible. There are benefits to companies that use online technology, but there are risks as well. Managing Online Risk presents the tools and resources needed to better understand the security and reputational risks of online and digital activity, and how to mitigate those risks to minimize potential losses. Managing Online Risk highlights security and risk management best practices that address concerns such as data collection and storage, liability, recruitment, employee communications, compliance violations, security of devices (in contexts like mobile, apps, and cloud computing), and more. Additionally, this book offers a companion website that was developed in parallel with the book and includes the latest updates and resources for topics covered in the book"--
Employer Branding for SMEs : Attracting Graduating Students in IT Industry
Digital storytelling for HIV and AIDS education in Africa
Thinking for a living : the coming age of knowledge work
From communities of practice to innovative knowledge communities
Competing for knowledge : creating, connecting and growing
Nucleus model for designing social mindtools : woven stories
Developing Empower's DNA network construction process at Lohja
Collaborative, informal learning in distributed knowledge-intensive work : organizational contingencies
The laboring of communication : will knowledge workers of the world unite?
The soul of a new machine
Helsinki in the knowledge economy
Rethinking information work : a career guide for librarians and other information professionals
Efficiency in professional information systems work
Summary of pilot cases
This book focuses on understanding the strategic role of the knowledge workers in companies, especially in creating an innovative company. The author presents the 'Sknowinnov method' and a decision-making model for the assessment of the value of strategic knowledge resources in companies. This method and its approach can be used as excellent tools for a quantitative knowledge analysis in an economic viewpoint. The IT tool that is developed for this method offers support in decision making at a strategic level regarding the profitability of any investment in employee qualifications and skills. The tool also connects the selected determinants described in an innovative company with the value of the personnel usefulness function, enabling the assessment of the rationality and effectiveness of knowledge. HR managers and knowledge management consultants for innovative companies would find this book and the IT tools presented specially useful. This book also adds value to researchers dealing with analysis of quantitative and qualitative methods in intellectual capital research.
Executive summary (s. 5-11).
Records management in mobile work
Toward a home-school health partnership : a participatory action research study, 2008-2010
The role of ICT and high-growth firms : micro-level evidence on job creation and productivity growth
Infotrends : profiting from your information resources
ICT Tools and Group Dynamics : ICT Tools Enhancing the Communication in Intercultural Project Teams Alternatively Working in a Collocated and Virtual Context at the Forming and Storming Stages
Essentials of knowledge management
Imperfect transmission of tacit knowledge and other barriers to entrepreneurship
In The Laws of the Knowledge Workplace, Dr Jemielniak has collected research-based chapters providing deep, interdisciplinary insight into knowledge professions, addressing issues of professional identity, emotion, power and authority, trust and indoctrination, and management behaviour. The accounts and studies in this book come from management.
Essays on regional development and labor mobility in a knowledge-based economy
Workflow Management : Models, Methods, and Systems
Abstract: Well-being in low-income families with children.
Imperfect transmission of tacit knowledge and other barriers to entrepreneurahip
Perusterveydenhuolto 2013 = Primärvård 2013 = Primary health care services 2013
Deep work : rules for focused success in a distracted world
Designing for collaboration : a study of knowledge work collaboration and a concept design for a large touchscreen-based groupware system
Laboratory environment of PC technology & device design
Internal Communication and Network Operators
Information services today : an introduction
Knowledge workers in the information society : evidence from Finland
Pupil-related psychosocial factors, school setting, and teacher sick leave : a collaborative data study
Human resource development in a knowledge economy : an organisational view
Information processing in global virtual NPD projects
Management of teleworkers : managerial communication at a distance
In search for a Russian knowledge worker
Developing networking studies to match the requirements of the workplace
iComponent - device-independent platform for analyzing eye movement data and developing eye-based applications
Sport, recreation and tourism event management : theoretical and practical dimensions
Service innovation development and knowledge intergration practices : comparative case study on KIBS sector
Managing knowledge : an essential reader
Libraries @ Barents : communicative and active! : 19th Barents library conference : proceedings
Kotihoidon laskenta 30.11.2009 = Klientinventering inom hemvården 30.11.2009 = Count of Regular Home-Care Clients on 30 November of 2009
The knowledge advantage : 14 visionaries define marketplace success in the new economy
Sustainable flexibility : a prospective study on work, family and society in the information age
Honing your knowledge skills
The empowered knowledge worker : destroying the dogma
Psykiatrinen erikoissairaanhoito 2013 : Psykiatriska specialiserade sjukvården 2013 = Psychiatric specialist medical care 2013
Ozi ́s Bed and Breakfast : a case of translation
Information systems in context : building a tool for analysing the sociotechnical context of organisational information systems
Measuring the implementation of a CRM for salespeople : a case study in a sales organization
Urban informal sector information : needs and methods
Mobilising human resources for innovation : proceedings from the OECD Workshop on Science and Technology Labour Markets, 17 May 1999
The librarian and reference queries : a systematic approach
Perusterveydenhuolto 2012 = Primärvård 2012 = Primary health care services 2012
Work with computing systems WWCS 2007, Stockholm
Benedict : benchmarking European development cooperation (via) ICT
Neck and shoulder pain related to computer use : Terveysnetti
Personal knowledge management : individual, organizational and social perspectives
Open systems and standards for software product development
Studies of satellite-based tracking systems for improving law enforcement : comprising investigation data, digital evidence and monitoring of legality
Information management for tactical decision-making in the cardiac care process
Boundaryless work : an explorative case study on the nature of boundaries and boundary crossings in rapidly changing research & development work
Summary.
Moral conflicts in a project course in information systems education
Collaborative screen capture video based learning in information systems science
What the net can't do : the everyday practice of Internet, globalization and mobility
New knowledge objects? : exploring cultures of representation in knowledge-intensive work
Super-flexibility for knowledge enterprises
Supporting distributed knowledge work in a knowledge intensive organisation
Educating for the knowledge economy? : critical perspectives
Applications of virtualization in systems design
Employee commitment to CRM implementation : Case: Wärtsilä Ship Power
Information systems project management : how to deliver function and value in information technology projects
Abstract: The purpose of the thesis was to identify if there are less known factors affecting employees' willingness to adopt a new IM tool, in this case CRM. It is obvious the tool itself can always be improved but it may not explain all the reluctance usually involved in adoption of such IM implementations. This thesis researched the problem in a technology company Wärtsilä Corporation focusing on Ship Power business. It is quite common that the implementation of CRM fails, which is confirmed by numerous examples in CRM literature. CRM is a change management project and therefore both change management and internal marketing were investigated as a part of the research. First 5 in-depth interviews were conducted in Ship Power to be able to define which elements seem to discourage the adoption of CRM most. The interviews gave ideas how quantitative research questions could be phrased concerning technology, processes and leadership. E-questionnaire was sent to 76 respondents based on stratified sample. 46 responses were received. The results revealed that despite recognizing CRM a good tool in Wärtsilä Ship Power there are still some developments to be made on technology. Managers' commitment seems to be on a good level, but there are still some defects in the leadership, which should be tackled. It is evident that employee commitment is a significant factor for successful CRM implementation. Mere technology, however advanced it is, cannot guarantee the success. Consequently affective commitment to change of the employees is worth of pursuing.
Improving employees' information systems (IS) security behavior : toward a meta-theory of IS security training and a new framework for understanding employees' IS security behavior
Synthetic worlds : emerging technologies in education and economics
The challenge of recruiting and retaining knowledge employees
Knowledge sharing between generations in an organisation : retention of the old or building the new?
How to display data
The use of performance measurement in knowledge work context
Expertise as Business : long-term development and future prospects of knowledge-intensive business services (KIBS)
Induction training plan : case company: KILROY Finland
Abstract: This study explores the conditions of good work in IT consultancy business. The objectives of the study are to find the attributes that employees consider important for good work in an IT consultancy business, and to examine the present conditions in the case company for the good work as well as how the likelihood for good work could be improved.    The concept of good work is used as a framework for this study and supported by the model for engagement and the factors affecting it. The model is built on the theory of motivation and the experience of flow as seen from the individual's perspective as well as the theory of positive deviance and transformational leadership, as seen from the organization's socio cultural point of view. In the literature review, quite many topics studied were found to be overlapping and linked to different theories. As a result, the attributes from the theoretical framework were grouped under six headings of empowerment, meaningfulness, relatedness, communication, rewards & recognition and leadership.    This research is a qualitative type of research with the data coming from two main sources. The first source is the survey questionnaire based on the literature review, which was responded by 64 people representing the population both from the product development and IT consulting employees in the case company. The second source is the interview and open discussion with eight employees in the case company.    In order to answer the research question, the results were compiled from the question-naires and interviews and analyzed against the theoretical framework to understand what people see as the characteristics for each of six headings and to what extent the conditions for good work are met in case organization. Additionally the implications were discussed and recommendations were prepared for the management and employees that could enhance the opportunities for doing the good work in the case company meeting the standards for excellence and ethics and at the same time leading to a feeling of well being in employees. The recommendations are subsequently validated in the case organization by the reference group formed by the researcher.
Professional liability issues for librarians and information professionals
The knowing work practice as situational creation of meaning : a study to facilitate the communication of knowledge
Beyond competition to association : the economic transformation of Baltic state cities
Exploring knowledge-intensive business services : knowledge management strategies
Fluency experiences in knowledge-intensive individual work and collaboration
The functional fit between collaborative software and network systems : qualification of work system needs to software functionality
The new knowledge workers
Knowledge-based working : intelligent operating for the knowledge age
The nature of the workplace for knowledge creation
The triple helix : university-industry-government innovation in action
Combining experts' ratings for partly overlapping concept lists : a feasibility test with cultural sustainability indicators
Remote : office not required
Managing knowledge work and innovation
Contemporary security management
Integrating graphical information system models with visualization techniques
Search in the labour markets : empirical evidence of the role of technology and sanctions
Possibilities of telework as an organisational tool for the flexible arrangement of teachers' work from the teacher's viewpoint
Oulu UAS educates professionals for the needs of Northern Finland, whose competence corresponds to the needs and development of working life in the region. We react quickly to the changes occurring in working life and the requirements of new competence.    At the degree programme of Information Technology we aim to develop our teaching to include more real-life project work: our curricula include increasingly more company-related projects. This way we are able to provide our students with a more realistic view of the everyday work at companies, and also improve their employment opportunities.    The purpose of this publication is to spread the word about the projects and results achieved by the students and staff of the Information Technology department. In addition to student projects, our department is also involved in many domestic and international projects well worth mentioning. Yearly, our students complete hundreds of thesis and project work. This publication also presents good examples of our successful projects.
There be dragons! : an ethnographic inquiry into the strategic practices and process of world of warcraft gaming groups
Innovation & the psychological contract in the knowledge business
Laboratory Environment of PC Technology & Device Design
eCompetence for social work
Informatics and administration
Task-based information seeking and retrieval in the patent domain : processes and relationships
Offshore outsourcing of IT work : client and supplier perspectives
Cooperation between Higher Education Institutions and Businesses
Journalism in the age of the net : changing society, changing profession
Managing online risk : apps, mobile, and social media security
The migration of knowledge workers : second-generation effects of India's brain drain
Mobile communication and work practices in knowledge-based organizations
Educating the global workforce : knowledge, knowledge work and knowledge workers
Imperfect transmissions of tacit knowledge and other barriers to entrepreneusrship
State-of-the-art report on knowledge work : new ways of working
Multiple media in group work : emphasising individual users in distributed and real-time CSCW systems
Comments on Roger Säljö's presentation "Technologies, knowing and the transformation of work practices: what do we need to learn?"
Interfaces, Standards and Code lists in Data communication between Authorities : Helsinki–St. Petersburg Smart Transport Corridor
Design through digital interaction : computing communications and collaboration on design
Getting a job requires many things: hard skills, soft skills, the right attitude and motivation. To develop the degree programme in Business Information Systems in Oulu university of Applied Sciences (Oulu UAS), three surveys were conducted, to study importance of skills and knowledge in professional life: a graduate career survey in 2013, an employer survey in 2014, and a student survey in 2015. According to the results, readiness for change, learning skills and basic ICT skills seem to be the most important skills. To succeed at work, an adequate basis of hard skills, soft interpersonal and communication skills are needed. Also problem solving and pressure endurance seem to be very important.
Tendencies and tensions of the information age : the production and distribution of information in the United States
Post-professionalism : transforming the information heartland
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Supporting the success of an information systems project : viewpoints on education and replacement of the project manager
Managing knowledge workers : unleashing innovation and productivity
Psykiatrinen erikoissairaanhoito 2012 : Psykiatriska specialiserade sjukvården 2012 = Psychiatric specialist medical care 2012
Extrinsic and intrinsic motivators in knowledge worker motivation
Recruitment & Social networking : The Future for International Recruitment Agency A
