http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1291 circus artists
circus artists
The night circus
The golden age of the circus
Clown for circus & stage
The hourglass factory
The life of P.T. Barnum
The circus and Victorian society
Professor Risley (Richard Risley Carlisle) introduced the Western circus to Japan in 1864. Three years later, this former acrobat gave many in the West their first glimpse of Japan when he took his Imperial Japanese Troupe of acrobats and jugglers on a triumphant tour of North America and Europe. Over the next few years, the Troupe performed before presidents, monarchs, and ordinary citizens. Frederik L. Schodt argues compellingly that such early popular entertainments helped stir a curiosity about all things Japanese that eventually led to japonisme, The Mikado, and, in our time, the boom in manga and anime. Schodt's depiction of Risley and his troupe is enlivened by portraits of the circus demimonde and supported by nineteenth-century photographs, posters, and drawings, many in color. His accounts of these first meetings between Westerners and Japanese shed new light on how different cultures meet, mingle, and influence each other. Descriptions of crowds, dazzling routines, and superstar troupe performers like the famous Little All Right are a delightful revelation to anyone interested in Asia, the circus, and popular entertainment.
Contemporary circus : introduction to the art form
Contemporary circus
Water for Elephants
If I ran the circus
A Christmas wish
Clowns of the 20th century! : photographs of 100 years of circus clowns
Circus illustrations / 75 studies of circus / by Stewart Waghorn
Aerial circus training & safety manual : a guide for teachers and students
Circus : Fantasy under the big top
Houdini!!! : the career of Ehrich Weiss
Esmeralda and the children-next-door
Life in a three-ring circus : posters and Interviews
Under the big top : a season with the circus
Here comes the circus
Cirque du Soleil : worlds away
New Circus
Fairground art
The circus of Mr Cannelloni
The quiet girl
The Walk
Acrobats of the soul : comedy and virtuosity in contemporary American theatre
Bertram Mills : the circus that travelled by train : a pictorial celebration of "the quality show"
Circus bodies : cultural identity in aerial performance
Circus heroes and heroines
Learning to fly : trapeze--reflections on fear, trust, and the joy of letting go
If you're reading this I'm already dead
Pathways in juggling : learn how to juggle with balls, clubs, devil sticks, diabolos, and beyond
Rings of desire : circus history and representation
Step right up! and buy a ticket to the Greatest Show on Earth - the Big Top, containing death-defying stunts, dancing bears, roaring tigers, and trumpeting elephants. The circus has always been home to the dazzling and the exotic, the improbable and the impossible--a place of myth and romance, of reinvention, rebirth, second acts, and new identities. Asking why we long to soar on flying trapezes, ride bareback on spangled horses, and parade through the streets in costumes of glitter and gold, this captivating book illuminates the history of the circus and the claim it has on the imaginations of artists, writers, and people around the world --
Step right up, stories of carnivals, sideshows and the circus
The greatest shows on earth : a history of the circus
Nights at the circus
The Pickle clowns : new American circus comedy
Sawdust and spotlight
The congress of clowns and other Russian circus acts
Strange feats & clever turns : remarkable speciality acts in variety, vaudeville and sideshows at the turn of the 20th century as seen by their contemporaries
School provision for children of occupational travellers : report on the implementation of measures planned by the Council and the Ministers for Education 22 May 1989-89/C 153/01
Diamond : from the world of Hetty Feather
Houdini on magic
Sideshow U.S.A : freaks and the American cultural imagination
Mr. Baboomski and the wonder goat
Salem Brownstone : all along the watchtowers
The clown in you : a guide to contemporary clowning
Documentation of CARD : circus artistic research development
The very wicked headmistress
Water for elephants : a novel
A circus year
Freak like me : inside the Jim Rose Circus sideshow
The walk
Lumoava Sirkus Finlandia = The enchanting Circus Finlandia
Professor Risley & the imperial Japanese troupe : how an American acrobat introduced circus to Japan, and Japan to the West
The Routledge Circus Studies Reader offers an absorbing critical introduction to this diverse and emerging field. It brings together the work of over 30 scholars in this discipline, including Janet Davis, Helen Stoddart and Peta Tait, to highlight and address the field's key historical, critical and theoretical issues. It is organised into three accessible sections, Perspectives, Precedents and Presents, which approach historical aspects, current issues, and the future of circus performance.
The ordinary acrobat : a journey into the wondrous world of the circus, past and present
The Routledge circus studies reader
Houdini!!! : the career of Ehrich Weiss : American self-liberator, Europe's eclipsing sensation, world's handcuff king & prison breaker - nothing on earth can hold HOUDINI a prisoner!!!
Women's circus : leaping off the edge
The night circus : a novel
I never went to clown college : (the ramblings, recollections and reflections of a circus producing clown) 1945-1956
If You're reading this I'm already dead
Frog music
Josser : days and nights in the circus
Describes the author's novice plunge into the abstract and intensely competitive world of the contemporary circus while tracing the history of circus performance and the current Cirque du Soleil-fueled renewal of circus popularity.
Stories of the Black cabinet
Circus world
Kids perform circus arts
As darkness rises, will Gabe help Mara find the truth? In the spring of 1987, the carnival comes to small-town Caudry, Louisiana. Then events take a dangerous turn. For Mara Beznik, the carnival is home. It's also a place of secrets, hidden powers and a buried past - making it hard to connect with outsiders. However, sparks fly when she meets local boy Gabe Alvarado. As they become inseparable, Mara realizes Gabe is hiding his own secrets. And his family legacy could destroy Mara's world.They find the word 'freeks' sprayed on trailers, as carnival employees start disappearing. Then workers wind up dead, killed in disturbing ways by someone or something. Mara is determined to unlock the mystery, with Gabe's help. But can they really halt this campaign of fear?
Juggling : from start to star
Dreams of the solo trapeze : offstage with the Cirque du Soleil
A very young circus flyer
Bertram Mills circus : its story
Clowns for beginners
Serious play : modern clown performance
Alex : the amazing juggler
