http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12902 health care engineering
health care engineering
Information systems and technologies for enhancing health and social care
Wellness is more than just technology
Field guide to environmental engineering for development workers : water, sanitation, and indoor air
Evaluation of the CaringTV Project at Armila Hospital -Professionals' Point of View
For the past few decades, technology has been touted as the cure for all of healthcare's ills, yet medicine stubbornly resisted computerization-- until now. Thanks largely to billions of dollars in federal incentives, healthcare has finally gone digital. Wachter examines healthcare at the dawn of its computer age, and shows how technology is changing care at the bedside. He questions whether government intervention has been useful or destructive-- and does so with clarity, insight, humor, and compassion.
Technology and nursing : practice, concepts and issues
Ageing and technology : perspectives from the social sciences
Self-tracking
Act, accept and be mindful : evaluation of three technology- and internet-delivered psychological interventions for mood and well-being
Incorporating cultural value into a service brand : strategic branding for ALV
This book constitutes the thoroughly refereed proceedings of the International Conference on Communication Technologies for Ageing Well and e-Health, ICT4AgeingWell 2015, held in Lisbon, Portugal, in May 2015. The 11 full papers and two invited papers presented were carefully reviewed and selected from 45 submissions. The papers cover five main topic areas, covering different aspects, including Ambient Assisted Living, Telemedicine and E-Health, Monitoring, Accessibility and User Interfaces, Robotics and Devices for Independent Living and HCI for Ageing Populations.
Towards a sustainable well-being society : building blocks for a new socio-economic model
Understanding the role  of user experience for  mobile healthcare
Active ageing online : interactive distance services for the elderly on Baltic Islands : VIRTU Project 2010–2013
Telemedicine technologies : information technologies in medicine and telehealth
Good design practice for medical devices and equipment : requirements capture
Using interactive technology to implement activities which promote social, physical and cognitive wellbeing in senior citizens.
Quantified : biosensing technologies in everyday life
Täyttä elämää kaikille : ylempi AMK -symposium III = Full life for all : UAS Master symposium III : proceedings
Abstracts in Swedish.
Art, Games and Sensors Harnessed to Enhance Well-being
From welfare to innovation : STI policies under the spotlight
New technologies in health care : challenge, change and innovation
Interactive CaringTV and userdriven eServices : the Safe Home project : final report
Smart homes : design, implementation and issues
"This book investigates the creation and implementation of enterprise information systems, covering a wide array of topics such as flow-shop scheduling, information systems outsourcing, ERP systems utilization, Dietz transaction methodology, and advanced planning systems"--Provided by publisher.
The models on success. Part 4, New elements of the world of knowledge : Friday, 16th June 2000, Auditorium, Parliament of Finland
Medical technology into healthcare and society : a sociology of devices, innovation and governance
Ubiquitous elderly wellbeing solutions
Needs of the elderly using new technology
Service innovations in elderly care and ambient assisted living
CaringTV® : conceptualisation
Biomonitoring digital devices have become popular in physical activities and are receiving intensive focus as motivational and support vehicles for health. The aim of this article is to develop a new theoretical framework to analyze biomonitoring from the two perspectives constituting the opposite ends of the big data spectrum: individual (micro) and institutional (macro). In applying phenomenology of the body, discussions of choreography, and Latour's actor-network theory, I seek to evolve a choreography-based approach that can outline feedback systems between embodied practices and the macrolevel choreography of big data. Health informatics data as economic and political assets are illustrated based on netnography. Netnographic methodology pays close attention to online fieldwork and media texts. Emphasizing the lived body in the analysis of knowledge infrastructure, I aim to contribute to the theoretical discussion of human-data interaction. The findings suggest that highly intimate, personal technology can distance people from their lived bodies.
Hope or hype : the obsession with medical advances and the high cost of false promises
E-health care information systems : an introduction for students and professionals
Reconstruction of the intimate and public spheres : proceedings of the 1st Next-Generation Global Workshop : January 11-12, 2009 Kyoto University
Improving the match of person and technology
Quantified bodies in the checking loop : analyzing the choreographies of biomonitoring and generating big data
Less, slower, better. Do information society visions have healthy alternatives?
Studies on inequalities in information society : proceedings of the conference Well-being in the Information Society : WIS 2012 August 22-24, Turku, Finland
Design and evaluation of a mobile phone diary for personal health management
The sceptical optimist : why technology isn't the answer to everything
User perceptions on the privacy of health information
Acceptance in ambient assisted living services for elder people
Customer-driven CaringTV® concept for elderly family care givers living at home : final report of the Coping at Home research
Information and Communication Technologies for Ageing Well and e-Health : First International Conference, ICT4AgeingWell 2015, Lisbon, Portugal, May 20-22, 2015. Revised Selected Papers
Good design practice for medical devices and equipment : a framework
Wireless mobile communication and healthcare : third International Conference, MobiHealth 2012, Paris, France, November 21-23, 2012, revised selected papers
The effectiveness and applicability of different lifestyle interventions for enhancing wellbeing: the study design for a randomized controlled trial for persons with metabolic syndrome risk factors and psychological distress
Technology as a part of care service production : concept design case for Wiktio
Good design practice for medical devices and equipment : design verification
Sales and distribution channels and trade fairs for health care technology for Valkee Oy in Austria
The topic Sales and Distribution Channels for the thesis was suggested by tutor teacher and after having meeting with commissioner of the company ValkeeOy the finalized topic was chosen to be Sales and Distribution Channels/ Trade Fairs for Healthcare Technology in Austria. The main purpose of the research was to find out possible and suitable sales and distribution channels, trade fair for healthcare technology for the company in order to sell the product to Austrian markets. The thesis consists of two major parts, which are Sales & Distribution Channels and Trade Fairs for Healthcare Technology. Secondary research method was selected for the thesis as required by the company. Going to Austria personally could be an impossible task to collect information about all the target companies. Internet sources were easy and relatively accessible to find out most recent information about the required research. The possible suitable sales and distribution channels/ trade fairs for healthcare technology were sorted through different categories for the product line of Valkee Oy. The contact information of suitable companies in Austria has been provided for the company to contact. With the research done it is expected that the case company will be able to find out new channels to sell and market their product in Austria and also get new business partners as well.
Smart Technology in Smart Use : UAS Master Symposium IV : Proceedings
Mobile augmented teleguidance-based safety navigation concept for senior citizens
Fostering independence, participation, and healthy aging through technology : workshop summary
Assistive technologies : principles and practice
Sports and wellbeing : technological and nutritional aspects, 18-19 March 2010 : multidisciplinary research symposium in Vuokatti, Finland : book of abstracts
"This book provides the latest and most relevant research on the understanding, expansion, and solutions on technologies used for improvements in the health and social care field"
ICT for health : resource book of eHealth projects : participation in FP6
Introduction to smart eHealth and eCare technologies
The book addresses issues towards the design and development of Wireless Sensor Network based Smart Home and fusion of Real-Time Data for Wellness Determination of an elderly person living alone in a Smart Home. The fundamentals of selection of sensor, fusion of sensor data, system design, modelling, characterizations, experimental investigations and analyses have been covered. This book will be extremely useful for the engineers and researchers especially higher undergraduate, postgraduate students as well as practitioners working on the development of Wireless Sensor Networks, Internet of Things and Data Mining.
Abstracts in Estonian.
This paper offers a portrayal of how affective computing and persuasive technologies can converge into an effective tool for interfacing biomedical engineering with behavioral sciences and medicine. We describe the characteristics, features, applications, present state of the art, perspectives, and trends of both streams of research. In particular, these streams are analyzed in light of the potential contribution of their convergence for improving computer-mediated health-care systems, by facilitating the modification of patients' attitudes and behaviors, such as engagement and compliance. We propose a framework for future research in this emerging area, highlighting how key constructs and intervening variables should be considered. Some specific implications and challenges posed by the convergence of these two technologies in health care, such as paradigm change, multimodality, patients' attitude improvement, and cost reduction, are also briefly addressed and discussed.
Proceedings of the 1st International Conference on Advancement of Medicine and Health Care Through Technology MEDITECH 2007
E-health : current situation and examples of implemented and beneficial e-health applications
The economics of health and health care
Midwives, families and everyday health information and ICT interactions : exploration of identities and networks
Summary.
"Exploring the details of mobility and manipulative technologies, this volume provides insight into current research trends and discusses technologies that are under development. Each chapter covers one specific technology, starting with a general introduction, followed by technical details and an assessment from the user viewpoint including the user benefits, user suitability, cost, reliability, and required infrastructure. Each chapter also provides illustrations or photographs of the devices, making it accessible to lay and clinical audiences. The book also identifies shortcomings, current research related to the technology, and possible development opportunities"--Provided by publisher.
European law and new health technologies
Computational technology for effective health care : immediate steps and strategic directions
Uses of innovation : wristcare in the practices of engineers and elderly
Neural networks for heart rate time series analysis
On the Convergence of Affective and Persuasive Technologies in Computer-Mediated Health-Care Systems
Mechatronics for safety, security and dependability in a new era
Developing a Tool to Measure Experiential Meaning of CaringTV® for the Elderly
Information ethics : privacy and intellectual property
The motivation towards Valkee Bright Light Headset in Japan : through potential customer's eye
Midwives, families and everyday health information and ICT interactions : exploration of identities and social networks
Devices for mobility and manipulation for people with reduced abilities
Active ageing online : interactive distance services for the elderly on Baltic Islands : VIRTU project 2010-2013
Smart technology in smart use : UAS Master symposium IV : proceedings
Abstracts in Finnish.
Art, games and sensors harnessed to enhance well-being
Life-based design for technical solutions in social and voluntary work
Adaptive health management information systems : concepts, cases, and practical applications
Human-centric interfaces for ambient intelligence
Meat science : an introductory text
Designing a new service model for Global Service Finland Oy : focus on Finnish health technology industry and emerging markets
The Finn family summer trip 2045 : a view to future business opportunities
Falling is the main cause of domestic accidents and fatal injuries to seniors at home. In this paper, we describe the design process for a new pervasive technology (CIRDO). The aim of this technology is to detect falls (via audio and video sensors) and to alert the elderly's family or caregivers. Two complementary studies were performed. Firstly, the actual risk situations of older adults were analyzed. Secondly, social acceptance was investigated for the different homecare field stakeholders. Our results highlight the tensions among social actors towards the tool and their impacts on technology acceptance by the elderly. Also, we show a significant change in the fall process due to the device. In actuality, the social functions associated with CIRDO implementation and the necessity of iterative design processes suggest that the CIRDO system should be more flexible and versatile to better fit the risk behaviors of seniors that evolve using this device..
Gerontechnology : growing old in a technological society
Telemedicine and electronic medicine
The digital doctor : hope, hype, and harm at the dawn of medicine's computer age
Positive computing : technology for wellbeing and human potential
Comparison of acceleration and EMG signals in quantifying physical activity
E-health : current status and future trends
This discussion paper is an attempt to lay out a path toward a more sustainable society. It introduces several principles of sustainable well-being that meet the key sustainability challenges of advanced societies. Taken together, these principles form a vision of a sustainable well-being society.In addition, the paper analyzes the changing role of government in the transition towards sustainability. --Publisher's description.
Advanced textiles for health and wellbeing
Enterprise information systems design, implementation and management : organizational applications
Distance is not a barrier to health : welfare technology makes life easier
Satellite positioning and grip tape
Connecting health and humans  : proceedings of NI2009
Detecting falls at home : User-centered design of a pervasive technology
