http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12906 oceanography
oceanography
Invitation to oceanography
Modern approaches to data assimilation in ocean modeling
Underwater Photo-Optical Instrumentation Applications : seminar in depth
Oceanography : invited lectures presented at the International Oceanographic Congress held in New York, 31 August-12 September 1959
Natural science in the Bothnian Sea during 1975-2008 : a review
Oceanography for meteorologists
Oceanography : an introduction to the marine environment
Descriptive physical oceanography : an introduction
Ocean worlds : the story of seas on Earth and other planets
Port and ocean engineering under arctic conditions POAC. 2, Symposium on Noise and Marine Mammals, Fairbanks, AK, August 17-21, 1987
Physical oceanography
Hydrodynamics of semi-enclosed seas : proceedings of the 13th Liège colloquium on ocean hydrodynamics
Methoden und Ergebnisse der Theoretischen Ozeanographie = Methods and results of theoretical oceanography. Vol. 1, Dynamics of the homogeneous and the quasihomogeneous ocean
Introductory dynamic oceanography
Spatiotemporal Aspects of Environmental Monitoring in the Complex Coastal Region of Southwest Finland
Sensitivity and variability of the Arctic Ocean ice cover
The depths of the ocean : a general account of the modern science of oceanography based largely on the scientific researches of the Norwegian steamer Michael Sars in the North Atlantic
Swedish summary.
The conquest of the ocean : the illustrated history of seafaring
Levels of organohalogen compounds in white-tailed sea eagles (Haliaeetus albicilla) in relation to reproduction impairment in the Bothnian Sea
List of acronyms in environmental sciences
The earth and its oceans
King D. Carlos and oceanographic science
Hydrographic finestructure and the orientation behaviour of fish, studied by ultrasonic telemetry
Estuaries : a physical introduction
Extending the similarity theory for atmospheric boundary layers : contribution from background stratification
Reports of the Swedish deep-sea expedition 1947-1948. Vol. 8: Fasc. 5, The sediment core no. 210 from the Western Mediterranean Sea
Introductory oceanography
The oceans : their physics, chemistry and general biology
Descriptive regional oceanography : an elementary description of the four main divisions of the world ocean, of their limits, forms, topography, wind systems, climatology, surface circulation, and hydrological characteristics and structure
The polar oceans and their role in shaping the global environment : the Nansen centennial volume
Measurements of spectral irradiance underwater
Reports of the Swedish deep-sea expedition 1947-1948. Vol. 8: Fasc: 3, Description of sediment cores from the Mediterranean and the Red Sea
Kurt Austin puts the NUMAA team on a case involving a hideous series of medical experiments, an extraordinarily ambitious Chinese criminal organization, and a secret new virus that threatens to set off a worldwide pandemic / WorldCat.
Marine sciences instrumentation. Vol. 2, Proceedings of the Symposium on transducers for oceanic research, held November 8-9, 1962, at San Diego, California
The Baltic Sea
Air-sea interaction : instruments and methods
Some techniques in coastal oceanography : being an outline of methods developed mainly in the course of ocean-outfall studies off the Natal coast
Quantitative skill assessment for coastal ocean models
Third Study Conference on BALTEX, Assembly hall of the Ålands Parliament Building Mariehamn, Åland, Finland : conference proceedings
Introductory physics of the atmosphere and ocean
A study of the oceans
Fisheries oceanography : new ocean environmental services
Optical properties of Southern Ocean water in the Atlantic sector
Voyages en Océanographie / Oceanographic voyages / Oceanographic museum of Monaco ; Oceanographic institute / Albert I, Prince of Monaco's Foundation
Marine sciences instrumentation. Vol. 1, A collection of instrumentation papers presented at the Marine sciences conference held September 11-15, 1961, at Woods Hole, Mass., sponsored by the Instrument society of America and the American society of limnology and oceanography and papers from the Marine sciences sessions of the 1961 Instrument society of America symposia held at Toronto and Los Angeles
Studies of the Arctic Ocean sea ice cover and hydrothermal heat fluxes
Some concepts of estuarine modeling
Physical processes in lakes and oceans
BALTEX-BASIS : final report MAS3-CT97-0117 contract with EC
General oceanography : an introduction
Chemical oceanography : an introduction
The XXI General Assembly of the International Association for the Physical Sciences of the Oceans (IAPSO) : at the Tapa Conference Center of the Hilton Hawaiian Village, Honolulu, Hawaii, USA, 5-12 August, 1995 : the abstracts
On transports of mass, heat and carbon in the Arctic Mediterranean
Dynamical oceanography
Essentials of oceanography
Physics of the marine atmosphere
Arctic and Antarctic sea ice, 1978-1987 : satellite passive-microwave observations and analysis
Baltic sea experiment BALTEX : initial implementation plan
Ecohydrodynamics : proceedings of the 12th international Liège colloquium on ocean hydrodynamics, 1980
The encyclopedia of oceanography
Marine forecasting : predictability and modelling in ocean hydrodynamics : proceedings of the 10th Liège colloquium on ocean hydrodynamics
Ice forecasting techniques for the arctic seas
Seas, maps, and men : an atlas-history of man's exploration of the oceans
Geophysical fluid dynamics
Ocean engineering mechanics : with applications
Geographical description of the Bering Sea : bottom relief and sediments
General circulation of the ocean
Encyclopedia of marine sciences
The ocean-atmosphere system
"This is the first comprehensive text on the theory and practice of aquatic organic matter fluorescence analysis, written by the experts who pioneered the research area. This book covers the topic in the broadest possible terms, providing a common reference for making measurements that are comparable across disciplines, and allowing consistent interpretation of data and results. The book includes the fundamental physics and chemistry of organic matter fluorescence, as well as the effects of environmental factors. All aspects of sample handling, data processing, and the operation of both field and laboratory instrumentation are included, providing the practical advice required for successful fluorescence analyses. Advanced methods for data interpretation and modeling, including parallel factor analysis, are also discussed. The book will interest those establishing field, laboratory, or industrial applications of fluorescence, including advanced students and researchers in environmental chemistry, marine science, environmental geosciences, environmental engineering, soil science, and physical geography"--
Oceans in 30 seconds : 30 cool topics for junior marine explorers explained in half a minute
Handbook of marine science. Vol. 1
Numerical modeling of ocean dynamics
The physical geography of beaches and costlines
Fundamentals of oceanography
Fishers and scientists in modern Turkey : the management of natural resources, knowledge and identity on the eastern Black Sea coast
Dynamic analysis of ocean structures
BALTEX radar research : a plan for future action
Fishing experiments in Norwegian fiords
Marine sciences instrumentation. Vol. 3, Proceedings of the Third national marine sciences symposium, held April 21-23, 1965, at Miami, Florida
Applications of ocean transport modelling
Numerical ocean circulation modeling
The expeditions of Harald Ulrik Sverdrup : contexts for shaping an ocean science
The waters of the sea
Ambient noise in the marginal ice zone
The scientific papers of Sir Geoffrey Ingram Taylor. Vol. 2, Meteorology, oceanography and turbulent flow
Transport processes in lakes and oceans
Ocean optics
The sea : ideas and observations on progress in the study of the seas. 2, The composition of sea-water & comparative and descriptive oceanography
Radiative transfer in the atmosphere and ocean
Medusa : a novel from the NUMA® files
Introduction to oceanography
Introductory dynamical oceanography
The near-surface layer of the ocean
Mathematical models and methods for planet Earth
Marine turbulence : proceedings of the 11th Liège colloquium on ocean hydrodynamics
Effects of topography on ocean thermohaline circulation and of climate variability on Baltic Sea water exchange
The stratosphere of the Atlantic ocean : scientific results of the German atlantic expedition of the research vessel "Meteor" 1925-27. Vol. 6, Section 1
Wind waves : their generation and propagation on the ocean surface
Principles of physical oceanography
History of oceanography : abstarcts of the VII international congress on the history of oceanography, Kaliningrad, September 8-12, 2003
Oceans : life in the deep
Waves and tides
The great ocean business
Measuring the oceans from space : the principles and methods of satellite oceanography
An introduction to the world's oceans
Oceanographical engineering
Numerical models of ocean circulation : proceedings of a symposium held at Durham, New Hampshire, October 17-20, 1972
The sea : ideas and observations on progress in the study of the seas. 3, The earth beneath the sea : history
Combatting marine oil spills in ice and cold conditions : seminar, Helsinki, Finland 1-3 December 1993 : proceedings
Minutes of Second meeting of the BALTEX Science Steering Group at Finnish Institute of Marine research in Helsinki, Finland January 25-27, 1995.
The thermohaline finestructure of the ocean
The determination of chlorinity by the Knudsen method
The drift of sea ice
Oceanographic atlas of the Polar Seas. Part 1, Antarctic
Report on study of variability in the Norwegian Sea April/May 1967
Elements of physical oceanography
An experimental and theoretical investigation of the turbulent diffusion in the upper layer of the sea
Turbulence in the ocean
Antarctic sea ice : biological processes, interactions and variability
Oceanography : an invitation to marine science
Principles of underwater sound for engineers
The facts on file dictionary of marine science
Modeling fjord circulation and turbulent mixing
The carbon dioxide system in the Baltic Sea surface waters
An introduction to the chemistry of the sea
Report of the twenty-fourth session, New York, 21-25 March 1994.
Ocean wave spectra : proceedings of a conference sponsored by the U. S. Naval Oceanographic Office and the Division of Earth Sciences, National Academy of Sciences National Research Council, Easton, Maryland, May 1-4, 1961.
Waves in the ocean
Oceanography from space : proceedings of Conference on the feasibility of conducting oceanographic explorations from aircraft, manned orbital and lunar laboratories. Held at Woods Hole, Massachusetts, 24-28 August 1964
Second Study Conference on BALTEX, Juliusruh, Island of Rügen, Germany 25-19 May 1998 : conference proceedings
Practical methods for observing and forecasting ocean waves by means of wave spectra and statistics
Introduction to physical and biological oceanography
Reports of the Swedish deep-sea expedition 1947-1948. 10, Specialinvestigations, 1-4
The main BALTEX experiment 1999-2001: BRIDGE : strategic plan
Ocean-atmosphere interaction and climate modelling
Reports of the Swedish deep-sea expedition 1947-1948. Vol. 8: Fasc: 4, Studies of deep-sea cores
Antarctic sea ice : physical processes, interactions and variability
Variability of the oceans
Water research in Finland 2002-2006 : international evaluation
Reports of the Swedish deep-sea expedition 1947-1948. Vol. 9:Fasc. 5, Description of sediment cores from the North Atlantic
Ocean tides : mathematical models and numerical experiments
The dynamics of the upper ocean
The oceans atlas
The sea : ideas and observations on progress in the study of the seas. 1, Physical oceanography
Report of the thirty-third session, Rome, 5-9 May 2003
Extreme storms in the North Atlantic and Europe
First Study Conference on BALTEX, Visby, Sweden, August 28 - September 1, 1995 : conference proceedings
Spectral transmittance measurements in the Baltic
Oceanography and marine biology : a book of techniques
Guidelines for marine environmental assessment
Ocean circulation theory
Oceanography : a view of the earth
Principles of oceanography
Mathematical modelling of ocean circulation
Principles of ocean physics
Advances in oceanography
Oceanographic atlas of the Polar Seas. Part 2, Arctic
Reports of the Swedish deep-sea expedition 1947-1948. Vol. 6:Fasc. 5, Description of sediment cores from the Central and Western Pacific with the adjacent Indonesian region
Listening to the sea : the politics of improving environmental protection
Proceedings of the Symposium on mathematical-hydrodynamical methods of physical oceanography : September 1961.
The encyclopedia of marine resources
A coastal pond : studied by oceanographic methods
Oceanography, meteorology, seismology and terrestrial magnetism
Marine physics
Anthropogenic influences on sediment discharge to the coastal zone and environmental consequences
The warmwatersphere of the North Atlantic Ocean
Detection of oil spill and natural film in the marine environment by spaceborne synthetic aperture radar
Handbook of marine science. Vol. 1, Compounds from marine organisms
On the behaviour of oxygen in the euphotic zone of the Nordic seas and on carbon and nutrients in the Northeast Water Polynya mixed layer
Fluid mechanics and thermodynamics of our environment
