http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12928 job placement
job placement
Jobs for youth : New Zealand = Des emplois pour les jeunes
Studies on higher education choices and spatial labour markets
The right to decent work of persons with disabilities
Changing your job after 35 : the Daily Telegraph guide
The economics of disability
Transitions from school to work : globalization, individualization, and patterns of diversity
Training for a changing society : a report on current vocational education and training research in Europe
Getting a job abroad : the handbook for the international jobseeker: where the jobs are, how to get them
Summary and main recommendations (s. 9-20).
Youth training and the search for work
Transition from school-to-work in enlarged Europe
Integrating black African youths into the Finnish labour force : the Helsinki Municipality case study
Escape from work : freelancing youth and the challenge to corporate Japan
The redivision of labor : women and economic choice in four Guatemalan communities
From education to working life : the labour market outcomes of vocational education and training
Abstract: Life ahead - special education behind.
Higher education and corporate realities : class, culture and the decline of graduate careers
Employment opportunities of international business and engineering students and graduates in Southern Pirkanmaa region
Becoming a successful graphic designer
Museums : a place to work : planning museum careers
Developing employability for business
Jobs for youth : Norway = Des emplois pour les jeunes
Results of the 2007 membership survey of the Finnish Union of University Researchers and Teachers
Working knowledge : the new vocationalism and higher education
Between school and work : new perspectives on transfer and boundary-crossing
Jobs for youth : Netherlands = Des emplois pour les jeunes
For richer, for poorer : growing up in and out of work
From education to work : cross-national perspectives
This text aims to contribute to current debates on the labour market via an exploration of the significance of sexual and family relations in structuring employment. Through detailed studies of conditions of work in the British tourist industry, it shows how men and women are constituted as different kinds of "workers" in the labour market, not only when segregated in different occupations but also even when they are nominally located in the same jobs. This differentiation is shown to be connected to two key processes: the sexualization of women workers which locates women as sexual, as well as economic, workers; and the operation of family work relations within the sphere of employment, when women work as wives rather than waged labourers in the context of the contemporary labour market. These two processes are then drawn together to show the ways in which labour-market production is gendered.
Humanistien sijoittumisesta opettaja-ammatin ulkopuolelle = Om humanisterans placering i yrkeslivet utanför läraryrket = Graduates in humanities and their placement in occupations outside the field of teaching
An evaluation of the employment situation of foreign graduates and students from Åbo Akademi University
From higher education to employment = De l'enseignement supérieur a l'emploi. Vol. 2, Canada, Denmark, Spain, United States
Summary and main recommendations (s. 9-19).
Handbook of Vocational Rehabilitation and Disability Evaluation : Application and Implementation of the ICF
How visual artists find employment in the Finnish game industry
Summary and main recommendations (s. 11-20).
Increasing incentives for reemployment
Getting a job : a study of contacts and careers
Talking internationalization : development of cultural means at TKK
Surviving your social work placement
Great jobs for math majors
Jobs for youth : Korea = Des emplois pour les jeunes
Epistemic and learning cultures : wohin sich Universitäten entwickeln
Humanities graduates and the world of work
Employment opportunities and challenges for foreign degree students
The transition from the educational system to working life : use of national statistics
The Finnish graduate survey 1997 : monitoring the leaders of tomorrow. Executive summary
The aim of this study was to investigate how immigrants have integrated into Finnish life from the standpoints of employment. The empirical research material consisted of 30 interviews with immigrants and four interviews with of? cials and others dealing with immigrant affairs. Factors promoting employment of immigrants were the voluntary nature of the immigration, educational quali? cations as demonstrated by the relevant certi? cates and knowledge of the Finnish language. One in three reported that they had ? rst received information about vacancies from the Employment Of? ce, and one in ? ve by approaching the employer directly asking for work. One in seven had found out about jobs through friends. .
From higher education to employment = De l'enseignement supérieur a l'emploi. Volume 4, Portugal, United Kingdom, Sweden, Switzerland
Methodologies for recruitment services and vocational guidance : transnational report 2001.
Higher education and employment in the USSR and in the Federal Republic of Germany
Lamson's guide to business opportunities in Finland
The universum graduate survey 2001 : Finnish edition. National results
From education to work : report from Friskie EU -project
Education, training and employment. Vol. 1, Educated labour : the changing basis of industrial demand : a reader
Once upon a time i wanted to be..
Nice girls don't get the corner office : 101 unconscious mistakes women make that sabotage their careers
Nordic students abroad : student mobility patterns, student support systems and labour market outcomes
Career choices for veterinarians : beyond private practice
Theorizing cultural work : labour, continuity and change in the cultural and creative industries
Gendered work : sexuality, family and the labour market
Towards active citizenship : Friskie programme as a professional method for guidance
Living in Limbo : qualitative case study of skilled Iraqi asylum seekers in Finland
From higher education to employment = De l'enseignement supérieur a l'emploi. Vol. 1, Australia, Austria, Belgium, Germany
PBL in context : bridging work and education
Summary and main recommendations (s. 9-18).
The universum graduate survey 2001 : Finnish edition. University of Oulu report
Making their way : education, training and the labour market in Canada and Britain
Refugees with higher education and their integration into working life : comparative study between Finland and Norway
Education-jobs gap : underemployment or economic democracy
Gender and the transformation of rural work : the Finnish scene
English abstract: Academic career paths : the early career phases of generalists in the fields of humanities, social science and education in the 1980's and 1990's
Education, training and employment. Vol. 2, The educational response : a reader
The universum graduate survey 2000 : Finnish edition : monitoring the leaders of tomorrow. Nordic summary
From initial education to working life : making transitions work
This book provides a comprehensive discussion of the relationship between higher education and working life from three different perspectives: society, higher education and the world of work. The purpose of the volume is twofold: first, to critically analyse the relationship between higher education and working life, and second, to offer material that helps university teachers develop their teaching in a way that their students will be better prepared for challenges of the continuously changing world. The chapters discuss the interplay between education and work both from the societal point of.
INTEGRATION OF THE INTERNATIONAL STUDENTS OF KYMENLAAKSO UNIVERSITY OF APPLIED SCIENCES INTO THE LOCAL SMEs
The global resume and CV guide
Education and employment in Northern Europe: Finland, the Netherlands, Norway and Sweden : reports from the AGCAS European Sub-committee Study Workshop held in Harrogate, July 1997.
Higher education and working life : collaborations, confrontations and challenges
Effect of internships as part of studies and preparation for entering work force
Education and labor market integration : the role of formal education in the process of ensuring a place in the occupational structure for natives and immigrants
The universum graduate survey 1999 : Finnish edition : monitoring the leaders of tomorrow. Main report
Students, courses and jobs : the relationship between higher education and the labour market
Exclusion from work and studies - a problem for first generation immigrants
Dispersion of engineers in a transitional society : Swedish technicians 1860-1940
Higher education and employment : an international comparative analysis : (an IIEP research project)
The illusion of the prolongation of youth
The career potential of migrant scholars in Finnish higher education : emerging perspectives and dynamics
Everyday language policies : embodiment of language-related experiences of Finnish women in Sweden
Study abroad and early career : experiences of former Erasmus students
Developing graduate employability skills : your pathway to employment
Socio-economic security, justice and the psychology of social relationships
A nagging sense of job insecurity : the new reality facing Japanese youth
Stuff I wish I'd known when I started working
Power and the professions : a study of career-lines in Canada
Brilliant employability skills: how to stand our from the crowd in the graduate job market
The hands-on guide to midwifery placements
Quality Assurance of International Work Placements in Kymenlaakso University of Applied Sciences Business Department
Education in Finland
The universum graduate survey 2002 : Finnish edition. University report, Oulun yliopisto
Nutrition and dietetics : practice and future trends
Preparing for working life : effects of group counseling on adolescents' career development and mental health
From higher education to employment = De l'enseignement supérieur a l'emploi. Vol. 3, Finland, France, Italy, Japan, Netherlands, Norway
Becoming visible : women's presence in late nineteenth-century America
The interaction between artists' professional training and employment in the field of Finnish theatre
Summary and main recommendations (s. 11-22).
The universum graduate survey 2003 : Finnish edition. University report, Oulun yliopisto
Getting a job abroad : the handbook for the international job seeker
The doctor of nursing practice : a guidebook for role development and professional issues
Careers and identities
The work related curriculum : challenging the vocational imperative
Careers of university graduates : views and experiences in comparative perspectives
School-leavers and their prospects : youth in the labour market in the 1980s
Enhancing the employability of international graduates during education - a case study based on finnish universities of applied sciences
Immigrants’ Paths to Employment in Finland
Aspiration to work : an analysis of obstacles for employment experienced by foreign professionals in Finland
How to get a job in Europe : a guide to employment opportunities and contacts
Education and work for the year 2000 : choices we face
Empowering the young of Europe to meet labour market challenges : findings from study visits 2009/10
Career choices in psychology
Recurrent education, earnings, and well-being : a fifty-year longitudinal study of a cohort of swedish men
The school/work nexus : transition of youth from school to work
What do we know about our graduates? : graduate analyses for forest sciences and related curricula : proceedings of the Silva Network Conference held at the Faculty of Life Sciences, University of Copenhagen, Denmark, May 15th - May 17th, 2008
The motivations, values and aspirations of students in initial vocational education towards the world of work
The Finnish graduate survey 1997 : monitoring the leaders of tomorrow. [Rengaskansio]
Pathways to success : how knowledge and skills at age 15 shape future lives in Canada
Peruskoulun seurantatutkimus = A follow-up study of comprehensive school pupils. 2, Peruskoulutuksen jälkeen eri paikkoihin sijoittuneiden nuorten ominaisuuksien kuvailua = Description of the personality traits of youn people with different placement after the comprehensive school
Abstract.
Applying career development theory to counseling
The politics of multicultural encounters : feminist postcolonial perspectives
Making vocational choices : a theory of vocational personalities and work environments
Education, training and employment dynamics : transitional labour markets in the European Union
Becoming adult : how teenagers prepare for the world of work
Placement of young elementary school teachers : the first seven in-service years of a sample of young Finnish teachers
Trends and issues in career education 1988
Personal, academic and career development in higher education : SOARing to success
Empirical studies on labor market matching
Jobs for youth : Canada = Des emplois pour les jeunes
Creative thinkers
From disability to ability : national programme of action for vocational rehabilitation and employment of disabled persons
Working without hearing : How to keep your job or find a new one when you have become profoundly deaf
This study examines the possibilities of TKK's international degree students to find a job in Finland after their studies. The main purpose of this study is to improve TKK's cultural communication in terms of work life preparation for international degree students and to analyze their proficiency in the Finnish labour market. The primary research question of this study is: How can the job hunting process for international TKK students be improved? Secondary questions include: What strengths and weaknesses do international employees bring to an organization? How can they use their strengths to convince employers that they are potentially good employees? How can TKK's Career Services for international students be improved?    Altogether 14 persons contributed to this research process - three persons from TKK's personnel, nine international students and two company personnel. The data gathering process was carried out by using structured interviews and online questionnaires. The interviewees from TKK are all involved in the internationalization process at TKK, the students are international students currently studying at TKK and company personnel belongs to companies who are usually contacted by TKK on employment issues. The theoretical framework was based on a handbook of modern communication theory by Crowley & Mitchell. According to the research the Internet is the best means of communicating to students. It is reliable and can be easily updated. Information should be given to the students in a diplomatic and honest manner. It is important to inform them tactfully about their strengths and weaknesses by encouraging them to utilize the former as a benefit for the employer and to see the latter as a challenge that they can learn from. In this way they gain confidence and awareness, which helps them to convince employers of their uniqueness and cultural knowledge, which are things needed for modern companies operating on an international level.
The Selection Tests Web Application
Disabled youth : from school to work
Education and the world of work
Disabled youth and employment
Predictability of the length of educational routes and the development of career lines
The Nordic labour markets in the 1990's. 2
The education of the handicapped adolescent : the transition from school to working life
An introduction to the sociology of work and occupations
The Finnish graduate survey 1998 : monitoring the leaders of tomorrow : main report
Women and democracy in cold war Japan
Helia's business tourism graduates' recruitment and positioning in travel management sector
Transition from school to work : new challenges for youth with severe disabilities
Attitudes of people from minority ethnic communities towards a career in the police service
The universum graduate survey 2000 : Finnish edition : monitoring the leaders of tomorrow. University of Oulu, university report
Scenarios for the Finnish paper engineer's job up to 2025
