http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12913 change management (leadership)
change management (leadership) management by change
Implementing customer relationship management in sales organization : case Company X
The critical path to corporate renewal
Abstract.
"What's the worst thing you can hear when you have a good idea at work? "That's not how we do it here!""--
How to implement E-tool effectively
Changing employee behavior : a practical guide for managers
Diagnosing and changing organizational culture : based on the competing values framework
Practical business re-engineering
Analysing the challenges and effects of a process change
The role of communication during changes case: KuntaPro Oy
Managing the dynamics of change : the fastest path to creating an engaged and productive workforce
Real change leaders : how you can create growth and high performance at your company
The leadership assignment : creating change
Starting up your skilled trade business enterprise : EFQM 2010 : self-assessment work book : 31 probing questions and contrasting pairs of examples
Organizational Justice During Strategic Change : The Employee's Perspective
Process engineering and industrial management
Change management excellence : putting NLP to work
That's not how we do it here! : a story about how organizations rise and fall--and can rise again
That's not how we do it here : a story about how organizations rise and fall - and can rise again
The connected leader : creating agile organizations for people, performance and profit
The art of turnaround management : the challenges of change in the paper industry
Managing change in libraries and information services
The co-creation edge : harnessing big data to transform sales and procurement for business innovation
The Wiley-Blackwell handbook of the psychology of leadership, change, and organizational development
Understand the theory and practice of AI, World Cafe, Open Space and other conversational approaches for facilitating organizational development (OD) with the new edition of this popular book.
IT integration after an acquisition or a merger : how corporations could enhance their IT acquisition integration processes
Lean in transactional processes of NSN
Lasting change : the shared values process that makes companies great
The role of commitment in software process improvement
Intrapreneurship excellence criteria : self-assessment work book : 37 probing questions and contrasting pairs of examples : how to identify intrapreneurial ways of thinking and acting
The executive guide to corporate restructuring
The dream society : how the coming shift from information to imagination will transform your business
Systems thinking, system dynamics : managing change and complexity
Winning : the answers : confronting 74 of the toughest questions in business today
The impact of change on employees' motivation
Total management thinking
"In Persuadable, you'll learn how Ray Dalio became the most successful hedge fund manager in the world by strategically curbing confidence. How Alan Mullaly saved Ford Motor Company, not by staying the course, but by continually changing course. How one Nobel Prize-winning scientist discovered the cause of ulcers by bravely doubting his own entrenched beliefs. You'll learn how Billy Graham's change of heart helped propel the civil rights movement, and how a young NFL linebacker's radical new position may prove to alter the world of professional football as we know it. Offers the seven practices of persuadable leaders. "
Human-based change leadership model proposal : Case-study: Product Creation Renewal program in large, global enterprise
"Understanding how employees' brains work enables organizations to build cultures, design structures and processes that help people to be more innovative, productive and engaged. This has lasting impact in terms of meeting business objectives and becoming an employer of choice. We need to change the way we manage change in organizations: by understanding the brain we can do this better. Neuroscience brings a new lens through which to look at people and to understand why they react to situations in a certain way, what they need from work relationships to perform at their best, and how they might be better motivated. Neuroscience for Organizational Change not only provides evidence that will persuade the most sceptical of leaders but also provides many practical examples of how to apply the insights. The book provides a 'win-win': it will enable the organization to improve performance and also help to support the mental and emotional well-being of employees. Amongst other areas, Neuroscience for Organizational Change explores why we find organizational change difficult and what we can do to keep people focused and performing at their best. It looks at our need for social connection at work, the essential role that leaders and managers play, how best to manage emotions and reduce bias to avoid making flawed decisions, and why we need communication, involvement and storytelling to help us through change. It also sets out a new science-based planning tool, SPACES, to enhance motivation"--
Agent of change : leading a cultural revolution
Essentials of organizational behavior
Introduction to management
Co-written by a certified Project Management Professional and an M.D., Project Management, for Healthcare Information Technology presents an effective methodology that encompasses standards and best practices from project management, information technology management, and change management for a streamlined transition to digital medicine.
Equal leadership in municipal reforms : towards individual change management
Change is now so commonplace that people no longer talk in terms of the "whitewater epoch". Every sector of the economies of the developed world has experienced huge swathes of change in the last decade of the twentieth century alone. Increased global competition, aided and abetted by technological advances, has led many organizations to seek to re-invent themselves in the hope of being able to survive and thrive. In mature sectors in particular, where the pace of consolidation is accelerating, organizations have had little option but to grow through acquisition or be absorbed. Whether the change is labelled "continuous process improvement", "restructuring", "downsizing" or re-engineering", to employees, change usually brings with it added pressures, job insecurity and a consequent loss of commitment to the organization. Understanding Change: theory, implementation and success argues that strategic change in the new millennium will be geared increasingly to achieving sustainable high performance, rather than just short-term gains. Most theorists now agree that the real challenge of change lies in gaining employees" willingness to commit to the change effort. Change leaders at every level need to be able to understand the elements at work in any change process, and to use judgement about the style of leadership required to give the change effort the best chance of success. Understanding Change: theory, implementation and success provides an overview of change and organizational theory, leading in particular to the author"s definition of the "input" elements of the high performance organisation, based on extensive research into UK and international organisations. It also contains a section looking at the management of change, with case studies illustrating approaches to managing change which are conducive to achieving sustainable high performance. In her companion book, The High Performance Organization- creating dynamic stability, the author explores some of the "how to"s" of building an organizational culture which is supportive of high performance in today"s challenging environment.
Holacracy : the new management system for a rapidly changing world
Discursive constructions of climate change engagement in business organisations
Leadership agility : five levels of mastery for anticipating and initiating change
Management revolution and corporate reinvention
Change management in voluntary organisation : program reform in Finnish scout movement
The Chameleon Manager
"Organization Development is concerned with using planned and systematic approaches to help develop more effective organizations. This is done by taking an objective look at how an organization is operating, gathering information and then deciding on the most appropriate action to help that organization change and develop. Written by two of the leading experts in the field, Organization Development defines OD and describes how it can be used effectively in today's economy to create organizations which maximise organizational capability. The authors provide practical advice on using diagnostics techniques to identify an organization's needs and explain how to use them across a range of areas including change, culture and organization design. Bridging the gap between theory and practice, Organization Development provides a wealth of helpful advice for OD practitioners, HR professionals and those with an interest in helping develop their organization"--
Fundamentals of a New Era ́s Responsive Education Institute : Case X Institute
The healthy organization : a revolutionary approach to people and management
Managing organizational change : a practical toolkit for leaders
Management of communication in change situations to keep motivation
Outsourcing and management : why the market benchmark will topple old school management styles
The corporate culture survival guide
Introducing new software tool  : Guidelines for introducing new software tool to a team. Case study
Relevance of scope management and organizational change management in IT deployment projects
Designing your life : how to build a well-lived, joyful life
Each management discipline is examined in detail and defined as a set of knowledge areas. The book then describes the core processes that take place within each knowledge area in the initiating, planning, executing, controlling, and closing stages of a project. Real-world examples from healthcare information technology project leaders identify how the integrated approach presented in this book leads to successful project implementations.
Lean transformation : how to change your business into a lean enterprise
ERP post-implementation support in case company
Six Sigma-based change management program at Hotel Kämp
Persuadable : how great leaders change their minds to change the world
Pilot Project in Coordination Department : Case: Coordination department. Company x
Production System Lean Transformation : Case: Merivaara Oy
Learning for organizational development : how to design, deliver and evaluate effective L&D
Change by design : how design thinking transforms organizations and inspires innovation
Managing change step by step : all you need to build a plan and make it happen
Trans-cultural leadership for transformation
Change management : strategies for Australian organisations
Managing the unexpected : sustained performance in a complex world
Communication and Change Management
Black box thinkers see failure as the very best way to learn. They interrogate their errors as part of their future strategy for success. Using case studies, interviews and practical takeaways, Matthew Syed explains how to turn failure into success.
The art and science of leadership
Internal process development for Nissan Nordic Europe Oy
The Effect of Formal Change Management Communication to Resistance to Change : the Case of a New Faculty
Managing the change of organizational culture in cross-border mergers and acquisitions : the role of post-acquisition integration in organizational culture change
Institutional theory and organizational change
Appreciative inquiry for change management : using AI to facilitate organizational development
Strategic benefits realization : optimizing value through programs, portfolios and organizational change management
The new ecology of leadership : business mastery in a chaotic world
Making change irresistible : overcoming resistance to change in your organization
Agile by design : an implementation guide to analytic lifecycle management
Learning enablers, learning outcomes, learning paths, and their relationships in organizational learning and change
Dynamic capabilities : how organizational structures affect knowledge processes
Abstract: The aim of this study was to map issues related to change management and voluntary work. The study was undertaken to understand what factors affect successful change management especially in voluntary organizations. A further aim was to study how program reform Ohjelmauudistus 2010 in Guides and Scouts of Finland was managed. A critical review of existing literature and research in the fields of change management and volunteering was conducted. An online survey to active members of the association aimed to clarify the thoughts of the members about the program reform. The results of the survey were compared to the closing report of the project to see whether the perceptions about the success of the project were consistent among the members and the working group. According to the results of the research, the opinions of the members and the working group seem to be congruent. Areas that were identified in the closing report to be successful were the same that the members were satisfied with. The only exception here is the satisfaction with communication. However, there are considerable geographical differences in the attitudes.
Provides a realistic approach to implementing benefits realization management in organizations that is aligned to PMI's Standard for Program Management and other global standards, and is presented in the context of program and portfolio management.
The future of work : attract new talent, build better leaders, and create a competitive organization
In recent years the continuity of many firms has been achieved by restructuring, a task which takes up a great deal of senior management's time. Written for busy managers and executives, this book is a practical guide to the process of restructuring, covering both debt and operational restructures.
Neuroscience for organizational change : an evidence-based practical guide to managing change
Corporate recovery : managing companies in distress
"What's the worst thing you can hear when you have a good idea at work? "That's not how we do it here!"  In their iconic bestseller Our Iceberg Is Melting, John Kotter and Holger Rathgeber used a simple fable about penguins to explain the process of lead&shy;ing people through major changes. Now, ten years later, they're back with another must-read story that will help any team or organization cope with their biggest challenges and turn them into exciting opportunities.  Once upon a time a clan of meerkats lived in the Kalahari, a region in southern Africa. After years of steady growth, a drought has sharply reduced the clan's resources, and deadly vulture attacks have increased. As things keep getting worse, the har&shy;mony of the clan is shattered. The executive team quarrels about possible solutions, and sugges&shy;tions from frontline workers face a soul-crushing response: "That's not how we do it here!"  So Nadia, a bright and adventurous meerkat, hits the road in search of new ideas to help her trou&shy;bled clan. She discovers a much smaller group that operates very differently, with much more teamwork and agility. These meerkats have developed innova&shy;tive solutions to find food and evade the vultures. But not everything in this small clan is as perfect as it seems at first.  Can Nadia figure out how to combine the best of both worlds--a large, disciplined, well-managed clan and a small, informal, inspiring clan--before it's too late?   This book distills Kotter's decades of experi&shy;ence and award-winning research to reveal why organizations rise and fall, and how they can rise again in the face of adversity"--
Planning, implementation and communication in a top-down change effort
The commissioner of this thesis wanted to modify and re-launch the MOC concept within their organization due to the internal and external misinterpretations of the MOC service agreements.  The main goal of this study is therefore to ensure that the stakeholders within the case company`s Service division understand the concept of the modified MOC and this is approached by developing an internal communication (IC) strategy to identify a feasible implementation plan and IC tools for the re-launch of MOC. The author is working for the commissioner and developed during his internship time a new IC strategy based on the prevailing situation. The result of the strategy development process shows that a feasible MOC implementation plan can be reached when it has clear objectives, assignment allocations with deadlines and no overloaded action. Other requirements are that it should be able to implement within a short time frame and as well as be achievable and measurable. The main IC tools in order to communicate the change include electronic newsletter and face to face meetings whereas sub tools of discussion list, paper newsletter and intranet. The outcome covered the commissioner`s needs and requirements, thus it will be fully implemented in early summer.
New role, new reality : the path to mastery : how to deliver results when merger, acquisition, promotion, transfer, or a move to a new organization changes your world
The purpose of this thesis was to study how to better implement change on an operational level in the Finnish office of an international logistics company which is going through a major organizational restructuring program. The research data was acquired by carrying out a survey among the operational personnel of the company. The research method has been quantitative research, although the survey had two open ended questions in which respondents were able to provide feed-back about the transformation process in their own words. The theoretical framework of this study is comprised of John Kotter's and Jim Collins' views on change management. Kotter's 8 stage model of change process provides an excellent overview of all the details that go into implementing a successful change. Collins has studied numerous companies which have gone through a major transformation and managed to become industry leaders. Results of this research show that an enormous organizational restructuring can be extremely difficult to execute. The organization has been able to sustain a high rate of urgency which helps a great deal in change process, but there are some shortcomings in communication and employee empowerment. Supporting the urgency within the organization should be the main focus in the future, as the transformation process has been put on hold. Before the change program moves forward the issues with communication and employee empowerment should be fixed. In order to do so, there needs to be more hands on communication where the employees are clearly demonstrated with the benefits of the change.
Making sense of change management
Organizational culture in action : a cultural analysis workbook
Managing change in IT outsourcing : towards a dynamic fit model
Lean startups for social change : the revolutionary path to big impact
"What is strategic leadership? How can it be the key to organizational success? Strategic Leadership Development addresses the key issues of how organizations build leadership capability. Focusing on the behavioural aspects of leadership, it looks at how both individuals and organizations can develop leadership talent, and how leaders can influence and shape the strategic direction of an organization as a whole. --
Organizational change and global standardization : solutions to standards and norms overwhelming organizations
Transformative leadership : primer
Making sense of change management : a complete guide to the models, tools and techniques of organizational change
Emissions mitigation in New Zealand dairy farming : a delphi study
Understanding organizational change
Change your business with NLP : powerful tools to improve your organisation's performance and get results
Research on the management of innovation : the Minnesota studies
Exploring strategic change
Change Management in Voluntary Organisation : Program reform in Finnish scout movement
The management shift : how to harness the power of people and transform your organization for sustainable success
This innovative text considers the personal qualities of successful entrepreneurs and the manner in which they do business. It demonstrates how these qualities can be replicated to form an organisational architecture that encourages entrepreneurship at all levels within a company.
Organizational change : an action-oriented toolkit
Moments of impact : how to design strategic conversations that accelerate change
Manager's guide to virtual teams
Our iceberg is melting : changing and succeeding under any conditions
This volume provides a comprehensive treatment of the principles, theories, constructs, and strategies in organizational development and change management. Developed as a companion to other texts in the Wiley-Blackwell Handbooks in Organizational Psychology series, this handbook focuses on the theories and ideas that inspire and support the practice and strategy of these areas of study. Appropriate for graduate students as well as faculty, the Handbook will be a useful tool for teaching the theories and strategies that provide key background for successful organizational leaders.
Making change work : how to create behavioural change in organizations to drive impact and ROI
Corporate entrepreneurship : innovation and strategy in large organizations
Competence and employment forum : linking HRD and HRM
Error management system change in Nokia S60 Devices organization
Budgeting and forecasting application development : an evaluation
A critical area of competitive advantage is the ability of organisations to lead rather than follow changes in the market. This book brings together all the different roles and functions within an organisation that a leader has to manage effectively to ensure successful and sustainable organisational change
Bridging current theory with practical applications, Organizational Change combines conceptual models with concrete examples and useful exercises to dramatically improve the knowledge, skills, and abilities of students in creating effective change. You will learn to identify needs, communicate a powerful vision, and engage others in the process.
Change management in developing operation reporting : case Army Materiel Command
Building dragons : digital transformation in the experience economy
Being able to change to keep pace with a rapidly changing world is the key to business success in the '90s. Enlightened Leadership is a practical, hands-on guide to breaking through the barriers to organizational change. Doug Krug and Ed Oakley show why most efforts at change fail -- and they provide leaders with proven methods for getting their people moving in the right direction. The key lies in showing those who would be change agents how to capitalize on their organization's greatest asset: the under-utilized talent, expertise, and energy of its existing staff. The authors' program is based on maximizing the contributions of all employees -- by sharing information, decision-making, and planning with them -- creating a shared culture of organizational goals, strategies, and methods. Managers and leaders at all levels -- from small business owners to corporate strategists -- can use Oakley and Krug's proven techniques, including planning, communication, and motivational tools, to support their employees in effecting the positive changes that will make the difference in achieving their organizations' bottom-line goals.
An unAmerican business : the rise of the new European enterprise
The main objective of this research-based thesis was to understand how well employ-ees were supported and managed during their role as part of a major change initiative, and how this has influenced their engagement to the case organization. Two theories were drawn upon to support the empirical study and they provided the foundation for the theoretical framework. Change Management served as the primary theory, and Employee Engagement was selected as the secondary theory due to its influence on, and relationship with the successful implementation, management and integration of organizational change. The theoretical framework was further supported with recent reports published by leading practitioners in the human resources community. The empirical study targeted personnel working directly on the change project in a number of project teams spread out across the globe, in addition to personnel who were working independently as the person in charge (PIC) in specific areas of the pro-ject. The research design comprised of a quantitative and qualitative web-based survey questionnaire, administered on November 25th, 2013. The key findings of the survey revealed that overall the change project had been effec-tively managed and supported at all levels of the organization from the perspective of the project team members. A generally positive response to questions surrounding engagement led me to believe the case organization is successfully ensuring that person-nel feel valued and involved in their current roles. The main development suggestions for the case company based on the results of the survey propose the following:  - improvement of the effectiveness and timeliness of communication  - further development of personnel through change management training  - additional clarity with the realignment of goals and objectives  - ensuring personnel are able to balance their full workload.
Six sigma for leadership : Seven principles of problem-solving technology to achieve significant financial results
Managing corporate lifecycles
Organization change : creating new business line merging two corporation’s units into one
Constructing the best culture to perform
Change management in procurement projects : a force field analysis
Innovating professional services : transforming value and efficiency
The executive checklist : a guide for setting direction and managing change
Organization development : a practitioner's guide for OD and HR
Leading change management : Leadership strategies that really work
Project management for healthcare information technology
Leading libraries : how to create a service culture
Floating collections : a collection development model for long-term success
Changing the HR strategy of the Finnish National Board of Education : reviewing the change process
Black box thinking : the surprising truth about success (and why some people never learn from their mistakes)
Communication as change management vehicle : how to improve change receptivity with organisational communications
Talent : making people your competitive advantage
Organisation development : metaphorical explorations
Creating a model for identification and motivation of innovation champions
Abstract: The purpose of the thesis was to identify if there are less known factors affecting employees' willingness to adopt a new IM tool, in this case CRM. It is obvious the tool itself can always be improved but it may not explain all the reluctance usually involved in adoption of such IM implementations. This thesis researched the problem in a technology company Wärtsilä Corporation focusing on Ship Power business. It is quite common that the implementation of CRM fails, which is confirmed by numerous examples in CRM literature. CRM is a change management project and therefore both change management and internal marketing were investigated as a part of the research. First 5 in-depth interviews were conducted in Ship Power to be able to define which elements seem to discourage the adoption of CRM most. The interviews gave ideas how quantitative research questions could be phrased concerning technology, processes and leadership. E-questionnaire was sent to 76 respondents based on stratified sample. 46 responses were received. The results revealed that despite recognizing CRM a good tool in Wärtsilä Ship Power there are still some developments to be made on technology. Managers' commitment seems to be on a good level, but there are still some defects in the leadership, which should be tackled. It is evident that employee commitment is a significant factor for successful CRM implementation. Mere technology, however advanced it is, cannot guarantee the success. Consequently affective commitment to change of the employees is worth of pursuing.
Business process management : practical guidelines to successful implementations
Transformation into platform : How can an organization move to single-sided business to platforms? A case study at Lyyti
Expert system implementation : Managing change in an international expert system implemention process
Change management : the role of internal communication in facilitating change, case: Lufthansa Cargo
The EFQM excellence model for entrepreneurs : self-assessment work book : what separates the successful from the average?
Added value of intangibles for organizational innovation
External networked learning in anticipating change : the case of a Finnish vocational educational organization
Throughout the history of business employees had to adapt to managers and managers had to adapt to organizations. In the future this is reversed with managers and organizations adapting to employees. This means that in order to succeed and thrive organizations must rethink and challenge everything they know about work. The demographics of employees are changing and so are employee expectations, values, attitudes, and styles of working. Conventional management models must be replaced with leadership approaches adapted to the future employee. Organizations must also rethink their traditional structure, how they empower employees, and what they need to do to remain competitive in a rapidly changing world. This is a book about how employees of the future will work, how managers will lead, and what organizations of the future will look like. -- Publisher website.
Defining and the success factors in Chain 2000 logistics project
Staying well in an unstable world of work : prospective cohort study of the determinants of employee well-being
Transformative Leadership: A Primer both delivers an overview of transformative leadership and also clearly distinguishes it from other popular approaches to leadership. Hence, this will be the text of choice for many graduate courses in educational leadership. Carolyn M. Shields shows how the tenets of transformative leadership interact with one another, and how they provide a lens for leadership that offers an excellent, inclusive, equitable, and socially just education for all students. Using anecdotes and narratives drawn from empirical research, as well as current data, Dr. Shields establishes how transformative leadership comprises a comprehensive approach to leadership in highly diverse contexts, and how it can empower students who are traditionally marginalized due to race, ethnicity, sexual orientation and gender identity, home language, or religion. Accepting a mandate for educational change, reconstructing knowledge frameworks, and redistributing power in more equitable ways are starting points for transformative leaders. Changing the structures, cultures, curricula, and pedagogies of the school to be more democratic and emancipatory; acknowledging our interconnectedness and interdependence with global neighbors; and accepting responsibility for promoting both public and private good are processes that implement the transformation. Taken together, these changes cannot be accomplished without considerable collaboration, conversation, and moral courage. No leader wanting to promote excellence and equity for all should be without this primer that offers a new way of thinking about all aspects of schooling, from facilities and fiscal issues to academic programs and school policy. Transformative leadership offers a promising and robust theory of change for all situations and contexts.
"Doing inspires".
Analysis of the operational mode of the organization
A new tried and tested model for leadership to help managers improve engagement, remove barriers to innovation and uncover the hidden strengths of every company's greatest asset: their workforce
Effects of management behavior on employee emotions : a case study
Enlightened leadership : getting to the heart of change
Calling a halt to mindless change : a plea for commonsense management
Challenges and opportunities for business advantage in Finnish pellet industries : results on literature review and retailer survey
Business process reengineering : automation decision points in process reengineering
The new era of customer experience in the omni-channel environment of a communication service provider
Product development for the lean enterprise : why Toyota's system is four times more productive and how you can implement it
Intelligent leadership : creating a passion for change
Leading a change in mobile workplace transformation
The best practices for the customer service team in the Packaging Paper Department at UPM-Kymmene Tervasaari
Agency-centred coupling - a better way to manage an educational organization?
Change management related to introducing new products within Wärtsilä Finland's technical information unit
How to better implement change on an operational level
Project manager's spotlight on change management
This book presents a new management model that has evolved in Silicon Valley. The future will favor companies that can migrate to a management model, better suited for the times. The abilities to remain entrepreneurial and innovate constantly will be essential for all companies in an innovation economy. However, most firms still use industrial-age management models that are not suited to attracting and energizing entrepreneurial talent. This book imbibes latest results from a year-long study of Google's approaches to management, and finds similar principles being applied at companies including, Facebook, LinkedIn, Twitter, Tesla Motors, and Apigee. By distilling on the aspects that work across a variety of innovative firms, the authors present a synthesis that could have profound implications for managers everywhere." -- Back cover.
Switch : how to change things when change is hard
Change Management Competence - Key Contributor to Project Success : Case: Nokia Solutions Networks / key project managers
How to manage people
Benefit realisation management : a practical guide for achieving benefits through change
Implementation plan of an internal communication strategy
Abstract: The purpose of this thesis was to measure the present state of the change communication  in a limited liability company, KuntaPro Oy. More specifically it was wanted  to be seen if the messages sent from the company reached unchanged to the personnel.  KuntaPro Oy wanted to know if there were differences in the way the middle management  and KuntaPro Oy communicated changes. These differences were pursued  by executing a survey for the personnel.  The theory part of the thesis helped to compose the questions in the survey. For understanding  the outcome of the survey the theory was also used and furthermore in  the proposals. Kurt Lewin's change model and force field analysis were also used in  understanding the needs of the personnel.  The outcome of the survey did reveal the state of the change communication in  KuntaPro Oy at present and it also provided usable information for improving the  change communication in the future In KuntaPro Oy.
Implementing excellence in your health care organization : managing, leading and collaborating
The Silicon Valley model : management for entrepreneurship
Change management efficiency in global operations : case: Company X
A framework for managing operative change : change and its management in supply chain development project: a case study
Leadership pure and simple : how transformative leaders create winning organizations
Organization development and transformation : managing effective change
The transforming leader : new approaches to leadership for the twenty-first century
"From Michael Armstrong, HR expert and best-selling author, comes this new edition of the business staple, How to Manage People. Providing valuable insight into the functions and skills required to be an effective manager - from how to manage teams to successful recruitment - it will help you get the best from your staff through motivation, reward and leadership. With three brand new chapters on managing virtual teams, enhancing employee engagement and managing conflict, it is full of easily applicable advice as well as practical tools and checklists. Essential reading for anyone who wants to get the best from their teams, How to Manage People distills the essence of good management into one handy book. With over one million copies sold, the hugely popular Creating Success series covers a wide variety of topic, with the latest editions including new chapters such as Tough Conversations and Treating People Right. This indispensable business skills collection is suited to a variety of roles, from someone looking to develop their time management skills for a society committee role, to someone with a business idea looking to build a strategic plan"--
Strategic leadership development : building world-class performance
Change : learn to love it, learn to lead it
Implementing change : patterns, principles, and potholes
A guide for new executives that explores how to create an overarching, enterprise-wide transformative program. The book provides a best-practice checklist for 8 core areas: Strategy Setting, Technology Alignment, Business Renovation, Project Management, Communications Renewal, Employee Engagement, Staff Transformation, and Organizational Design.
Values shift : a guide to personal & organizational transformation
Understanding change : theory, implementation and success
"A new edition of the classic business parable that has sold more than a million copies since 2006. Our Iceberg Is Melting is a simple fable about doing well in an ever-changing world. Based on the award-winning work of Harvard's John Kotter, it is a story that has been used to help thousands of people and organizations. The fable is about a penguin colony in Antarctica. A group of beautiful emperor pen&shy;guins live as they have for many years. Then one curious bird discovers a potentially devastating problem threatening their home--and pretty much no one listens to him. The characters in the story, Fred, Alice, Louis, Buddy, the Professor, and NoNo, are like people we recognize--even ourselves. Their tale is one of resistance to change and heroic action, seemingly intractable obstacles and the most clever tactics for dealing with those obstacles. It's a story that is occurring in different forms all around us today--but the penguins handle the very real challenges a great deal better than most of us. Our Iceberg Is Melting is based on pioneer&shy;ing work that shows how Eight Steps produce needed change in any sort of group. It's a story that can be enjoyed by anyone while at the same time providing invaluable guidance for a world that just keeps moving faster and faster"--
The Development of Information Transferring Processes : For managing the machine’s specification and engineering changes
Experiences about change and its management : early stage of change process
Reinventing management : smarter choices for getting work done
The mobile phone business is in transformation and so is Nokia as well. It means that rapid changes are needed almost constantly and it is affecting the employees more or less dramatically. Organizations are forced to change and more efficiency is wanted. These rapid changes need good management and strong personalities in charge who are able to coach the employees through the changes and without jeopardizing the performance too much. The purpose of this Thesis was to study the operational mode of the Nokia Salo Hardware organization before and after the big organizational change which took place in 2009. The research made before the organizational change gave a good background for the further research after the organizational change. The purpose was to study how the organizational change affected the job profiles of the employees, responsibilities, the working methods, the co-operation between different teams and information sharing. This Thesis was qualitative in nature and was conducted in close co-operation with the Salo Hardware organization. The research methods were interviews, group interviews, meetings, discussions and the literature overview. The research strategies used in the study were the survey research and case study research strategies. As results, there were some deficiencies found in the operation of the Salo Hardware organization. There were improvements needed at least in the information sharing, in the job profiles of the Project Managers, in the project organization structures and in the change management. Based on the results of this Thesis, new information sharing meetings were started and the job profiles of the project managers were made clearer along with the unified project organizations in Salo. The changes made based on this Thesis brought some more unity to the Salo Hardware organization and clarity after the dramatic organizational change.
Managing local social services in reforms : challenges to the leadership of human resource management
How to make strategy work for you : self-assessment work book for SME's : 36 searching questions and contrasting pairs of examples : what separetes the successful from the average
Schools that learn : a fifth discipline fieldbook for educators, parents, and everyone who cares about education
An important part of every manager's job is changing people's behavior: to improve someone's performance, get them to better manage relationships with colleagues, or to stop them doing something. Yet, despite the fact that changing people's behavior is such an important skill for managers, too many are unsure how to actually go about it. This book reveals the simple, but powerful techniques for changing behavior that experts from a range of disciplines have been using for years, making them available to all managers in a single and comprehensive toolkit for change that managers can use to drive and improve the performance of their staff. Based on research conducted for this book, it introduces practical techniques drawn from the fields of psychology, psychotherapy, and behavioral economics, and show how they can be applied to address some of the most common, every-day challenges that managers face. #changingpeople.
Beyond change management : advanced strategies for today's transformational leaders
Inside the nudge unit : how small changes can make a big difference
SELL IT SAP UPGRADE IMPLEMENTATION - SHOULD CHANGE MANAGEMENT BE AS EXTENSIVE AS THE EFFECT OF THE CHANGE?
Change management competence - key contributor to project success : case: Nokia Solutions Networks / key project managers
"Organization development is the systematic method of taking an objective look at how an organization is operating and gathering information, and then deciding on the most appropriate action to help that organization develop and improve. Written by two leading experts in the field, this updated second edition of Organization Development includes new coverage of complexity and chaos theory, new case studies describing OD practices and attitudes in countries outside of the U.S. and U.K., and new chapters on change and culture and employee engagement and wellbeing. The authors have also re-structured the book's format, creating greater cross-referencing between the HR and OD sections and an added emphasis on the collaborations between OD and HR functions. "--
The principles and practice of change
Via - vision into action : the leader's guide to driving change in turbulent times
Choosing change : how leaders and organizations drive results one person at a time
"As the pace of change in organizations increases, leaders and HR personnel must support their employees, show understanding as to why employees might react in a certain way, what they need from their working relationships, and how staff might be better motivated. Neuroscience can offer insights into all these issues. Neuroscience for Organizational Change shows how to take the findings from neuroscience and put them into action by looking at the importance of communicating change effectively through storytelling, explaining how better understanding of the brain enables better planning of organizational change, managing emotions, and creating a feeling of social connection that employees can draw on for support during times of change. Each chapter includes illustrations, solutions and examples of what other companies have done, and questions/checklist at the end"--
Managing change : Case study: HAMK University of Applied Sciences, Valkeakoski
Employee commitment to CRM implementation : Case: Wärtsilä Ship Power
"Appreciative Inquiry (AI) is one of the most exciting and increasingly recognized concepts being used to facilitate organizational change. This book studies AI in depth, illustrating the method of asking particular questions and envisioning the future, encouraging staff to consider both the positive and negative systems in place and to recognize the need to implement change. It demonstrates how AI can be practically applied by combining the skills, perspectives and approaches presented here into a practical conversational approach to organizational challenges. It also takes a look at other techniques used to create change through conversation. Case studies from organizations that have already integrated conversational methods into their change management practice show why the processes are valuable, why they are effective, and how to generate such conversations yourself. Written in jargon-free language, this is an excellent resource for discovering the benefits that conversational techniques can have on an organization and its performance"--
Transformations : 7 roles to drive change by design
