http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12927 sharks
sharks
Strike of the shark
Kingdom of the deep
Supershark and other creatures of the deep
Molecular evolution of metazoan hypoxia-inducible factors
Monster of the deep
The FAO Expert Consultation on the Implementation of the FAO International Plan of Action for the Conservation and Management of Sharks (IPOA-SHARKS) reviewed available information and national, institutional and personal experiences in relation to factors governing the success of this programme. The constraints to programme implementation were reviewed and suggestions were considered as to how the efficacy and effectiveness of the programme could be improved. The view of the Consultation was that the IPOA-SHARKS was a beneficial endeavour and that efforts to improve its effectiveness should be strengthened.
The living marine resources of the western central Atlantic. Volumes 1-3
What's more scary than a shark?
Shark adventure
Great white sharks
FAO species catalogue. Vol. 4, Sharks of the world : an annotated and illustrated catalogue of shark species known to date : Part 1 - Hexanchiformes to Lamniformes
Masters of the oceans : whales dolphins, sharks
Field identification guide to the sharks and rays of the Mediterranean and Black Sea
Smiley Shark and the great big hiccup!
Sharks of the world : Rodney Steel
The shark handbook : the essential guide for understanding the sharks of the world
SHARKS OF THE WORLD
Report of the twenty-third session of the Committee on Fisheries : Rome, Italy, 15-19 February 1999.
Deadly pole to pole
1,001 facts about sharks
The living marine resources of the Western Central Atlantic
There's a shark in the bath
XOC : the journey of a great white
FAO species catalogue. Vol. 4, Sharks of the world : an annotated and illustrated catalogue of shark species known to date : Part 2 - Carcharhiniformes
Everything is teeth
The three little fish and the big bad shark
North Atlantic sharks relevant to fisheries management : a pocket guide
Gilbert the hero
Sharks of the world : an annotated and illustrated catalogue of shark species known to date. Vol. 2, : Bullhead, mackerel and carpet sharks (Heterodontiformes, Lamniformes and Orectolobiformes)
Report of the FAO Technical Working Group on the Conservation and Management of Sharks : Tokyo, Japan, 23-27 April 1998.
Review of the implementation of the international plan of action for the conservation and management of sharks
Shark utilization and marketing
Welcome to the world of sharks
The shallows
The living marine resources of the western central Pacific. Volumes 1-6
Elasmobranchs of the Mediterranean and Black Sea : status, ecology and biology : bibliographic analysis
Report of the Consultation on the Management of Fishing Capacity, Shark Fisheries and Incidental Catch of Seabirds in Longline Fisheries : Rome, Italy, 26-30 October 1998.
Creatures of the deep
The Bashford Dean memorial volume : archaic fishes
Festschrift for Eino Haikala on his seventieth birthday
Report of the Prepatory Meeting for the Consultation on the Management of Fishing Capacity, Shark Fisheries and Incidental Catch of Seabirds in Longline Fisheries : Rome, Italy, 22-24 July 1998.
Field identification guide to the sharks and rays of the Red Sea and Gulf of Aden
The grey shark
Shocking sharks
The shark in the dark
Sharks : facts at your fingertips
The dogfish
Fearsome hunters of the wild
The anatomy of the dogfish shark
Sharks & killer whales : adaptable predators of the sea
Diving with sharks and other adventure dives
Creatures of the deep : in search of the sea's "monsters" and the world they live in
The encyclopedia of sharks
Sharks of the world
Demon fish : travels through the hidden world of sharks
Report of the technical workshop on the status, limitations and opportunities for improving the monitoring of shark fisheries and trade : Rome, 3-6 November 2008.
Discovering sharks
Sharks and other sea creatures
Jaws : a novel
The book of the shark
Sharks, piranhas, eels and other fish
Braincase of the Upper Devonian shark, Cladodoides wildungensis (Chondrichthyes, Elasmobranchii) : with observations on the braincase in early chondrichthyans
The shark In the pool
Hungry, hungry sharks
Sharkwater
DK findout! Sharks teaches kids everything they would want to know about the world of sharks. With beautiful photography, lively illustrations, and key curriculum information.
The devil's teeth : the true story of great white sharks
A boastful shark is not afraid of anything, which impresses his underwater friends until they ask about spiders / WorldCat.
Report of the FAO Expert Consultation on the Implementation of the FAO International Plan of Action for the Conservation and Management of Sharks, Rome, 6-8 December, 2005.
Jaws : the revenge
THE BOOK OF THE SHARK
Survive : Escape from Atlantis
The braincase in Paleozoic symmoriiform and cladoselachian sharks
My little book of sharks
FAO species identification sheets for fishery purposes : Southern Ocean : fishing areas 48, 58 and 88 : CCAMLR Conventiona Area. Volume 1
Management techniques for elasmobranch fisheries
