http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12952 sandwiches
sandwiches
Open sandwiches and cold lunches
Good sandwiches and picnic dishes
Betty Crocker's red spoon collection : best recipes for appetizers
"A cookbook devoted to the beloved Vietnamese sandwich, with 50 recipes ranging from classic fillings to innovative modern combinations. The Banh Mi Handbook opens a new realm of flavor for cooks who are tired of the same old sandwiches. Who can resist the addictive combination of crisp baguette, succulent fillings (such as grilled pork, roast chicken, or "the special," which is loaded with garlicky pork liver pâte and thin slices of Vietnamese cold-cuts) and toppings (like tangy daikon and carrot pickles, thin chile slices, refreshing cucumber strips, and pungent cilantro sprigs)? Banh mi are the epitome of delicious street food, and their popularity has skyrocketed in the US in recent years. Respected food writer Andrea Nguyen's simple recipes for proteins, condiments, pickles, and more are a great introduction for those looking to venture into Vietnamese cuisine but who are intimidated by complicated recipes."--From publisher.
The art and science of culinary preparation : a culinarian's manual
The book of sandwiches
Soups & Sandwiches
The Oskar Davidsen Book of Open Sandwiches
The French have a word for it : mayonnaise
Sunday suppers : informal American home cooking
Professional garde manger : a comprehensive guide to cold food preparation
Pret a manger : food on the move
The sandwich book : the modern art of sandwich making for all occasions
Garde manger : the art and craft of the cold kitchen
ValuSoft's mastercook CD to accompany on cooking : a textbook of culinary fundamentals
Philadelphia cream cheese cookbook
Bistro Laurent Tourondel : new American bistro cooking
Modern batch cookery
A great American cook : recipes from the home kitchen of one of our most influential chefs
Modern garde manger : a global perspective
Essential Pepin : more than 700 all-time favorites from my life in food
"For the first time ever, the legendary chef collects and updates the best recipes from his six-decade career. With a searchable DVD demonstrating every technique a cook will ever need. In his more than sixty years as a chef, Jacques Pepin has earned a reputation as a champion of simplicity. His recipes are classics. They find the shortest, surest route to flavor, avoiding complicated techniques. Now, in a book that celebrates his life in food, the world's most famous cooking teacher winnows his favorite recipes from the thousands he has created, streamlining them even further. They include Onion Soup Lyonnaise-Style, which Jacques enjoyed as a young chef while bar-crawling in Paris; Linguine with Clam Sauce and Vegetables, a frequent dinner chez Jacques; Grilled Chicken with Tarragon Butter, which he makes indoors in winter and outdoors in summer; Five-Peppercorn Steak, his spin on a bistro classic; Meme's Apple Tart, which his mother made every day in her Lyon restaurant; and Warm Chocolate Fondue Souffle, part cake, part pudding, part souffle, and pure bliss. Essential Pepin spans the many styles of Jacques's cooking: homey country French, haute cuisine, fast food Jacques-style, and fresh contemporary American dishes. Many of the recipes are globally inspired, from Mexico, across Europe, or the Far East. In the accompanying searchable DVD, Jacques shines as a teacher, as he demonstrates all the techniques a cook needs to know. This truly is the essential Pepin. "--
Present it : new ideas for stylish garnishes
The soul of a new cuisine : a discovery of the foods and flavors of Africa
Food purchasing and preparation
Swedish smörgåsbord
The sandwich book
Starting and running a sandwich-coffee bar : an insider guide
The banh mi handbook : recipes for crazy-delicious Vietnamese sandwiches
The disgusting sandwitch
Michael Smith's afternoon tea : the complete book of Britain's tea-time treats
Hedonic responses to colour, sweetness, saltiness and fattiness in selected foods as related to corresponding attitudes and other behavioural measures
Winning sandwiches for menu makers : from the National sandwich contest
The bear ate your sandwich
