http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12979 epidemics
epidemics
The walking dead. Volume 23 : Whispers into screams
Nephropathia epdemica and Puumala virus occurrence in relation to bank vole (Clethrionomys glareolus) dynamics and environmental factors in northern Sweden
The fever
Explosive school-based measles outbrake : intense exposure may have resulted in high risk, even among revaccinees
Chimera
"This volume brings together the concepts that underpin a One Health approach and a range of examples of this approach in action around a variety of emerging infectious diseases. The first section starts with a human clinical perception, brings in the veterinary and human-animal interface perspective and then links this with environment issues, with a special chapter dealing with wildlife. It concludes by looking at the economics of a One Health approach, both in terms of the costs of delivering a One Health approach as well as the value added. The second section looks at a number of key emerging infectious diseases and in each case details how a One Health approach has added value, particularly in terms of disease control and cost outcomes. The examples cover virus, bacterial, protozoal and parasitic infections and provide case studies at the national, regional and global level. The studies themselves vary in depth and detail but provide an engaging set of examples of the value of a One Health approach. In all cases, the authors have local and personal experience of the disease in question, providing real life examples of what can be achieved. The final chapter entitled 'Men, primates and germs: an ongoing affair' provides a fascinating insight into pathogen host switching between closely related species which serves to illustrate a core value of a One Health approach." -- (Back Cover)
The walking dead. Volume 21 : All out war. part two
The Pandemic Perhaps : Dramatic Events in a Public Culture of Danger
All the lives he led
Epidemics and history : disease, power and imperialism
The walking dead. Volume 22: A New Beginning
Ebola and Marburg viruses
The walking dead. Volume 13 : Too far gone
The year of the flood
Ship of death : a voyage that changed the Atlantic world
The politics of AIDS denialism : South Africa's failure to respond
The influenza pandemic in Japan, 1918-1920 : the First World War between humankind and a virus
Pandemics : what everyone needs to know /.
Manual on procedures for disease eradication by stamping out
The fantastic laboratory of Dr. Weigl : how two brave scientists battled typhus and sabotaged the Nazis
The Strain. Volume 3, The fall
To the lake
Effect of the systematic classification of outbreaks for investigation and reporting of food and water borne outbreaks in Finland
Annual epidemiological report on communicable diseases in Europe
Highschool of the dead. 1
The walking dead. Volume 16 : A larger world
It is no exaggeration to say that the Hankey, a small British ship that circled the Atlantic in 1792 and 1793, transformed the history of the Atlantic world. This extraordinary book uncovers the long-forgotten story of the Hankey, from its altruistic beginnings to its disastrous end, and describes the ship's fateful impact upon people from West Africa to Philadelphia, Haiti to London. Billy G. Smith chased the story of the Hankey from archive to archive across several continents, and he now brings back to light a saga that continues to haunt the modern world. It began with a group of high-minded British colonists who planned to establish a colony free of slavery in West Africa. With the colony failing, the ship set sail for the Caribbean and then North America, carrying, as it turned out, mosquitoes infected with yellow fever. The resulting pandemic as the Hankey traveled from one port to the next was catastrophic. In the United States, tens of thousands died in Philadelphia, New York, Boston, and Charleston. The few survivors on the Hankey eventually limped back to London, hopes dashed and numbers decimated. Smith links the voyage and its deadly cargo to some of the most significant events of the era-the success of the Haitian slave revolution, Napoleon's decision to sell the Louisiana Territory, a change in the geopolitical situation of the new United States-and spins a riveting tale of unintended consequences and the legacy of slavery that will not die.
Human health and forests : a global overview of issues, practice, and policy
The uninvited : a novel
Dead island : Game of the year edition : Xbox 360
The zombie autopsies : secret notebooks from the apocalypse
The cruelest miles : the heroic story of dogs and men in a race against an epidemic
International security : politics, policy, prospects
The fall
Conversion
A mysterious multi-millionaire invites a collection of rich and powerful men and women from around the world to his exclusive hotel on the cost of Acapulco. As they leave Heathrow airport, the events at All Hallows Church, which sparked the zombie plague, break out. Now the guests must battle each other, the resentful locals, the impending horde of undead, and the land itself.
Dreamcatcher
Large waterborne epidemic in Pirkanmaa, Finland 2007 : Study on disease burden, health consequences and health-economic costs
The medical detective : John Snow and the mystery of cholera / c Sandra Hempel
Armies of pestilence : the impact of disease on history
Dead island : Game of the year edition : PlayStation 3
Studies on the epidemiology and clinical characteristics of diphtheria during the Russian epidemic of the 1990s
The ghost map : the story of London's most terrifying epidemic : and how it changed science, cities, and the modern world
Black Moon
Gremmeniella disease and site factors affecting the condition and growth of scots pine
The Venetian contract
Comparative epidemiology of plant diseases
Casket of souls
The great trouble : a mystery of London, the blue death, and a boy called Eel
One health: the human-animal-environment Interfaces in emerging infectious diseases : the concept and examples of a one health approach
The walking dead : All out war. Ap edition
Malaria control in complex emergencies : an inter-agency field handbook
Y, the last man. Book four
The young elites
The walking dead. Volume 15 : We find ourselves
Collection includes issues #1–#4 of the acclaimed series and the short story The Silver angel / written drawn by David Lapham featured in Dark Horse Presents.
Denying AIDS : conspiracy theories, pseudoscience, and human tragedy
Dead island : Game of the year edition : PS3
The walking dead. Volume 19 : March to war
Our current understanding of strangles. Part 2, Control of an outbreak, treatment and prevention
Stories in the time of cholera : racial profiling during a medical nightmare
The only way to stop people from getting sick is to get the network back online. That means reversing the very revolution that Syd and Knox began / Library of Congress.
The final book in Mira Grant's terrifying Parasitology trilogy. The outbreak has spread, tearing apart the foundations of society, as implanted tapeworms have turned their human hosts into a seemingly mindless mob. Sal and her family are trapped between bad and worse, and must find a way to compromise between the two sides of their nature before the battle becomes large enough to destroy humanity, and everything that humanity has built...including the chimera. The broken doors are closing. Can Sal make it home?
Lessons from HPAI : a technical stocktaking of outputs, outcomes, best practices and lessons learned from the fight against highly pathogenic avian influenza in Asia 2005-2011
The walking dead. Volume 18 : What comes after
Global environmental governance, technology and politics : the Anthropocene Gap
The last ship. The complete first season
Dead island : Xbox 360
The burdens of disease : epidemics and human response in western history
In the shadow of blackbirds
The Irish healer
Ōoku : the inner chambers. Vol. 1
The monster at our door : the global threat of avian flu
AIDS Africa : continent in crisis
Dead island : PlayStation 3
Plant pathology and plant pathogens
In the shadow of blackbirds : a novel
The black death : the story of a village 1345-1350
The deep
The blazing star
Lock in
Highschool of the dead. 5
The walking dead. Volume 20 : All out war. part one
Study of plant disease epidemics
The last ship. The complete second season
Primer of epidemiology /. Gary D. Friedman
The white mountain
Highschool of the dead. 4
Y, the last man. Book two
"The most feared attribute of the human pathogen Vibrio cholerae is its ability to cause outbreaks that spread like wildfire, completely overwhelming public health systems and causing widespread suffering and death. This volume starts with a description of the contrasting patterns of outbreaks caused by the classical and El Tor biotypes of V. cholerae. Subsequent chapters examine cholera outbreaks in detail, including possible sources of infection and molecular epidemiology on three different continents, the emergence of new clones through the bactericidal selection process of lytic cholera phages, the circulation and transmission of clones of the pathogen during outbreaks, and novel approaches to modeling cholera outbreaks. A further contribution deals with the application of the genomic sciences to trace the spread of cholera epidemics and how this information can be used to control cholera outbreaks. The book closes with an analysis of the potential use of killed oral cholera vaccines to stop the spread of cholera outbreaks." -- (Back Cover)
Highschool of the dead. 2
Anthrax : the investigation of a deadly outbreak
The regulation of evil : social and cultural attitudes to epidemics in the late Middle Ages
Zombie apocalypse! : Acapulcalypse now
Sisters' fate
Pandemics : 50 of the world's worst plagues and infectious diseases
The plague
Case studies in disaster response and emergency management
Epidemiology and plant disease management
The walking dead. Volume 14 : No way out
Twenty-first century plague : the story of SARS
And the band played on : politics, people, and the AIDS epidemic
Contagious : cultures, carriers, and the outbreak narrative
The return of the white plague : global poverty and the "new" tuberculosis
The spread of Foot-and-mouth disease (FMD) within Finland and emergency vaccination in case of an epidemic outbreak
The Rose society : a Young elites novel
Oxford textbook of public health
Abstract.
How should we understand the fear and fascination elicited by the accounts of communicable disease outbreaks that proliferated, following the emergence of HIV, in scientific publications and the mainstream media? The repetition of particular characters, images, and story lines - of Patients Zero and superspreaders, hot zones and tenacious microbes - produced a formulaic narrative as they circulated through the media and were amplified in popular fiction and film. The “outbreak narrative” begins with the identification of an emerging infection, follows it through the global networks of contact and contagion, and ends with the epidemiological work that contains it. Priscilla Wald argues that we need to understand the appeal and persistence of the outbreak narrative because the stories we tell about disease emergence have consequences. As they disseminate information, they affect survival rates and contagion routes. They upset economies. They promote or mitigate the stigmatizing of individuals, groups, locales, behaviors, and lifestyles.
Viruses, plagues, and history
Plant pathology : an advanced treatise
Swine flu : the new pandemic
The happening
The tower
America's forgotten pandemic : the influenza of 1918
Dead island : double pack : Xbox 360
When local gets a global focus : Ebola outbreak narratives in Toronto Star in 2014 - 2015
The viral storm : the dawn of a new pandemic age
Robert Ludlum's The Hades factor : a covert-one novel
"In the final book in the Cahill Witch Chronicles, the Sisters' and the Brotherhood near all-out war as an epidemic breaks out in New London, and the prophecy that one sister will murder another comes ever closer to fruition"--
Plague ports : the global urban impact of bubonic plague, 1894-1901
Ten plagues : a song cycle
Risk governance : the articulation of hazard, politics and ecology
Setaria tundra, an emerging parasite of reindeer, and an outbreak it caused in Finland in 2003-2006
Sleepless : a novel
Society in an age of plague
Global biosecurity : threats and responses
