http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12978 infectious diseases
infectious diseases
The biology of emerging viruses : SARS, avian and human influenza, metapneumovirus, Nipah, West Nile, and Ross River virus
Human insecurity in a global world
Microbiology : a clinical approach
Immune responses to Puumala virus infection and the pathogenesis of nephropathia epidemica
Ranaviruses : detection, differentiation and host immune response
Clinical virology manual
Multiplex RT-PCR in diagnosis of human picornaviruses and human respiratory viruses
Chemistry and medicines : an introductory text
Infection prevention and control : applied microbiology for healthcare
Exploring phage-bacterium interactions : new ways to combat a fish pathogen
Respiratory infections and cold exposure in asthmatic and healthy military conscripts
Red Book : 2015 Report of the Committee on Infectious Diseases
Infectious forest diseases
Principles of plant infection
Our current understanding of strangles. Part 2, Control of an outbreak, treatment and prevention
Detection of human metapneumovirus by real time quantitative reverse transcriptase polymerase chain reaction (Q-RT-PCR)
Infectious disease : a Scientific American reader
Abstract.
Microbiology : an introduction
Infection prevention and control : theory and clinical practice for healthcare professionals
Immunology of infectious diseases
Infectious diseases of livestock
Our immune system is a complex network of cells continually battling against a barrage of attacks from our environment, quite literally to save our lives. But how what protects us from the potentially life-threatening microorganisms that surround us every day? In the lucid, accessible style for which John Playfair is renowned, and together with Greg Bancroft, an expert in infectious diseases, Infection and Immunity explains how our immune system defends us. The authors describe the main causes of infection that our bodies have to battle against - from bacteria to viruses, fungi to protozoa - and explains the intricate and fascinating ways in which we respond, from detection of potentially dangerous organisms to their ultimate elimination - sometimes, unfortunately, suffering new pathological symptoms in the process. Presenting a fully-rounded, well-balanced overview of the field, the book also explains how diseases spread, and what measures we can take to control this spread - from vaccination to increasing awareness through public health initiatives.
Principles of plant pathology
Atlas of fungal infections
Written patient education in pediatric nursing – in treatment of child patients with infectious diseases
European research for a healthier future
Insects and other arthropods of medical importance
Tuberculosis is one of the world's deadliest infectious diseases, killing nearly two million people every year--more now than at any other time in history. While the developed world has nearly forgotten about TB, it continues to wreak havoc across much of the globe. In this interdisciplinary study of global efforts to control TB, Christian McMillen examines the disease's remarkable staying power by offering a probing look at key locations, developments, ideas, and medical successes and failures since 1900. He explores TB and race in east Africa, in South Africa, and on Native American reservations in the first half of the twentieth century, investigates the unsuccessful search for a vaccine, uncovers the origins of drug-resistant tuberculosis in Kenya and elsewhere in the decades following World War II, and details the tragic story of the resurgence of TB in the era of HIV/AIDS. Discovering Tuberculosis explains why controlling TB has been, and continues to be, so difficult.
Immunisation against infectious disease
Bats and viruses : from pathogen discovery to host genomics
Textbook of diagnostic microbiology
Burger's medicinal chemistry, drug discovery and development. Vol. 7, Antiinfectives
Clinical immunology & serology : a laboratory perspective
Laboratory diagnosis of infectious diseases : essentials of diagnostic microbiology
Infectious diseases in Finland in..
Spillover : animal infections and the next human pandemic
Essentials of tropical infectious diseases
Contagious : cultures, carriers, and the outbreak narrative
Mother-infant antibodies to pneumococcal polysaccharides and proteins : transfer and persistence of maternal antibodies and development of vaccine-induced and naturally acquired antibodies in infants
Biological weapons defense : infectious diseases and counterbioterrorism
Kuby immunology
Antimicrobial use and infections in Finnish long-term care facilities
WHY? HOW? and WHO? : a study on life dynamics and experiences of 50+ people living with HIV/AIDS in Finland
Moffet's pediatric infectious diseases : a problem-oriented approach
Role of pneumococcal virulence genes in the etiology of respiratory tract infection and biofilm formation
Infectious diseases and clinical microbiology : cases with expert commentary
Basic clinical laboratory techniques
Vesicoureteral reflux in children
The epidemic streets : infectious disease and the rise of preventive medicine, 1856-1900
Early detection of severe sepsis in the emergency room in adults : clinical utility of prognostic markers
Reindeer parapoxvirus : molecular biology and detection
"It has been estimated that in developed countries up to 10% of hospitalized patients develop infections every year. Not only is there a substantial cost to healthcare systems, but some healthcare associated infections (HCIAs) can be fatal. Since the majority of HCIAs are preventable, reducing HCIAs is now considered to be an integral part of patient safety and quality of care provided by all healthcare institutions worldwide. Unlike other books on infection control, the main strength of this book is to provide clear, up-to-date and practical guidance in infection control in an easy to read format which can act as a quick source of reference on all aspects of HCIA for healthcare workers who are either directly or indirectly involved in prevention and control of HCIAs. Although the book's main audience is infection control practitioners such as doctors, nurses, public health physicians, it is also a valuable reference for environmental health officers, health educators, practice managers in GP surgeries, and health service managers"--
Brock biology of microorganisms
Medical microbiology : a guide to microbial infections : pathogenesis, immunity, laboratory diagnosis and control
Infectious diseases in obstetrics and gynecology
Serological studies on Chlamydia pneumoniae infections
Baillière's clinical infectious diseases : international practice and research : helicobacter pylori
Roles of keratins in intestinal health and disease
Recent advances in infection. No. 2
John Hull Grundy's Arthropods of medical importance
Oropharyngeal carriage of respiratory bacteria among military conscripts
The immune response to infection
Role of pneumococcal virulence genes in the etiology of rerspiratory tract infection and biofilm formation
Susceptibility of human macrophages to Chlamydia pneumoniae infection in vitro
Prescott's principles of microbiology
A nurse's manual of infectious diseases
Infectious disease surveillance, control and research 2000-2007 : background material for the international evaluation
The desk encyclopedia of microbiology
Missing microbes : how killing bacteria creates modern plagues
Foodborne human isolates of Salmonella and Shiga toxin -producing Escherichia coli of domestic origin in Finland
Infectious diseases : a treatise of infectious processes
Approximately 75% of emerging infectious diseases are zoonoses, and the rate of emergence of zoonotic diseases is on the rise. Bats are being increasingly recognised as an important reservoir of zoonotic viruses of different families, including SARS coronavirus, Nipah virus, Hendra virus and Ebola virus. Understanding bats' role in emerging zoonotic diseases is crucial to this rapidly expanding area of research. Bats and Viruses: A New Frontier of Emerging Infectious Diseases provides an updated overview of research focusing on bat biology and the role bats play as hosts of many major zoonotic viruses. The text covers bat biology, immunology, and genomics. Chapters also delve into the various major bat-borne virus families, including lyssaviruses, paramyxoviruses, coronaviruses, filoviruses and reoviruses, among others.
Implementing change in hand hygiene and asepsis in haemodialysis nursing care : a literature review
Oxford handbook of infectious diseases and microbiology
Life stories : testimonies of hope from people with HIV and AIDS
Invasive pneumococcal infections in Finland before routine use of conjugate vaccines : opportunities for prevention
Enterohemorrhagic Escherichia coli (EHEC) findings from humans in Finland
Increased expression of adhesion molecules in liver allografts during cytomegalovirus infection
Hospitality and health : issues and developments
Plagues, apocalypses, and bug-eyed monsters : how speculative fiction shows us our nightmares
The intersection of international law, agricultural biotechnology, and infectious disease
Discovering tuberculosis : a global history, 1900 to the present
Infectious diseases
The genus Bacteroides in human dental root canal infections : taxonomic, ultrastructural, and clinical studies
Interactions of prion proteins and PrP-derived peptides in scrapie infection
Systemic inflammation in preterm infants
Infectious disease : a very short introduction
"Speculative fiction occupies a special position in contemporary American culture: It shows us our nightmares and contributes to our efforts to avoid them. That contribution, via the cautionary tale, is what has been captured and analyzed in this volume, which focuses on the nightmares and warnings reflected in prose, film, and television"--Provided by publisher.
Outcome of Puumala hantavirus-induced nephropathia epidemica
Infectious diseases of wild birds
Proteomic characterization of host response to viral infection
The use of serotyping and PFGE-typing of Listeria monocytogenes in food processing contamination studies and human foodborne infections
"Test your knowledge in tropical medicine with Clinical Cases in Tropical Medicine! Boasting an easily accessible, highly templated format and full-color photographs throughout, this medical reference book is designed to help anyone in the field better identify the tropical diseases they'll encounter. As a companion product to Manson's Tropical Diseases, Clinical Cases in Tropical Medicine offers over 75 cases covering today's most prevalent diseases. It's an ideal study tool for infectious diseases fellows, doctors preparing for exams, primary care doctors with patients returning from abroad, and global health nurses and practitioners alike." -- (takakansi)
Infectious diseases in Finland 2012
Effects of Chlamydia pneumoniae infection on inflammation and lipid parameters in humans and mice
Zoonoses : infectious diseases transmissible from animals to humans
Streptococcus pneumoniae is a significant pathogen in developing countries causing mortality especially among children and the elderly. The development of new pneumococcal vaccines has reduced the amount of serious infections, but several pneumococcal serotypes set a great challenge in the battle against the pathogen. Zebrafish is an excellent model for various infections due to its developed immune system. Zebrafish is easy to maintain and it has many characteristics that make it a widely used animal model. The aim of this study was to set up a model for Streptococcus pneumonia infection in adult zebrafish and to find out if zebrafish can be used in the development of pneumococcal vaccines. The purpose was to find a dose of bacteria that kills half of the test animals, find out the role of pneumococcal virulence factors, and to examine the clearance of S. pneumoniae from the zebrafish blood stream. The purpose was also to find out if two commercial pneumococcal vaccines give zebrafish protection against the Streptococcus pneumonia infection. For the study, the zebrafish were infected intraperitoneally with a wild-type S. pneumoniae and mutants lacking certain virulence factors. The progression of pneumococcal infection was studied by following the mortality and bacteria concentration of blood. For testing the vaccines, fish were injected intramuscularly with the vaccines. The vaccinated fish were infected with wild-type pneumococcus to find out the effects of the vaccines. The results showed that a dose of 5 x 106 colony forming units of wild-type Streptococcus pneumoniae killed approximately half of the fish. Most of the surviving fish were able to clear the bacteria within 24 hours. S. pneumoniae entered the bloodstream very rapidly and was able to multiply in zebrafish. The bacterial concentration continues to grow within six hours post-infection. After 12 hours, the amount of bacteria decreased rapidly and by the next day most of the fish had cleared the bacteria. The mutant experiments indicated that capsule is a crucial virulence factor along with autolysin and pneumolysin. The lack of pili had no effect on the mortality rates when compared with wild-type infections.
Fungal colonization and invasive fungal infections in patients with a hematological malignancy
Feline and canine infectious diseases
Infectious diseases in Finland 2001
Tula hantavirus infection of Vero E6 cells induces apoptosis involving caspase 8 activation
Manual of infection prevention and control
Two-photon excitation fluorometry in detection of infectious diseases
Serious childhood problems in countries with limited resources : background book on Management of the child with a serious infection or severe malnutrition
Preparing for highly pathogenic avian influenza
Plant-derived antimycotics : current trends and future prospects
Detection, epidemiology and host spectrum of cowpox and Borna disease virus infections
ABC of sexually transmitted infections
Domestically acquired Campylobacter infections in Finland
Modelling of ischemic stroke : focus on co-morbidities and therapeutic intervention
Harrison's infectious diseases
Hospital-associated infections and the safety of alcohol hand gels in children
Characterization and ecology of Pneumocystis carinii infection in wild small mammals
Persistent Chlamydia pneumoniae infection, inflammation and innate immunity
How should we understand the fear and fascination elicited by the accounts of communicable disease outbreaks that proliferated, following the emergence of HIV, in scientific publications and the mainstream media? The repetition of particular characters, images, and story lines - of Patients Zero and superspreaders, hot zones and tenacious microbes - produced a formulaic narrative as they circulated through the media and were amplified in popular fiction and film. The “outbreak narrative” begins with the identification of an emerging infection, follows it through the global networks of contact and contagion, and ends with the epidemiological work that contains it. Priscilla Wald argues that we need to understand the appeal and persistence of the outbreak narrative because the stories we tell about disease emergence have consequences. As they disseminate information, they affect survival rates and contagion routes. They upset economies. They promote or mitigate the stigmatizing of individuals, groups, locales, behaviors, and lifestyles.
Human leukocyte antigens B8-DRB1*03 in pediatric patients with nephropathia epidemica caused by Puumala hantavirus
Frontiers in mycology : honorary and general lectures from the fourth International Mycological Congress, Regensburg, Germany, 1990
Experimental ecology on the interaction between the Puumala hantavirus and its host, the bank vole
Chronic chlamydial infection : impact on human reproductive health : reproductive health research in the Northern Finland 1966 Birth Cohort (NFBC 1966)
Trust and free will as the keys to success for the Low Threshold Health Service Centers (LTHSC) : an interdisciplinary evaluation study of the effectiveness of health promotion services for infectious disease prevention and control among injecting drug users
Nordic workshop addressing case-control studies and food borne infections : report from a workshop in Stockholm, Swedish Institute for Infectious Disease Control (SMI), Sweden 12 October 1998
Our current understanding of strangles. Part 1, Etiology, epidemiology, pathogenesis, clinical signs and diagnosis
Diagnostic immunohistochemistry
Arctic outbreak
Molecular characterization of endemic salmonella infections in cattle
Infection & immunity
Infectious diseases : the clinician's guide to diagnosis, treatment, and prevention
The influence of infective dose, nutrient availability and coinfection on virulence of Flavobacterium columnare : implications of intensive aquaculture on opportunistic infections
Infection control in clinical practice
Liposomal amphotericin b prevents invasive fungal infections in liver transplant recipients : a randomized, placebo-controlled study
Experimental model of Streptococcus pneumoniae infection and vaccine testing on adult zebrafish
