http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12998 language examinations
language examinations
New first certificate gold : coursebook
New directions in language testing : papers presented at the International symposium on language testing, Hong Kong, [December 1982]
IELTS premier : with 8 practice tests. CD-ROM : Listening tracks
CAE gold plus : coursebook
Cambridge IELTS 9 : authentic examination papers from Cambridge ESOL : with answer
The official guide to the new TOEFL
Cambridge IELTS. 9 : authentic examination papers from Cambridge ESOL
Cambridge English : Complete First. Student's book with answers / Guy Brook-Hart
QSE. Pre-intermediate A2-B1 : quick smart English
Check Your English Vocabulary for TOEFL : Essential Words and Phrases to Help You Maximize Your TOEFL Score
This guide is packed with everything you need to succeed on the test--and move forward toward your degree. No other guide to the GRE Revised General Test gives you: everything you need to know about the revised test, straight from the test-makers!; hundreds of authentic test questions--so you can study with the real thing; two complete tests--one in the book and one on CD-ROM; In-depth descriptions of verbal reasoning and quantitative reasoning; detailed information about the analytical writing essay tasks--with sample responses and actual rater's comments--Cover.
Focus on IELTS
The Official guide to the TOEFL test
New proficiency passkey : teacher's book
Longman introductory course for the TOEFL test
NTC'S PREPARATION FOR THE TOEFL
First certificate practice tests plus : with key. 2
Cracking the TOEFL iBT : 2012 edition
Fast track to FCE : coursebook
Cliffs TOEFL preparation guide : test of English as a foreign language
Barron's practice exercises for the TOEFL : test of English as a foregn language
New international business English : BEC Vantage preparation and practice for new international business English
Cracking the TOEFL iBT : 2010 edition
Cambridge First certificate in English. 3 : official examination papers from University of Cambridge ESOL examinations
Focus on first certificate
Longman preparation course for the TOEFL test. Vol. A : companion to skills and strategies : CBT volume
This title considers why summative assessment in English is difficult and explores viewing it as an arts subject rather than one which is quantifiable and assessable objectively. "Testing English" considers why English is such a difficult subject to assess summatively and takes the view that English is an arts subject rather than one which is quantifiable and assessable objectively. Bethan Marshall examines the nature of the subject, the battlegrounds of examinations over the last 100 years and considers some of the solutions that have been put in place to overcome the problem both in the UK and abroad. "Testing English" looks at the way English lends itself to formative assessment in that it actively encourages dialogue with the pupils in the absence of 'right answers'. It explores the complex relationship between formative and summative assessment and considers the relationship in the light of the introduction of Assessing Pupil's Progress (APP). It is an essential reading for postgraduate students and researchers looking at the complexities involved in assessing English.
Top tips for IELTS general training
Barron's IELTS practice exams with audio CDs
The official guide to the TOEFL test
Cracking the TOEFL iBT
Cracking the TOEFL iBT : 2012 edition : MP3 Audio
Get on track to FCE : coursebook
Focus on proficiency
Complete first certificate : CD-ROM
Cambridge english compact advanced : students book with answers
IELTS practice tests plus : with key. 2
Perfect phrases for the TOEFL : speaking and writing sections
Cambridge English : Complete First. Class audio CDs / Guy Brook-Hart
Common mistakes at CAE : ... and how to avoid them
Insight into IELTS : updated edition
Advanced Gold : coursebook
'Start speaking now, please' : a study of adults' second language spoken communication skills on the basis of the national certificate of language proficiency test, autumn 2001
Quick smart English : student's DVD-ROM. Advanced B2-C1
Cambridge English : Complete First. Student's CD-ROM / Guy Brook-Hart
"Onko tämä sitä creativitya" : a case study of the functions of code switching by IB students in a WhatsApp conversation
The framework of the Finnish National Certificates of Language Proficiency 2011 : order 24/011/2011
CAE Gold Plus exam maximiser : CD 1 and 2
Translation - The fifth language skill? : a comparison of the role of translation in Finnish lukio and the International Baccalaureate Diploma Programme
The construct validation of tests of communicative competence : including proceedings of a colloquium at TESOL '79, Boston, February 27-28, 1979
Vocabulary puzzles :  the fun way to ace standardized tests
The framework of the finnish national foreign language certificate
TOEFL iBT with CD-ROM
Focus on advanced english C.A.E
Cambridge IELTS 7 : examination papers University of Cambridge ESOL examinations : English for speakers of other languages
QSE. Advanced B2-C1 : quick smart English
Innovations in language testing : proceedings of the IUS/NFER Conference, April, 1985
The framework of the Finnish national foreign language certificate
"The world has gotten smaller" : third year IB high school students' perceptions on the international baccalaureate diploma programme: internationalisation, English medium instruction and career choice
Longman preparation course for the TOEFL test : iBT
The official guide to the GRE revised general test : inside look at the test changes effective August 1, 2011
Academic skills : IELTS sudy skills edition. Level 1, Student's book
Grammar for first certificate : with answers : self-study grammar reference and practice
QSE. Intermediate B1-B2 : quick smart English
CAE Gold Plus exam maximiser
Achieve IELTS. 2 : English for international education
IELTS practice tests plus : with key
Practice exercises for the TOEFL
Cambridge learner's dictionary
On the international Baccalaureate and its language programme with emphasis on Finnish B.
English as a second language. Coursebook 1
Cracking the TOEFL iBT : 2010 edition : MP3 Audio
Fast track to FCE
New proficiency passkey : class CDs
Vocabulary for first certificate : with answers : self-study vocabulary practice
Vocabulary for IELTS advanced : audio CD
Advanced Gold
First certificate expert : student's resource book with key
Ideas & issues intermediate
Direct to IELTS : class audio CD
New first certificate Gold : exam maximiser with key
Achieve IELTS. 1 : English for international education
Cracking the TOEFL iBT : 2017 edition : audio supplement
Fast track to FCE : coursebook CD1 and 2
IELTS Trainer : six practice tests with answers
Direct to IELTS : student's book with key
Basic tactics for listening : more listening, more testing, more effective
Check your English vocabulary for TOEIC
Longman preparation course for the TOEFL test : iBT : audio CDs
Vocabulary for first certificate : self-study vocabulary practice
Focus on First Certificate : grammar practice for the revised exam : with key
The official Cambridge guide to IELTS for academic & general training. Student's book with answers
Advanced english C.A.E. : Revised and updated
English A : language and literature for the IB diploma
400 must-have words for the TOEFL
Cracking the TOEFL iBT : 2017 edition
Fast track to FCE : exam practise workbook
Complete first certificate : student's book with answers
Cracking the TOEFL® iBT
Language testing : the construction and use of foreign language tests : a teacher's book
Language testing : a critical survey and practical guide
Testing English : formative and summative approaches to English assessment
CAE Testbuilder : With answer key
Cambridge First certificate in English. 3 : with answers : official examination papers from University of Cambridge ESOL examinations
Quick smart English. Intermediate B1-B2
Inside the Toefl Ibt : strategies and practice to help you score higher
Pass key to the TOEFL
Inside the TOEFL IBT : strategies and practice to help you score higher
Cambridge IELTS 9 contains four authentic IELTS past papers from Cambridge ESOL, providing excellent exam practice.
Insight into IELTS : the Cambridge IELTS course
