http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p129 work strain
work strain
Teacher stress over a school year
Summary in Finnish.
World-wide work stress : multi-case study of the stress-coping process in distributed work
After 30 years with the demand-control-support model : how is it used today?
Mental workload and its effects on work-life balance : a case study
Diaconal workers : alongsiders or dumpsters?
Koneiden turvallisuus = Safety of machinery. Osa 4 = Part 4, Ergonomiset periaatteet, mitoituksen suunnittelu, henkinen työkuormitus = Ergonomic principles, antropometric dimensioning, mental workload
OWAS : a method for the evaluation of postural load during work
Work during pregnancy : a prospective study
A management model for physical risks in the care work
Evaluation of physical workload standards and guidelines from a Nordic perspective
Physical capacity and workload among ageing workers
Physical work capacity and pregnancy
Stress : a management guide
Teacher burnout in the public schools : structural causes and consequences for children
Recovery from work stress : antecedents, processes and outcomes
Job strain, effort-reward imbalance, and heavy drinking : a study in 40,851 employees
Gender differences in the association of age with physical workload and functioning
Predictors of early retirement : a population-based study in men from Eastern Finland
Physical exercise guide for air force aircrew : The Finnish Air Force 1998
Mental workload : research on computer-aided design work and on the implementation of office automation
Mortality, morbidity and health selection among mental workers
Searching for the personal sense of work : promoting work-related well-being in vocational teachers' work.
Burnout and self-reported health among finnish physicians
Ergonomics : foundational principles, applications, and technologies
Effect of whole-body vibration and driving a forest machine simulator on some physiological variables of the operator
Evaluation of bridge teammates' mental workload for simulator-based training using physiological indices : IAMU 2014 Research Project : (No. 20140401)
Association of job strain with sleep and psychophysiological recovery in shift working health care professionals
Self-rated and clinically measured functional capacity among women and men in two age groups in metal industry
Relationship between work stress and body mass index among 45,810 female and male employees
Work-related well-being in the transformation of nursing home work
Workplace analysis and ergonomic assessment at a paper machine
Studies on Tanzanian forest work
Stress, work design, and productivity
Job demands and assessment of the physical work capacity of fire fighters
Learning from burnout : developing sustainable leaders and avoiding career derailment
Diaconal workers - alongsiders or dumpsters?
Job strain and leisure-time physical activity in female and male public sector employees
Methods for the analysis of surface EMG in ergonomic evaluations
Occupational biomechanics
Engaged or exhausted : how does it affect dentists' clinical productivity?
Occupational burnout : how do hotel frontline department heads perceive it?
Recent developments in job analysis : proceedings of the International symposium on job analysis, University of Hohenheim, March 14-15 1989
Effects of simulated tractor vibration on the psychophysiological and mechanical functions of the driver : comparison of some excitatory frequencies
Fetal development and pregnancy complications in working mothers
Employee satisfaction and motivation in forwarding business: a case study of Panalpina AB Filial Ι Finland
Stress, self-esteem, health and work
Work intensity, gender and well-being
Feedback and stress in human service organizations
Poor dancer's almanac : managing life and work in the performing arts
Physical work load as a risk factor for symptoms in the neck and upper limbs : exposure assessment and ergonomic intervention
Teacher stress : personality, work-load and health
Work stress and early atherosclerosis : do genetic background and pre-employment risk factors explain conflicting findings?
10th European Congress on Musician's Medicine, The Paulo Foundation XVIII International Symposium, June 11-14, 2003 Turku, Finland [and] Pre-meeting on Dance Medicine, June 10, 2003, Orton Hospital, Helsinki, Finland : programme and abstracts
Heat stress in forestry work
Management of cumulative trauma disorders
Psychophysiology and the electronic workplace
Current perspectives on job-stress recovery
The purpose of the study was to describe how nurses' job satisfaction is influenced by today's working environment challenges in a hospital setting. Well-being at work is often measured using job satisfaction. The working environment challenges are related to shift work, workload and job security. In addition, the aim of the study was to increase awareness of how nurses perceive their working environment. This is information that can be used for future development of working environment conditions and management in hospitals.    Quantitative research method was used for this study. During June 2008, 91 questionnaires were distributed on four wards in Hatanpää City Hospital of Tampere, Finland. After two weeks, a total of 76 completed questionnaires were received. Thus, 84% response rate was reached. The results were analyzed using Tixel software and presented in a chart form.     The results show that nurses believe nowadays their work is more demanding psychologically than it used to be. They spend more time documenting than with the patient. Even though long term contracts offer nurses a secure feeling, they were not pleased with their salary. However, overall, nurses were satisfied with their jobs.         Keywords: job satisfaction, nurses, shift work, workload, job security.
Proceedings of the society for hornphysiology : social class, desease and death, an essey in social medicine
The illustrated guide to safe patient handling and movement
Organizational position and its change as a predictor of job strain : a prospective cohort study of 24 775 public sector employees
Treating worker dissatisfaction during economic change
A LISREL analysis of risk factors related to teachers' burnout syndrome
The objective of the thesis was to identify employees' work load and to examine the level of work motivation in Panalpina AB Filial I Finland, a Finnish forwarding company. In addition, the aim was to find out factors that may have an influence on employees' motivation in their daily work. The Finnish case company is going more multi-cultural with a global customer base steadily increasing. New international customers are acquired and shipping orders from all over the world are being placed with the company. The Finnish Panalpina branch was founded in 1995. Even though it has been in operation for more than 10 years already, the Finland-based branch is still quite a new company in the Finnish forwarding industry. The level of service has been recognized by many corporations in Finland, which in turn means new development opportunities for the case company, but also big challenges for the staff. The context of the thesis discusses the level of work motivation in various departments and presents the current situation in the company and it also explores major factors affecting employee work motivation in general. The theoretical framework is based on theories on management, personnel management and organization behavior, i.e. subjects directly related to the topic. The scope of study is limited to the Panalpina AB Filial I Finland. The study utilized quantitative and qualitative research methods. The personal interview was considered a necessary instrument to identify new innovation and improvement in management within the company. In order to achieve high validity and reliability, the designed questionnaire was used for all the employees, and data was analyzed in accordance with different criteria, in order to counteract any deficiency in research method. The empirical process was implemented from mid May to mid June 2008. Due to the sensitivity of the issue at hand, the results of the study are kept confidential. The results obtained indicate that most of employees are satisfied with their work. However, a certain unbalance in daily work duties could be noticed. Feedback and communication channels, training opportunities, rewards and work facilities also to some extent affect the level of satisfaction at work.
The effects of information technology on job design : a case study of Laico Regency Hotel, Nairobi
Production rate and work strain on workers in cutting of pines in Tanzania
Summary.
Stress in work : conceptual analysis and a study on prison personnel
Physiological determinants and assessment of stress and recovery among media workers
Work stress : studies of the context, content, and outcomes of stress : a book of readings
Teacher stress as a longitudinal process
PE teachers' job satisfaction, turnover, and intention to stay or leave the profession
Physical loading and mental stress as determinants of musculoskeletal disorders
Work demands and resources, stress regulation and quality of pedagogical work among professionals in Finnish early childhood education setting
Determination of physical and psychosocial factors in prevention of low back disorders in industry
The psychology of fatigue : work, effort, and control
Handbook of work stress
"Media work is a good example of working life in modern 24/7 society. Time pressure and cognitive strain due to overflow of media inputs enhance job strain. New technology requires constant learning and implementation of new working modalities. Employees might continue work-related activities at home and outside the workplace. This may lead to overcommitment and extension of the real working time. Irregular shift work is common. Sudden changes in information flow, technical problems and alterations in team resources may hinder recovery and increase stress. On the other hand high demands may increase the well-being, if the worker can use the skills and has good job control. Self-assessments of stress and well-being combined with physiological measurements help us also to identify work-related and personal factors that could explain good or poor recovery." -- (Back Cover)
Early risk factors, job strain and atherosclerosis among men in their 30s: the cardiovascular risk in young finns study
Balance abilities of workers in physically demanding jobs : with special reference to firefighters of different ages
Managing burnout in the workplace : a guide for information professionals
Innovation in organisations : the role of communication, expertise and occupational stress
Threats and opportunities : findings of Finnish quality of work life surveys 1977-2003
Musculoskeletal disorders and physical strain among food factory workers
Stress and long QT syndrome : the role of stress proneness and environmental stress
Computers and the psychosocial work environment
Quality of work life survey
The physical strenuousness of work is slightly associated with and upward trend in the body mass index
A descriptive study of nurses' job satisfaction related to shift work, workload and job security
Quantification of thermal responses while wearing fully encapsulating protective clothing in warm and cold environments
Enhancing sense of coherence via early intervention among depressed occupational health care clients
Employee perception of work stress in Finnish call centers
Stress in turbulent times
Occupational well-being : the role of areas of worklife and achievement and social strategies
Abstract: Workplace analysis and ergonomic assessment at a paper machine.
The burnout companion to study and practice : a critical analysis
Work in care for the elderly : combining theories of job design, stress, information processing and organizational cultures
Seasonal psychophysiological stress of teachers related to age and aerobic fitness
Back disorders in relation to heavy physical work : a comparative study of concrete reinforcement workers and house painters
Development of physical and psychosocial job exposure matrices
Treating job burnout in employee rehabilitation : changes in symptoms, antecedents, and consequences
Construct validity and reliability of the Finnish version of the demand-control questionnaire in two samples of 1028 teachers and 630 nurses
