http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12951 bildungsromans
bildungsromans
William Faulkner and the rites of passage
Another Brooklyn : a novel
As the daughter of a drug dealer, Wavy knows not to trust people, not even her own parents. It's safer to keep her mouth shut and stay out of sight. Struggling to raise her little brother, Donal, eight-year-old Wavy is the only responsible adult around. Obsessed with the constellations, she finds peace in the starry night sky above the fields behind her house, until one night her star gazing causes an accident. After witnessing his motorcycle wreck, she forms an unusual friendship with one of her father's thugs, Kellen, a tattooed ex-con with a heart of gold. By the time Wavy is a teenager, her relationship with Kellen is the only tender thing in a brutal world of addicts and debauchery. When tragedy rips Wavy's family apart, a well-meaning aunt steps in, and what is beautiful to Wavy looks ugly under the scrutiny of the outside world. Kellen may not be innocent, but he is the fixed point in Wavy and Donal's chaotic universe. Instead of playing it safe, Wavy has to learn to fight for Kellen, for her brother, and for herself.
The round house
Seven brothers : a novel
The story of the night
Celia and Djuna ruled their clique of friends with dual iron fists. But when Djuna disappeared while the duo was walking home together, Celia buried the terrible truth of that day deep down inside. Now, twenty years later, Celia is unable to consciously keep her secret any longer. Despite her success, her personal life has fallen stagnant, and, buried under the weight of her awful past, Celia returns to her hometown to confess her sins.
Falling backwards
Under the eye of the clock
All the ugly and wonderful things : a novel
All the pretty horses
The song of the lark
This side of paradise
The catcher in the rye
The little friend
We are not ourselves
Speaking the past : child perspective in the Asian American Bildungsroman
The divide
Coming of age in contemporary American fiction
A heartbreaking work of staggering genius
How the Garcia girls lost their accents
Jasper Jones
Songs without words
Between time and eternity : K. A. Tavaststjerna's Barndomsvänner
Braided lives : a novel
Orchard : a novel
The office of innocence
Unbecoming women : British women writers and the novel of development
The broken bridge
Unseasonable youth : modernism, colonialism, and the fiction of development
The witch of Portobello
The path to the nest of spiders
The christmas train
Oystercatchers
P.S. I Love You
Ghost Hawk
The heaven of Mercury : a novel
The last samurai
The voyage in : fictions of female development
The Book of Tomorrow
"A young woman with a once-in-a-generation palate becomes the iconic chef behind the country's most coveted dinner reservation"--
The gravedigger's daughter
How to read the Victorian novel
Simon & the oaks
The maturing of Maggie Tulliver : George Eliot's The mill on the floss as a Bidungsroman
The mill on the floss
Finnish summary.
I'll be right there : a novel
Through the northern gate : childhood and growing up in British fiction, 1719-1901
The poisonwood bible
The copper beech
The theme of coming of age in Ursula K. Le Guin's Earthsea-trilogy
The German Bildungsroman : incest and inheritance
"A love story set in the gritty yet magnificent theater world of 1970's London"--
Seven brothers
The storied life of A. J. Fikry : a novel
Go set a watchman : a novel
English correspondence : [a novel]
Ben, in the world : the sequel to The fifth child
The book of tomorrow
Anatomy of a disappearance
The rise & fall of great powers : a novel
A pigeon and a boy : a novel
Fallout : a novel
The Hotel New Hampshire
Bakhtin's concept of the chronotope : the viewpoint of an acting subject
Kafka on the shore
Stripes of the sidestep wolf
Dinner at the Homesick Restaurant
Beatles
The story of a new name
The ship
Secrets of the sea
Season of youth : the Bildungsroman from Dickens to Golding
My brilliant friend
The Patrick Melrose novels
Last night in twisted river : a novel
It is 1987, and only one person has ever truly understood fourteen-year-old June Elbus -- her uncle, the renowned painter Finn Weiss. Shy at school and distant from her older sister, June can only be herself in Finn's company; he is her godfather, confidant, and best friend. So when he dies, far too young, of a mysterious illness her mother can barely speak about, June's world is turned upside down. But Finn's death brings a surprise acquaintance into June's life -- someone who will help her to heal, and to question what she thinks she knows about Finn, her family, and even her own heart. / Library of Congress.
The language of the flowers
The world according to Garp
Great expectations
To kill a mockingbird
The story of the lost child
Americanah
Call me the breeze : [a novel]
The false friend : a novel
Be good sweet maid : Charlotte Yonge's domestic fiction : a study in dogmatic purpose and fictional form
A girl could stand up : a novel
The German tradition of self-cultivation : 'Bildung' from Humboldt to Thomas Mann
Sweet tooth
The kite runner
From the margin of Finland's Swedish literature toward identifying the female bildungsroman
Ghost heart
Those who leave and those who stay
Follows the continuing story of the friendship between fiery Lina and bookish Elena, now grown with children and successful in their chosen careers, and both again living in Naples, the city of their birth.
City of night
Tell the wolves I'm home : a novel
The book thief
Young China : national rejuvenation and the bildungsroman, 1900-1959
Nervous conditions / a novel ; with an introduction by Kwame Anthony Appiah
A painted house
A little life : a novel
New perspectives on the European Bildungsroman
Daphnis & Chloe
Towelhead : a novel
The book of salt : [a novel]
The people of forever are not afraid
The secret life of bees
Keep the aspidistra flying
The whale rider
The adventures of Flash Jackson : [a novel]
Buddha Da : [a novel]
Up Island
Kitchens of the great Midwest
Light on snow
One hundred names
The outsiders
Kane and Abel
The female bildungsroman in English : an annotated bibliography of criticism
Narcisa : our lady of ashes : a novel
Ecocriticism and the idea of culture : biology and the bildungsroman
Zahrah the windseeker
Pathologies of desire : the vicissitudes of the self in James Joyce's A portrait of the artist as a young man
"Teenage Joon is a Korean immigrant living in the Bronx of the 1980s. Her parents have crumbled under the weight of her father's infidelity; he has left the family, and mental illness has rendered her mother nearly catatonic. So Joon, at the age of thirteen, decides she would be better off on her own, a choice that commences a harrowing and often tragic journey that exposes the painful difficulties of a life lived on the margins. Joon's adolescent years take her from a homeless shelter to an escort club, through struggles with addiction, to jobs selling newspapers and cosmetics, committing petty crimes, and finally toward something resembling hope."--BOOK JACKET.
The catcher in the rye : / : a novel
The language of flowers
Torn between the fantasies of her youth and the realities of a life marked by violence and abandonment, August reunites with a beloved old friend who challenges her to reconcile her past and come to terms with the difficulties that forced her to grow up too quickly.
Freya : a novel
Miles from nowhere
Night and day
We are not ourselves : a novel
A concise Chinese-English dictionary for lovers
Nora Webster : a novel
Defining bildnungsnovelle : character development in Amy Tan's The Joy Luck Club
If you could see me now
The bitter kingdom
Son of a witch : a novel
The age of miracles : a novel
Balzac and the little chinese seamstress
Go set a watchman
The German Bildungsroman from Wieland to Hesse
Sons and lovers
In the 1960s, political tension forces the Garca̕ family away from Santo Domingo and towards the Bronx. The sisters all hit their strides in America, adapting and thriving despite cultural differences, language barriers, and prejudice. But Mami and Papi are more traditional, and they have far more difficulty adjusting to their new country. Making matters worse, the girls--frequently embarrassed by their parents--find ways to rebel against them.
The Neapolitan novels. Book 1, My brilliant friend
Tell the wolves I'm home
Oranges are not the only fruit
