http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12984 transcendence (being)
transcendence (being)
Moral life gathers its shape, force and meaning in relation to an underlying sense of reality, imaginatively conceived. Significant contemporary writing in philosophy appeals to the concept of 'transcendence' to explore what is deepest in our moral experience, but leaves this notion theologically unspecified. This book reflects on the appeal to transcendence in ethics with reference to the Resurrection of Jesus. Bachelard argues that the Resurrection reveals that the ultimate reality in which human life is held is gracious, forgiving and reconciling, a Goodness that is 'for us'. Faith in this testimony transforms the possibilities of moral life, both conceptually and in practice. It invites our participation in a goodness experienced non-dualistically as grace, and so profoundly affects the formation of the moral self, the practice of moral judgement and the shape of moral concepts. From this perspective, contemporary philosophical discussion about 'transcendence' in moral thought is cast in a new light, and debates about the continuity between theological and secular ethics gain a thoroughly new dimension. Bachelard demonstrates that placing the Resurrection at the heart of our ethical reflection resonates with the deepest currents of our lived moral experience and transfigures our approach to moral life and thought.
Transcendence : philosophy, literature, and theology approach the beyond
The new frontier of religion and science : religious experience, neuroscience and the transcendent
Transcending jurisprudence : a critique of the architectonics of international law
The rationality of transcendence : studies in the philosophy of Emmanuel Levinas / Theodore de Boer
In many religious traditions bodily practices, that is ritual actions that make use of the body and have a body-related goal, have evolved. Such practices are especially well developed in South- and East Asian traditions, where they have reached a great complexity in Hatha Yoga or in Daoist meditation. This shows that the human body has a major role to play in religions, which is something that is too often overlooked. Several qualities are attributed to the human body in religious thought systems that may be both positive and negative and in the ritual a framework is created that enables to transform the negative qualities into positive ones – for example, in a purification ritual the unpure body or condition is converted into a pure one. Not only singular qualities may be changed in the bodily practices but the whole body. Such a transformation of the body that aims to transcend the limits of the ordinary human body, can be a religious goal in its own right. The bodily practices of self transformation are based on the idea of the body as something unstable and changeable. In the premodern religious thought the body is more than a biological entity. It is a midpoint between a person and the society and the world that finds itself in a constant process of re-construction. It follows that the identity of a person is strongly tied to the body which is in turn related to how a person acts on a daily basis and to whom one is connected to.
Transcendence and the anthropology of Christianity : language, change, and individualism
The sublime / edited by Simon Morley
Literary beyonds : an introduction
Transcendence and the logical difficulties of transcendence : a logical analysis
Karl Rahner : theology and philosophy
[Abstract]: On the notion of transcendence and its semiotic pertinence.
Sharing the world
How religion works : towards a new cognitive science of religion
Divine transcendence and the culture of change
Transcendence and phenomenology
Philosophy of being : a reconstructive essay in metaphysics
Critique of pure reason
The poetics of transcendence
The concept of the body in Chinese and Indian bodily practices : transformation, perspective, and ethics
Culture and transcendence : a typology of transcendence
The romantic sublime : studies in the structure and psychology of transcendence
Conditions of thought : Deleuze and the transcendental ideas
The material of poetry : sketches for a philosophical poetics
Ghostwritten
We are accustomed to considering the other as an individual without paying sufficient attention to the particular world or specific culture to which the other belongs. A phenomenological approach to this question offers some help, notably through Heidegger's analyses of "Dasein", "being-in-the-world" and "being with'. Nevertheless, according to Heidegger, it remains almost impossible to identify an other outside of our own world. "Otherness" is subjected to the same values by which we are ourselves defined and thus we remain in "sameness'. In this age of multiculturalism and in the light of Nietzsche's criticism of our values and Heidegger's deconstruction of our interpretation of truth, Irigaray questions the validity of the "sameness" that sits at the root of Western culture.
The original analogy : mediating transcendence in the Man without qualities
Minimal theologies : critiques of secular reason in Adorno and Levinas
This book offers a critical analysis of the varieties of contemporary naturalism - from scientific naturalism to religious naturalism. What are the claims of naturalism apart from its denial of 'the supernatural'? What are the distinctive modes of thought within contemporary religious naturalism? Some argue for a science-based worldview, others for a cosmic view of reality that includes human engagement and religious commitment - with or without God-talk. The book shows how an appeal to what is beyond empirically validated facts resurfaces within most varieties of naturalism. But it also points to the fact that immanentist frameworks are widely presupposed among contemporary theologians who do not describe themselves as 'naturalists'. Rival positions and conflicts of interpretations emerge as to the question of transcendence and the Beyond, and different philosophical theologies are at work - from the strict denial of theism to ground-of-being-theisms to classic and alternative views of the divine.
The sense of creation : experience and the God beyond
Transcendence and the logical difficulties of transcendence
The touch of transcendence : a postcolonial theology of God
Peircean scholastic realism and transcendental arguments
One God of all? : probing pluralist identities
Love, desire and transcendence in French literature : deciphering Eros
The transcendences of listening to music : how listening to Bob Dylan moves his fans
Resurrection and moral imagination
The possibility of knowledge
The transcendental method and (post-)empirist philosophy of sciece
The present “turn to religion” has also meant a rekindled interest in transcendence, a concept once deemed a relic of a metaphysical past. This volume approaches transcendence from a particular perspective: that of language and literature seen as a matrix of expression of transcendence and its interplay of immanence. The essays in this volume probe the poetic and literary devices through which transcendence has been solicited, evoked, and generated. This has also meant revisiting the long Christian tradition, not simply to rehabilitate it but as an indispensable source for present writing and thinking. “Thus, ultimately, the present anthology offers no apology for traditional views of transcendence and religious experience but presents original contributions to the poetics of transcendence that are sensitive to religious as well as a-religious languages in literature. It is argued that, in order to rethink meanings and the value of transcendence, rigorous ontological philosophy must once again face up to the imaginative potential of poetics.”--Takakansi
Alterity and transcendence
The idea of form : rethinking Kant's aesthetics
Transcendental arguments and scepticism : answering the question of justification
Transcendent landscapes : a study of art as a religious expression : a tribute to Jan Bergman on the occasion of his 65th birthday
The book of strange new things
Emerson & Thoreau : figures of friendship
Levinas and theology
Review: 'Far more than a discrete proposition, the resurrection of Jesus entails an imaginative world to be inhabited and cultivated-a world that would transform our moral stances by reframing the horizons and desires that shape and often distort our views of transcendence, self and neighbor, and death. Sarah Bachelard's Resurrection and Moral Imagination powerfully evokes such a world, yet does so by showing how the distinctive features of Christian imagination open up to and are deepened by sustained conversation across philosophical and theological boundaries. While skillfully conducting this conversation, Bachelard's own keen insights provide the reader with a rich sense of the Christian's resurrection ethic as a wisdom ethic.' Brian Robinette, Boston College, USA'More than any other book I have read, Resurrection and Moral Imagination brings the kind of moral philosophy first developed in the English-speaking world by Iris Murdoch, into critical dialogue with theology. In prose of enviable simplicity, with sensitivity, depth and sometimes startling originality, Bachelard explores the ways each needs the other.'Raimond Gaita, University of Melbourne, Australia'Innovative, lucid and sensitive, this is a genuinely fresh look at what is distinctive about the Christian moral vision, worked out in conversation with a variety of sympathetic but more secular voices, including Rai Gaita and Iris Murdoch. Sarah Bachelard is a really significant new voice in theological ethics.'Rowan Williams, Magdalene College, Cambridge, UK
Levinas and Kierkegaard in dialogue
On the notion of transcendence and its semiotic pertinence
Robert Penn Warren after Audubon : the work of aging and the quest for transcendence in his later poetry
Points of view
A fire upon the deep
Beyond psyche : symbol and transcendence in C. G. Jung
Evidence and transcendence : religious epistemology and the God-world relationship
The celestine vision : living the new spiritual awareness
The metaphysical foundations of logic
Horizontal rivalry, vertical transcendence : identity and idolatry in Muriel Sparks The prime of Miss Jean Brodie and Donna Tartt's The secret history
Visual arts and religion
Beyond : the philosophy of Emmanuel Levinas
The divine matrix : creativity as link between East and West
Beyond finitude : God's transcendence and the meaning of life
Religious popular music : between the instrumental, transcendent and transgressive
Patterns of transcendence : classical myth in Marina Tsvetaeva's poetry of the 1920s
Naturalism and beyond : religious naturalism and its alternatives
Special issue : global theories of the arts and aesthetics
Modernity's wager : authority, the self, and transcendence
Studies on ontological and methodological foundations of critical realism in the social sciences
The article discusses transcendence in music in relation to popular Sufi performances in East Africa, drawing on specific cases from Zanzibar. Based on fieldwork, it examines ways in which music and movement in a structured event or performance can affect the consciousness. This phenomenon is discussed in close connection to its increasing presence in popular music festivals. The article also addresses the latent conflict between the performative Sufi orders of Islamic faith and the more conservative and increasingly silent Muslims.
Ecstasy : in and about altered states : [Los Angeles, The Museum of Contemporary Art, 9 October 2005 - 20 February 2006] / organized by Paul Schimmel with Gloria Sutton ; edited by Lisa Mark ; essays by Carolyn Christov-Bakargiev ... [et al.]
Moments of bliss and transcendence in jazz : professional jazz musicians'reports of flow experiences
Transcendence in philosophy and religion
No place for God : the denial of the transcendent in modern church architecture
The rationality of transcendence : studies in the philosophy of Emmanuel Levinas
Musically sublime : indeterminacy, infinity, irresolvability
Subjectivity and transcendence
Music and transcendence: Sufi popular performances in East Africa
Kant's "Critique of Pure Reason" is one of the most rewarding, and difficult, of all philosophical works. The text followed is that of the second edition of 1787, and a translation is also given of all first edition passages which in the second edition are either altered or omitted. For this reissue of Kemp Smith's classic 1929 edition, Gary Banham has contributed a major new Bibliography of secondary sources on Kant, including stable internet resources, journal articles and books.
Writing through the transcendence : on Paul Celan's mysticism
He who is : a study in traditional Theism
Discovering existence with Husserl
Considering transcendence : elements of a philosophical theology
The philosophical sense of transcendence : Levinas and Plato on loving beyond being
