http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12959 water consumption
water consumption
The average American lifestyle is kept afloat by about 2,000 gallons of H2O a day. The numbers are shocking. Your Water Footprint reveals the true cost of our lifestyle. A "water footprint" is the amount of fresh water used to produce the goods and services we consume, including growing, harvesting, packaging, and shipping. From the foods we eat to the clothes we wear to the books we read and the music we listen to, all of it costs more than what we pay at the check-out. The 125 footprint facts in this book show the true cost of our lifestyle and what it is doing to Earth, including draining it dry. The "Virtual Water Concept" shows the amount of water used in human activities. Presented in clever, understandable graphics, Your Water Footprint raises readers' awareness of how much water is used to make the things we use, consume and grow. What we put on our dinner table has a very high cost.Nearly 95 percent of our water footprint is hidden in the food we eat: One pound of lettuce costs 15 gallons of freshwater; mango 190 gallons; avocado 220 gallons; tofu 244 gallons; rice 403 gallons; olives 522 gallons; pork 1,630 gallons; butter 2,044 gallons; chocolate 2,847 gallons; and beef 2,500 to 5,000 gallons. A slice of bread costs 10 gallons but if you eat it with a slice of cheese, it takes another 13 gallons. One glass of beer takes 20 gallons of water, and just one standard cup of tea costs 120 same-sized cups of water. A cotton t-shirt takes almost as much water as beef, a pair of jeans even more. In fact, all aspects of our daily lives require water in some way, shape or form. The saying that "nothing is free" applies more to water than anything else we consume, considering just three percent of the world's water is drinkable and that we are using more of it than ever before.Factor in climate change, population growth and pollution and we have an unsustainable situation. Many experts predict dire water shortages if we continue on our current path. Your Water Footprint is riveting. Consumers of all ages will be stunned by what it reveals. It is an excellent reference and an exciting way to introduce the resource-consumption equation to students. - Publisher.
Inland waters : annual topic update 1998
Water consumption and peak factors with reference to Awassa town water supply in Ethiopia
Water consumption and limitations for effective operations in the Leningrad region water sector : comparing findings from Finland, Latvia, Lithuania and Russia
Text and infographics explain how much water it takes to produce an item or carry out an activity, and offer tips on saving water.
Sourcebook of alternative technologies for freshwater augmentation in Africa
Management of nitrogen and water in potato production
Water technology : an introduction for environmental scientists and engineers
Increased energy efficiency by improved control of the biological wastewater treatment proce
Will the source of life dry up?
Review of the impact of pricing policy on water demand in the ESCWA region with a case study on Jordan
A manual for the preparers and users of eco-efficiency indicators : version 1.1
Sustainable water use in Europe. Part 3, Extreme hydrological events : floods and droughts
Hobarth's vision - washing without water
Anthropogenic loads on the watershed of Lake Onega
Ozone-based treatments of process waters and effluents in the pulp and paper industry
Summary (s. 5-8).
Sourcebook of alternative technologies for freshwater augmentation in small Island Developing States
Sourcebook of alternative technologies for freshwater augmentation in East and Central Europe
Finnish water services : experiences in global perspective
Water resources across Europe : confronting water scarcity and drought
Sourcebook of alternative technologies for freshwater augmentation in some countries in Asia
Alternative energy for dummies®
Water Efficiency Enhancement  : Water Efficiency Enhancement in Myyrmäki and Leppävaara Campuses
"This book advocates a more thoughtful approach to urban water management, including for example, exponents of the Water Sensitive Urban Design (WSUD) approach in Australia and Low Impact Development in the US. This new approach involves reducing water consumption, harvesting rainwater, recycling rainwater and adopting Sustainable Drainage Systems (SuDS) where surface water is not sent straight to drains but is intercepted by features like green roofs, rain gardens, swales and ponds. This water sensitive approach conserves water, reduces flooding, cleans water (and therefore streams, rivers and seas). It is compatible with the greener city and green infrastructure agendas, whereby policy makers want to make cities more liveable. This subject matters because the current use of water by cities is unsustainable. Cities in particular need to change the existing linear model of water consumption and use to a more circular one in order to survive. Aquifers all over the world, including some that have taken millions of years to form, are predicted to dry up in the coming decades. Reservoirs, eg Lake Mead near Las Vegas once believed to have permanently solved water supply problems, are falling to dangerously low levels. This book is needed in order to bring together the various specialised technical discussions that have been continuing for some time into a volume that is more accessible to designers (engineers and architects), urban planners and managers, and policymakers. People need to understand that urban water management should increasingly become their concerns rather than a technical matter to be addressed by specialists alone"--
Water : life in every drop
The water-energy nexus in the American west
The water sensitive city
Globalization of water : sharing the planet's freshwater resources
Water for agriculture : facing the limits
The water footprint of modern consumer society
Rearing strategies of young dairy calves in relation to production, behaviour and welfare
Aerobic wastewater treatment under high and varying temperatures : thermophilic process performance and effluent quality
Water consumption and sustainable water resources management
Water and sanitation in the world's cities : local action for global goals
Pump schedule optimisation techniques for water distribution systems
Case studies on water conservation in the Mediterranean region
Thirst for power : energy, water, and human survival
Perfecting the pig environment
When changing a lightbulb just isn't enough
Executive summary.
Running out of water : the looming crisis and solutions to conserve our most precious resource
The state of the environment
Water law & policy : governance without frontiers
Long-term development paths in water services : the case of Finland
Engineering solutions for sustainability : materials and resources : workshop report and recommendations
Water consumption in Russian pulp industry
Vesihuoltolaitokset 1992 = Water supply and sewer systems 1992.
Spatial distribution of water use by eucalyptus plantations in a small catchment in Guangxi, South China : a modelling and GIS approach
Vesihuoltolaitokset 1991 = Water supply and sewer systems 1991.
Water ethics : a values approach to solving the water crisis
Hydropower Reservoir and Sedimentation : A Study of Nam Ngum Reservoir
Sourcebook of alternative technologies for freshwater augmentation in Latin America and the Caribbean
Sustainable Approaches in Construction and their influence on Building Value : The quantification of sustainble buildings value in Germany
Vesihuoltolaitokset 1993 = Water supply and sewer systems 1993.
Flowmeter based on vibration induced by vortices
The future of the Finnish environment
Socioeconomic and environmental impacts of biofuels : evidence from developing nations
Keeping water clean
Water Wars : is the world's water running out?
When the rivers run dry : what happens when our water runs out?
"While many believe that water is a renewable resource that will never go away, the truth is that the availability of this essential element is declining. Global warming creates moonscapes where there were once snow-packed mountains. Population growth has pushed demand, straining our current supply--almost ensuring that water will become as coveted as oil in the twenty-first century. As the water supply declines, there are critical questions to answer: Can we learn to conserve? Can we find ways to renew this resource? Do we have the political will to act wisely before it is too late? Peter Rogers and Susan Leal are experts with decades of experience dealing with the conservation and protection of water. Through the use of case studies, or "success stories," Rogers and Leal explain in accessible terms the scientific, economic, and political aspects of the issue. They offer a comprehensive look at the crisis--from the West Coast, where mighty rivers are being diverted for California's agriculture--to the Gulf Coast of Florida, where snowbird retreats are straining natural resources--to traditionally thirsty parts of the world, like southern India, where water is available but infrastructure to deliver it is limited or nonexistent. Focusing on solutions, Running Out of Water lays out the political leadership, policy action and technology tools required to sustain our water supplies"--
Environmental impacts of sugar production : the cultivation and processing of sugarcane and sugar beet
The water footprint assessment manual : setting the global standard
Your water footprint : the shocking facts about how much water we use to make everyday products
Sustainable water use in Europe. Part 2, Demand management
Eco house manual
Finnish expert report on best available techniques in slaughterhouses and installations for the disposal or recycling of animal carcasses and animal waste
Vesihuoltolaitokset 31.12.1987 = Water supply and sewer systems 31.12.1987
Sustainable water use in Europe. Part 1, Sectoral use of water
