http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12929 MATLAB
MATLAB
MATLAB : the language of technical computing: using MATLAB: version 6.
Contemporary Communication Systems provides a comprehensive introduction to analog and digital communication systems. In addition to a logical and easy-to-understand presentation of fundamental principles, the book engages students in the issues relevant to system and product implementation by integrating a discussion of theoretical concepts with extensive hands-on visual and simulation resources that reinforce learning. A unique feature of the book is sufficient coverage of important topics in digital communications including compression, multiplexing and synchronization techniques. The book also explores the impact of semiconductor revolution (Moore's law) and software technologies in the realization of modern digital communication systems. -- Publisher.
Matlab : the language of technical computing : computation, visualization, programming : using matlab graphics version 5.
Online implementation of blast furnace models written in MATLAB
Designing linear control systems with MATLAB®
"Student-Friendly Coverage of Probability, Statistical Methods, Simulation, and Modeling ToolsIncorporating feedback from instructors and researchers who used the previous edition, Probability and Statistics for Computer Scientists, Second Edition helps students understand general methods of stochastic modeling, simulation, and data analysis; make optimal decisions under uncertainty; model and evaluate computer systems and networks; and prepare for advanced probability-based courses.Written in a lively style with simple language, this classroom-tested book can now be used in both one- and two-semester courses.New to the Second EditionAxiomatic introduction of probability Expanded coverage of statistical inference, including standard errors of estimates and their estimation, inference about variances, chi-square tests for independence and goodness of fit, nonparametric statistics, and bootstrapMore exercises at the end of each chapterAdditional MATLAB codes, particularly new commands of the Statistics ToolboxIn-Depth yet Accessible Treatment of Computer Science-Related TopicsStarting with the fundamentals of probability, the text takes students through topics heavily featured in modern computer science, computer engineering, software engineering, and associated fields, such as computer simulations, Monte Carlo methods, stochastic processes, Markov chains, queuing theory, statistical inference, and regression.It also meets the requirements of the Accreditation Board for Engineering and Technology (ABET).Encourages Practical Implementation of SkillsUsing simple MATLAB commands (easily translatable to other computer languages), the book provides short programs for implementing the methods of probability and statistics as well as for visualizing randomness, the behavior of random variables and stochastic processes, convergence results, and Monte Carlo simulations. Preliminary knowledge of MATLAB is not required. Along with numerous computer science applications and worked examples, the text presents interesting facts and paradoxical statements. Each chapter concludes with a short summary and many exercises"--
A software defined radio implementation using MATLAB
Undocumented secrets of MATLAB®-Java programming
Matrices and MATLAB : a tutorial
MATLAB for neuroscientists : an introduction to scientific computing in MATLAB
Programming in MATLAB
Digital filters : principles and applications with MATLAB
MATLAB toolboxes an applications for control
Dynamic Hydraulic Monitoring in District Metering Areas
Matlab for engineers
Introduction to chemical engineering computing
"MATLAB is a high-level language and interactive environment for numerical computation, visualization, and programming. Using MATLAB, you can analyze data, develop algorithms, and create models and applications. The language, tools, and built-in math functions enable you to explore multiple approaches and reach a solution faster than with spreadsheets or traditional programming languages"--
Creating an interactive system using Matlab web server
Using MATLAB, SIMULINK and control system toolbox : a practical approach
C++ implementation of Matlab camera calibration algorithm
An introduction to numerical methods : a MATLAB approach
Solution implementations for digital filter design and analysis using MATLABA professional engineer charged with designing digital filters for sophisticated electronic devices needs more than design theory to get the job done. It is also essential to have practical guidance in how to characterize a digital filter, choose among a vast number of filter design options available in MATLAB and other software, make proper design choices, and enhance a computer-generated design into the optimal filter for a target application. In addition, it is important to develop skills that make it possible to take full advantage of MATLAB's implementation support.Digital Filters delivers both the theoretical and practical knowledge needed to design, implement, and analyze digital filters using MATLAB. It covers:. Sampling, data acquisition, data conversion and quantization, and transforms. Finite impulse response (FIR) filter attributes, types, special cases, and implementation. Infinite impulse response (IIR) filter attributes, types, special cases, and implementation. State variables as an IIR architectural description language. Multi-rate digital filter systems properties and case studiesEach topic in Digital Filters is supported with numerous examples, many involving the use of MATLAB. The MATLAB scripts used to generate these examples and graphics are available from an accompanying website. These scripts can be easily copied and pasted into MATLAB's Command Window and re-parameterized to reflect specific digital filter applications and needs.
"This book describes the principles of image and video compression techniques and introduces current and popular compression standards, such as the MPEG series. Derivations of relevant compression algorithms are developed in an easy-to-follow fashion. Numerous examples are provided in each chapter to illustrate the concepts. The book includes complementary software written in MATLAB SIMULINK to give readers hands-on experience in using and applying various video compression methods. Readers can enhance the software by including their own algorithms"--
Digital signal processing using MATLAB V.4
MATLAB® : the language of technical computing, External interfaces, version 6.
Control systems engineering
Signals and systems : analysis using transform methods and MATLAB
DSP implementation of audio processing on TMS320C6711
Solving problems in scientific computing using MAPLE and MATLAB
Essential MATLAB for engineers and scientists
Numerical methods using Matlab
Control engineering : an introductory course
Applied numerical analysis using MATLAB
Probability and statistics for computer scientists
The MATLAB handbook
Radar systems analysis and design using Matlab
Matlab : the language of technical computing : computation, visualization, programming : matlab 5 new features version 5.
Introduction to MATLAB
MATLAB manual : computer laboratory exercises
"Describes how to implement colour science in a way that most other texts barely touch upon"--
Digital signal processsing using MATLAB for students and researchers
HARMONICS OVER POWER LINES MEASUREMENT : Algorithm in C and testing environment
Digital signal and image processing using MATLAB®. Volume 2, Advances and applications: the deterministic case
How to use optical measurement in machine vision
MATLAB : an introduction with applications
Nonlinear Distortion in Wireless Systems: Modelling and Simulation with Matlab(r) describes the principles of modeling and simulation of nonlinear distortion in single and multichannel wireless communication systems using both deterministic and stochastic signals. Models and simulation methods of nonlinear amplifiers explain in detail how to analyze and evaluate the performance of data communication links under nonlinear amplification. The book deals with the analysis of nonlinear systems with stochastic inputs and establishes the performance metrics of communication systems with regard to nonlinearity. The relationship between nonlinear system parameters (which are model dependent) and system performance figures of merit is established when the input to the system consists of real-world communication signals. The book also addresses the problem of how to embed models of distortion in system-level simulators such as MATLAB&trade; and MATLAB Simulink&trade; where practical techniques that professionals can use immediately on their projects are presented. The book explores simulation and programming issues and provides a comprehensive reference of simulation tools for nonlinearity in wireless communication systems.
An introduction to MATLAB for behavioral researchers
This thesis was commissioned by Wärtsilä Finland Oy. The purpose of this study was to develop and design an appropriate training simulator for Wärtsilä's exhaust gas cleaning scrubber. The simulator would be used in customer and internal personnel training and for familiarization purposes within Wärtsilä's own training center, Wärtsilä Land and Sea Academy situated in Turku, Finland. Wärtsilä's closed loop fresh water scrubber works as a scrubber model for the simulator. The work included familiarization to the topic and to simulation tools, simulation mode selection, BOM preparation as well as scheduling and budgeting the simulator project. Firstly this study deals with fresh water scrubber operation and its automation. After that the work introduces SOx-scrubbing and SOx-limits as a platform for deeper understanding of the scrubbing operation. This is followed by an introduction to the different simulation methods, comparing them to each other as well as a short discussion of the training simulator models present in WLSA and the suitability of their working principle to this project. Finally, the necessary component list, workload and schedule for the simulator project were prepared and calculations for the payback period of the simulator were executed. A simulator model with a real scrubber automation program was selected as the correct simulator model. The field device operations should be fully simulated with Matlab's simulation tool Simulink. As for communication methods Industrial Ethernet, CAN bus and DDE were chosen. The simulator component price estimation was € 7050. The Price estimation was gathered from earlier projects and from the component lists of local suppliers.
Fundamentals of Digital Image Processing is an introductory text on the science of image processing and employs the Matlab programming language to illustrate some of the elementary, key concepts in modern image processing and pattern recognition drawing on specific examples from within science, medicine and electronics.
Labs for signals and systems : using MATLAB
Controlling telecom instruments using Matlab
Voice Processing Using MATLAB as a Tool
Process control modules : a software laboratory for control design
Research on Image De-Noising Enhancement
Circuit simulation with SFrame, DASSL and MATLAB
Face detection : feature invariant approach method
Multi-sensor data fusion with MATLAB® : theory and practice
A compendium of partial differential equation models : method of lines analysis with MATLAB
System design through MATLAB, Control Toolbox and SIMULINK
The MATLAB 5 handbook
Solving dynamics problems in MATLAB : a supplement to accompany Engineering mechanics: dynamics, 5th edition by J.L. Meriam and L.G. Kraige
Engineering applications of MATLAB 5.3 and SIMULINK 3
Fundamentals of digital image processing : a practical approach with examples in Matlab
Introduction to numerical analysis using Matlab
Introduction to finite and spectral element methods using MATLAB®
In this thesis, the concept of virtual reality has been elaborated in the context of games, industrial design and manufacturing. The main purpose of this master's thesis is to create a virtual environment for games that are near to the reality and according to the human nature through aspects like better interface, simulation, lights, shadow effects and their types. The importance of these aspects regarding realistic virtual environment is complemented through the comparison between two environments i.e. desktop and CAVE on a flight simulation program.
Low-frequency electromagnetic modeling for electrical and biological systems using MATLAB
Tutorials on mathematics to MATLAB
Differential equations : modelling with MATLAB
Applied optimization with Matlab programming
Still image and video compression with MATLAB
A guide to Matlab : for beginners and experienced users : updated for Matlab 7 and simulink 6
Matlab and its applications in engineering : [based on Matlab 7.5 (R20007b)]
What every engineer should know about Matlab and Simulink
Computational Fourier optics : a MATLAB® tutorial
Incremental MATLAB : a program with an incremental user interface
Smart antennas with MATLAB
The finite element method : theory, implementation, and applications
Nonlinear distortion in wireless systems : modeling and simulation with MATLAB
Data-driven modeling & scientific computation : methods for complex systems & big data
MATLAB with applications to engineering, physics and finance
MATLAB the language of technical computing : application program interface guide: version 5.
Application of GPS receiver with MATLAB algorithms
Practical mathematics using MATLAB : version 5
"Preface Starting with the fundamentals of probability, this text leads readers to computer simulations and Monte Carlo methods, stochastic processes and Markov chains, queuing theory, statistical inference, and regression. These areas are heavily used in modern computer science, computer engineering, software engineering, and related fields. For whom this book is written The book is primarily intended for junior undergraduate to beginning graduate level students majoring in computer-related fields - computer science, software engineering, information systems, information technology, telecommunications, etc. At the same time, it can be used by electrical engineering, mathematics, statistics, natural science, and other majors for a standard calculus-based introductory statistics course. Standard topics in probability and statistics are covered in Chapters 1-4 and 8-9. Graduate students can use this book to prepare for probability-based courses such as queuing theory, artificial neural networks, computer performance, etc. The book can also be used as a standard reference on probability and statistical methods, simulation, and modeling tools"--
Statistics toolbox for use with MATLAB : user's guide
Numerical methods with MATLAB : a resource for scientists and engineers
Modeling and analysis of dynamic systems
PID control of brushless DC motor and robot trajectory planning simulation with MATLAB®/SIMULINK®
Contemporary communication systems
Signal processing algorithms in MATLAB
Matlab : the language of technical computing : computation, visualization, programming : matlab notebook user's guide version 5.
Practical mathematics using MATLAB[sup]R
Digital television : technology and standards
Mastering DSP concepts using MATLAB
Elements of matrix modeling and computing with MATLAB
Channel coding for FSK/PSK EDGE
MATLAB programming for engineers
A guide to MATLAB : for beginners and experienced users : updated for MATLAB 8 and Simulink 8
MATLAB® programming for engineers
"The Fourth Edition to the Introduction of Random Signals and Applied Kalman Filtering is updated to cover innovations in the Kalman filter algorithm and the proliferation of Kalman filtering applications from the past decade. The text updates both the research advances in variations on the Kalman filter algorithm and adds a wide range of new application examples. Several chapters include a significant amount of new material on applications such as simultaneous localization and mapping for autonomous vehicles, inertial navigation systems and global satellite navigation systems"--
Digital control engineering : analysis and design
Computational statistics handbook with MATLAB
Acoustic analyses using Matlab® and Ansys®
Matlab : an introduction with applications
Matlab : the language of technical computing : computation, visualization, programming : getting started with matlab version 5.
Introduction to MATLAB with numerical preliminaries
Essentials of MATLAB programming
Design of software for calculating the electrical vector of the heart
Applied digital signal processing : theory and practice
Classical mechanics with MATLAB applications
Learning MATLAB
Inverse synthetic aperture radar imaging with MATLAB
Engineering computation with Matlab
Design of an educational program for control theory using SIMULINK and MATLAB
A guide to Matlab for beginners and experienced users
Analog and digital signal processing
Scientific computing with MATLAB
This hands-on guide shows psychology students how to use MATLAB for analyzing experimental data. Written in a conversational and non-intimidating style, the author walks students step-by-step through importing their data, working with their data, and plotting data for presentation-ready figures and graphs.
AFM/MATLAB analysis of ion beam sputtered ultra-thin nanostuctures
Digital image processing using MATLAB
A MATLAB program for PV module performance analysis based on real outdoor data stored in a PostgreSQL database
Intuitive probability and random processes using MATLAB
Deblurring images : matrices, spectra, and filtering
MATLAB for engineers explained
Radar signal analysis and processing using Matlab
A first course in electrical and computer engineering : with MATLAB programs and experiments
Modeling and simulation of systems using MATLAB and Simulink
Numerical methods in engineering with MATLAB
Simply DSP application with Matlab & TMS320C6711
"Preface The Matlab programming environment uses Java for numerous tasks, including networking, data-processing algorithms, and graphical user-interface (GUI). Matlab's internal Java classes can often be easily accessed and used by Matlab users. Matlab also enables easy access to external Java functionality, either third-party or user-created. Using Java, we can extensively customize the Matlab environment and application GUI, enabling the creation of very esthetically pleasing applications. Unlike Matlab's interface with other programming languages, the internal Java classes and the Matlab-Java interface were never fully documented by The MathWorks (TMW), the company that manufactures the Matlab product. This is really quite unfortunate: Java is one of the most widely used programming languages, having many times as many programmers as Matlab. Using this huge pool of knowledge and components can significantly improve Matlab applications. As a consultant, I often hear clients claim that Matlab is a fine programming platform for prototyping, but is not suitable for real-world modern-looking applications. This book aimed at correcting this misconception. It shows how using Java can significantly improve Matlab program appearance and functionality and that this can be done easily and even without any prior Java knowledge. In fact, many basic programming requirements cannot be achieved (or are difficult) in pure Matlab, but are very easy in Java. As a simple example, maximizing and minimizing windows is not possible in pure Matlab, but is a trivial one-liner using the underlying Java code§:"--
Numerical methods for chemical engineers with MATLAB applications
Environmental data analysis with MatLab
Matlab : the language of technical computing : computation, visualization, programming : bilding guis wits matlab version 5.
Intelligent routines : solving mathematical analysis with Matlab, Mathcad, Mathematica and Maple
Mastering MATLAB 5 : a comprehensive tutorial and reference
Introduction to digital image processing with Matlab
An engineer's guide to MATLAB : with applications from mechanical, aerospace, electrical, civil, and biological systems engineering
MIMO-OFDM wireless communications with MATLAB
Kalman filtering : theory and practice using MATLAB
Signal processing toolbox for use with MATLAB : user's guide
Computer-based excercises for signal processing using MATLAB
MoCap Toolbox - A Matlab toolbox for computational analysis of movement data
Mastering MATLAB : a comprehensive tutorial and reference
Introduction to optimum design
This book solves mathematical analysis problems using popular software packages. Besides fundamental theoretical notions, the book offers many exercises solved both mathematically and by computer, using Matlab 7.9, Mathcad 14, Mathematica 8 or Maple 15.
MATLAB codes for finite element analysis : solids and structures
Programming for chemical engineers using C, C++, and MATLAB®
Abstract.
Numerical simulation of optical wave propagation with examples in MATLAB
Electromagnetic waves, materials, and computation with MATLAB®
Introduction to random signals and applied Kalman filtering : with MATLAB exercises and solutions
Electronics and circuit analysis using MATLAB
This book provides readers with a solid introduction to the theoretical and practical aspects of Kalman filtering. It has been updated with the latest developments in the implementation and application of Kalman filtering, including adaptations for nonlinear filtering, more robust smoothing methods, and developing applications in navigation. All software is provided in MATLAB, giving readers the opportunity to discover how the Kalman filter works in action and to consider the practical arithmetic needed to preserve the accuracy of results. Note: CD-ROM/DVD and other supplementary materials are not included as part of eBook file.
MATLAB supplement to fuzzy and neural approaches in engineering
"This book describes the principles of image and video compression techniques and introduces current and popular compression standards, such as the MPEG series. Derivations of relevant compression algorithms are developed in an easy-to-follow fashion. Numerous examples are provided in each chapter to illustrate the concepts. The book includes complementary software written in MATLAB SIMULINK to give readers hands-on experience in using and applying various video compression methods"--
Statistics in MATLAB : a primer
Matlab Demystified
MATLAB for beginners : a gentle approach
Virtual reality : effective surroundings, enormous demonstration and mediator system in the games, industrial design and manufacturing
Advanced engineering mathematics with MATLAB
Computational colour science using MATLAB
Introduction to audio analysis : a MATLAB approach
Applied numerical analysis using Matlab
Ordinary differential equations : MATLAB manual
Tuning of transducer equalizer in DSPSW in mobile phone
Feedback control problems : using MATLAB and the control system toolbox
Essentials of matlab programming
Random signals for engineers using MATLAB® and Mathcad®
Advanced engineering mathematics with Mathematica and Matlab. Vol. 2
Micromechatronics : modeling, analysis, and design with MATLAB
Understanding the discrete element method: simulation of non-spherical particles for granular and multi-body systems
"Master the basic concepts and methodologies of digital signal processing with this systematic introduction, without the need for an extensive mathematical background. The authors lead the reader through the fundamental mathematical principles underlying the operation of key signal processing techniques, providing simple arguments and cases rather than detailed general proofs. Coverage of practical implementation, discussion of the limitations of particular methods and plentiful MATLAB illustrations allow readers to better connect theory and practice. A focus on algorithms that are of theoretical importance or useful in real-world applications ensures that students cover material relevant to engineering practice, and equips students and practitioners alike with the basic principles necessary to apply DSP techniques to a variety of applications. Chapters include worked examples, problems and computer experiments, helping students to absorb the material they have just read. Lecture slides for all figures and solutions to the numerous problems are available to instructors"--Provided by publisher.
Introduction to MATLAB 7
Techniques and Tools for Solving Acoustics Problems. This is the first book of its kind that describes the use of ANSYS® finite element analysis (FEA) software, and MATLAB® engineering programming software to solve acoustic problems. It covers simple text book problems, such as determining the natural frequencies of a duct, to progressively more complex problems that can only be solved using FEA software, such as acoustic absorption and fluid-structure-interaction. It also presents benchmark cases that can be used as starting points for analysis.
