http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12911 dissimilarity
dissimilarity
Whirlwind : the third magnificently secret diary of Martha Grimstone
Zahrah the windseeker
Boxology : thinking and working inside, outside, and beyond the box and the cubicle
Haganai : I don't have many friends. Volume 5
The pig in a wig
Very different : and other stories
Harry Potter and the goblet of fire
We have always lived in the castle
Boy with the porcelain blade
The odd couple. Season one
Managing diversity in health care manual : proven tools and activities for leaders and trainers
Haganai : I don't have many friends. Volume 3
The odd egg
Firelight
I want to be!
I need a hug
The wilful princess and the piebald prince
My princess boy : a mom's story about a young boy who loves to dress up
The barefoot queen
Be a friend
In this sparkling debut, magic and mayhem clash with the British elite...  The Royal Society of Unnatural Philosophers, one of the most respected organizations throughout all of England, has long been tasked with maintaining magic within His Majesty's lands. But lately, the once proper institute has fallen into disgrace, naming an altogether unsuitable gentleman--a freed slave who doesn't even have a familiar--as their Sorcerer Royal, and allowing England's once profuse stores of magic to slowly bleed dry. At least they haven't stooped so low as to allow women to practice what is obviously a man's profession...  At his wit's end, Zacharias Wythe, Sorcerer Royal of the Unnatural Philosophers and eminently proficient magician, ventures to the border of Fairyland to discover why England's magical stocks are drying up. But when his adventure brings him in contact with a most unusual comrade, a woman with immense power and an unfathomable gift, he sets on a path which will alter the nature of sorcery in all of Britain--and the world at large.
The best of friends
I love I hate I miss my sister
The Topsy-Turvies
In 1959 Virginia, Sarah, a black student who is one of the first to attend a newly integrated school, forces Linda, a white integration opponent's daughter, to confront harsh truths when they work together on a school project.
The howling miller
The dragon who couldn't do dragony things
Child of God
Haganai : I don't have many friends. Volume 4
Braided lives : a novel
Diverse cultural and religious ways of thinking : a dialogue
Esmeralda and the children-next-door
The book of Memory
When there's a race to run, a high shelf to reach, or someone to rescue, boing boing boing. Here come's Springy Jane!
Our Twitchy
My grandmother sends her regards & apologises
Far from the tree : parents, children and the search for identity
Human dignity in the learning environment : testing a sociological paradigm for a diversity-positive milieu with school starters
Bad cat, good cat
Sorcerer to the crown
Self.styled : dare to be different
Haganai : I don't have many friends. Volume 9
Graceling
The slow regard of silent things
Eleanor & Park
In a small South Carolina town, where it seems little has changed since the Civil War, sixteen-year-old Ethan is powerfully drawn to Lena, a new classmate with whom he shares a psychic connection and whose family hides a dark secret that may be revealed on her sixteenth birthday.
Drauge su Gepardu = Keeping up with Cheetah
Please stop laughing at me : bone woman's inspirational story
Looking after Louis
Ping and Pong are best friends (mostly)
Cultural similarity and dissimilarity in intercultural conflicts
My brother is autistic
A cat with a difference
Echoes of us
The girls from Corona Del Mar
The monster diner
The truth sayer
The lowland : a novel
All kinds of families!
The Rosie project : a novel
The end of average : how we succeed in a world that values sameness
How to be bad
With a friend like you
Haganai : I don't have many friends. Volume 11
The hippopotamus
Ruby's big ideas
A duck so small
Deus Ex : mankind divided, day one edition (PS4)
Dusti zibatarin hadiyah = Dostayati, bashtrin diyari = Friendship, the best gift
Night Monkey, Day Monkey
Abnormal : lectures at the Collège de France 1974-1975
Our brains are like computers! : exploring social skills and social cause and effect with children on the autism spectrum
Diversity in coaching : working with gender, culture, race and age
Haganai : I don't have many friends. Volume 8
Is it because?
One is not a pair? : a spotting book
Jessica's ghost
Jacob's New Dress
Puppy love : the story of Esme and Sam
Jungle shorts
My life next door
The nobody
Haganai : I don't have many friends. Volume 6
Giant Jack
What's left of me
Vanish : a firelight novel
Jumping the broom
Darling the curly tailed reindoe
Keeping up with Cheetah
Diversité et culture = Diversity and culture
Yuck! That's not a monster!
The Hueys in the new jumper
Bryn Aven is determined to gain status amongst the Kanin, the most powerful of the hidden tribes. But as a half-blood, winning respect is a huge challenge. Bryn's almost-human community distrusts people, and those from other tribes are almost as suspect. She has just one goal to get ahead: to join the elite guard protecting the Kanin royal family. And Bryn's vowed that nothing will stand in her way, not even a forbidden romance with her boss, Ridley Dresden. But her plans are put on hold when fallen hero Konstantin starts acting dangerously. Bryn loved him once, but now he's kidnapping Kanin children - stealing them from hidden placements within human families. She's sent to help stop him, but will she lose her heart in the process?
Half wild
A proper family Christmas
Love & other man-made disasters
Representations of Finnishness in Sweden
Big bear little brother
The Hueys in what's the opposite?
Aspects of otherness in Japanese culture
Following the thrilling and critically acclaimed Wake of Vultures comes the next spellbinding novel in the Shadow series - a tale of the supernatural world hiding beneath the surface. Nettie Lonesome jumped off a cliff, not knowing what she'd become. She's still not sure, but the destiny of the Shadow is calling her to help someone she'd just as soon watch die. Her new sidekick, an annoying shifter named Earl, is hellbent on finding the Rangers. He's just escaped a railroad camp where monsters are held captive, their very bones used to fuel the tracks scarring Nettie's wild, beloved Durango. And he wants revenge. Nettie, now facing the truth of her own identity and going by Rhett, must decide whether to side with her friends and the badge on her chest or take off alone on the dangerous mission pulling her inexplicably toward the fight of her life. When it comes to monsters and men, the world isn't black and white. What good are two wings and a gun when your enemy can command a conspiracy of ravens?
Once we were
The new picture book : being pictorial lessons on form, comparison, and number, for children under seven years of age
Wow! It's great being a duck
Night monkey day monkey
Some like it Scot
Tiny pretty things
The lowland
Old magic
The ugly duckling
Exile and pride : disability, queerness and liberation
Hieronymus Betts and his unusual pets
The iron man
Alice and the fly
Wake of vultures
Red Girls : the Legend of the Akakuchibas
Racing Savannah
How to be normal : a guide for the perplexed
Conspiracy of ravens
Three cheers for ostrich!
Grimble at Christmas
I'll give you the sun
The Johnny Coffin diaries
Driftwood
Jack's little party
Drama for diversity : the bases of approaching difference and fostering empathy through drama
The Anglo brambles
You're not ugly, duckling!
Haganai : I don't have many friends. Volume 10
Kanin : the complete chronicles
Love Monster
Haganai : I don't have many friends. Volume 7
Why don't Meyers-Briggs personality tests really work? Why are HR tests for new employees often meaningless? Why doesn't BMI - body mass index - correlate to actual health or physical fitness?  Individuals behave, learn, and develop in different ways, but these unique patterns of human behavior get lost in massive systems that play to average performance and average abilities, instead of individual performance and abilities. These systems made sense almost two centuries ago at the dawn of the Industrial Revolution, but in today's globalized digital world they are outdated and inadequate. Yet, every single one of us is affected by these archaic systems. They are far more prevalent that you can imagine, and far more insidious: standardized tests, academic grading systems, job applicant profiling, job performance reviews, job training, even medical treatments. These systems ignore our differences and ultimately fail at measuring and maximizing our potential.   As the first popular book on the science of the individual, The End of Average draws upon the very latest findings in the fields of psychology and sociology to show how, when we focus on individual findings rather than group averages, we are empowered to rethink the world and our place in it.
Under the never sky
The International Journal of Education for Diversities
The Cuckoo Child
