http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12921 collectivisation
collectivisation
Soviet farming failure hits Estonia
The collectivization of agriculture in communist Eastern Europe : comparison and entanglements
Contextualizing the Holodomor : the impact of thirty years of Ukrainian famine studies
The industrialisation of Soviet Russia. 2, The Soviet collective farm, 1929-1930
Stalin's peasants : resistance and survival in the Russian village after collectivization
Rozkulačeno! : půlstoletí perzekuce selského stavu = Half a century of persecution of the peasant estate
The war against the peasantry, 1927-1930
The affirmative action empire : nations and nationalism in the Soviet Union, 1923-1939
The Soviet famine, 1932-33 : an eye-witness account of conditions in the spring and summer of 1932
The Soviet depression and Finnish immigrants in Soviet Karelia
The industrialisation of Soviet Russia. 1, The socialist offensive : the collectivisation of Soviet agriculture, 1929-1930
The political economy of Stalinism : evidence from the Soviet secret archives
Stalinism in a Russian province : a study of collectivization and dekulakization in Siberia
The years of hunger : Soviet agriculture, 1931-1933
Soviet collectivization of Estonian agriculture
The object of labor : commodification in socialist Hungary
Former people : the last days of the Russian aristocracy
The voice of the people : letters from the Soviet village, 1918-1932
"The book examines the way people talk with power - and power talks back to them - in the context of authoritarian state regimes, the Soviet/Russian one being the case in point. My claim is, in the first place, that there does exist such a conversation. I thus strongly resist the reading of recent Soviet history in terms of people's mute and passive subordination to crushing imposition of power, or at best - of forms of indirect resistance or escapism. Instead, my claim is that multi-layered communication between the pinnacle and the broad base of the social pyramid was part and parcel of the identity of the Soviet period all along. As it is argued in the book, grassroots-with-power communication in the Soviet and post-Soviet context reflects a will and corresponding practice for a continuously re-negotiated arrangement with power. Its principal thrust is the establishing of a grassroots-to-power tensed compromise over such fundamentally critical issues like existential security and a degree of well-being. I argue for the presence of effective grassroots' agentivity in the Soviet/post-Soviet context. To examine it I turn special attention to the period of enforced collectivisation of agriculture (1929-1934) in the context of the reindeer husbandry economy of what is today Murmansk Region of NW Russia. My specific ethnography takes a reindeer husbandry practice of mixing private and collective reindeer as a metaphorical expression of a risk-free socioeconomic arrangement I call "sovkhoizm". My general conclusion is that a socioeconomic and political environment that has sovkhoizm as a principal worldview presents serious communicative obstacles as regards a generalized "western" attempt, over the last two decades, for constructive dialogue on, particularly, the Sami indgeneity issue. The ethnographic basis of the study comes from long-term fieldwork with Sami and Komi reindeer husbandry teams in Lovozero District, Murmansk Region."--Takakansi.
Punaste lippude all = Under de röda fanorna = Under the red banners
Total wars and the making of modern Ukraine, 1914-1954
The sovietization of the Baltic states : collectivization of Latvian agriculture 1944-1956
Red bread : collectivization in a Russian village
Stalin in power : the revolution from above 1928-1941
Conversations with power : Soviet and post-Soviet developments in the reindeer husbandry part of the Kola Peninsula
Summary.
Soviet modernization and the changing role of folk festivals in Karelian folk culture
The village and the class war : anti-kulak campaign in Estonia
Yupik transitions : change and survival at Bering Strait, 1900-1960
Let history judge : the origins and consequences of stalinism
Collectivization of agriculture in eastern Europe
Former people : the final days of Russian aristocracy
The power of everyday politics : how Vietnamese peasants transformed national policy
Contending with Stalinism : Soviet power and popular resistance in the 1930s
The harvest of sorrow : Soviet collectivization and the terror-famine
The best sons of the fatherland : workers in the vanguard of Soviet collectivization
I chose justice
