http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p12908 street violence
street violence
Girls' violence : myths and realities
The meanings of violence
Mutafukaz  : Dark meat city
Don't shoot : one man, a street fellowship, and the end of violence in inner-city America
Domestic violence as a risk factor for becoming a street child in post war south Sudan
Chronicler of the winds
"This volume addresses a situation now perceived among the most pressing issues faced by Latin America in our times: the proliferation of increasingly complex forms of violence, a reality with multiple ramifications, marking the socio-political landscape of the region in decisive ways. With contributions by scholars from various fields (the social sciences, journalism, and the humanities), this book examines not only the manifestations and the effects of violence but also the social acts that surround it and make it meaningful. Violence appears here as a natural yet dramatic manifestation of how individuals organize themselves in contemporary Latin America"--
Fear, space and urban planning : a critical perspective from Southern Europe
'To the barricades!' - The cry conjures images of angry citizens, turmoil in the streets, and skirmishes fought behind hastily improvised cover. This title presents the history of the barricade that charts the origins, development, and diffusion of a European revolutionary tradition. It traces the barricade from its beginnings onwards.
Handbook for working with children and youth : pathways to resilience across cultures and contexts
The outsiders
This book examines the phenomenon of urban fear – the increasing anxiety over crime and violence in Western cities despite their high safety – with a view to developing a comprehensive, critical, exploratory theory of fear, space, and urban planning that unravels the paradoxes of their mutual relations. By focusing especially on the southern European cities of Palermo and Lisbon, the book also aims to expand upon recent studies on urban geopolitics, enriching them from the perspective of ordinary, as opposed to global, cities. Readers will find enlightening analysis of the ways in which urban fear is (re)produced, including by misinformative discourses on security and fear and the political construction of otherness as a means of exclusion. The spatialization of fear, e.g., through fortification, privatization, and fragmentation, is explored, and the ways in which urban planning is informed by and has in turn been shaping urban fear are investigated. A concluding chapter considers divergent potential futures and makes a call for action. The book will appeal to all with an interest in whether, and to what extent, the production of ‘fearscapes’, the contemporary landscapes of fear, constitutes an emergent urban political economy.
Empowering children : programme abstracts, participant list
At home in the street : street children of Northeast Brazil
Fractured cities : urban violence, state failure, and social exclusion
Citizens of fear : urban violence in Latin America
Understanding violence
Fear of violence and gendered power relations : responses to threat in public space in Sweden
"This volume includes contributions of scholars from various fields--the social sciences, journalism, the humanities and the arts--whose work offers insightful and innovative ways to understand the devastating and unprecedented forms of violence currently experienced in Latin America. As an interdisciplinary endeavor, it offers an array of perspectives that contribute to ongoing debates in the study of violence in the region"--
Masculinities and violence in youth cultures
Neds : non educated delinquents
"Gang- and drug-related violence is the defining crime problem in our country, and has been for decades. The statistics are alarming and the toll incalculable, and despite countless initiatives from government, law enforcement and social service communities, little has proven effective. Still, remarkably, David Kennedy foresees what no one else could imagine: a happy ending. He has been on the front lines ever since putting together the law enforcement recipe now known as the Boston Miracle, which during the crack epidemic of the 90s cut gang and drug related violence in half. Since then, "Operation Ceasefire" has been refined and deployed- with astonishing success- in over 50 cities. With the endorsement of Attorney General Eric Holder and the National Drug Czar, Kennedy's ideas have become de facto national policy. Don't Shoot tells the story of Kennedy's long journey toward a solution. It began with listening to people on the ground, and what he heard was that there was a trust gap between law enforcement and the community. Closing that gap became the cornerstone of his approach, organizing powerful gatherings in which offenders came together with law enforcers and diverse community members and were asked to stop the violence. It's not that simple, but then again it is-the magic of the approach and of the book. Don't Shoot combines the street verite of The Wire, the social science of Gang Leader for a Day, and the moral urgency and personal journey of Fist Stick Knife Gun. But beyond that, Kennedy will show, unmistakably, that there can be real solutions"--
Fear and crime in Latin America : redefining state-society relations
The insurgent barricade
Meanings of violence in contemporary Latin America
