http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13070 hydrogen peroxide
hydrogen peroxide
Production of hydrogen peroxide and volatile halocarbons by macroalgae
Development of a process for the direct synthesis of hydrogen peroxide in a novel microstructured reactor
ECF bleaching of bamboo kraft pulp
Catalytic direct synthesis of hydrogen peroxide in a novel microstructured reactor
Adaptive responses to progressive drought stress in two poplar species originating from different attitudes
The one-minute cure : the secret to healing virtually all diseases
Use of peroxide bleaching filtrate to reinforce oxygen delignification of softwood kraft pulp
The effect of kraft pulp bleaching on SC paper calender  blackening
Hydrogen peroxide- metals- chelating agents : interactions and analytical techniques
Brightness, bleachability and colour reversion of groundwood made of wet- and dry-stored Norway spruce (Picea abies) pulpwood
Referat. - Sommario.
Bacterial H2O2 resistance in the absence of catalase : from gene identification to structure-functional understanding in Streptococci
Development of porous glass-fiber reinforced composite for bone implants : evaluation of antimicrobial effect and implant fixation
Abstract.
Development of an environmentally friendly method of starch oxidation by hydrogen peroxide and a complex water-soluble iron catalyst
Metal-salen catalysts in the oxidation of lignin model compounds
Hydrogen peroxide in inducible plant stress responses
UVC irradiation based water treatment : a study of UV light emitting diodes, atomic layer deposited TiO2 and novel applications
Mechanisms and applications of disulfide bond formation
Flavins as biomimetic catalysts for sulfoxidation by H2O2 : catalyst immobilization in ionic liquid for H2O2 oxidations
Molecular oxygen and hydrogen peroxide as mild oxidants in catalytic oxidations : applications to palladium and osmium catalysis
Comparison of metal profiles in thermomechanical pulping processes in which either hydrogen peroxide or dithionite bleaching is used
Abstract: Use of ozone and hydrogen peroxide in groundwater purification.
Combination of catalyst development and chemical reaction engineering : a key aspect to improve the hydrogen peroxide direct synthesis
Studies on the use of Fenton's reagent (H2O2-FeSO4) and γ-irradiation to produce radicals on wood fibers to be used for fiberboard bonding
Hydrogen peroxide production during oxygen bleaching of Eucalyptus globulus kraft pulp : origin of cellulose degradation
The quality demands for SC paper have increased due to the creation of polymer covered multinip calenders which have made it possible to reach even better roughness and gloss values. However, the intensified calendering conditions have made calender blackening a limiting factor in production. The precise reasons for calender blackening are still unknown, but several earlier studies have given the reason to believe that calender blackening is a cause of several different factors.  The target of this final thesis was to study whether the bleaching of kraft pulp has any effect on calender blackening. The hypothesis for this work was that decreasing the bleaching of pulp, decreases calender blackening. In the literary part the previous studies about calender blackening were researched. Also theories and studies about hydrogen peroxide bleaching, the properties of SC paper, the optical properties of paper and theories about calendering were studied. In the empirical part softwood kraft pulp was bleached with hydrogen peroxide into three brightnesses (74%, 86% and 89%) and were mixed in two different ratios (85/15 and 70/30) with thermomechanical pulp. Approximately 25 laboratory sheets were created from each pulp mixture and calendered with three different calendering levels by changing the linear load and temperature of the calender. The connection between kraft pulp bleaching and calender blackening was studied via the light absorption and light scattering coefficients. Several studies have come to the conclusion that calender blackening is caused by the local decrease of the light scattering coefficient. Based on the results of the empirical studies no clear connection between kraft pulp bleaching and calender blackening could be found. However, this final thesis confirmed several earlier theories. For example, increasing the share of kraft pulp and calendering intensity as well as decreasing the light scattering, all increased calender blackening. The validity of the results is reliable with certain reservations due to the differences in light scattering, brightness and grammage. Only one pulp should have been used to produce the laboratory sheets, because the diffeences in the kappa number might have influenced the results. Also the effect of the brightness of TMP should have been studied by using two different brightness levels instead of one (78%). Relying on earlier studies, the effect of formation on calender blackening should have been studied also.
Localization and regulation of peroxiredoxins in human lung and lung diseases
Practical applications of a systematic approach to the chemical abatement of pollutants in water and air
Pro-oxidant activity of vitamin C in drinking water : role of copper, iron and bicarbonate
Tertiary treatment of pulp and paper mill wastewaters by ozonation and O3/H2O2 techniques
