http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1304 festivals
festivals
Making of MoA Festival
Suggestions for developing international events in Finland : Case study: SATOA Kuopio Food Festival
Amorph!03 : Summit of Micronations, 29.-31.8.2003, Helsinki, Finland : protocols
Live at Newport
How to sell a show at the Edinburgh festival fringe : the definitive marketing handbook 2001/2002
Selling or telling? : Paradoxes in tourism, culture and heritage : ATLAS reflections 2008
Found footage
The cool camping guide to festivals
Host community perceptions of the impact of events : a comparison of different event themes in urban and regional communities
Security in Music Festivals and Concerts
"The autobiography of a nation" : the 1951 Festival of Britain
Jazz on a summer's day : a Bert Stern movie
Ülemaailmsed Eesti päevad 1972 = The estonian world festival 1972.
Jazz on a summer's day : a Bert Stern movie : highlights from the original film soundtrack
Forces of light ; Valon voimat ; Ljusets krafter
Woodstock vision : the spirit of a generation
Revitalization of a community site-specific art and art festivals : a case of art site Naoshima
The article discusses transcendence in music in relation to popular Sufi performances in East Africa, drawing on specific cases from Zanzibar. Based on fieldwork, it examines ways in which music and movement in a structured event or performance can affect the consciousness. This phenomenon is discussed in close connection to its increasing presence in popular music festivals. The article also addresses the latent conflict between the performative Sufi orders of Islamic faith and the more conservative and increasingly silent Muslims.
ANTI - contemporary art festival : Kuopio - Finland 25.-30.9.2012
Altamont : the Rolling Stones, the Hells Angels, and the inside story of rock's darkest day
This study explores the development of ancient festival culture in the Greek East of the Roman Empire, paying particular attention to the fundamental religious changes that occurred. After analysing how Greek city festivals developed in the first two Imperial centuries, it concentrates on the major Roman festivals that were adopted in the Eastern cities and traces their history up to the time of Justinian and beyond. It addresses several key questions for the religious history of later antiquity: who were the actors behind these adoptions? How did the closed religious communities, Jews and pre-Constantinian Christians, articulate their resistance? How did these festivals change when the empire converted to Christianity? Why did emperors not yield to the long-standing pressure of the Church to abolish them? And finally, how did these very popular festivals - despite their pagan tradition - influence the form of the newly developed Christian liturgy?
The festivalization of culture
Festival and event management in Nordic countries
Shamrock
Urban tourism in the developing world : the South African experience
Copenhagen Space Rock Festival 2002
"Twins Talk is an ethnographic study of identical twins in the United States, a study unique in that it considers what twins have to say about themselves, instead of what researchers have written about them. It presents, in the first person, the grounded and practical experiences of twins as they engage, both individually and together, the "who am I" and "who are we" questions of life. Here, the twins themselves are the stars. Dona Lee Davis conducted conversational interviews with twenty-two sets of identical twins attending the Twins Days Festival in Twinsburg, Ohio, the largest such gathering in the world. Lively and often opinionated, each twin comes through as a whole person who at the same time maintains a special bond that the vast majority of people will never experience. The study provides a distinctive and enlightening insider's challenge to the nature/nurture debates that dominate contemporary research on twins. The author, herself an identical twin, draws on aspects of her own life to inform her analysis of the data throughout the text. Each chapter addresses a different theme from multiple viewpoints, including those of popular science writers, scientific researchers, and singletons, as well as those of the twins themselves"--
Music and transcendence: Sufi popular performances in East Africa
Special event production : the resources
The Woodstock experience : recorded live at The Woodstock Music & Art Fair, Sunday, August 17, 1969
Great festivals of the world
International Marketing Plan of International Sibelius Festival 2015
The Monterey International Pop Festival
How to be fringesafe at the Edinburgh festival fringe : the definitive venue manager's handbook 2001/2002
2. International Performance Festival Odense 8.-12.9.1999 : for eyes and ears
IHME-nykytaidefestivaali / IHME contemporary art festival / Pro Arte Foundation Finland
Angelina's best days out
How to do a show at the Edinburgh festival fringe : the definitive handbook 2001/2002
Tangled up in a brew
Woodstock 94
Live at The Turku Rock Festival
Yesterday's country customs : a history of traditional English folklore
Daughter of Siena
Film festivals : culture, people, and power on the global screen
Functional analysis of the Ogun festival in Ondo, Nigeria
Crossfade : a big chill anthology
Rhinegold world conservatoires
Jazz on a summer's day
the Namahage : a festival in the northeast of Japan. 1978.
Planning and staging the backstage area as an integral part of event production and management on temporary venues
Indigenous film as a tool for developing and maintaining indigenous culture and identity : how do indigenous films and indigenous film festivals as non-governmental organisations develop and maintain indigenous culture and identity?
The Fringe : 50 years of the greatest show on earth
Memesis : the future of evolution
Cuban festivals : an illustrated anthology : edited by Judith Bettelheim
30 years of Pori Jazz Festivals
Chinese festivals
How to be fringe safe : the technical handbook 2000.
Festivals and rituals of Spain
The road to Woodstock
Woodstock : three days that rocked the world
Järvenpään Puistoblues : aged and mellow : in the mood since 1978.
The peoples republic of Wacken
Gen zhao laolao qu liuwaner = Feast of treats for the high Summer days
Nigel Haworth's obsession : 54 chefs & 128 recipes
Angry Birds seasons : a festive flight into the world's happiest holidays and celebrations
All American rock festival
10th Summer edition of the European Youth Olympic Festival 18-25 July = X Festival Olympique de la Jeunesse Européenne, edition d'été 18-25 juillet = Euroopan nuorten olympiafestivaalit 18.-25.7
Woodstock : three days of peace and music : twenty-fifth anniversary collection
Europrix students' contest : Europe's top talent : innovation in multimedia content creation
Motivation of Volunteers in Cultural Events : Case Study on Finnish Film Festivals
Some lie and some die
Kite art in Cervia
Estimating the economic impacts of festivals and events : a research guide
Wild and free
Music, markets and consumption
How to sell a show on the Fringe : : the press & marketing handbook 2000.
A certain place : the Jacob's Pillow story
Festival in the north : the story of the Edinburgh Festival
Quantitative surveys vs. behavioural analysis studying audiences case : Espoo Ciné International Film Festival 2010
Community destination management in developing economies
Advances in hospitality and leisure
The 4th NIPAF Asian performance art series & NIPAF summer seminar document
New York in four seasons
Twins talk : what twins tell us about person, self, and society
Exploring community festivals and events
The impacts of event tourism on host communities : case: the City of Pietarsaari
American next wave
Rock in the East : Expectations Towards a Finnish Rock Festival in the Russian Context
Live from Glastonbury : 14 outstanding tracks live from the world's greatest music festival
Europrix multimedia top talent award 2002 Vienna : Europes best young multimedia creators and producers
Summer full of festivals : [Finland's many summer festivals offer top notch concerts, films, dance, visual arts, architecture and folk traditions]
Buddhism : Rituals and monastic life
Finland sounds a festival fanfare : concerts, films, dance, visual arts, architecture and folk traditions ..
IHME-nykytaidefestivaali 2012 = IHME contemporary art festival 2012
Message to love : The Isle of Wight festival : the movie
A perfect haze : the illustrated history of the Monterey International Pop Festival
Arts and culture in Helsinki
Festivals around the world
Event tourism : concepts, international case studies, and research
Festival fever : Finland's summer festivals offer high standard concerts, films, dance, visual arts, architecture and folk traditions
Roman festivals in the Greek East : from the early empire to the Middle Byzantine Era
The Baltic cultural festival in the Nordic countries : Estonian programme
Park : the main exhibition of Momentum - Nordic Festival of Contemporary Art 2000
Tomorrowland : yesterday is history, today is a gift, tomorrow is mystery
Three chords and the truth : hope, heartbreak, and changing fortunes in Nashville
Indigenous community festivals - Top End : an evaluation using Encore event evaluation kit
How to do a show on the fringe : the definitive handbook 2000.
Festivals, special events and tourism
Koneisto 2003 : festival for electronic music and arts. July 25th-27th, 2003. Helsinki, Finland
Lietuvos tarptautinis teatro festivalis Life : 1993 m. gegužės 10-22 d. = Lithuanian international theatre festival Life
Jazz on a summer's day = Jazzin juhlaa
THE IMPACTS OF EVENT TOURISM ON HOST COMMUNITIES   : Case: the City of Pietarsaari
Garlic capital of the world : Gilroy, garlic, and the making of a festive foodscape
Chinese new year
Koneisto 2002 : festival for electronic music and arts. July 26th-28th, 2002. Helsinki, Finland
Thomas, James and the dirty work
Festivals and events : culture and identity in leisure, sport and tourism
MARKETING OF MUSIC FESTIVALS IN FINLAND : Case Study on Websites
Made in Mexico : tradition, tourism, and political ferment in Oaxaca
Festival herald
Gone with the wool
In the midst of perpetual fetes : the making of American nationalism, 1776-1820
Early soul gospel
The All-Michigan youth symphony and the youth symphonies of Finland : Midsummer music festival June 23 to August 9, 1973.
Piece of my heart
Message to love : The Isle of Wight festival 1970
I see you baby
Bread & Roses : the 1978 folk festival broadcast
Woodstock : 3 days of peace and music
Events and festivals research methods and trends
FUNCTIONAL ANALYSIS OF THE OGUN FESTIVAL IN ONDO, NIGERIA
IHME-nykytaidefestivaali = IHME Contemporary Art Festival
Europrix MultiMediaArt : Europe's best in multimedia : the nominees
Planning and Implementation of Marketing Communications Campaign for Finnish Film Princess : Case: The European Union Film Festival 2010
World party : the rough guide to the world's best festivals
Koneisto : Elektronisen musiikin festivaali. 27.-28.7.2001. Turku, Suomi = Festival for electronic music. July 27th-28th, 2001. Turku, Finland
Hallmark tourist events : impacts, management and planning
Kaustinen folk music festival
