http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13003 systems of supervision
systems of supervision surveillance systems
Controlling borderlands? : new perspectives on state peripheries in southern Central Asia and northern Afghanistan
Biometrics for Border Security: an overview
Method for monitoring exposure to lpg containing small amounts of 1,3-butadiene
Distributed embedded control systems : improving dependability with coherent design
Management accounting and control systems used by R&D intensive firms in different organizational life-cycle stages
Information policies of nuclear regulatory organisations = Les politiques d'information des organismes de réglementation nucléaire
Fluid power : the future for hydraulics
Time-sensitive remote sensing
Low-cost integrated sensor technology for an AMB system
The visible employee : using workplace monitoring and surveillance to protect information assets without compromising employee privacy or trust
Fundamental limitations in filtering and control
Strategic control information in airline route decision
Distributed consensus in multi-vehicle cooperative control : theory and applications
Achieving competitive advantage through quality management
Keeping European consumers safe : ... annual report on the operation of the Rapid Alert System for non-food consumer products : RAPEX
Emergency and security lighting
Exploration of microtopia based on issues of surveillance in the Kamppi shopping center
Electronic security systems : a manager's guide to evaluating and selecting system solutions
Engine electronics
Architectural improvements for mobile ubiquitous surveillance systems
The role of the pharmaceutical sector in malaria control in Ghana
Alarm management for process control : a best-practice guide for design, implementation, and use of industrial alarm systems
Surveillance in the time of insecurity
Environmental management system ISO 14001:2004 & EMAS : self-assessment work book : 38 searching questions and contrasting pairs of examples : what separates the successful  from the average?
The level control of the boiler drum
Fear, control and space : geographies of gender, fear of violence and video surveillance
Abstract: Fault management in electrical distribution systems.
New thinking on ships' safety surveillance
Catalogue of systems for the monitoring of working conditions relating to health and safety
Crime, security and surveillance : effects for the surveillant and the surveilled
Large-scale high-performance video surveillance
A guide for requirement specification of identity and access management in health care
Introduction to surveillance studies
Identity theft for dummies
Automated multi-camera surveillance : algorithms and practice
Secure transfer of surveillance data over Internet using virtual private network technology : field trial between STUK abd IAEA : report on task FIN A929 of the Finnish support program to IAEA safeguards
Save the humans!
Constructive nonlinear control
Basic and advanced regulatory control : system design and application
Advanced technologies for intelligent systems of national border security
Initiative to provide visibility through entire supply chain : multipilot co-operation project
Psycho-pass : Inspector Shinya Kogami. Volume 1
OST Finland : mobile alarming of vibration test result
On identifying and locating-dominating codes
Newnes electronic security systems pocket book
Electronic monitoring in the workplace : controversies and solutions
Eurosig : development of the complete ERTMS concept
Interactive-lessons by computer
Anomaly-based online intrusion detection system as a sensor for cyber security situational awareness system
Integrated Security Systems Design, 2nd Edition, is recognized as the industry-leading book on the subject of security systems design. It explains how to design a fully integrated security system that ties together numerous subsystems into one complete, highly coordinated, and highly functional system.
Enterprisewide network security : effective implementation and international standards
Fault management in electrical distribution systems
Integrating ship bridge systems : a practical guide. Vol 1, Radar and AIS
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary).
IMPLEMENTATION OF WIRELESS HART TECHNOLOGY FOR LIQUID LEVEL CONTROL AND MONITORING
Handbook of Logistics and Distribution Management
Fault diagnosis methods for district heating substations
Regulating secure software development : analysing the potential regulatory solutions for the lack of security in software
In a future where peace and safety are maintained through the constant monitoring of each person's emotional state, Psycho-pass : Inspector Shinya Kogami reveals the detective past of the man destined to become the legendary enforcer Shinya Kogami. An artificial organ with a numbered brand has become the key piece of evidence that leads Kogami and his team to a network of organ smugglers. But the complicated trap they construct for the culprit has a flaw that may prove fatal!
The Internet police : how crime went online and the cops followed
Fiber Optics: Safety Measures on Oil & Gas Pipeline Monitoring in Lagos State Region
Developing Automatic System Monitoring Solution for Accanto Systems Customer Care
New company's standards and estimates in financial aspect
GOFREP : good experience from tripartite arrangement
Affordances in smart environments : affordances in nuclear power station control room-
APROS model validation in case of fast transients in a boiling water reactor
IEC 61131-3: programming industrial automation systems : concepts and programming languages, requirements for programming systems, aids to decision-making tools
SCADA (Supervisory Control and Data Acquisition) systems are at the heart of the modern industrial enterprise ranging from mining plants, water and electrical utility installations to oil and gas plants.
In this presentation the possibilities to improve  facility management by monitoring is introduced  based on case studies on the district-level operation  center of the city of Kuopio and Aalto University  Otaniemi - campus area in the city of Espoo. Also  guidance options of public authorities are introduced  the advanced role of BSO (Building Supervision  Office), city of Oulu, Finland as example. In the  presentation the attention is paid also how one can  convert from the big mass of data the useful  information for stakeholders.
Intelligent Wireless Local Area Network monitoring in industrial environment
Jane's police and homeland security equipment
Metasploit penetration testing cookbook : over 70 recipes to master the most widely used penetration testing framework
Finnish air defence command and control system : [operational and technical overview]
Tedim benefits : a multimodal case study
Feedback and control for everyone
Practical Modern SCADA Protocols : DNP3, 60870.5 and Related Systems
GNSS for vehicle control
Advanced modern control system theory and design
Computational intelligence in time series forecasting : theory and engineering applications
Detecting and isolating faults of an air-handling unit using on-line diagnostic tests
Demonstrating a fault diagnostic method in an automated, computer-controlled HVAC process
Jane's police and security equipment
Intelligence and security informatics : Pacific Asia Workshop, PAISI 2007, Chengdu, China, April 11-12, 2007 : proceedings
Electronic security systems : Better ways to ..
The Control handbook. Vol. 2
Intelligent Wireless Local Area Network Monitoring in Industrial Environment
The 8051 microcontroller
A Guide For Requirement Specification Of Identity And Access Management In Health Care
Process measurement and control : introduction to sensors, communication, adjustment, and control
Computer aided monitoring and control of the electrical network at cern
Facility manager̕ s guide to security : protecting your assets
Monitoring Based Commissioning (mbcx) in Energy and Facility  Management
Human Rights Watch world report. 1994, Events of 1993.
West Coast VTS : reporting points VHF ch 67 ; Archipelago VTS : reporting points VHF ch 71.
The global quality management system : improvement through systems thinking
Observant states : geopolitics and visual culture
Knowledge-based decision support systems for production optimization and quality improvement in the electronics industry
Intrusion detection applications using knowledge discovery and data mining
Detection of human movement by near field imaging / : development of a novel method and applications
Mechatronics : electronic control systems in mechanical and electrical engineering
The implementation of KONE remote monitoring system in China
Selective privacy protection for video surveillance
Control design techniques in power electronics devices
Design your own embedded Linux control centre on a PC
The research problem for this thesis was provided by Rautaruukki Oyj. The purpose of this thesis was to study how modern intelligent wireless local area network monitoring methods and tools could be used to improve WLAN monitoring and functionality at Ruukki Metals steel factory. The research for this thesis was mainly done by studying research papers and articles but also by interviewing specialists and by participating in meetings and presentations. The research was concentrating on different monitoring methods for wireless local area networks and also on the features and characteristics of the selected monitoring software and Ruukki Metals steel factory network environment. The demonstration project was carried out to demonstrate and test the intelligent network monitoring in realistic conditions. The project environment was constructed for Ruukki Metals steel factory site in Raahe, it enabled the possibility to test the capabilities of the intelligent WLAN monitoring tool in an actual factory environment. As well as the existing WLAN network at Ruukki Metals factory, the demonstration project environment was assembled by using Cisco WLAN products. Cisco Prime Infrastructure software was selected as the monitoring tool for the project.The results of the research show that intelligent network monitoring tools are beneficial in monitoring wireless local area networks at a steel factory environment. By using intelligent network monitoring tools, network monitoring and managing becomes more efficient and the function of the network can be improved. Future research possibilities related to this research could relate to improving network monitoring and network reliability. For example effects of using directional antennas and dedicated spectrum analyzators as part of a network monitoring environment. Testing different antenna types and installation positions would provide useful information about what kind of impact they would have on interference tolerance and the range of access points.
Motronic engine management : engine management for spark-ignition engines
The Control handbook. Vol. 1
Flexible sensor for wearable vital sign monitoring system
Intelligence services in the information age : theory and practice
Real-time weld process monitoring
Studies of satellite-based tracking systems for improving law enforcement : comprising investigation data, digital evidence and monitoring of legality
LVIS-2000 and ETRR : future building services and energy-efficient buildings and building components : evaluation of the research programmes 1988-1990
NFPA 92 : standard for smoke systems
The object of this Master’s thesis was to describe the basic functionalities provided by identity and access management system (IAM) and their suitability for a health care environment. Specifying and defining the IAM project began in the Northern Ostrobothnia Hospital District in 2007. The preliminary work for enabling identity and access management automation has been done ever since. Most of the requirement specification work was done during the autumn 2013 for the IAM SSO project in the Northern Ostrobothnia Hospital District. The work consisted of studying various aspects of identity and access management and also analyzing the current state and describing the target state. The studying process consisted of understanding and describing authoritative requirements of IAM in health care, discovering the special features of IAM in Finnish health care and defining the basic IAM use cases in health care. The result of the study was that identity and access management processes should be guided with strict working period or service period information. They are the master data for both internal and external users. They can be used to define user rights, access rights and their active and inactive periods. The quality of the master data affects the whole IAM process. Attaching smart cards to AD enables network and domain login but also managing complicated multi-role identities. IAM is a never-ending process. After critical and key systems have been integrated to an IAM system, there will always be yet another integration to be built. New information systems will be deployed and they need to be integrated to the IAM system. The legislation changes all the time, and the organization structures will also change from time to time. All these affect IAM processes and the functionalities of the IAM system. A properly maintained IAM system will help dealing with the changes.
A survey of european gasoline exposures for the period 1999-2001
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Process control : Designing Processes and Control Systems for Dynamic Performance
Modern control system theory and design
Method for monitoring exposure to gasoline vapour in air - revision 2002
West Coast VTS : reporting points VHF ch 9 ; Archipelago VTS : reporting points VHF ch 71.
Knowledge discovery using diffusion maps
Edison - research programme on electricity distribution automation 1993-1997 : interim report 1995
Neuro-fuzzy control of industrial systems with actuator nonlinearities
Prognostics for industrial machinery availability : final seminar Espoo 12.12.2006
Modern control systems
Development of integrated multipurpose animal recording systems
Application of automatic machinery and alarm equipment in ships
Design for Six Sigma : a practical approach through innovation
Environmental management system ISO 14001 : 35 searching questions and contrasting pairs of examples : self-assessment work book..
Probe Administration Manager
Integrated security systems design : a complete reference for building enterprise-wide digital security systems
Intelligent control systems : theory and applications
Roadmap to prevent and combat drug-resistant tuberculosis : the consolidated action plan to prevent and combat multidrug- and extensively drug-resistant tuberculosis in the WHO European Region 2011-2015
A lightweight, user-controlled system for the home
Surveillance system : based on open-source software
Archipelago VTS : reporting points
Wide area monitoring of interconnected power systems
