http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13050 families with children
families with children
In this article we introduce the on-going (2012-2014) international collaborative project Families on the Move Across Borders: Children's Perspectives on Labour Migration in Europe. First, we present the project and its aims; then, we briefly discuss the current state of migration research on families and children in order to explain how our research can contribute to a fuller inclusion of children in social analysis, not only by challenging the theoretical debates, but also through our empirically rich study. We aim to contribute to the advancement of methodology in childhood and migration studies by studying migration experiences from the child's perspective.
The child diary as a research tool
Role of Family on Pathways to Acquiring Early Reading Skills In Lusaka's Low-Income Communities
Customer needs and wants for organizing children celebrations in Helsinki Metropolitan area
Accessibility and children-friendly environment in the restaurants of Jyväskylä
Yearbook of population research in Finland. 35, 1998-1999
English summary.
Cognitive behaviour therapy for children and families
State intervention and privatization of family life
French kids eat everything : how our family moved to France, cured picky eating, banned snacking, and discovered 10 simple rules for raising happy, healthy eaters
Briefcase full of baby blues
The Wiley-Blackwell handbook of adulthood and aging
I love you but you always put me last
Greek Islands with your family : from golden beaches to ancient legends
"Sweet Sleep is the first and most complete book on nights and naps for breastfeeding families. It's mother-wisdom, reassurance, and a how-to guide for making sane and safe decisions on how and where your family sleeps, backed by the latest research. It's 4 A.M. You've nursed your baby five times throughout the night. You're beyond exhausted. But where can you breastfeed safely when you might fall asleep? You've heard that your bed is dangerous for babies. Or is it? Is there a way to reduce the risk? Does life really have to be this hard? No, it doesn't. Sweet Sleep is within reach. This invaluable resource will help you sleep better tonight in under ten minutes with the Quick Start guide--and sleep safer every night with the Safe Sleep Seven sort out the facts and fictions of bedsharing and SIDS learn about normal sleep at every age and stage, from newborn to new parent direct your baby toward longer sleep when he's ready tailor your approach to your baby's temperament uncover the hidden costs of sleep training and "cry it out" techniques navigate naps at home and daycare handle criticism from family, friends, and physicians enjoy stories and tips from mothers like you make the soundest sleep decisions for your family and your life"--
Sharp objects : a novel
The art of racing in the rain : a novel
The natural disorder of things
Palvelumenojen muutokset lapsiperheissä 1990-luvulla = Changes in service consumption expenditures of families with children in the 1990s
Tales of the peculiar
The acquisition of early reading skills : the influence of the home environment in Lusaka, Zambia
Washington, DC
Son of a gun : a memoir
Promoting child development and mental health in adult psychiatric care : a nurses' perspective
How Eskimos keep their babies warm and other adventures in parenting (from Argentina to Tanzania and everywhere in between)
Taking a strengths-based approach, this book looks at ways practitioners can enhance children's wellbeing by identifying protective factors and positive ways of working with children and their families. Grounded in research yet accessible, the strategies presented will help to encourage positive behaviour and promote emotional and mental wellbeing.
The 7 secrets of raising happy eaters : why French kids eat everything and how yours can too!
Ambushed! : in the family room
Parental leave for fathers? : gendered conceptions and practices in families with young children in Finland
Promoting evidence-based practice in early childhood education : research and its implications
Creating Physical Education Lessons for Family Childminders
More people to love me
Go the fuck to sleep
Family guide Paris
From family wage to marriage subsidy and child benefits : controversy and consensus in the development of family support
Family ideology and social policy : policies towards lone parents in Norway and the UK
Child food choice and the family
Burden of difference? : school welfare personnel's and parents' views on wellbeing of migrant children in Finland
Lifespan perspectives on the family and disability
Women, men and children in families : private troubles and public issues
Eat, cry, poop
Child welfare in Finland
Ten years and still in diapers
$2.00 a day : living on almost nothing in America
Open Road's Paris with kids
Children as treasures : childhood and the midle class in early twentieth century Japan
The fragile world
The distance between us
Family violence
Innocent, yet ambitious : childhood in 19th century America as depicted in Louisa May Alcott's Little Women series
Abstract: The purpose of this final project was to describe the harmful effects of parental substance abuse from child perspective as having to grow up in a substance abusing family is considered as child maltreatment. In addition, the trends in parental substance abuse and the children's visibility in the treatment cycle were stressed as the data was gathered from Järvenpää Addiction Hospital's children's treatment documents.    This study is of qualitative nature including 80 treatment documents from two decades that were processed using content analysis. The theoretical framework was drawn from the attachment theory and especially concentrating on the attachment disturbances.    The findings were reflected against earlier studies and the attachment theory. The results indicated that the four major emotional harms that had risen from previous studies were visible in the treatment documents as well; insecurity, restlessness, anxiety and aggression. Additionally, the children had frequently encountered different traumatising experiences such as domestic violence that then had exposed them to psychosomatic symptoms.    To conclude, the attachment relationship between the parent and the child plays a significant role in the child's development and the substance abuse of a parent may cause attachment disturbances to the child. Therefore, the child perspective in a substance abusing family should not be belittled as the children are habitually suffering severe harm that may affect them throughout their lifespan.
The family dynamics of childbearing and childrearing families, related family demands and support received from child health clinics
Comparing children, families and risks
The Harmful Effects of Parental Substance Abuse on Children
Travel with children : family-friendly travel without the fuss
In this volume, the authors present an overview of the innovative work taking place in relation to domestic violence and child protection. This book looks at new prevention initiatives and how interventions for children exposed to domestic violence have been developed. It shows how services for abusive fathers have evolved and provides discussion and critique of a number of new initiatives in the field of interagency risk assessment. With international perspectives and examples drawn from social care, health care and voluntary sectors, this book brings together established ideas with recent thinking to provide an authoritative summary of current domestic violence and child protection practice. As a valuable source of guidance on how to work safely with children living with domestic violence, this is a key reference for social workers, health professionals and policy makers.
The trouble with goats and sheep
Amazing Places to Take Your Kids : hundreds of North American adventures
Cruising with a child on a Costa's flagship
Children and their families : the continuum of care
At home with entertainment : changing uses, places and meanings of digital entertainment in family leisure
Frommer's National parks with kids
The Welfare of Children with Mentally Ill Parents examines the interventions made by professional workers from a range of different disciplines in families with dependent children and a mentally ill parent. The authors compare responses of professionals in ten European countries and one state in Australia. The analysis of the differences sheds new light on both the inherent and system-determined difficulties in helping families to manage their situation effectively. Features the only comparative study of mental health social services and the law governing compulsory hospital admission Covers a current "hot-button" topic that is growing in importance as the impact of social policy developments on children over time becomes more apparent Offers a unique perspective due to the focus on the impact of children of mentally ill parents and the international systems that deal with child protection.
Family guide Italy
Families with small children face deteriorating circumstances
The summer's end
London for children
The baby and the couple : understanding and treating young families
Pitied but not entitled : single mothers and the history of welfare 1890-1935
London with kids
All the ugly and wonderful things : a novel
The summer wind
501 days out for kids in the UK & Ireland
This book is about the experience of individuals who have been abused or who have abused others, but it also traces the way an abusive experience can organize a family or professional system so that changes Are difficult to achieve. Arnon Bentovim has been in the forefront of the child abuse field for many years, and he discusses in this volume the way his thinking has changed to incorporate the ideas from the feminist movement and the constructionist family therapists. He looks at the way victimizing actions and the traumatic effects of abuse combine to create a trauma-organized system, which includes the individual, the family, the professional helpers, the community, and the cultural values. The author describes the characteristics of these systems and a diagnostic procedure to help the workers plan the treatment. In order to help such a family, he proposes that interventions need to be made at the different levels of this system, and the book outlines various treatment approaches, such as group work for victims and perpetrators, marital and family therapy, and individual work, particularly to clarify the issue of personal responsibility. The book is illustrated by case studies and transcripts from therapy sessions to clarify the specific techniques Bentovim uses to treat such families.
As the daughter of a drug dealer, Wavy knows not to trust people, not even her own parents. It's safer to keep her mouth shut and stay out of sight. Struggling to raise her little brother, Donal, eight-year-old Wavy is the only responsible adult around. Obsessed with the constellations, she finds peace in the starry night sky above the fields behind her house, until one night her star gazing causes an accident. After witnessing his motorcycle wreck, she forms an unusual friendship with one of her father's thugs, Kellen, a tattooed ex-con with a heart of gold. By the time Wavy is a teenager, her relationship with Kellen is the only tender thing in a brutal world of addicts and debauchery. When tragedy rips Wavy's family apart, a well-meaning aunt steps in, and what is beautiful to Wavy looks ugly under the scrutiny of the outside world. Kellen may not be innocent, but he is the fixed point in Wavy and Donal's chaotic universe. Instead of playing it safe, Wavy has to learn to fight for Kellen, for her brother, and for herself.
Children, families and social exclusion : new approaches to prevention
Promoting children's welfare in the Nordic countries
Families with children in recessionary Finland
Mobility experiments : learning urban travel with children in Helsinki
Travel with Children : The Essential Guide for Travelling Families
Poverty and the lone-parent : the challange to social policy
Travel with children
Child perspectives on income and time use  in Finnish families in the 1990s
Sickle cell disease : experiences of caregivers in managing the disease in children under the age of six years old  living in the Western Region of Jamaica
Children and families in health and illness
Services integration for children and youth at risk and their families : the case of Finland
Terms of endearment : a novel : with a new preface
Still going strong : a tracer study of the Community Mothers Programme, Dublin, Ireland
Mothering justice : working with mothers in criminal and social justice settings
Supporting Family Coping in Paediatric Intensive Care
Toward a home-school health partnership : a participatory action research study, 2008-2010
Love and parenthood in an intercultural family
Personalizing care with infants, toddlers and families
New York City with kids
Children and the changing family : between transformation and negotiation
For Cora Kensington, the journey of a lifetime has taken unexpected turns. And her future - her very life - depends on the decisions she'll make at each crossroad. As the Grand Tour with her newfound family winds through France, Austria, and Italy, an unseen enemy trails close behind. And a forbidden love continues to put everyone's plans at risk. Cora must escape the bonds of the past and discover the faith to make the right choices...because each one has grave consequences.
Sosiaalisten tulonsiirtojen kohtaanto : perhepoliittisten tulonsiirtojen kohtaanto = The incidence of social transfers : the incidence of family policy transfers
Never a dry moment
Developing good practice in children's services
Family guide France
Children, youth, and families : the actionresearch relationship
Black rainbow : how words healed me : my journey through depression
Scribbles at an exhibition
Case studies in child, adolescent, and family treatment
Sweet sleep : nighttime and naptime strategies for the breastfeeding family
We were here first : Baby Blues looks at couplehood with kids
Children's and adolescents' achievement strategies, school adjustment and family environment
Down syndrome : the facts
Parenting the touchscreen natives : dilemma with guidelines, content, and context
Children ́s Joensuu : The perceptions of Russian tourists travelling with children
Supercharged food for kids : building stronger, healthier, brighter kids from the ground up
Becoming Nicole : the transformation of an American family
This book presents chapters by many eminent researchers and interventionists, all of whom address the development of deaf and hard-of-hearing children in the context of family and school. A variety of disciplines and perspectives are provided in order to capture the complexity of factors affecting development of these children in their diverse environments. Consistent with current theory and educational practice, the book focuses most strongly on the interaction of family and child strengths and needs and the role of educational and other interventionists in supporting family and child growth. This work, and the authors represented in it, have been influenced by the seminal work of Kathryn P. Meadow-Orlans, whose work continues to apply a multidisciplinary, developmental approach to understanding the development of deaf children. The book differs from other collections in the degree to which the chapters share ecological and developmental theoretical bases. A synthesis of information is provided in section introductions and in an afterword provided by Dr. Meadow-Orlans. The book reflects emerging research practice in the field by representing both qualitative and quantitative approaches. e chapters in the book may surprise readers in that they present a more positive view of family and child functioning than has historically been the case in this field. This is consistent with emerging data from deaf and hard of hearing children who have benefitted from early identification and intervention. In addition, it represents an emerging recognition of strengths shown by the children and by their deaf and hearing parents. The book moves from consideration of child and family to a focus on the role and effects of school environments on development. Issues of culture and expectations pervade the chapters in this section of the book, which includes chapters addressing effects of school placement options, positive effects of learning about deaf culture and history, effects of changing educational practice in developing nations, and the need for increased knowledge about ways to meet individual needs of the diverse group of deaf and hard of hearing students. Thus, the book gives the reader a coherent view of current knowledge and issues in research and intervention for deaf and hard of hearing children and their families.
The private worlds of dying children
Did I mention I miss you?
Finding strength : a mother and daughter's story of childhood cancer
My space
Travel with kids
Children’s Influence on Family Vacation Decision-Making
Children of the 21st century : from birth to nine months
Miss Peregrine's home for peculiar children
Research in the sociology of work. Vol. 7, Work and family
Did I mention I love you?
Britain with kids
The virgin suicides
Family guide New York City
Selfish and prospective : theory and evidence of pocketbook voting
Parent hacks : 134 genius shortcuts for life with kids
The welfare of children with mentally ill parents : learning from inter-country comparisons
Far from the tree : parents, children and the search for identity
You're so mummy
Family troubles? : exploring changes and challenges in the family lives of children and young people
Families on the move in Europe : children's perspectives
The representations of social support from external resources by families raising children with severe disability in connection with dolphin assisted therapy
Children and violence : nature, consequences and interventions
An infant with food allergy and eczema in the family : the mental and economic burden of caring
"From the New York Times bestselling author of The Dovekeepers and The Museum of Extraordinary Things: a forbidden love story set on the tropical island of St. Thomas about the extraordinary woman who gave birth to painter Camille Pissarro the Father of Impressionism"-- Provided by publisher
The friends we keep
Tourism in Kokkola : A product for families
Travel with children : from short breaks to round-the-world adventures
Night shift
London with Kids
The child and family in context : developing ecological practice in disadvantaged communities
Early childhood education 07/08
The purpose of this article is to examine professional practices in matemity and child health care in two countries, Finland and Scotland, concentrating on how motherhood is located in family context, on how family is defined and worked with. Subthemes analysed are the role of fathers, 'family support' fr mothers and the discussion over lone motherhood. The study was carried out through local case studies using ethnographic methods, mainly observation and interviews with health professionals. Results show that Finnish health professionals have adopted a family-oriented way of working emphasising the importance of pair relationships and shared parenthood, compared with their Scottish colleagues, who work in a more women-oriented way and emphasise the role of other women as social support fr mothers. In conclusion the two different professional orientations are connected to wider social and cultural differences between the two countries. .
August : Osage County
Taking up one's worries : a handbook on early dialogues
Domestic violence and protecting children : new thinking and approaches
Travelling with children in Finland with different means of transport
Family support : direction from diversity
Frommer's New York City with kids
100 family adventures
Frommr's Ireland with your family : from vibrant towns to picnic perfect countryside
Transitions to parenthood in Europe : a comparative life course perspective
This paper reports findings from the study that examined the role of family in children's acquisition of early reading skills. We recruited 72 first-grade learners and their parents from low-income Zambian families for the study. In response to a home literacy questionnaire, parents reported on their reading attitudes and family literacy environment. Children's early reading skills were assessed using two early reading tests (orthographic awareness and decoding competence), both conducted at two different points during the year. Regression analyses of pretest and gain scores revealed that parental reading attitude and family literacy environment significantly predicted early reading skills. These findings suggest that the family is an important element in the children's process of learning to read. Implications of the findings are discussed.
Lift and separate
Babushka in flux : grandmothers and family-making between Russian Karelia and Finland
Sociology and social policy for the early years
Early childhood education and care policy in Finland
Naapurit = Bad neighbours
This book challenges the concept of wellbeing as applied to children, particularly in a school-based context. Taking a post-structural approach, it suggests that wellbeing should be understood, and experiences revealed, at the level of the subjective child. This runs counter to contemporary accounts that reduce children's wellbeing to objective lists of things that are needed in order to live well. This book will be useful for academics and practitioners working directly with children, and anyone interested in children's wellbeing.
Family Violence is a comprehensive, multi-disiplinary work that brings together in one source many findings from years of scientific research. Dr. Pagelow introduces various theories of the cuases of family violence; in addition she explores child abuse and neglects, spouse abuse, adolescent abuse, abuse of elderly partents, and the various types of sexual abuse in the family. The work is a summary of research in sociology, psychology, law, women's studies, family studies, social work, medicine, and counseling. It is essential reading for social workers, counselors, and others who are concerned with the causes, identification, and prevention of the many types of family violence.
The unofficial guide to California with kids
The princess diaries
Motherhood in family context : comparing professional practices in maternity and child health care in Finland and Scotland
Children's and families' holiday experience
The young child development from prebirth through age eight
This exceptional collection draws on the most recent demographic data and combines classic research with cutting-edge approaches to provide an invaluable overview of the developmental psychology of the adult years. Covers a wide range of topics within adult development and aging, from theoretical perspectives to specific content areasIncludes newly commissioned essays from the top researchers in the fieldTakes a biopsychosocial perspective, covering the biological, psychological and social changes that occur in adulthood.
Promoting child and parent wellbeing : how to use evidence- and strengths-based strategies in practice
A new regime of governing childhood? : Finland as an example
The cost of children in Finland : simple methods and recent estimates
Finnish Yearbook of Population Research 46
Trauma-organized systems : physical and sexual abuse in families
Paths of life : six case histories
Somali parents' experiences of bringing up children in Finland : exploring social-cultural change within migrant households
Summary.
Happy spouses, happy parents? : family relationships among Finnish and Dutch dual earners
The day phonics kicked in : Baby Blues goes back to school : selected cartoons
Diaries of family workers: empowerment and working with families with children
Our server is down!
The only or the last child : the sole children of Helsinki families in the light of statistics
Reproductive health in southern Africa : government policies and changes in sexual and reproductive health and rights : final report
The harmful effects of parental substance abuse on children
A thousand splendid suns
The marriage of opposites : a novel based on the life of Rachel Pizzarro
Bad neighbours
Family guide Rome
The deaf child in the family and at school : essays in honor of Kathryn P. Meadow-Orlans
Involved parenthood : everyday lives of Swedish middle-class families
The illuminations
Now firmly established as the standard text on the subject, Cognitive Behaviour Therapy for Children and Families, 3rd edition incorporates new and updated material on many topics not covered in previous editions, including the use of low intensity treatment methods with families, the use of new technologies to deliver cognitive behaviour therapy (CBT), the development of mindfulness techniques for children and the use of CBT with ethnic minority groups. The international panel of contributors ensures the highly authoritative and relevant nature of the content, making this text an invaluable source for all child and adolescent mental health professionals, including psychologists, psychiatrists, mental health nurses, family and individual psychotherapists, paediatricians and general psychiatrists.
Filicide, intra-familial child homicides in Finland 1970-1994
Children in families : research and policy
Resource-enhancing nursing at home for families with small children : evaluation of early interventions
A Finland fit for children : the National Finnish Plan of Action called for the special session on children of the UN General Assembly
Finnish Yearbook of Population Research 47
We present and test a theory of prospective and retrospective pocketbook voting. Focusing on two large reforms in Sweden, we establish a causal chain from policies to sizeable individual gains and losses and then to voting. The Social Democrats proposed budget cuts affecting parents with young children before the 1994 election, but made generous promises to the same group before the 1998 election. Since parents with older children were largely unaffected we use a differenceindifferences strategy for identification. We find clear evidence of prospective pocketbook voting. Voters respond to campaign promises but not to the later implementation of the reforms.
Your baby in pictures : the new parents' guide to photographing your baby's first year
Discursive matrixes of motherhood : cultivating decency and emotion in Finnish and French mother-talk
This heartwarming women's fiction series from beloved New York Times bestselling author Mary Alice Monroe centers on Marietta Colson Muir, a dowager of Charleston society who has retired to her historic summer home on Sullivan's Island called Conquest, and her three granddaughters Carson, Eudora, and Harper. It's summer once again on idyllic Sullivan's Island, but Eudora, or Dora as she's affectionately called by her family, is feeling anything but perfect. With a perpetually withdrawn son and an impending divorce, the pressure is just too much to handle, and Dora cracks, suffering what the doctors are calling 'Broken Heart' syndrome. Mamaw, Lucille, Harper, and Carson all rally around Dora to support her and nurse her back to health--however, it seems Dora isn't the only one falling apart this summer. Between Lucille's health scare and an unexpected surprise that has Carson reconsidering her life's direction, it looks like all the women of Sullivan's Island could use some TLC. When Sullivan's is hit with a tropical storm, it will be up to the three sisters to band together and weather the tempest together--both the one outside their windows, and the raging sea of emotions within each one of them.
Abstract: Well-being in low-income families with children.
