http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1300 patient documents
patient documents
Designing patient registry software for Kenyan healthcare
Towards a joint view of the European eHealth priorities : SWOT analysis of patient empowerment and patient summary activities in Europe
The performance of decision support applications utilizing patient record narratives : a review
The contemporary and future clinical skills of emergency department nurses : experts' perceptions using delphi- technique
Proceedings of the 20th EuroPACS annual meeting held 5th to 7th September 2002, Oulu, Finland
Towards automated classification of intensive care nursing narratives
Personalized patient education and the Internet : linking health information to the electronic patient record : STEPPS in burn care
Machine learning and clinical text : supporting health information flow
"This book introduces readers to structured systems analysis and the medications domains. It starts off with top-down decomposition of workflows and data. It applies structured systems analysis methodology and tools to electronic prescription, computerized physician order entry, drug dispensation, medication administration, and clinical decision support. Providing a comprehensive view of the EHR/EMR, the text covers user interface considerations, reporting requirements, and standards and vocabularies for meaningful use. Assuming no previous clinical and/or informatics knowledge, the author uses accessible language and includes over 250 figures and 100 review questions with answers"
Informatics and nursing : opportunities and challenges
Clinical skills : the essence of caring
Examining equity in acces to health care using register data : pathways to coronary revascularisations in Finland 1995-1998
Patient's autonomy, privacy and informed consent
Relevance ranking of intensive care nursing narratives
Clinical care classification (CCC) system manual : a guide to nursing documentation
PACS : a guide to the digital revolution
Documentation for rehabilitation : a guide to clinical decision making
Patient record as a structured document
Nursing care plans & documentation : nursing diagnoses and collaborative problems
Healthcare informatics : improving efficiency and productivity
eHealth of Finland : check point 2006
Critical issues for the development of sustainable e-health solutions
The outcomes of regional health information exchange in health care delivery
Abstract (s. 3).
E-health and e-welfare of Finland : check point 2015
Language technology adds security to medical care
Health care informatics : an interdisciplinary approach
Successful collaboration in healthcare : a guide for physicians, nurses and clinical documentation specialists
Electronic solutions for Ethiopian health sector : electronic medical record (EMR) system
Health information management : integrating information technology in health care work
Healthcare informatics : improving efficiency through technology, analytics, and management
A high quality silent handover in nursing : literature review
Electronic health records for dummies
eHealth roadmap - Finland
E-health and e-welfare of Finland : Check point 2015
Medical data protection in the scope of the right to private life (article 8 of the ECHR) and European Union regulation : comparative analysis
eHealth of Finland : check point 2008
Proceedings of the 16th EuroPACS Annual Meeting, Barcelona, October 1-3, 1998
Nursing documentation : a nursing process approach
Consumer-centered computer-supported care for healthy people : proceedings of NI2006
Information security in distributed healthcare : exploring the needs for achieving patient safety and patient privacy
PACS and digital medicine : a guide to essential principles and modern practice
Documentation for rehabilitation : a guide to clinical decision making in physical therapy
Electronic health record : a systems analysis of the medications domain
eHealth and eWelfare of Finland : checkpoint 2011
Summary.
Personalized patient education and the internet : linkin health information to the electronic patient record : STEPPS in burn care
Documentation manual for writing SOAP notes in occupational therapy
Telemedicine technologies : information technologies in medicine and telehealth
The significance of proximity and timeliness for patient-focused nursing care and electronic documentation in acute care wards
Examining equity in access to health care using register data : pathways to coronary revascularisations in Finland 1995-1998
Personalized patient education and the internet : linking health information to the electronic patient record : STEPPS in burn care
Three years in force : has the Finnish Act on the Status and Rights of Patients materialized?
Interreg PACS : final report : project 02/10/64, fimos 106404 : Southern Finland Coastal Zone Interreg IIIA Joint Programme
"This book provides a compendium of terms, definitions and explanations of concepts, processes and acronyms related to different areas, issues and trends in Distributed Medical Informatics, E-Health and M-Health"--Provided by publisher.
Nursing care plans : transitional patient & family centered care
IHI Global Trigger Tool and patient safety monitoring in Finnish hospitals : current experiences and future trends
Social work documentation : a guide to strengthening your case recording
Finland's national health project and EHR
Electronic patient records in interprofessional decision making : standardized categories and local use
Flow of Information When Transferring a Patient Between Hospitals : Issues in Patient Safety and Continuity of Care
The internet and health care : theory, research, and practice
The patient as text : the role of the narrator in psychiatric notes, 1890-1990
Healthcare information management systems : cases, strategies, and solutions
In search of information systems value : a case study of the EHR benefits realisation efforts of three Swedish hospitals
Managing healthcare information systems with Web-enabled technologies
Biomedical informatics : computer applications in health care and biomedicine
Handbook of research on distributed medical informatics and e-health
Proceedings of Louhi'08 : the first Conference on Text and Data Mining of Clinical Documents, September 3rd-4th, 2008, Turku, Finland
Documentation of patient care as evidence of caring substance
Clinical care classification (CCC) system, version 2.5 : users guide
Documenting occupational therapy practice
National requirements for hospital information systems in private healthcare
Production of reference values from patient data
Conference proceedings for affective encounters : rethinking embodiment in feminist media studies
Connecting health and humans  : proceedings of NI2009
Writing SOAP notes
The aim of this thesis was to produce recommendations for making a high quality silent handover in nursing. With the development of information technology in health care, electronic patient record (EPR) has become an effective tool for documenting patient records. Silent handover based on EPR is as an appropriate method of nursing handover for solving existing reporting problems in nursing. This study explored the previous studies about handovers and EPR based on literature review, in order to define that nursing documentation as the important criteria of a silent handover. The existing problems of nursing documentation were explored by researching on current standards of nursing documentation and nursing documentation audit with D-catch instrument. Key words: handover, silent handover, nursing documentation, electronic patient record, and nursing handover. The findings were found that current nursing documentation to EPR was more chronological descriptive than nursing diagnosis-based and the accuracy of nursing intervention documentation was low. The legibility of documentation was at low than average level. The recommendation for making for creating a high quality of silent handover was made according to the detected problems. There were also recommendations for improving the development of EPR, for researching more about strengths and weaknesses of silent handover and  providing more nursing education for achieving silent handover implementation in clinical practice.
Case studies in primary care : a day in the office
Physical therapy documentation : from examination to outcome
This thesis studies national requirements for hospital information systems in the Finnish private healthcare. The thesis has been carried out done during the years of 2013-2015 and the customer company is Nexamed Ltd. Nexamed is the vendor of the hospital information system called OneClinic. The main customer sector of OneClinic is the Finnish private healthcare. The target of this thesis is to find the differences between the requirements of the Finnish private healthcare and the existing OneClinic functionalities. Because OneClinic is based on a Danish hospital information system called MyClinic, also the Danish private healthcare requirements for the hospital information system are described in some of the thesis topics. This thesis describes the requirements at the general level. Especially the thesis focuses on the authority requirements. The thesis presents high level requirements for electronic medical record systems set by the national patient data repository (i.e. eArchive) and national prescription centre (i.e. ePrescription service). In addition the requirements set by the Kela direct imbursement and new requirements for the OneClinic financial management functionalities set by the Finnish private healthcare are presented in this thesis. Background information for this thesis is collected from the specifications of the authority requirements, laws and discussions with representatives of the Finnish private healthcare. The thesis concludes that the patient treatment processes in Finland and Denmark are similar at the general level but there are a great deal of differences in details. The eArchive service and the ePrescription service in Finland are setting high requirements to the OneClinic information system. Also, financial management processes in the Finnish private healthcare contain new requirements for the OneClinic information system. Especially requirements set by the Kela exists only in Finland.
The CDAtm book
