http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13023 control devices
control devices
Quality management in the imaging sciences
Automotive engineering fundamentals
Tires, suspension and handling
Spinal cord injuries : management and rehabilitation
Integrated Security Systems Design, 2nd Edition, is recognized as the industry-leading book on the subject of security systems design. It explains how to design a fully integrated security system that ties together numerous subsystems into one complete, highly coordinated, and highly functional system.
Contextual text summarization for content processing in mobile learning
CCNP TSHOOT 642-832 official certification guide
Corrosion and climatic effects in electronics
Hydraulic actuating equipment for aircraft
Introduction to information systems
Selected papers on optical techniques for industrial inspection
Hybrid media in personal management of nutrition and exercise : report on the HyperFit project
Car suspension and handling
The UFO controller : gestural music performance
A collaborative process of product lifecycle management for railway signalling infrastructure
The interaction between digital marketing communication and customer loyalty
Expanding the limits of the possible
The DMX512-A handbook : design and implementation of DMX enabled products and networks
Developing a marketing plan for Germany : case Galaxo Ltd
Cisco Networking Academy program : CCNA 1 and 2 : engineering journal and workbook
Traffic engineering and QoS optimization of integrated voice & data networks
Telemental health : clinical, technical, and administrative foundations for evidence-based practice
Iphone® application development all-in-one for dummies®
Resource management information systems : remote sensing, GIS and modelling
Cyber physical destination operating panel
Integrated security systems design : a complete reference for building enterprise-wide digital security systems
In the age of globalization and internationalization it becomes more and more important for companies to enter new markets. Therefore, Finnish company Galaxo Ltd. located in Oulu, Finland intends to enter the German market and distribute its energy management system there. The purpose of this thesis was to prepare a marketing plan in order to provide useful information about the German market for the case company. Furthermore, there was a need for recommendations as the Finnish firm was not familiar with foreign markets, yet. The idea of this thesis topic was developed by the author with the support of Galaxo Ltd. Moreover, the first part of the marketing plan consists of analyses such as competitors’ analysis, stakeholder analysis, PESTEL analysis and SWOT analysis. These chapters are followed by marketing strategy which includes segmentation, targeting, positioning, mission statement and competitive strategy. Moreover, the company ́s objectives were outlined and the marketing mix, consisting of the 4 Ps: product, place, price, place and promotion, was suggested. The background knowledge for this thesis was provided by lectures of courses at Oulu University of Applied Sciences such as marketing, intercultural skills and international business strategy. Moreover, this basis was extended by books, articles and websites that offer in depth information regarding marketing issues as well as topics related to Germany. In addition, meetings with Hannes Huotari, CEO at Galaxo Ltd., and Anu Toljamo, sales manager at Galaxo Ltd., were organized. In addition, there was also e-mail contact with these representatives. Consequently, the case company was provided with the results of the marketing plan during the whole thesis process. The next step for Galaxo Ltd. is to apply the given information and recommendations and enter the German market. Therefore, the target group needs to become aware of the case company and their product Infochannel, which could be reached by implementing presentations and questionnaires for the potential customers, universities in the southern part of Germany.
Information retrieval : searching in the 21st century
Local networks and the Internet
Fundamentals of business data communications
The IT regulatory and standards compliance handbook
All over the world people are exploring what information literacy means in the 21st century. The authors provide a review of trends and theories, and suggest a model that "allows lifelong learners to create meaning through an interactive and participatory social network. Today's learners communicate, create, and share information using a range of information technologies such as social media, blogs, microblogs, wikis, mobile devices and apps, virtual worlds, and MOOCs. In this book the authors present a comprehensive structure for information literacy theory that builds on decades of practice while recognizing the knowledge required for an expansive and interactive information environment. The concept of metaliteracy expands the scope of traditional information skills (determine, access, locate, understand, produce, and use information) to include the collaborative production and sharing of information in participatory digital environments (collaborate, produce, and share) prevalent in today's world. Combining theory and case studies, the authors: Show why media literacy, visual literacy, digital literacy, and a host of other specific literacies are critical for informed citizens in the twenty-first century ; Offer a framework for engaging in today's information environments as active, self-reflective, and critical contributors to these collaborative spaces ; Connect metaliteracy to such topics as metadata, the Semantic Web, metacognition, open education, distance learning, and digital storytelling. This approach to information literacy helps students grasp an understanding of the critical thinking and reflection required to engage in technology spaces as savvy producers, collaborators, and sharers. -- From publisher's website.
Perspectives on sustainability : eco-design principles for the Kone design team
Abstract: Access Point management in heterogeneous wireless networks in VerHo project.
Records management in mobile work
Troubleshooting and maintaining Cisco IP Networks (TSHOOT) : foundation learning guide : foundation learning for the CCNP TSHOOT 642-832
Troubleshooting and maintaining Cisco IP Networks (TSHOOT) : foundation learning guide CCNP TSHOOT 300-135
E-business and e-commerce management : strategy, implementation, and practice
In this bachelor thesis, general topics of the battery technology used in the hybrid and the electric vehicles including the battery management system will be discussed. This thesis will go also through general ideas related to the charging system of the electric and the hybrid vehicles including thoughts about the charging infrastructure. As a result of this thesis there are ideas presented, which can be utilized at the same time when the actual conversion of the vehicle will be executed. In this project, the students made a plan how to convert a Toyota Yaris passenger car to an electric vehicle. This kind of a project is the first in our school and therefore all things faced are quite new for project members. I personally spent my last year abroad in Austria in Fachhochschule Joanneum. FH-Joanneum has a wide knowledge about the content of the hybrid and the electric vehicles. FH-Joanneum is a significant university of applied sciences in Europe and it has projects among others within the EU in the field of electric vehicles. Three students got their thesis topics from this project. The other topics which are done are "Initial measurements and sample calculations" by Sami Heikkinen and "Comparison of electric motors and comparison of different controlling systems" by Antti Juutila.  My part of the project was to select and dimension an appropriate battery system for the vehicle. Another target was to make an outline for the recharging and regenerative energy recovery systems for the vehicle. This thesis was carried out under supervision of Markku Ikonen of the home university and Hubert Berger of FH-Joanneum.
Onboard diagnostics and measurement in the automotive industry, shipbuilding, and aircraft construction
Security management : a critical thinking approach
One click : Jeff Bezos and the rise of Amazon.com
Resource, mobility, and security management in wireless networks and mobile communications
Personal content experience : managing digital life in the mobile age
Data collection and analysis of evacuation situations
JUNOS cookbook
Access Point management in heterogeneous wireless networks in VerHo project
This book explains and then helps readers live with the psycho-techno phenomenon that is bring your own technology (BYOT). Readers will learn how to understand these new end-users and their demands, as well as the strategic and tactical ramifications of these demands. Next, it covers the broad range of technical considerations such as selection, connectivity, training, support, and security. The text includes best practices and case studies of well-known companies, including IBM, Ford, and CarFax
How to unplug : get off your gadgets and start enjoying real life
Savunhallintajärjestelmät = Smoke and heat control systems
Standard requirements for Pulp&Paper industry in Russia : Technical Regulation of Customs Union 032/2013
Discovering computers : complete : your interactive guide to the digital world
Joomla! Mobile development beginner's guide : build Joomla! websites for mobile devices
Mobile technology for interest-based communities : concept design with a knowledge-based approach
Purpose – The purpose of this paper is to examine the barriers associated with the adoption and use  of mobile sales force automation (SFA) systems from a salesperson's perspective.  Design/methodology/approach – A qualitative investigation of two business-to-business  companies was conducted. Data collected from ten semi-structured interviews with directors or sales  managers were analyzed to understand the main barriers to SFA system adoption.  Findings – The study confirms the existence of three barriers (customer knowledge, quality of  information and the characteristics of mobile devices) to a mobile SFA system use and identifies two  additional barriers: lack of time and optimization issues.  Research limitations/implications – The explorative nature of the study and the qualitative  method employed limit the generalizability of the results. The propositions could be further validated  and tested with a wider population.  Practical implications – Organizations wishing to speed the adoption of a mobile SFA system  should evaluate the importance and significance of the five identified barriers to adoption, and plan how  to overcome them. It is important for the providers of the mobile SFA systems to focus on developing  systems that can exploit the different characteristics of each channel and, in parallel, overcome the  inherent limitations of any single channel. The content of an SFA system should be customizable for  each type of mobile device.  Originality/value – Ever increasing mobility has led to a rise in the use of smartphones and tablet  PCs (tablets) in business and the consequent growth in the use of SFA systems. Although SFA systems  have been studied for roughly 30 years, little is known of the impact of newly developed mobile devices  on sales management and sales personnel.
Build your own computer
Managing mobile services : technologies and business practices
Architecture of network systems
The rise of the humans : how to outsmart the digital deluge
Mobility management in heterogenous IP-networks
Network mergers and migrations : Junos design and implementation
Control freak : a real world guide to DMX512 and remote device management
Barriers to the use of mobile  sales force automation system : a salesperson's perspective
Metaliteracy : reinventing information literacy to empower learners
Developing a marketing plan for Germany : Case Galaxo Ltd.
Small unmanned aircraft : theory and practice
Implementing Cisco IP routing (ROUTE) foundation learning guide : foundation learning for the ROUTE 642-902 exam
Discovering computers : student success guide
Building the future : digital strategies for the construction society
Elecric vehicle conversion : battery, recharging and energy system for a Toyota Yaris
Energy-efficient industrial systems : evaluation and implementation
DEVELOPING A MOBILE SITE USING KOODIVIIDAKKO CONTENT MANAGEMENT SYSTEM TOOL – SIVUVIIDAKKO
The visual effects producer : understanding the art and business of VFX
Bring your own devices (BYOD) survival guide
Medium/heavy duty truck engines : fuel and computerized management systems
A whole lot of fuss about LifeNavigator : a human-centered approach to a concept for a mobile application helping individuals to better fit their values and preferences into their everyday life
Computer networks : a systems approach
The restaurant manager's handbook : how to set up, operate, and manage a financially successful food service operation
Handbook of information security management 1999
Network warrior : [everything you need to know that wasn't on the CCNA exam]
Mac OS X system administration
Security and quality of service in ad hoc wireless networks
Software test automation : effective use of test execution tools
Test card's instrument driver
Cisco Networking Academy program : CCNA 3 and 4 : engineering journal and workbook
Mobile device security for dummies
Design your own embedded Linux control centre on a PC
Improving the performance of the semi-active tuned mass damper
Radiographic image production and manipulation
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
The automotive chassis: engineering principles : chassis and vehicle overall, wheel suspensions and types of drive, axle kinematics and elastokinematics, steelring - springing - tyres, construction and calculations advice
Advanced control and instrumentation systems in nuclear power plants : design, verification and validation : IAEA/IWG/ATWR & NPPCI Technical Committee Meeting, Espoo/Helsinki, Finland, 20-23 June 1994
Mobile customer relationship management : a communication perspective
Renewal of RF automated test system software
