http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13087 beautiful
beautiful the beautiful
Why beautiful is not a real word? / Juha Varto
The art and craft of beauty
It : a history of human beauty
In this book, leading philosophers, anthropologists, political thinkers and artists take a closer look at what the idea of beauty can mean to their disciplines, in an effort to redefine what beauty is and what it means to design practice and art. The conception of beauty presented in Vital Beauty aims to draw a line under a century filled with excessive worship of the sublime in art and architecture. Vital beauty, in this book, is conceived as a form of beauty that is imperfect and impure. Over 150 years ago, British art critic John Ruskin came up with the concept and thereby liberated beauty from classical perfection and harmony. In this he acknowledged the fact that we live in a world of currents and forces and that these forces bring forth objects. Vital beauty might just be the ideal label for the combination of the vitality of material and information flows, and the beautiful mountains, clouds, books and edifices that they produce.
A philosophical enquiry into the origin of our ideas of the sublime and beautiful
Philosophies of art and beauty : selected readings in aesthetics from Plato to Heidegger
Builders of the future : Finnish design 1945-67
Stepping out of the tune : an imagological study of Arvid Mörne's poet "Sjömansvisa" (1899)
Aesthetics and material beauty : aesthetics naturalized
The bold and the beautiful : a tenth anniversary celebration
History of beauty
House beautiful
Vital beauty : reclaiming aesthetics in the tangle of technology and nature
Select bibliography
Schopenhauer, philosophy, and the arts
Music from finland lp 206.
Speaking of beauty
Beauty and the contemporary sublime / Jeremy Gilbert-Rolfe
Observations of atmospheric electricity, 1989
A philosophical enquiry into the sublime and beautiful
Aesthetic theory
Writing about everyday beauty in a northern village:an argument for diversity of habitable places
English summary.
Nefer : the aesthetic ideal in classical Egypt
Only a promise of happiness : the place of beauty in a world of art
Beauty, respect and environmental goodness
The Iron King
Philosophies of beauty : from Socrates to Robert Bridges : being the sources of aesthetic theory
The body beautiful : in ancient Greece from British Museum : [Kobe City Museum, 12 March - 12 June 2011 : National Museum of Western Art, Tokyo, 5 July - 25 September 2011] / [texts by Ian Jenkins ... [et al.]
Writing about everyday beauty in a northern village : an argument for diversity of habitable places
