http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1305 institutional services (social services)
institutional services (social services)
Mapping the potential international customer of Finnish Forest Research Institute (Metla) : case study: forest inventory services & data
Best practices from Finland : making opportunities work
Foodservice facilities planning
The effects of competition on employment in the telecommunications industry : case Finland
Bank 2.0 : how customer behaviour and technology will change the future of financial services
Ageing in place : potentials and restrictions : a case study of the living environment for older people in Oulu
Changing money : how the digital age is transforming financial services
Customer service training program for Virginia Woof Dog Daycare Center
Hotelliopas : congressguide, bathing establishments = Hotel guide Finland 2001.
Alternatives to prison sentences : experiences and developments
TELEVIESTINTÄTILASTO 1990 : 1990 = Telecommunications statistics : 1990.
Summary.
Interpreting interpreting : Studies and reflections on sign language interpreting
Governance of infrastructure networks : development avenues for the Finnish water and sewage sector
The Prentice Hall encyclopedia of model business plans
The substitution of letter mail in targeted communication
Abstract (s. 9-10): Quality and productive efficiency? : an economic study on institutional care for older people.
Corporate lending
Housing for the elderly : planning and policy formulation in Western Europe and North America
Lapin tutkimusyksiköt = Research in Finnish Lapland
Financial institutions management : a risk management approach
Abstract: The finnish psychiatric health services in the 1990's from the point of view of historical continuity.
Designing wellbeing in elderly care homes
Telecommunications statistics 1995.
The political principle concerning services for older people in Finland emphasises home care. The public authority set the national targets concerning service provisions and attempts to encourage the older population to remain in their own homes for as long as possible. In this regard, the national government employs a typical sociological or gerontological concept, known as ageing in place. Although the structure of social and health care services significantly shifted to domiciliary services in the 1990s, Finland is still considered to maintain relatively institutionalised welfare programmes. Due to continual ageing and pressures to reduce expenditure on social services, it still remains unexplored as to what extent encouraging ageing in place is realistic from the aspect of the living environment.This study is conducted as a single case study focusing on sixteen local districts in the city of Oulu. The forty-three projects researched, covering all categories, namely residential homes, sheltered housing and rental accommodation for older people, and ranging from central location to suburban districts, are systematically analysed using the building permits and the collected data in addition to the researcher’s neighbourhood surveys. The collected data are primarily analysed in quantitative manners and measured in multi-disciplinary ways.The outcomes of the analysis overall suggest that the living standards of all the housing projects studied here do not necessarily help older residents to cope with every possible environmental problem while real meanings of diversity among the projects studied are considered to be rather limited regarding the aspect of the possible lifestyles of residents. The degree of the realisation of ageing in place depends on the definition of the concept adopted by the various stakeholders (national and local authorities, developers, service providers, older people). The realisation of ageing in place seems to require wider and deeper discussions.Discussion of the ageing-in-place concept points to a lack of preventative objectives which aims at minimising services by providing appropriate living settings for older people instead of pursuing the best combination of care services and accommodation. There are special roles which only housing facilities can address.
Beyond organizational change : structure, discourse and power in UK financial services
Efficiency under public and private ownership : a survey
Guidelines for legislative libraries
Welcome to Jönköping International Business School! : CD-ROM presentation with Microsoft PowerPoint
Kela through a macroscope : application of multilevel service design framework in unemployment security services
Health care organizations around the world are judged in terms of a health care triple bottom line: ensuring employee and patient safety, maximizing employee and patient satisfaction, and meeting financial goals. Given the increasing burden of chronic diseases, the increasing complexity of medical interventions, and the increasing costs of care, innovative leadership is required to achieve this triple bottom line. The 14th volume of the Advances in Health Care Management research series addresses the links between leadership and safety, satisfaction or financial performance in health care management by exploring questions such as the following: (1) How does leadership impact employee safety?(2) How does leadership affect patient safety?(3) How does leadership impact employee satisfaction?(4) How does leadership affect patient satisfaction?(5) How does leadership affect financial performance?(6) How do health care organizations deploy multi-level leadership to achieve safety goals? Satisfaction goals? Financial goals? Multiple goals?(7) How do health care organization leaders establish and maintain a safety culture? A patient-centered culture? A high performance culture? Combined cultures?
Hotelliopas = Hotel guide Finland 1996 : congressguide, bathing establishments
The complete guide to foodservice in cultural institutions : keys to success in restaurants, catering, and special events
Private medical practice : getting it started and making it work
Summary: Memorandum (Final report) of the Working Group Investigating the Significance of Non-Institutional and Institutional Care.
Principles of banking
Institutional apolysis : from horizontal to vertical financial reallocation in public hospitals
The Cloud University platform : new challenges of the co-operation in the European university system
Community care for older people : a comparative perspective
All else equal : are public and private schools different?
Financial services in Europe : an introductory overview
Redefining financial services
Serving seniors : a how-to-do-it manual for librarians
Hoitopaikan valinta : tutkimus terveyskeskuksen palveluista saatujen kokemuksien merkityksestä kolmessa kaupungissa  = Choosing the most commonly used source of care :  a study of the importance of health centre service  experiences in three towns
An evaluative description of changes in a comprehensive psychiatric treatment system
Services and establishment in European Community banking law : a study of its legal approach and implications
Management accounting systems in services : empirical evidence with non-financial performance measurement in Finnish, Swedish and Japanese banks and other financial institutions
Health care resource management : present and future challenger
Residential care : a positive choice, report of the independent review of residential care
The financial sector in Bulgaria
Choices in birth care - the place of birth
Statistics of the Criminal Sanctions Agency
Marketing for health care organizations
Designing commercial interiors
Financial services and poverty reduction : a case study of the use and impact of microfinance services among women street traders in Durban , South Africa
Stress in the multi-ethnic customer contacts of the Finnish civil servants : developing critical pragmatic intercultural professionals
Managing public services - implementing changes : a thoughtful approach to the practice of management
Improving performance through service productisation
Reinventing financial services : what consumers expect from future banks and insurers
Sonera sound : Sonera journal
Daily pain in institutional long-term care : a study observational pain using Minimum Data Set 1.0
Nutrition and nutritional care of elderly people in Finnish nursing homes and hospitals
Reforms in long term care policies in Europe : investigating institutional change and social impacts
Preventing mental illness : mental health in primary care
Leading in health care organizations : improving safety, satisfaction, and financial performance
Telecommunications statistics
Independent lives? : community care and disabled people
Hybrids in temporary institutional care : Children with an immigrant background in municipal temporary institutional care in Greater-Helsinki.
Public services go on the market : Finnish experiences and views of new public enterprises and companies
Telecommunications statistics 2002
Regulation and the nature of postal and delivery services
The professional's guide to financial services marketing : bite-sized insights for creating effective approaches
Point Blanc : the graphic novel
Health and social service use among older people : the last two years of life
The future of global financial services
Building environmentally responsible metropolis
