http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p130 exhaustion
exhaustion burnout
Managing teacher stress
Industrial safety and environment
Ministry burnout
Superfoods to boost your mood : foods that fight depression
Ultimate relaxation : unlock your potential
Burnout : the complex dyad between the employee and the organization
Posttraumatic stress disorder : malady or myth?
Overtraining, staleness, and burnout in sports
The role of individual differences in occupational stress and well being
Work stress : studies of the context, content, and outcomes of stress : a book of readings
Recovery from work stress : antecedents, processes and outcomes
Management in health care : a theoretical and experimental approach
Stress in teachers : past, present and future
Stress and burnout in library service
Banishing burnout : six strategies for improving your relationship with work
Palliative and supportive care of advanced cancer
Teachers managing stress and preventing burnout : the professional health solution
How to deal with stress
Stress at work : does it concern you?
Emotional labour and burnout among public middle school teachers in South Korea
Loving someone who has dementia : how to find hope while coping with stress and grief
Exhaustion : a history
Employee perception of work stress in Finnish call centers
Stress ans stress management : research and applications
Research in the social scientific study of religion. Volume 26
Stress of conscience and burnout in healthcare : the danger of deadening one's conscience
Stress and emotion : a new synthesis
Revive! : end exhaustion and feel great again
The role of achievement and social strategies and of work-life areas in job burnout
Process of burnout : structure, antecedents, and consequences
Mind, stress and health
Occupational well-being : the role of areas of worklife and achievement and social strategies
Teacher stress as a longitudinal process
Understanding teacher stress in an age of accountability
The effect of the work environment on the health of nurses described by Nigerian nurses
Vital exhaustion, anger expression, and pituitary and adrenocortical hormones : implications for the insulin resistance syndrome
Narratives of agency in job burnout recovery
Physiological and emotional stress reactions : the effects of temperament and exhaustion
Student engagement in Finnish lower secondary school
Managing stress and conflict in libraries
The burnout companion to study and practice : a critical analysis
Social policy and social dimensions on vulnerability and resilience in Europe
Attrition in Swedish forestry work 1986-1990 : extent and causes
Burnout and self-reported health among finnish physicians
Empathy fatigue : healing the mind, body, and spirit of professional counselors
Emotional and physiological processes and positive intervention strategies
Treating job burnout in employee rehabilitation : changes in symptoms, antecedents, and consequences
The renewal of personal energy
Leadership, personality and performance
Crisis in education : stress and burnout in the American teacher
Essentialism : the disciplined pursuit of less
Burnout : strategies for personal and organizational life speculations on evolving paradigms
Personal work goals put into context : associations with work environment and occupational well-being
A different kind of teacher
Sport psychology interventions
Managing workplace stress : a best practice blueprint
Stress and burnout among nurses in Addis Ababa
Work-related crisis exposure, psychological trauma and PTSD in news journalists
The impact of two-dimensional perfectionism on burnout and eating disorders in young Finnish athletes : comparison between males and females
Occupational burnout : how do hotel frontline department heads perceive it?
Literature reviews in sport psychology : Sheldon Hanton and Stephen Mellalieu, editors
Workplace safety
Consolation
Managing burnout in the workplace : a guide for information professionals
Chronic fatigue syndrome (CFS/ME) : the facts
Daddy lost his head
You dont't have to go home from work exhausted!
Managing people during stressful times : the psychologically defensive workplace
Effects of ICT connectedness, permeability, flexibility, and negative spillovers on burnout and job and family satisfaction
Learning from burnout : developing sustainable leaders and avoiding career derailment
Caring for ourselves : a therapist's guide to personal and professional well-being
Student engagement in two Singaporean secondary schools
Burnout : the cost of caring
Managing stress : from theory to application
Nerve-wracking or rewarding? : a multidisciplinary approach to investigating work-related well-being, stress regulation and quality of pedagogical work among early childhood professionals
Cognitive fatigue : multidisciplinary perspectives on current research and future applications
Abstract : The purpose of this thesis was to create an informative package for the managers in the case company to explain the importance of wellbeing at work and describe the symptoms and causes for burn out as well as to hear real-life experiences from burn out recovery process. The study was based on one of the qualitative research methods, narration. The respondents were asked to write a story and narratively describe the causes for burn out, reflect his/her own actions and evaluate the main rehabilitation methods used in the healing process. The goal was to learn what kind of support the employees of the case company would have needed, especially from their managers, during the process.   Wellbeing at work consists of physical, social and psychic wellbeing. The term ''burn out'' stands for a slow exhaustion of personal physical, emotional and cognitive resources. The main symptoms are comprehensive exhaustion, cynical attitude towards work and weakened professional self-confidence. Healthy lifestyle is the basic cure for the condition but there are also several rehabilitation methods provided by the employer or the society to turn to when there are symptoms of burn out. Even though burn out is seen as mainly caused by work, 20 percent of the reasons behind the syndrome can be explained by personal factors. Organizational citizenship behavior, leadership skills of the manager and social support are seen as possible preventive measures for the condition. The narrative study was implemented in the case company in January 2011 and the study analysis was conducted by using deductive content analysis. Among the respondents the main reasons for burn out were excessive amount of work and overtime hours, continuous change in the work environment and for some, no manager to turn to. Also personal problems including sickness in the family combined with elements from the work were seen as causes for burn out. Respondents had been suffering from fatigue, problems to sleep, lack of motivation and cynicism and some also reported having psychosomatic symptoms.  On the grounds of the study results, people dealing with the burn out have individually been playing the key role in the recovery process and they have not quite felt the support needed from their superiors. Sick leave was the most used rehabilitation method. And discussions with the skilled professionals or friends/family members were seen as the most effective rehabilitation methods in the process of overcoming burn out. Nevertheless, better life control seems to be the most efficient way to fully recover from burn out and to improve the quality of life in the long haul.
Handbook of work stress
Engaged or exhausted : how does it affect dentists' clinical productivity?
The psychology of fatigue : work, effort, and control
Stress in life and at work
Conflict, change and organizational health
The change of well-being : mediator and moderator effects of depression in Muupu intervention
Sound Mind in Sound Hands : Efsli 2009 conference proceedings, Tallinn, Estonia, September 19th - 20th 2009 [Moniviestin]
Participants' outcome expectations and changes in well-being and ill-being in mindfulness based intervention for burnout
Overcoming stress
Work-related stress and different sources of social support as determinants of burnout in middle-aged women
This volume includes a wide range of papers that explore individual and institutional aspects of religion from a social-science perspective. The special section has articles from research groups in Europe, the USA and Australia on clergy work-related psychological health, stress, burnout and coping strategies. The general papers include studies on coping strategies among Buddhists, gender differences in response to church decline, teenage participation in religion, social capital among Friends of Cathedrals, psychological profiles of clergy, education effects on Roman Catholic deacons, and an analysis of prayer requests. Together these papers form a valuable collection indicating the depth and vibrancy of research in these fields.
The joy of not working : a book for retired, unemployed, and overworked
Striving for self-esteem : conceptualizations and role in burnout
Upside of stress : why stress is good for you, and how to get good at it
Motivation, burnout and engagement during critical transitions from school to work
Mindfulness in eight weeks : the revolutionary eight-week plan to clear your mind and calm your life
Professional burnout : recent developments in theory and research
Psychology of stress
Work without stress : a practical guide to emotional and physical well-being on the job
Treating worker dissatisfaction during economic change
Psychological flexibility, occupational burnout and eating behavior among working women
Vital exhaustion, temperament and cardiac reactivity in task-induced stress
Personal resilience for healthcare staff : when the going gets tough
Teachers today : a guide to surviving creatively
Phases of burnout : developments in concepts and applications
The changing relationship between personality traits and acceptance skills
A large proportion of today's workforce finds itself coping with major responsibilities at home as well as rising expectations and demands on the job. The combination of work and family demands often leads to time pressure and conflict. As a result, a growing number of employees in today's organisations are suffering from burnout, a stress syndrome characterised by emotional exhaustion, depersonalisation and diminished personal accomplishment. Burnout has consequences for family outcomes, including diminished positive affect, increased marital conflicts, and feelings of stress among family members. Effects on work outcomes have also been reported, such as diminished work performance and organisational commitment and increased absenteeism levels. In response to this problem, a broad array of research has focused on factors that reduce burnout, labelled as social support. This new book gathers the latest research from around the globe in this field.
Psychology of burnout : predictors and coping mechanisms
Experiences in burn out recovery process in a case company
Sound Mind in Sound Hands : Efsli 2009 conference proceedings, Tallinn, Estonia, September 19th - 20th 2009
In The Laws of the Knowledge Workplace, Dr Jemielniak has collected research-based chapters providing deep, interdisciplinary insight into knowledge professions, addressing issues of professional identity, emotion, power and authority, trust and indoctrination, and management behaviour. The accounts and studies in this book come from management.
Psychological stress at work : proceedings of the International Symposium 7-9 June 1999, Espoo, Finland
Student exhaustion and burnout
Abstract.
Police officer stress awareness and management : a handbook for practitioners
Stress and burnout in the human service professions
Teacher burnout in the public schools : structural causes and consequences for children
Job stress and burnout : research, theory, and intervention perspectives
No more fatigue : why you're so tired and what you can do about it
The tiredness cure : how to beat fatigue and feel great for good
Stress-busting for teachers
Mindfulness, acceptance and value-based intervention for burnout : mediational roles of learning the elements of the intervention on outcomes
Burnout and health professionals : manifestations and management
Work motivation and stress in customer related businesses
Managing teacher stress and burnout
The end of stress : four steps to rewire your brain
The aim of this study was to investigate the relationship between burnout and a number of work related factors among nurses working in a hospital care settings. To enhance the quality of nurses work life through the development of an infrastructure that supports, sustains healthful and productive, social and physical environments. Also to provide an environment that supports and fosters safety, well-being, and productivity of nurses. Data were categorized into themes during the analysis of the questionnaire. These data revealed that staff reported numerous negative effects of work stressors in their environment on clinical practice and their health. Negative effects on nurse`s health included- tiredness, stress, irritability, excessive workload, long term backache, reduced communication with patient and their relatives. This tremendously reduces the quality of care. Results showed that work environments associated with low levels of burnout were those in which workers had good support and feedback, job clarity, autonomy and low levels of complexity in their work, who had managers with a social leadership style and who had realistic expectations about their patients'' potential for healing. Furthermore, it was found that it was the mean work experience of nursing staff that was important in determining burnout. These findings should be of interest and concern to nursing management.
Toward wellness : prevention, coping and stress
The laws of the knowledge workplace : changing roles and the meaning of work in knowledge-intensive environments
How motivation affects cardiovascular response : mechanisms and applications
A review of employee well-being and innovativeness : an opportunity for a mutual benefit
The alienated librarian
