http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13031 oneness
oneness
Union and distinction in Dionysius the Areopagite
International affairs : Christians in the struggle for World Community : an ecumenical survey
The Meissen declaration and its implementation
One and many in Aristotle's Metaphysics. The central books
Faith and Order : Louvain 1971 : study reports and documents
Jesus Christ frees and unites : section VI : Human development - The ambiguities of power, technology and quality of life : 5th assembly, World Council of Churches, Jakarta 75
The Leuenberg Agreement and Lutheran-Reformed relationships : evaluations by North American and European theologians
Church fellowship - visible structured unity and essential ecclesial diversity : an analysis of the concept of unity in the documents of the Roman Catholic/Lutheran Joint Commission from the second dialogue round (1973-1984); with particular regard to models and criteria of unity
Beyond the Reformation? : authority, primacy and unity in the conciliar tradition
Minutes of the Assembly of the International Missionary Council, November 17-18, 1961, and of the First Meeting of the Commission on World Mission and Evangelism of the World Council of Churches, December 7-8, 1961 at New Delhi
Can a renewal movement be renewed? : questions for the future of ecumenism
The nature and purpose of the church : a stage on the way to a common statement
For the years ahead : programme of the Commission on Faith and Order after the Fifth Assembly of the World Council of Churches, Nairobi, 1975.
Be renewed : a theology of personal renewal
Afirmations and admonitions : Lutheran decisions and dialogue with Reformed, Episcopal, and Roman Catholic churches
God's reign and our unity : the report of the Anglican-Reformed International Commission 1981-1984, Woking, England, January 1984
Personal renewal or sanctification belongs to the heart of the Christian life and is becoming more important in our present-day culture. Listening to Scripture and in conversation with a variety of theologians from the protestant tradition, the author presents an up-to-date concept for a theology of personal renewal. In this concept the spiritual union with Christ unio mystica cum Christo is taken as the starting point in order to consider the way in which renewal obtains form in relation to God, our neighbour, ourselves and the world. To place this concept into a historical perspective, van Vlastuin begins his study with an investigation of Luther and Calvin's theology concerning the relationship between the union with Christ and personal renewal. The concept is developed within the current theological debate, with particular reference to the eschatological character of the Christian life. An important issue concerns the measure of renewal, especially in relation to the sinful heart of the believer. In this context the author also deals with the question of sanctification as a position or a process, and the relation between the two. In addition the relationship between the Holy Spirit and the human soul in the process of renewal is discussed. Another important issue concerns the abiding significance of the law and the way in which it functions in the Christian life. The exploration of several theological positions leads to a modern concept by which to understand law. The study concludes with an investigation of the relationship between the eschatological Christian life in this present life and the complete revelation of the eschaton.
What did the World Council say to you?
In many contexts the attribute "catholic" is misunderstood as a confessional term describing one specific church. The papers of the 18th Academic Consultation of Societas Oecumenica presented in this book give insights to the ecumenical significance of the "catholicity," which all churches confess in the Creed. They also take into consideration the tensions between unity and diversity as well as the challenges by new developments in worldwide Christianity.
Whither ecumenism? : a dialogue in the transit lounge of the ecumenical movement
From recognition to reception : the Apostolic faith and the unity of the church in the World Council of Churches
That all may be one : perceptions and models of ecumenicity
Natural law, justification and justice - ethical and social ethical aspects of the unity of the church
Ways of worship : report of a theological commission of Faith and Order
Minutes and reports of the meeting of the Provisional Committee of the World Council of Churches, Buck Hill Falls, Penn., April 1947
Social and cultural factors in church divisions
Unità dei cristiani : dovere e speranza : per il 50. anniversario dell'istituzione del Pontificio consiglio per la promozione dell'unità dei cristiani (1960-2010) = Christian unity : duty and hope : for the 50th anniversary of the foundation of the Pontifical council for promoting Christian unity (1960-2010)
How can unity be achieved? : ecumenical case studies : Ghana, Korea, Rumania, Switzerland, Uruguay
Towards church union 1937-1952 : a survey of approaches to closer union among the churches
Report of the American Section of the Commission on Intercommunion : submitted to the Continuation Committee, 1942.
Survey of church union negotiations 1957-1959
Jesus Christ frees and unites : section IV : education for liberation and community : 5th assembly, World Council of Churches, Jakarta 75
The true church and morality : reflections on ecclesiology and ethics
One and many in Aristotle's Metaphysics. Books alpha-delta
Lutherans and Episcopalians together : a guide to understanding
There is no doubt that ecumenism occupies a prominent place in the history of the church in the twentieth century: countless churches have been renewed through encounter with Christian sisters and brothers in other confessions and cultures. But it is not clear that this ecumenical impulse will continue to figure prominently in the church's story. In this book Michael Kinnamon argues that the ecumenical movement, which has given such energy and direction to the church, needs to be reconceived in a way that provides renewing power for the church in this era; and he shows how this might happen. He names the problems with ecumenism, identifies strengths and accomplishments upon which the church now can build, and suggests practical, concrete steps we can take in the direction of revitalization, especially at the local level.
Report of the second world conference and order : submitted for the consideration of the participating churches
This collection of essays engages the basic themes of the five-year, joint research project (GOA) The Normativity of History. The project brought together specialists in the areas of Church History and Systematic Theology to investigate questions of truth and tradition in light of their varying expertise. The thematic scope of this volume includes questions concerning tradition and its development, the present context of plurality and its challenges for discerning a theological epistemology of tradition-bound truth, and the challenges of religious diversity for contemporary theology. As a whole, these reflections suggest that the force and weight of history must be adequately accounted for when attempting to answer theological questions in a manner that does justice to a tradition that is very much embedded in and shaped by the complexities manifest in its living and at times, ambiguous history.
Journal of the 2nd National Theological Conference on worship : sponsored by WCC Faith and Order Commission, East Asia Christian Conference, Philippine Federation of Christian Churches, Manila, Union Theological Seminary, April 17-19, 1961.
Apostolicity and unity of the church in the new context: towards an ecumenical convergence between free churches and traditional churches
The 1939 meeting of the continuation committee : held at St. George's School, Clarens, Switzerland, August 21-23, 1939.
Baptism and the unity of the Church
Survey of Church Union negotiations, 2003-2006
The Evanston report : the second assembly of the World Council of Churches, 1954
On the way to fuller Koinonia : official report of the fifth World Conference on Faith and Order
Leuenberg, Meissen and Porvoo : consultation between the churches of the Leuenberg Church Fellowship and the churches involved in the Meissen Agreement and the Porvoo Agreement = Leuenberg, Meissen und Porvoo : Konsultation zwischen den Kirchen der Leuenberger Kirchengemeinschaft und den an der Meissener Erklärung und der Porvoo-Erklärung beteiligten Kirchen : Liebfrauenberg, Elsaβ 6. bis 10. September 1995
Oberlin reports : the Nature of the Unity we Seek : the North American Conference on Faith and Order, Oberlin, Ohio 1957.
Pentecostalism and Christian unity : ecumenical documents and critical assessments
The 1947 meeting of the Continuation Committee held at St. George's School, Clarens, Switzerland, August 28 - September 1, 1947.
Koinonia and the quest for an ecumenical ecclesiology : from foundations through dialogue to symbolic competence for communionality
Despite the presumption that baptism is the basic bond of unity between the churches, the path toward mutual recognition remains a long one. Here is a brief yet authoritative guide to the historical, theological, and practical issues involved. Deeply grounded in scholarship and teaching, Heller's work offers an overview of the ecumenical theological discussion on baptism: the different confessional views, Faith Order work on baptism, the historical development of the divergences, ways towards mutual recognition of baptism as they have been proposed or realised on local and regional as well as multilateral and bilateral levels. Beyond that, Heller, who has worked on the issues for nearly two decades, offers her own assessment of the prospects for and path toward Christian unity on this most basic symbol of Christian identity.
The church-idea : an essay towards unity
Diversity & Unity : Brisbane, Australia 25-31 July 1999.
Many cells, one body : stories from small Christian communities
Called to communion and common witness : report of the joint working group between the Lutheran World Federation and the World Alliance of Reformed Churches (1999- 2001)
Teaching authority in the early Church
A brutal unity : the spiritual politics of the Christian church
Ecumenism, Christian origins and the practice of communion
The unity of the church and the unity of mankind : a study document of the Commission on Faith and Order
ACCRA 1974 : meeting of the Commission on Faith and Order : held at the Mensah Sarbah Hall, University of Ghana, Legon, Ghana, July 23-August 4, 1974 : Minutes and documents
Understanding the gift of communion : the Quest for a shared self-understanding of the Lutheran Communion : a reader
Survey of church union negotiations 1973-1975
The nature of the church : a report of the American Theological Committee of the Continuation Committee, World Conference on Faith and Order
Ecumenism : a bibliographical overview
On the church : select treatises
The unity of Plutarch's work : "Moralia" themes in the "Lives", features of the "Lives" in the "Moralia"
Paths to unity : explorations in ecumenical method
Unity in Crisis: Protometaphysical and Postmetaphysical Decisions
Umstrittene Katholizität : von der zwiespältigen Beziehung zwischen Vielfalt und Einheit : Tagungsbericht der 18. Wissenschaftlichen Konsultation der Societas Oecumenica = Catholicity under pressure : the ambiguous relationship between diversity and unity : proceedings of the 18th academic consultation of the Societas Oecumenica
Communio and dialogue : a report from the consultation on ecumenical dialogues, Venice, 24-28 September 1991
Lambeth essays on unity : essays written for the Lambeth Conference 1968
Resisting the threats to life : covenanting for justice, peace and the integrity of creation
Next steps on the road to a united church ; report no. 5, prepared by the Commission on the church's unity in life and worship (Commission IV) for the World conference on faith and order, Edinburgh, 1937. This report has been drafted for the Commission by William Adams Brown ... Published for the Continuation committee
Revisioning Christian unity : journeying with Jesus Christ, the reconciler, at the Global Christian Forum, Limuru, November 2007
This volume of ecumenical documents, key texts, and critical essays is the first collection of its kind exclusively dedicated to Pentecostalism and its contributions to Christian unity. In the first part, a cadre of internationally renowned scholars addresses the ecumenical heritage and perspectives of the Pentecostal movement since the early twentieth century. Part 2 offers a collection of final reports from international dialogues with Pentecostal participation. The final part contains programmatic essays in response to The Nature and Mission of the Church, a major study on the doctrine of the church published by the World Council of Churches. Most of these essays were first presented by the ecumenical-studies group of the Society for Pentecostal Studies, currently the only organized ecumenical think tank among Pentecostals in North America. Since its formation in 2001, the group has encouraged Pentecostal participation in ecumenical concerns, has hosted Roman Catholic-Pentecostal conversations at the annual meeting of the Society, has invited international scholarly debates on ecumenical matters, and has engaged in the study of ecumenical consensus statements. The essays and documents in this collection model the dedication and commitment among Pentecostals today that engage the challenges and opportunities of Christian unity from the perspective of a tradition that has often been falsely accused of being anti-ecumenical. This collection presents an invaluable resource for teachers, scholars, and pastors interested in engaging the global Christian arena from the worldwide and ecumenical image of Pentecostalism.
The unity we seek
Jan van Ruusbroec : mystical union with God
Lutheran ecumenism on the way : documentation from the Klingenthal consultation 5-8 June 1990.
Joseph Ratzinger in communio. Volume1, The unity of the church
Baptized into Christ : a guide to the ecumenical discussion on baptism
A plan of union for the Church of Christ Uniting
Unity of mankind : speeches from the 4th Assembly of the World Council of Churches, Uppsala 1968
A chance to change : women and men in the Church
Uppsala speaks : section reports of the Fourth Assembly of the World Council of Churches, Uppsala 1968.
A conceptual analysis of the oceanic feeling : with a special note on painterly aesthetics
A call to reunion : arising out of discussions with Cardinal Mercier (Archbishop of Malines), to which is appended a translation of the Cardinal's pastoral letter to his diocese
What unity requires : papers and report on the unity of the Church
The normativity of history : theological truth and tradition in the tension between church history and systematic theology
Anglican-Moravian conversations
Jesus Christ frees and unites : section II : what unity requires : 5th assembly, World Council of Churches, Jakarta 75
Called to one hope : the gospel in diverse cultures
Ecumenical ecclesiology : unity, diversity and otherness in a fragmented world
On the church : select letters
Hallelujah : popular songs of inspiration
Faith and order : finding our oneness
Conceptions of unity in recent ecumenical discussion : a philosophical analysis
Unity of the church in the New Testament and today
Further studies on the Christian community in the modern world : second preparatory study outline for the World Conference of Christian Youth, Amsterdam, Holland, July 24-August 2, 1939
The nature of the church : a report of the American theological committee of the Continuation committee, World conference on faith and order
Uppsala to Nairobi, 1968-1975 : Report of the Central Committee to the 5th Assembly of the World Council of Churches
The Executive Committee at Geneva on February 20th : Conférence universelle sur la foi et la constitution, le Comité exécutif à Genève du 20 Février = Weltkonferenz für Glauben und Kirchenverfassung, der Exekutivausschuss bei Genf des 20ten Februars
Problems and paradigms of unity : Aristotle's accounts of the one
Lucid living : life is a dream and you can wake up
Jesus Christ frees and unites : section III : Seeking community - The common search of people of various faiths, cultures and ideologies : 5th assembly, World Council of Churches, Jakarta 75
"The same but different?" : the relationship between unity and diversity in the theological ecumenism of Yves Congar
The church and the churches
The Council and reunion
On the way to visible unity, Meissen, 1988 : relations between the Church of England, the Federation of the Evangelical Churches in the German Democratic Republic and the Evangelical Church in Germany in the Federal Republic of Germany
Further considerations on behalf of reunion : with appendices, including a full account of the visit to Paris in 1896 for conferences on reunion
Community, unity, communion : essays in honour of Mary Tanner
Complicated presence : Heidegger and the postmetaphysical unity of being
Complicated presence : the unity of being in Parmenides and Heidegger / Jussi Backman
Meister Eckhart : an Asian perspective
Jesus Christ frees and unites : section V : structures of injustice and struggles for liberation : 5th assembly, World Council of Churches, Jakarta 75
Lambeth and reunion : an interpretation of the mind of the Lambeth conference of 1920
Towards a confession of the common faith
The meaning of baptism for the unity of the church
The church and the churches : toward an ecumenical ecclesiology
Making unity more visible : the report of the Meissen Commission 1997-2001
