http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13016 winter time
winter time
From Lapland to the Gulf of Finland 1939-44 : a war odyssey in words and pictures
Valtaistuinpeli : Game of thrones. 4. kausi
Robin's winter song
Kaamos : hämärän maisemat = landscapes of darkness / Antero Takala
Mouse guard : Winter 1152
Rautatiet sotavuosina TK-miesten kuvaamana : in the lens of army photographers = Finnish railways in wartime
Abstract.
Winter story
A chronology of Antarctic exploration : a synopsis of events and activities from the earliest times until the International Polar Years, 2007-09
Circadian rhythm disruptions and health
It's winter!
The battle of Finnish independence 1939-1945 : A pictorial narration of the Finnish wars
Winters child
Under the midnight sun : Liisa cooks and tells
Ensilumi = First snow = Pervyj sneg
A game of thrones
The Seasons : Spring : Summer : Autumn : Winter
Snow business : a study of the international ski industry
One snowy night
Rautatiet sotavuosina TK-miesten kuvaamana  = = Finnish railways in wartime : in the lens of army photographers
Birds from a primaeval temperate forest hardly use feeders in winter
Valtaistuinpeli = Game of thrones. 1. kausi
Seasons of Finnish lifestyle
Seasonal feeding strategies of subarctic zooplankton
Valtaistuinpeli : Game of thrones. 5. kausi
The complete book of the flower fairies
English summaries.
Red sings from treetops : a year in colors
What happens in winter?
Nordic tourism : issues and cases
From grand duchy to modern state : a political history of Finland since 1809
Valtaistuinpeli : Game of thrones. 3. kausi
Sport & tourism : a reader
The Lapp King's daughter : a family's journey through Finland's wars
Talvinen Suomi : teema - expo = Vinter-Finland : tema - expo = Winter-Finland : theme - expo : Galerie Oljemark, 11.1. - 2.2.1975
The battle of Finnish independence 1939-1945 : a pictorial narration of the Finnish wars
Helsinki : towards a solid cycling culture : a journey into winter cycling
Under the North Star. 3, Reconciliation
Winter's child
The four seasons : Antonio Vivaldi
Årstider = Seasons : choral music a cappella
Valtaistuinpeli : Game of thrones. 2. kausi
Aspects of security : the case of independent Finland
The vegetarian hearth : recipes and reflections for the cold season
A child observes the coming of winter and its effects on the weather, animals, and plants. Includes suggestions for wintertime activities.
Finland in World War II : history, memory, interpretations
The childcare practice of children's daytime sleeping outdoors in the context of Northern Finnish winter
From the front to the West Coast : the recollections of the Finnish war veterans in Vancouver
Round trip in the North: rundreise im Norden
Winter holidays in Finland. Part 1, Study of the British and French market
Summaries
The destruction of the museums of Eastern Finland during the Winter War of 1939-49 and its effect on popular memory
Into the white
A chef for all seasons
Art by the water / Riitta Ojanperä
Winter : an ecological handbook
A Game of Thrones
A study of Chinese tourists in Finland : winter 2003
First snow season in Rovaniemi : economic impacts 2007 and tourist profile 2008
The world of Pekka Halonen's art : harmony between man and nature / Anna-Maria von Bonsdorff
Finnish fieldpost 1939-1945
