http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13033 gender quotas
gender quotas
Smashing the glass ceiling or barely scratching it? : is the Finnish outlook on the woman-on-boards Directive proposal positive for a reason
Essays on female policymakers and policy outcomes
The "nordic gender equality paradox": how Nordic welfare states are not only empowering women, but also (un)intentionally holding them back
There is an increasing awareness that gender equality is not something that just "is" in unproblematic and natural ways, but that it may be understood and packaged in several ways, with quite different consequences. It therefore makes good sense to ask, with the authors in this book, how gender equality is understood and practised in the Nordic countries, with their avowedly good record on gender equality measures. It makes especially good sense to look closely at the consequences and difficulties that arise out of the many-faceted meanings attached to "gender" and "equality" in politics and policies, as well as in daily life. In this book, eleven Nordic scholars offer critical analyses of current dislocations, dilemmas and contradictions in the field of Nordic gender equality. They have studied issues to do with constructing state and nation, regulating political practices and producing gendered subjectivities. The authors are affiliated with universities in Denmark, Finland, Norway and Sweden and united in seeing the need for a critical scholarly stance on Nordic gender equality policies and practices.
The new politics of gender equality
The impact of gender quotas
Feminizing politics
Women in parliament : beyond numbers
Summary.
Media influence on pollution, and gender equality
"Momentous changes in the relation between women and the state have advanced women's status around the globe. Women were barred from public affairs a century ago, yet almost every state now recognizes equal voting rights and exhibits a national policy bureau for the advancement of women. Sex quotas for national legislatures are increasingly common. Ann Towns explains these changes by providing a novel account of how norms work in international society. She argues that norms don't just provide standards for states, they rank them, providing comparative judgments which place states in hierarchical social orders. This focus on the link between norms and ranking hierarchies helps better account for how a new policy, such as equality for women in public life, is spread around the world. Women and States thus offers a new account of the relationship between women and the state, and of the influence of norms in international politics"--Provided by publisher.
Women, quotas and politics
Critical studies of gender equalities : Nordic dislocations, dilemmas and contradictions
Women and states : norms and hierarchies in international society
The gender of democracy : citizenship and gendered subjectivity
Political economics of special interests and gender
Gender on corporate boards : a discourse analysis of a debate of gender quotas on an internet discussion site
Quotas for indirectly elected bodies : a tailor-made solution for Finland
Gender, politics and democratisation in Cameroon
Engineering equality? : assessing the multiple impacts of electoral gender quotas
Parité! : sexual equality and the crisis of French universalism
Essays on development : household income, education, and female political participation and representation
Gender, management and market discourse : the case of gender quotas in the Swedish and Finnish media
Breaking male dominance in old democracies
Firms, boards and gender quotas : comparative perspectives
