http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13058 Late Middle Ages
Late Middle Ages
History of the world. Late middle ages
Dialectical disputations. Vol. 1, Book 1
Crusading as an act of vengeance, 1095-1216
Byzantium and Venice, 1204-1453 : collected studies
England in the fourteenth century : proceedings of the 1991 Harlaxton symposium
Between two worlds : the construction of the Ottoman state
Examines the political development of Portugal between the eleventh and thirteenth centuries. Taking place amid the struggle between Christendom and the Islamic world for control over the Iberian Peninsula, the formation of Portugal also depended on the growing European influence felt throughout the peninsula during these centuries.
History of Venice. Vol. 1, Books I-IV
Dialectical disputations. Vol. 2, Books II-III
The later medieval English church is invariably viewed through the lens of the Reformation that transformed it. But in this bold and provocative book historian George Bernard examines it on its own terms, revealing a church with vibrant faith and great energy, but also with weaknesses that reforming bishops worked to overcome.Bernard emphasizes royal control over the church. He examines the challenges facing bishops and clergy, and assesses the depth of lay knowledge and understanding of the teachings of the church, highlighting the practice of pilgrimage. He reconsiders anti-clerical sentiment and the extent and significance of heresy. He shows that the Reformation was not inevitable: the late medieval church was much too full of vitality. But Bernard also argues that alongside that vitality, and often closely linked to it, were vulnerabilities that made the break with Rome and the dissolution of the monasteries possible. The result is a thought-provoking study of a church and society in transformation.
Relics and writing in late medieval England
The virtuoso circle : competition, collaboration, and complexity in Late Medieval French poetry
The decline of serfdom in late medieval England : from bondage to freedom
Vernacular theology : Dominican sermons and audience in late medieval Italy
Icastes : Marsilio Ficino's Interpretation of Plato's Sophist : five studies and a critical edition with translation
Malory and his European contemporaries : adapting late Arthurian romance colllections
Monsters, marvels and miracles : imaginary journeys and landscapes in the middle ages
The fascinating history of Isabeau of Bavaria is a tale of two queens. This title argues that Isabeau handled her role astutely in such a contentious environment, preserving the monarchy from the incursions of the king's powerful male relatives.
Gender and text in the later Middle Ages
Dialectical Disputations, translated here for the first time into any modern language, is his principal contribution to the philosophy of language and logic. With this savage attack on the scholastic tradition of Aristotelian logic, Valla aimed to supersede it with a new logic based on the actual historical usage of classical Latin and on a commonsense approach to semantics and argument. Valla provides a logic that could be used by lawyers, preachers, statesmen, and others who needed to succeed in public debate - one that was stylistically correct and rhetorically elegant, and thus could dispense with the technical language of the scholastics, a "tribe of Peripatetics, perverters of natural meanings." Valla's reformed dialectic became a milestone in the development of humanist logic and contains startling anticipations of modern theories of semantics and language. Volume 2 contains Books II–III, in which Valla refutes Aristotle's logical works on propositions, topics, and the syllogistic.
The art of solidarity in the Middle Ages : guilds in England 1250-1550
The Church in the later Middle Ages
Bartolomeo Platina (1421-1481), historian, political theorist, and author of a best-selling cookbook, began life as a mercenary soldier and ended it as the head of the Vatican Library. A papal official under the humanist Pope Pius II, he was a member of the humanist academies of Cardinal Bessarion and Pomponio Leto, and was twice imprisoned for conspiring against Pope Paul II. Returning to favor under Pope Sixtus IV, he composed his most famous work, a biographical compendium of the Roman popes from St. Peter down to his own time. The work critically synthesized a wide range of sources and became the standard reference work on papal history for early modern Europe, reprinted dozens of times and translated into a number of languages. A characteristic work of Renaissance humanism, it used Christian antiquity as a standard against which to criticize modern churchmen. This edition contains the first complete translation into English and an improved Latin text. Volume 1, the first of a projected four, covers the period from the founding of the church through ad 461.
History of Venice. Vol. 3, Books IX-XII
In the dying days of the Wars of the Roses a secret war is born. The battle for a crown is about to become a fight for the world. Bastard son, mercenary soldier, protector of the rightful king, seeker of a secret more treacherous than any in Christendom: Jack Wynter is destined to live in dangerous times. In England, the Wars of the Roses ended a decade ago with the fall of the House of Lancaster and the victory of King Edward of York. But peace sleeps uneasy in this divided realm and when the king dies unexpectedly it isn't long before old blood feuds and ambitions are awoken.
Pietro Bembo (1470-1547), a Venetian nobleman, later a cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church, was the most celebrated Latin stylist of his day and was widely admired for his writings in Italian as well. His early dialogue on the subject of love greatly influenced the development of the literary vernacular, as did his Prose della volgar lingua (1525). From 1513 to 1521 he served Pope Leo X as Latin secretary and became known as the leading advocate of Ciceronian Latin in Europe and of the Tuscan dialect within Italy. He was named official historian of Venice in 1529 and began to compose in Latin his continuation of the city's history in twelve books, covering the years from 1487 to 1513. Although the work chronicles internal politics and events, much of it is devoted to the external affairs of Venice, principally conflicts with other European states (France, Spain, the Holy Roman Empire, Milan, and the papacy) and with the Turks in the East. The History of Venice was published after Bembo's death, in Latin and in his own Italian version. This edition, in a projected three volumes, makes it available for the first time in English translation.
Wycliffite controversies
This magnum opus incorporates more than a century of new research from around the globe, demonstrating how the period from 1350-1550 gave rise to many mystical writers who remain influential today, including Julian of Norwich, Jan van Ruusbroec, and Catherine of Siena. With an unmatched knowledge of primary works and relevant scholarship, McGinn conveys the unique genius of each mystical teacher and describes how the movement built on individual insights. Specific types of mysticism covered include literature in Middle Dutch, and work in Italian and English in the late medieval period. --
Lyric poetry : Etna
Sons of the blood
Il segreto della Cupola del Brunelleschi a Firenze = The secret of Brunelleschi's Dome in Florence
Starting with Hobbes
Lives of the Popes : Vol. 1. Antiquity
Vernacularity in England and Wales, c. 1300-1550
The hollow crown : a history of Britain in the late Middle Ages
Mills in the medieval economy : England, 1300-1540
The life and afterlife of Isabeau of Bavaria
Germany : a new social and economic history. Vol. 1, 1450-1630
Between 1485 and 1492 Cardinal Ascanio Sforza was the recipient of a music treatise composed for him by "Florentius Musicus" (Florentius de Faxolis), who had served him in Naples and Rome. Now in Milan, the richly illuminated small parchment codex bears witness to the musical interests of the cardinal, himself an avid singer taught by Duke Ercole d'Este. Florentius, whose treatise, found in no other source, is edited here for the first time, evidently took the cardinal's predilections into account, for the Book on Music is unusual for its emphasis on "the praises, power, utility, necessity, and effect of music": he devotes far more space to citations from classical and medieval authors than is the norm, and his elevated style shows that he aspires to appear as a humanist and not merely a technician. Likewise, the production quality of the manuscript indicates the acceptance of music's place within the high culture of the Quattrocento. The author's unusual insights into the musical thinking of his day are discussed in the ample commentary. The editors, a Renaissance musicologist (Bonnie Blackburn) and a classical scholar (Leofranc Holford-Strevens), have combined their disciplines to pay close attention both to Florentius' text and to his teachings.
Ireland in the later middle ages
Europe in the high Middle Ages, 1150-1300
Protection, continuity and gender : craft trade culture in the Baltic Sea region (14th-16th centuries)
Chronicles, consuls, and coins : historiography and history in the later Roman Empire
A History of France, 1460-1560 : the emergence of a nation state
History of the Florentine people. Vol. 1, Books I-IV
A collection of essays by leading scholars on a broad range of issues concerning Gothic art across Europe, including reception, methodology, nationalism, scholasticism, historiography, and iconography. Covers a variety of media, from glass to manuscripts to ivories. Celebrates the career of Willibald Sauerländer.
From Rome to Constantinople : studies in honour of Averil Cameron
Speaking of love : a study of the use of love in the politics of Elizabeth I
The Hermaphrodite
The Kingis Quair and other prison poems
Scholars have gien several assumptions regarding the nature of medieval vengeance and the role that various cultures of vengeance played in the cursading movement. This monograph revises those assumptions and posits an understanding of how crusading was conceived as an act of vengeance in the context of the twelfth and early thirteenth centuries.
Julian of Norwich : the showings : a contemporary translation
The discernment of spirits : assessing visions and visionaries in the late Middle Ages
The Franks in the Aegean, 1204-1500
Gothic art for England 1400-1547
The late medieval eastern Mediterranean, before its incorporation into the Ottoman Empire in the sixteenth century, presents a complex and fragmented picture. The Ayyubid and Mamluk sultanates held sway over Egypt and Syria, Asia Minor was divided between a number of Turkish emirates, the Aegean between a host of small Latin states, and the Byzantine Empire was only a fragment of its former size. This collection of thirteen original articles, by both established and younger scholars, seeks to find common themes that unite this disparate world. Focusing on religious identity, cultural exchange, commercial networks, and the construction of political legitimacy among Christians and Muslims in the late Medieval eastern Mediterranean, they discuss and analyse the interaction between these religious cultures and trace processes of change and development within the individual societies.
Europäisches Spitalwesen : institutionelle Fürsorge in Mittelalter und früher Neuzeit = Hospitals and institutional care in medieval and early modern Europe
The use and abuse of sacred places in late medieval towns
Teofilo Folengo (1491-1544) was born in Mantua and joined the Benedictine order, but became a runaway monk and a satirist of monasticism. In 1517 he published, under the pseudonym Merlin Cocaio, the first version of his macaronic narrative poem Baldo, later enlarged and elaborated. It blended Latin with various Italian dialects in hexameter verse, inventing a deliberately droll language whose humor depends on the mixture of high and low tonalities. An important example of the mock-heroic epic, the work was a model for Rabelais and was frequently reprinted.
Reading families : women's literate practice in late medieval England
Radikalität und Dissent in 16. Jahrhundert = Radicalism and dissent in the sixteenth century
Leonardo Bruni (1370-1444), the leading civic humanist of the Italian Renaissance, served as apostolic secretary to four popes (1405-1414) and chancellor of Florence (1427-1444). He was famous in his day as a translator, orator, and historian, and was the best-selling author of the fifteenth century. Bruni's History of the Florentine People in twelve books is generally considered the first modern work of history, and was widely imitated by humanist historians for two centuries after its official publication by the Florentine Signoria in 1442. This third volume concludes the edition, the first to make the work available in English translation. It includes Bruni's Memoirs, an autobiographical account of the events of his lifetime, and cumulative indexes to the complete History.
Lady, hero, saint : the Digby play's Mary Magdalene
The reach of the republic of letters : literary and learned societies in late medieval and early modern Europe
Focus on form : J. J. Tikkanen, Giotta and research in the 19th century
Remembering Boethius : writing aristocratic identity in late medieval French and English literatures
Parishes, tithes and society in earlier medieval Poland c. 1100-c. 1250
The consolation of theology = De consolatione theologiae
Saint Fiacre in early sixteenth-century Paris : the 1529 drama of his life before Meaux
Collects the papers that focus on the sources for reconstructing the history of the third to fifth centuries AD. This title looks at a small group of chronicles and breviaria whose texts are fundamental for our reconstruction of the history of the third and fourth centuries: Eusebius of Caesarea, Jerome, the lost Kaisergeschichte, and Eutropius.
Baldo, the hero of these picaresque adventures, is a descendant of French royalty who starts out as something of a juvenile delinquent. The poem narrates episodes that include imprisonment; battles with local authorities, pirates, shepherds, witches, and demons; and a journey to the underworld. Throughout Baldo is accompanied by various companions, among them a giant, a centaur, a magician, and his best friend Cingar, a wickedly inventive trickster ("practicus ad beffas"). This edition provides the first English translation of this hilarious send-up of ancient epic and Renaissance chivalric romance.
Money, markets and trade in late medieval Europe : essays in honour of John H.A. Munro
Antonius de Carlenis, O.P. : four questions on the subalternation of the sciences
Latin poetry
Traditional holidays during the fifteenth through seventeenth centuries in England
Book on music
Writing and reading in medieval manuscript culture : the translation and transmission of the story of Elye in Old French and Old Norse literary contexts
Dialectical Disputations, translated here for the first time into any modern language, is his principal contribution to the philosophy of language and logic. With this savage attack on the scholastic tradition of Aristotelian logic, Valla aimed to supersede it with a new logic based on the actual historical usage of classical Latin and on a commonsense approach to semantics and argument. Valla provides a logic that could be used by lawyers, preachers, statesmen, and others who needed to succeed in public debate - one that was stylistically correct and rhetorically elegant, and thus could dispense with the technical language of the scholastics, a "tribe of Peripatetics, perverters of natural meanings." Valla's reformed dialectic became a milestone in the development of humanist logic and contains startling anticipations of modern theories of semantics and language. Volume 1 contains Book I, in which Valla refutes Aristotle's logical works on the categories, transcendentals, and predicables, with excursions into natural and moral philosophy and theology.
The school of heretics : academic condemnation at the University of Oxford, 1277-1409
Handbook for curates : a late medieval manual on pastoral ministry
Linguistic theories in Dante and the humanists : studies of language and intellectual history in late Medieval and early Renaissance Italy
A companion to late medieval and early modern Milan : the distinctive features of an Italian state
Anglo-Saxon saints lives as history writing in late medieval England
The rise and decline of an Iberian bourgeoisie : Manresa in the later Middle Ages, 1250-1500
The Reconquest kings of Portugal : political and cultural reorientation on the medieval frontier
The medieval church : a brief history
The late medieval Balkans : a critical survey from the late twelfth century to the Ottoman conquest
England in the later Middle Ages : a political history
Platonic theology. Vol. 6, Books XVII-XVIII
Form and function in the late medieval Bible
The Macclesfield Psalter : With a complete reproduction at the original size of this 14th-century prayer book in the collection of the Fitzwilliam Museum, Cambridge, and 95 colour details
Praise of folly and letter to Martin Dorp 1515
Greeks, Latins, and intellectual history 1204-1500
John Collier's 'Tummus and meary' : distinguishing features of 18th-century Southeast Lancashire dialect-morphology
Carnival and theater : plebian culture and the structure of authority in Renaissance England
Valkania kai Anatolikē Mesogeios, 12os-17os aiōnes : praktika tou diethnous symposiou stē mnēmē D.A. Zakythynou, Athēna, 14-15 Ianouariou 1994 = The Balkans and the Eastern Mediterranean, 12th-17th centuries : proceedings of the International symposium in memory of D. A. Zakythinos, Athens, January 14th-15th 1994.
Duccio and the origins of western painting
A companion to medieval Scottish poetry
Germany : a new social and economic history. Vol. 2, 1630-1800
A history of philosophy. Volume 3, Late medieval and reneissance philosophy
Cristoforo Landino (1424-1498), one of the great scholar-poets of the Renaissance, is best known today for his Platonizing commentaries on Dante and Virgil. His most substantial work of poetry was his Three Books on Xandra, written while still a young man. They consist primarily of love poetry in Latin directed to his lady-love Alessandra, but they also chronicle his life, friendships, literary studies, and the patronage of his work by Piero de' Medici. Inspired equally by the ancient Roman love-elegy and by Petrarch's Canzoniere, the poems illustrate the mingling of classical and vernacular traditions characteristic of the age of Lorenzo de' Medici. Also included in this volume is the Carmina Varia, a collection whose centerpiece is a group of elegies directed to the Venetian humanist Bernardo Bembo. These bring to life the Platonic passion Bembo conceived for Ginevra de'Benci, later the subject of a famous painting by Leonardo da Vinci. This edition contains the first translation of both works into English.
The authentic self : essays in al-Fārābī and late ancient Greek philosophy
Image and imagination of the religious self in late medieval and early modern Europe
Presents a survey and an overview of the extraordinary flowering of Scottish poetry in the middle ages. This work includes introductions to the literary culture of late medieval Scotland and its historical context; and separate studies of the writings of James I, Robert Henryson, William Dunbar, Gavin Douglas, and others.
This first full-length study of public health in pre-Reformation England challenges a number of entrenched assumptions about the insanitary nature of urban life during "the golden age of bacteria". Adopting an interdisciplinary approach that draws on material remains as well as archives, it examines the medical, cultural and religious contexts in which ideas about the welfare of the communal body developed. Far from demonstrating indifference, ignorance or mute acceptance in the face of repeated onslaughts of epidemic disease, the rulers and residents of English towns devised sophisticated and coherent strategies for the creation of a more salubrious environment; among the plethora of initiatives whose origins often predated the Black Death can also be found measures for the improvement of the water supply, for better food standards and for the care of the sick, both rich and poor.
The people of Sweden shall have peace : peace legislation and royal power in later medieval Sweden
Pietro Bembo (1470-1547), scholar and critic, was one of the most admired Latinists of his day. After some years at the court of Urbino, where he exchanged Platonic love letters with Lucrezia Borgia, he moved to Rome and served as secretary to Leo X (1513-1520). Later he retired to Padua and a life of letters. He was made a cardinal in 1539. The poems in this volume come from all periods of his life and reflect both his erudition and his wide-ranging friendships. This verse edition is the first time they have been translated into English. This volume also includes the prose dialogue Etna, an account of Bembo's ascent of Mt. Etna in Sicily during his student days, translated by Betty Radice.
The age of transition : the archaeology of English culture 1400-1600 : proceedings of a conference hosted by the Society for Medieval Archaeology and the Society for Post-Medieval Archaeology at the British Museum, London, 14-15th November 1996
Knowing poetry : verse in medieval France from The rose to the rhétoriqueurs
Examines the audiences and languages of Dominican sermons in late medieval Italy. This book analyses how Latinate theological culture interacted with popular religious devotion. It assesses the role of vernacular theology. It defines vernacular theology as a form of theology that is based neither on a Latin scholastic model nor a monastic one.
Textual agency : writing culture and social networks in fifteenth-century Spain
Good news to the poor : the challenge of the poor in the history of the church
Women in the public life in late medieval England : a study through contemporary sources in the 1400s
Witnesses, neighbors, and community in late medieval Marseille
A mute gospel : the people and culture of the medieval English common fields
History of the Florentine people. Vol. 2, Books V-VIII
Antimercantilism in late medieval English literature
Humanists and reformers : a history of the Renaissance and Reformation
Jacopo Sannazaro (1456-1530), considered by some authorities the finest Neo-Latin poet of the Italian Renaissance, spent most of his career in Naples, where he was a member and ultimately the head of the Academia Pontaniana. He is most famous for having written, in Italian, the first pastoral romance in European literature, the Arcadia (1504). But after this early work, Sannazaro devoted himself entirely to Latin poetry modeled on his beloved Vergil. In addition to his epic The Virgin Birth (1526), which earned him the title of "the Christian Vergil," he also composed Piscatory Eclogues, an innovative adaption of the eclogue form, as well as elegies, epigrams, and a number of shorter works. This volume contains the first complete English translation of all of Sannazaro's poetry in Latin, accompanied by extensive notes.
Aristotle and Galen on neutral bodies : perspectives on Aristotle's and Galen's auctoritates in late medieval and renaissance medicine
Ex voto : votive giving across cultures
Antonio Beccadelli (1394–1471), known as Panormita from his native town of Palermo, was appointed court poet to Duke Filippo Maria Visconti (1429), crowned poet laureate by Emperor Sigismund (1432), and ended his days as panegyrist to King Alfonso V of Aragon and Naples, where he founded the first of the Renaissance Academies. The Hermaphrodite, his first work (1425–26), dedicated to Cosimo de' Medici, won him praise and condemnation. Beccadelli was a pioneer in revitalizing the Latin epigram for its powers of abuse and louche eroticism. Its open celebration of vice, particularly sodomy, earned it public burnings, threats of excommunication, banishment to the closed sections of libraries, and a devoted following. Likened to a "precious jewel in a dunghill," The Hermaphrodite combined the comic realism of Italian popular verse with the language of Martial to explore the underside of the early Renaissance.
Cross and crescent in the Balkans : the Ottoman conquest of South-Eastern Europe (14th - 15th centuries)
Law, marriage, and society in the later Middle Ages
Land and people in late medieval England
Byzantines, Latins, and Turks in the Eastern Mediterranean world after 1150
Europe in the high Middle Ages : 1150-1309
The paston women : selected letters
Middle-class writing in late medieval London
England in the late Middle ages
Charles IV : Emperor by the grace of God : culture and art in the reign of the last of the Luxembourgs 1347-1437
England in the late Middle Ages
History of the Florentine people. Vol. 3, Books IX-XII : Memoirs
The late middle ages
La Chronique Anonyme Universelle : reading and writing history in fifteenth-century France
The late medieval English church : vitality and vulnerability before the break with Rome
Momus is the most ambitious literary creation of Leon Battista Alberti, the famous humanist-scientist-artist and "universal man" of the Italian Renaissance. In this dark comedy, written around 1450, Alberti charts the lively fortunes of his anti-hero Momus, the unscrupulous and vitriolic god of criticism. Alberti deploys his singular erudition and wit to satirize subjects from court life and politics to philosophy and intellectuals, from grand architectural designs to human and divine folly. The possible contemporary resonance of Alberti's satire--read variously as a humanist roman-à-clef and as a veiled mockery of the mid-Quattrocento papacy--is among its most intriguing aspects. While his more famous books on architecture, painting, and family life have long been regarded as indispensable to a study of Renaissance culture, Momus has recently attracted increasing attention from scholars as a work anticipating the realism of Machiavelli and the satiric wit of Erasmus. This edition provides a new Latin text, the first to be based on the two earliest manuscripts, both corrected by Alberti himself, and includes the first full translation into English.
Nicholas of Cusa's Brixen sermons and late medieval church reform
"At the height of the Middle Ages, a peculiar system of perpetual exile--or abjuration--flourished in Western Europe. It was a judicial form of exile, not political or religious, and it was meted out to felons for crimes deserving of severe corporal punishment or death. From England to France explores the lives of these men and women who were condemned to abjure the English realm, and draws on their unique experiences to shed light on a medieval legal tradition until now very poorly understood. William Chester Jordan weaves a breathtaking historical tapestry, examining the judicial and administrative processes that led to the abjuration of more than seventy-five thousand English subjects, and recounting the astonishing journeys of the exiles themselves. Some were innocents caught up in tragic circumstances, but many were hardened criminals. Almost every English exile departed from the port of Dover, many bound for the same French village, a place called Wissant. Jordan vividly describes what happened when the felons got there, and tells the stories of the few who managed to return to England, either illegally or through pardons. From England to France provides new insights into a fundamental pillar of medieval English law and shows how it collapsed amid the bloodshed of the Hundred Years' War"--
Scriptorial 'house-styles' and discourse communities
Leonardo Bruni (1370-1444), the leading civic humanist of the Italian Renaissance, served as apostolic secretary to four popes (1405-1414) and chancellor of Florence (1427-1444). He was famous in his day as a translator, orator, and historian, and was the best-selling author of the fifteenth century. Bruni's History of the Florentine People in twelve books is generally considered the first modern work of history, and was widely imitated by humanist historians for two centuries after its official publication by the Florentine Signoria in 1442. This edition makes it available for the first time in English translation.
Shaping the nation : England 1360-1461
Nicholas of Cusa and Islam : polemic and dialogue in the late Middle Ages
Late ancient and medieval population
The later Middle Ages in England 1216-1485
The complete Danteworlds : a reader's guide to the divine comedy
Traditions and transformations in late medieval England
"Antimercantilism in Late Medieval English Literature explores the relationship between ideology and subjectivity surrounding a single class/estate group and its characteristic sins in the context of literary texts influenced by estates satire. This book focuses in depth on both large works by well-known authors and lesser-studied works, including The Canterbury Tales, Piers Plowman, Gower's Mirour de l'Omme, The Book of Margery Kempe, The York Plays, The Libelle of Englyshe Polycye, "The Childe of Bristowe," and the Pseudo-Chaucerian "Tale of Beryn." Its approach documents the trajectory of antimercantile ideology under the pressures of the major developments made in economic theory and practice in the later Middle Ages"--
Proving woman : female spirituality and inquisitional culture in the later Middle Ages
At the age of 30, Julian of Norwich, a contemporary of Chaucer, had a series of intense visions of Jesus which she recorded in what became the first book written in English by a woman. This a fresh and contemporary rendering of this much-loved and influential spiritual text brings Julian's 14th century message alive to 21st century readers.
Late medieval England, 1399-1509
History of Venice. Vol. 2, Books V-VIII
London in the later Middle Ages : government and people 1200-1500
Presence of God : a history of western Christian mysticism. Vol. 5, The varieties of vernacular mysticism, 1350-1550
Shaping medieval markets : the organisation of commodity markets in Holland, c. 1200-c. 1450
[State-formative tendencies, political struggle and the rise of nationalism in late medieval Sweden]
"The Rise and Decline of an Iberian Bourgeoisie is one of the first long-term studies in English of an Iberian town during the late medieval crisis. Focusing on the Catalonian city of Manresa, Jeff Fynn-Paul expertly integrates Iberian historiography with European narratives to place the city's social, political and economic development within the broader context of late medieval urban decline. Drawing from extensive archival research, including legal and administrative records, royal letters, and a cadastral survey of more than 640 households entitled the 1408 Liber Manifesti, the author surveys the economic strategies of both elites and non-elites to a level previously unknown for any medieval town outside of Tuscany and Ghent. In a major contribution to the series, The Rise and Decline of an Iberian Bourgeoisie reveals how a combination of the Black Death, royal policy, and a new public debt system challenged, and finally undermined urban resilience in Catalonia"--
Genitive variation in Late Middle and Early Modern English : the interaction of linguistic and extralinguistic factors
Aspects on multilinguality in late medieval Livonia and Finland
The Enchiridion of Erasmus
Scholarship has recognized fifteenth-century speculative thinker Nicholas of Cusa for his early contributions to conciliar theory, but not his later ecclesiastical career as cardinal, residential bishop, preacher, and reformer. Richard Serina shows that, as bishop in the Tyrolese diocese of Brixen from 1452 to 1458, and later as resident cardinal in Rome, Nicolas of Cusa left a testament to his view of reform in the sermons he preached to monks, clergy, and laity. These 171 sermons, in addition to his Reformatio generalis of 1459, reflect an intellectual coming to terms with the challenge of reform in the late medieval church, and in response creatively incorporating metaphysics, mystical theology, ecclesiology, and personal renewal into his preaching of reform.
Urban bodies : communal health in late medieval english towns and cities
The Iuvenilia of Marc-Antoine Muret
Deutsche Königspfalzen : Beiträge zu ihrer historischen und archäologischen Erforschung. Bd. 8, Places of power = Orte der Herrschaft = Lieux du pouvoir
Studies in the performance of late mediaeval music
A country merchant, 1495-1520 : trading and farming at the end of the Middle Ages
Heresy, magic, and witchcraft in early modern Europe
The Platonic Theology is a visionary work and the philosophical masterpiece of Marsilio Ficino (1433-1499), the Florentine scholar-philosopher-magus who was largely responsible for the Renaissance revival of Plato. A student of the Neoplatonic schools of Plotinus and Proclus, he was committed to reconciling Platonism with Christianity, in the hope that such a reconciliation would initiate a spiritual revival and return of the golden age. His Platonic evangelizing was eminently successful and widely influential, and his Platonic Theology, translated into English for the first time in this edition, is one of the keys to understanding the art, thought, culture, and spirituality of the Renaissance.
This volume presents the first comprehensive study of the Chronique Anonyme Universelle, a lavishly illustrated scroll history of the world from Creation to the fifteenth century. Working in a French noble library around the year 1410, the anonymous compiler of the Chronique told the story of humanity – nearly six thousand years by his reckoning – by editing historical texts at his disposal, arranging them in parallel columns on a vertical scroll, and filling the inter-columnar space with complex genealogical diagrams. The Chronique reflects a particular and particularly French self-image and worldview that become increasingly apparent as the reader traverses its direct and unbroken line from the Bible, Egypt, Greece and Troy to the histories of the Papacy, the Roman and Holy Roman Empires, the Crusades, and the royal houses of France and England. The present volume includes an extensive study of the sources, origin, transmission and illustration of the Chronique along with a critical edition, facing translation, and the entire miniature cycle of manuscript W (ca. 1465, now in private hands). Using an innovative image-annotation platform, the DVD insert provides access to a complete digital facsimile of the manuscript, giving the user wide-ranging search and browsing functionality along with complete access to the manuscript, transcription, translation and genealogical diagrams. -- From publisher's website.
Sufi bodies : religion and society in medieval islam
Schools and schooling in late medieval Germany : Regensburg, 1250-1500
From England to France : felony and exile in the High Middle Ages
The ages of faith : popular religion in late medieval England and Western Europe
Gothic art and thought in the Later Medieval period : essays in honor of Willibald Sauerländer
Martianus Capella and the seven liberal arts. 2, The marriage of Philology and Mercury
Books under suspicion : censorship and tolerance of revelatory writing in late medieval England
Marc-Antoine Muret (1526-1585) was a major figure in humanist classical scholarship. A superb Latinist, he influenced, among others, the Dutch humanist Justus Lipsius. This is the first English translation, with introduction, notes, and commentary, of Muret's Latin juvenilia. The juvenilia cover a wide variety of literary genres: odes, satires, epigrams, elegies, and epistles. Modeled on the classical poets Horace, Catullus, and Martial, these poems also reveal an acquaintance with the works of Muret's contempories Joachim Du Bellay and Jean Dorat.
Holy motherhood : gender, dynasty and visual culture in the later Middle Ages
Latins and Greeks in the Eastern Mediterranean after 1204
An age of transition? : economy and society in England in the later Middle Ages
