http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13093 nazis
nazis
Six graves to Munich
Iron Sky
Hitler's art thief : Hildebrand Gurlitt, the Nazis, and the looting of Europe's treasures
Digging for Hitler : the Nazi archaeologists search for an Aryan past
Echo of the Reich
Images of war : the rise of Hitler : rare photographs from wartime archives
Carter Sloan is a trained assassin--the best there is, pulled out of cryogenic sleep whenever an assignment demands his skills. So when he's kept in the deep freeze for 258 years, he's seriously annoyed. Yet his government needs him, to hunt down the enemy known as the Daughter of the Brass Dragon. The future of the galaxy-spanning Reich depends on it, so Sloan is off--screwing, swearing, and shooting his way across interstellar space.
Thrilling WWII story. The Nazis have occupied France. Michel knows that there are Resistance fighters in his town and he's desperate to join them. Will his mother agree to it? After all with his father AWOL, she needs a man around the house. But when someone's injured, Michel gets his chance. Can he help without being shot by the Nazis?
Almost a childhood : growing up among the Nazis
The Warsaw anagrams
The Power of Leadership Storytelling : Case of Adolf Hitler
The laurels of Lake Constance
Salt to the sea : a novel
Hitler. Ascent, 1889-1939
Why did the whole world go to war? : and other questions about ... World War II
The history of the Nazi party. 2.
The history of the Nazi party. 1.
Known for his sadistic medical experiments on Jewish prisoners at Mauthausen concentration camp, Dr Aribert Heim disappeared ahead of his imminent arrest for his crimes in 1962. This is the dramatic story of how a clandestine organization comprised of Vietnam war veterans and former secret agents plotted to assassinate him.
The quest for Anna Klein
The dressmaker of Dachau
Betrayal : the Untold Story of the Kurt Waldheim Investigation and Cover-up
The statement
Diary of the dark years, 1940-1944 : collaboration, resistance, and daily life in occupied Paris
The collaborators
Killing Dr Death : the amazing true story of the death squad that tracked down and killed a Nazi war criminal
The German lesson
The end : Hitler's Germany, 1944-1945
The third day
The quiet twin
Iron sky : invasion : PlayStation 3
Dancing with Eva
Bluffing Mr. Churchill
Tappavat telaketjut = Sven Hassel's wheels of terror : digitally remastered
Why did holocaust happen?
Alan Stoob : Nazi hunter : one man's continuing battle against the Third Reich : a novel
Kingdom of darkness
I, Pierre Seel, deported homosexual : a memoir of Nazi terror
Mrs Adolf Hitler : the Eva Braun photograph albums 1912-45
Dancing with the enemy : my family's holocaust secret
The ice queen : a novel
Nowhere to hide : a fiction tale of the holocaust
The Afrika Reich
Yossel : April 19, 1943
Cryptonomicon
It's 1939. The Nazis have supermen, the British have demons, and one perfectly normal man gets caught in between. Raybould Marsh is a British secret agent in the early days of the Second World War, haunted by something strange he saw on a mission during the Spanish Civil War: a German woman with wires going into her head who looked at him as if she knew him. When the Nazis start running missions with people who have unnatural abilities--a woman who can turn invisible, a man who can walk through walls, and the woman Marsh saw in Spain who can use her knowledge of the future to twist the present--Marsh is the man who has to face them. He rallies the secret warlocks of Britain to hold the impending invasion at bay. But magic always exacts a price. Eventually, the sacrifice necessary to defeat the enemy will be as terrible as outright loss would be.
Death and honor
A war of flowers
Nazi conspiracy and aggression
Georgia
The devil's diary : Alfred Rosenberg and the stolen secrets of the Third Reich
Germany 1945 : from war to peace
Batman : The war years 1939-1945
Nazis at the center of the earth
Monsters : history's most evil men and women
Conspiracy of blood and smoke
Countrymen
The small back room
The Budapest protocol
Hero on a bicycle : a novel
The Nazi hunters
The murderers among us : the Simon Wiesenthal memoirs
'We ourselves were almost awestruck, not so much at the power of the bomb for this we had expected, but because the Americans had used it with so little notice.' R. V. Jones, head of wartime British scientific intelligence A professor of architecture at Cambridge University, Marcial Echenique, recently became curious when he found wiring concealed under the floorboards of his country mansion, Farm Hall in Godmanchester, Cambridgeshire. The mansion had an astonishing past as an MI6 and M1I9 staging post for some of the most daring secret operations of WWII. But in April, 1945, Farm Hall was to play an even more astounding role, as a 'country club' for ten of Germany's top nuclear physicists after they had been captured in Germany and secretly flown back to England in a daring raid codenamed Operation Big. Every word they uttered was bugged by MI6 eavesdroppers using the wires found by the Professor.
A man without breath
Traitor's gate
As the Nazi killing machine engulfed Europe with terror, thousands of Jehovah's Witnesses suffered brutal persecution. The reason: they stood firm in their beliefs and boldly spoke out against the cruelty of Nazism. For this, thousands of Jehovah's Witnesses were thrown into Nazi concentration camps. In this video, 10 European and American historians and more than 20 Witness survivors of the period, join in relating their story of courage and triumph against Hitler's religious onslaught /WordCat.
When the doves disappeared : a novel
The Afrika reich
Hess, Hitler & Churchill : the real turning point of the Second World War : a secret history
Necessary evil
Kl : a history of the Nazi concentration camps
Nazi culture : Intellectual, cultural, and social life in the Third Reich
Nazi literature in the Americas
12 May 1940. Westminster, London, England: the early days of World War II. Again. Raybould Marsh, one of "our" Britain's best spies, has travelled to another Earth in a desperate attempt to save at least one timeline from the Cthulhu-like monsters who have been observing our species from space and have already destroyed Marsh's timeline. In order to accomplish this, he must remove all traces of the supermen that were created by the Nazi war machine and caused the spectors from outer space to notice our planet in the first place. His biggest challenge is the mad seer Greta, one of the most powerful of the Nazi creations, who has sent a version of herself to this timeline to thwart Marsh. Why would she stand in his way? Because she has seen that in all the timelines she dies and she is determined to stop that from happening, even if it means destroying most of humanity in the process. And Marsh is the only man who can stop her. Necessary Evil is the stunning conclusion to Ian Tregillis's Milkweed series.
The keep
To catch a king
The last days of Hitler. by H. R. Trevor-Roper
The undertaking
Dominic Fortune. It can happen here and now
Bloodlands : Europe between Hitler and Stalin
Rendezvous at the Russian tea rooms
Motive for a mission : the story behind Hess's flight to Britain
The zookeeper's wife : a war story
Jakob's colours
A kill in the morning
Salt to the sea
Given his status as arguably the most despised political figure in history, it is surprising that there have only been four serious biographies of the Fuhrer since the 1930s. Perhaps even more surprisingly, his biographers have been more interested in how he came to power and how he exercised his leadership than in Hitler the person. Yet to render Hitler as a political animal with no personality to speak of, as a man of limited intelligence and poor social skills, does little to explain the spell that he cast not only on those close to him but on the German people as a whole. In the first volume of this magisterial biography, Volker Ullrich sets out to correct our perception of the Fuhrer. While charting in detail Hitler's life from his childhood to the eve of the Second World War, Ullrich unveils the man behind the public persona: his charming and repulsive traits, his talents and weaknesses, his deep-seated insecurities and murderous passions.
The darkest hour : a novel
Through camps to Great Mother : nazi camps and temple sites
Hitler's peace : a novel ot the Second World War
The last days of new Paris
The gods of Atlantis
The Nazi organisation of women
The Unsinkable herr Goering : a Farce of epic proportions
Blood and honour
The redbreast
Doc Savage: The silver pyramid
The pale house
Operation Big : the race to stop Hitler's A-bomb
Last talons of the eagle : secret Nazi technology which could have changed the course of World War II
The storyteller : a novel
Eva Braun : life with Hitler
The stolen
Hellboy : Strange places
Ordinary people as mass murderers : perpetrators in comparative perspectives
In London, 1939, Ada Vaughan is a young woman with an unusual dressmaking skill, and dreams of a better life for herself. That life seems to arrive when Stanislaus, an Austrian aristocrat, sweeps Ada off her feet and brings her to Paris. When war breaks out, Stanislaus vanishes, and Ada is taken prisoner by the Germans, she must do everything she can to survive: by becoming dressmaker to the Nazi wives. Abandoned and alone as war rages, the choices Ada makes will come to back to haunt her years later, as the truth of her experience is twisted and distorted after the war. From glamorous London hotels and Parisian cafes to the desperation of wartime Germany, here is a mesmerizing, richly textured historical novel, a story of heartbreak, survival and ambition, of the nature of truth, and the untold story of what happens to women during war.
The winter fortress : the epic mission to sabotage Hitler's atomic bomb
Operation Paperclip : the secret intelligence program that brought Nazi scientists to America
Hellboy : house of the living dead
Black Cross
Lobster Johnson [Vol. 1] : The iron Prometheus
The hotel on Place Vendôme : life, death, and betrayal at the Hôtel Ritz in Paris
Chocolate cake with Hitler
Published in 1937, twelve years before Orwell's 1984, Swastika Night projects a totally male-controlled fascist world that has eliminated women as we know them. Women are breeders, kept as cattle, while men in this post-Hitlerian world are embittered automatons, fearful of all feelings, having abolished all history, education, creativity, books, and art. The plot centers on a misfit who asks, “How could this have happened?”
The Third Reich's celluloid war : propaganda in nazi feature films, documentaries and television
History's inescapable impact on the present
Under cover of darkness
Iron sky : invasion : Xbox 360
The Nazis
The darkest hour
The gemini contenders
The greatest escape : how one French community saved thousands of lives from the Nazis
The dark room
Hitler's Furies : German women in the Nazi killing fields
Nazis in Pre-War London 1930-1939 : The Fate and Role of German Party Members and British Sympathizers
Interrogations : [inside the minds of the nazi elite]
Prisoner of night and fog
The winter garden
Hellboy : The chained coffin and others
Black earth : the holocaust as history and warning
A Surrealist bomb transfigures war-torn Paris into a phantasmagoric dreamscape, unleashing a race of nightmarish creatures.
Village of secrets : Defying the Nazis in Vichy France
The boy in the striped pyjamas : a fable
