http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13094 red squirrel
red squirrel Eurasian red squirrel Sciurus vulgaris
Little Grey and the great mystery
Sakari Orava: The one the stars ask for
Landscape responses of the Siberian flying squirrel (Pteromys volans) in northern Finland : the effect of scale on habitat patterns and species incidence
The Slovak-Polish border, 1918-1947
The guide to owning chipmunks and similar species
The natural history of squirrels
Wildlife populations in Finland during 1990-1995, based on wildlife triangle data
Scaredy Squirrel prepares for Christmas
30 years observations on population dynamics of red squirrel, flying squirrel, chipmunk, red and bank voles and mustelids by trapping on sites of the Pechoro-Ylychsky zapovednik
Robin's winter song
Select bibliography
Pet owner's guide to the chipmunk
Assessing the effectiveness of different approaches to species conservation
The tale of squirrel Nutkin
Scaredy Squirrel makes a friend
Football fever
Problems of cold adaptation in the Red squirrel Sciurus vulgaris
Mating patterns of the siberian flying squirrel in Finland
Home range, habitat preference and natal dispersal of the Siberian flying squirrel (Pteromys volans)
Spacing behaviour of the Siberian flying squirrel : - effects of landscape structure
Exotic pet behavior : birds, reptiles, and small mammals
Scaredy squirrel
The disgusting sandwitch
Ecological knowledge towards sustainable forest management : habitat requirements of the Siberian flying squirrel in Finland
The great big sleep
There's a bison bouncing on the bed!
Shh! We have a plan
Abstract: The Red squirrel is distributed from the Finnish southern coast to the edge of the northern tundra. Within this area the species is exposed to a geographically directed temperature gradient varying in steepness and extending through areas characterized by violent seasonal fluctuations increasing in intensity towards the north...
On eating of pine-buds by the squirrel (Sciurus vulgaris)
Occurrence, habitat use and movements of the flying squirrel in human-modified forest landscapes
Scaredy Squirrel prepares for for Halloween : a safety guide for scaredies
Scaredy Squirrel has a birthday party
Thimbleberry stories
Boot & Shoe
Owly. 3 : Flying lessons
Home ranges and habitat use in the declining flying squirrel Pteromys volans in managed forests
Tally and Squill in a sticky situation
How to look after your small pets : an owners guide to caring for rabbits, guinea pigs, hamsters, gerbils and jirds, chinchillas, rats, mice and other rodents
Maintenance of genetic diversity in four taiga specialists
Scaredy Squirrel at night
Shamanism : past and present. Part 1
Habitat requirements of the Siberian flying squirrel in northern Finland : comparing field survey and remote sensing data
The squirrel's birthday and other parties
Role of the Siberian flying squirrel as an umbrella species for biodiversity in northern boreal forests
The creative book of soft toys
Tick-tock
Microsatellite variation in the Siberian flying squirrel in Finland
Owly : flying lessons
How to find a friend
Fungi in the winter diets of northern flying squirrels and red squirrels in the boreal mixedwood forest of northeastern Alberta
How to keep a pet squirrel
Urchin of the riding stars
Spacing behaviour of the Siberian flying squirrel : effects of landscape structure
A quirky safety guide combines practical tips with step-by-step instructions featuring an anxious Scaredy Squirrel, who prepares himself for the worst during the holiday season of decorating, entertaining, and confronting fruitcake.
Treehouse rescue!
A multi-scale modelling approach to the prediction of the flying squirrel occurrence (Pteromys volans)
Loved by young readers and adult experts alike
Flora & Ulysses : the illuminated adventures
The temporal variation in Siberian flying squirrel (Pteromys volans) population size
Winter ecology of the red squirrel (Sciurus vulgaris L.) in northeastern Lapland
Insulative properties of some drey materials of the red squirrel, Sciurus vulgaris L.
The causes and consequences of population declines of two boreal forest species : the case of the willow tit (Parus montanus) and the Siberian flying squirrel (Pteromys volans)
The complete tales
Kuvan kevät : Kuvataideakatemian lopputyönäyttely = [the degree show of the Finnish Academy of Fine Arts] : Kuvataideakatemia, Kaiku-galleria, Helsinki : Kuvataideakatemian galleria, Helsinki : Galleria FAFA, Helsinki, 11.5. - 5.6.2011 / työryhmä: Anni Anttonen ... [et al.]
Mushroom stores as winter food of the red squirrel, Sciurus vulgaris, in northern Finland
Bird and Squirrel outwit Cat and become best friends in this zany adventure.  Squirrel is afraid of his own shadow. Bird doesn't have a care in the world. And Cat wants to eat Bird and Squirrel. Of course, he'll have to catch them first, and that's not going to be easy.  Join this trio as they head south for the winter in a hilarious road trip. But watch out! Cat is waiting around every bend, and he's one pesky feline / Library od Congress.
Scaredy squirrel at night
That's not my squirrel
The best birthday present ever!
Abstract: In the winters of 1968/69 - 1972/73, the ecology of the red squirrel (Sciurus vulgaris L.) was studied in the Värriötunturi fell terrain...
Bird & Squirrel on the run!
Scaredy Squirrel at the beach
Snowflake in my pocket
The greative book of soft toys
Scruffy bear and the lost ball
Building habitat model for the flying squirrel (Pteromys volans) based on observations reported by public in Central Finland
