http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13009 lamps
lamps
Interior lighting
A portfolio of lighting ideas
The shoemaker's splendid lamp
Light of Louis Poulsen
Good lighting for offices and office buildings
Christopher Wray's guide to decorative lighting
Do It Yourself : 50 projects by designers and artists
Artificial sunshine : a social history of domestic lighting
Making stained glass lamps
Making great lamps : 50 illuminating projects, techniques & ideas
Early twentieth century lighting
The Lampshade Lady's guide to lighting up your life : 50 custom lampshades & lamps
Table lanterns : stained glass pattern book
Art nouveau : lamps and fixtures of James Hinks & son
Create light & atmosphere
Cosa : the lamps
Corinth : results of excavations conducted by The American School of Classical Studies at Athens. Vol. 18, pt. 2, The sanctuary of Demeter and Kore : the Roman pottery and lamps
Light effect = Effetto luce
The desk lamp : an appreciation
Lighting : recipes and ideas
Lighting book : the ultimate guide to lighting every room in the home
Leadlights for lampshades and mirrors
Lamps and shades
Handmade lampshades : beautiful designs to illuminate your home
Magic Mr Edison
Lighting
Full size lampshade patterns for mini to medium sized shades : 22 Patterns for swag or base. Color photograph of each completed project. Step by step lessons -trade secrets
Art deco lighting
Decorative art. 60s
Art deco chrome : with price guide
Neon principles : the art of shaping light with neon
Magic lanterns : creative projects for making and decorating lanterns for indoors and out
Digital addressable lighting interface = Interface d'éclairage adressable numérique. Part  203 = Partie 203, Particular requirements for control gear - discharge lamps (ecluding fluorescent lamps) (device type 2) = Exigences  particulieres pour les appareillages de commande - Lampes a decharge (a l'exclusion des lampes fluorescentes (dispositfs de type 2)
Efficient of the Bulbs
The design of lighting
Interior lighting for designers
50 thrifty diy lampshades
Lamps of the 50s and 60s
Greek and Roman pottery lamps
Lampshades & lighting : the project and decorative sourcebook
Doctoring the environment
Conran octopus contemporary lighting
Lamps and lighting
This revised edition of the successful primer thoroughly covers fundamentals of lighting design, and also serves as a handy reference for professional designers. The Fifth Edition is more comprehensive than ever, with new information on LED, energy efficiency, and other current issues. In addition, it includes more information for drawing ceiling floor plans and the application of designs to specific types of interiors projects. Considered a "key reference" for the Lighting Certified exam, no other text combines both technical and creative aspects of lighting design for beginners and novice designers.
Designing with light : the creative touch
New light design
1000 lights. Vol. 1, 1879 to 1959
The following project was constructed to design a refined table lamp prototype. The work was adviced by Architect Riccardo Blumer. The main issue of the table lamp was to be able to hold a positions due to frictional force. As a method of study a scheme made by Bruno Munari, an Italian designer, was followed. This scheme helped to organise and understand the different steps needed to achieve a satisfactory result. The project went through two main phases, a theoretical and a practical one. In order to fully comprehend the problem it was obligatory to research different physical phenomena and understand how they would work when applied to the prototypes. Once the problem was carefully studied from a theoretical point of view it became possible to start a more practical phase where theory was used to create drawings and prototypes. As a result this process led to achieving the proposed goal. In fact a fully working prototype was created. However, it was not possible to fully control the frictional force. As a consequence the table lamp prototype is not able to hold some critical positions.
A catalogue and analysis of over 1000 Roman-period oil lamps from the Holy Land within the collection of the Israel Antiquities Authority. The Roman period in Palestine begins with the conquest of the East by Pompey in 63 BCE - essentially the period representing the continuation of the partial political and cultural annexation of the country to Western civilisation following the earlier arrival of Greek and Hellenistic culture."--Publisher's web site.
Vintage lighting : a collector's guide
Photometric characteristics of flashing light signals : a preliminary investigation
Light : reaching for the moon
Tiffany by design : an in-depth look at tiffany lamps
The lighting book : a buyerś guide to locating almost every kind of lighting device
The lamps
Ingo Maurer's limitless imagination
Dioptric port-lights
The excavations at Dura-Europos. 4,3, Final report
50 favourite designs by Frank Lloyd Wright
Life cycle assessment of light sources : case studies and review of the analyses
The effect of battery type and ambient temperature on the operation of warning flashers
Illuminate : contemporary craft lighting
Lampshades : Over 20 stylish shades to decorate and make
Make your own lampshades : 35 original shades to make for table lamps, seiling lights and more
Soma basics lighting
Excavations of the Athenian Agora : picture book. 9, Lamps from the Athenian Agora
The right light : lighting essentials for the home
Applied illumination engineering
Luminous art : Hanukkah menorahs of the Jewish Museum
Flos : the Flos collection
Designs for lamps. 1
Lampwork : decorative projects to light up the home
Idleply : a concept for the future of OLED lighting
Designs for Lamps II
Energy efficient lighting systems in buildings with integrated photovoltaics
Roman period oil lamps in the Holy Land : collection of the Israel Antiquities Authority
Jean Prouvé : oeuvre complète : complete works. Vol. 1, 1917-1933
Light design now!
Practical lighting design with LEDs
Lamps from the Athenian Agora
The paper shade book : simple techniques for making beautiful lampshades
Brilliant : the evolution of artificial light
International lighting design
Moss lamps : lighting the '50s
1000 lights
Effect of dimming and cathode heating on lamp life of fluorescent lamps
Crafting lamps & shades
50 thrifty DIY lampshades
Provoking magic : lighting of Ingo Maurer
Discovering oil lamps
Leave a light on : terracotta lamps from Agia Paraskevi of Arachamitai, from the classical period to Roman times
The lamp shade book : traditional & innovative projects to create exciting lighting effects
Lamps from Chersonesos in the State Historical Museum, Moscow
Quality requirements for warning flashers and lanterns
Lighting in the domestic interior : renaissance to Art Nouveau
Lamps of India
The followspot guide
A catalogue of the lamps in the British Museum. 4, Lamps of metal and stone, and lampstands
LED lighting
Architectural lighting
