http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13040 executive power
executive power
Making foreign policy : presidential management of the decision-making process
Parliamentary oversight of the exceptional situations in a presidential system : debating the reassertion of the constitutional powers of the US Congress
Implementation and the policy process : opening up the black box
The rules of management : a definitive code for managerial success
Comparative constitutional engineering : an inquiry into structures, incentives and outcomes
The constitution of the United Kingdom : a contextual analysis
The executive and public law : power and accountability in comparative perspective
Presidency of the United States : history, analyses, bibliography
Constitution of the United Kingdom : a contextual analysis
The basic principles of the Finnish government decision-making structure and procedure
The powers of the Union : delegation in the EU
In the sobering aftermath of America's invasion of Iraq, documentarian Jarecki launches a penetrating inquiry into how forces within the American political, economic, and military systems have come to undermine the carefully crafted structure of our republic--upsetting its balance of powers, vastly strengthening the hand of the president in taking the nation to war, and imperiling the workings of American democracy. Surveying a scorched landscape of America's military adventures and misadventures, Jarecki's account includes interviews with leading figures in the Bush administration, Congress, the military, academia, and the defense industry. Their insights expose the deepest roots of American war making. As Jarecki powerfully argues, only concerted action by the American people can, and must, compel the nation back on course.--From publisher description.
Prime minister, cabinet and core executive
Sailing the water's edge : the domestic politics of American foreign policy
Crime in the city
Divided power : the Presidency, Congress, and the formation of American foreign policy
Sources and categories of European Union law : a comparative and reform perspective
Policy without politicians : bureaucratic influence in comparative perspective
Parliamentary government in the Nordic countries at a crossroads : coping with challenges from Europeanisation and presidentialisation
The "war on terror" and the growth of executive power? : a comparative analysis
American way of war : guided missiles, miguided men, and a republic in peril
Constitutionalism and the role of parliaments
Presidential power : the politics of leadership
Representative government in modern Europe
The enforceability of promises in European contract law
Bush, the detainees, and the Constitution : the battle over presidential power in the War on Terror
State and local government : politics and processes
Good and bad power : the ideals and betrayals of government
"Over three decades after its initial publication, Louis Fisher's durable classic remains at the head of its class--a book that Congressional Quarterly called "as close to being indispensable as anything published in this field." This newly revised sixth edition emphatically reinforces that sterling reputation. Fisher dissects the crucial constitutional disputes between the executive and legislative branches of government from the Constitutional Convention through President Clinton's impeachment battles to the recent controversies over President Bush's conduct as commander in chief. He ventures beyond traditional discussions of Supreme Court decisions to examine the day-to-day working relationships between the president and Congress. By analyzing a mixture of judicial pronouncements, executive acts, and legislative debates, Fisher pinpoints the critical areas of legislative-executive tension: appointment powers, investigatory powers, legislative and executive vetoes, the budgetary process, and war powers. He then examines these areas of tension within a concrete political and historical context. To scholars, this book offers a comprehensive examination of the institutions and issues of public law. For practitioners, general readers, and students of American government, it demonstrates how constitutional issues shape and define current events. The new edition covers for the first time: * Obama's military decisions in Afghanistan and Iraq * Military operations against Libya in 2011 * Threatened attacks on Syria in 2013 * Efforts to close Guantanamo * Obama's recess appointments during a pro forma session * "Fast and Furious" scandal: Holder's contempt and Obama's executive privilege * The growth of presidential "czars" * Executive branch secrecy and lack of accountability * State Secrets Privilege after 9/11 * Distinguishing between "implied" powers (constitutional) and "inherent" powers (not constitutional) * Pocket vetoes and the growth of "hybrid vetoes" * New developments in the President's removal power"--
Semi-presidentialism in Central and Eastern Europe
Executive power of the European Union : law, practices, and the living constitution
Informing Congress : the role of the executive in times of war
The enforcement of EU law : the role of the European Commission
A history of state responsibility : the struggle for international standards
Judicial law-making in Post-Soviet Russia
Constitutional conflicts between Congress and the President
"The latest version of a classic. New edition includes for first time coverage of: Obama's military decisions in Iraq and Afghanistan; military operations against Libya in 2011; efforts to close Guantanamo; threatened attacks on Syria in 2013; "Fast and Furious" scandal: Attorney General Holder's contempt and Obama's use of executive privilege; Obama's recess appointments during a pro forma session; Obama's reliance on executive branch secrecy and the so-called "state secrets privilege;" the lack of presidential accountability; a new analysis of the differences between "implied" powers (constitutional) and "inherent" powers (not constitutional); the growth in presidential "czar" appointments; the use of pocket vetoes and "hybrid vetoes"; and new developments in the president's removal power"--
The president and the supreme court : New Deal to Watergate
The utopia of rules : on technology, stupidity, and the secret joys of bureaucracy
All things to all men : the false promise of the modern American presidency
Presidents, prime ministers, and chancellors : executive leadership in western democracies
Presidential power and the modern presidents : the politics of leadership from Roosevelt to Reagan
Multilevel union administration : the transformation of executive politics in Europe
Administrative law in a global era
The decline and fall of the American republic
Power in Washington; : a critical look at today's struggle to govern in the Nation's Capital
Handbook on the economics of cultural heritage
The Federalist papers
Presidentialism and democracy in Latin America
Power and the state
The discretionary president : the promise and peril of executive power
International mechanisms and procedures for implementation
The public sector middle manager : the puppet who pulls the strings
"When engaging with other countries, the U.S. government has a number of different policy instruments at its disposal, including foreign aid, international trade, and the use of military force. But what determines which policies are chosen? Does the United States rely too much on the use of military power and coercion in its foreign policies? Sailing the Water's Edge focuses on how domestic U.S. politics--in particular the interactions between the president, Congress, interest groups, bureaucratic institutions, and the public--have influenced foreign policy choices since World War II and shows why presidents have more control over some policy instruments than others. Presidential power matters and it varies systematically across policy instruments. Helen Milner and Dustin Tingley consider how Congress and interest groups have substantial material interests in and ideological divisions around certain issues and that these factors constrain presidents from applying specific tools. As a result, presidents select instruments that they have more control over, such as use of the military. This militarization of U.S. foreign policy raises concerns about the nature of American engagement, substitution among policy tools, and the future of U.S. foreign policy. Milner and Tingley explore whether American foreign policy will remain guided by a grand strategy of liberal internationalism, what affects American foreign policy successes and failures, and the role of U.S. intelligence collection in shaping foreign policy. The authors support their arguments with rigorous theorizing, quantitative analysis, and focused case studies, such as U.S. foreign policy in Sub-Saharan Africa across two presidential administrations. Sailing the Water's Edge examines the importance of domestic political coalitions and institutions on the formation of American foreign policy. "--
Montesquieu's separation of powers and the semi-presidential constitution - Finland's past and future?
Semi-presidentialism and democracy
The implementation game : what happens after a bill becomes a law
European governance and supranational institutions : making states comply
Scandinavian politics today
TRIPs agreement : enforcement of intellectual property rights
Governing America : the politics of a divided democracy
