http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13022 sitting
sitting
Identification with virtual teams
11 days at the edge : one man's spiritual journey into evolutionary enlightenment
Inactivity is an independent health risk : objectively measured muscle activity and inactivity during normal daily life of ordinary people
Sedentary behaviour and health with special reference to obesity and fatty liver in early midlife : the Cardiovascular Risk in Young Finns Study
Thinking of others : on the talent for metaphor
English abstract
Abstract (s. 6-7)
Development of freezing tolerance and vernalisation in forage grasses in field experiments (2009-2013)
Garments of paradise : wearable discourse in the digital age
Why were we born? : essays on life and enlightenment
Methodological solutions in the pedagogical research on identification processes
Are daily activity patterns altered between days with and without exercise for fitness?
Uplifted spirits, earthbound machines : studies on artists and the dream of flight, 1900-1935
The social construction of intellectual disability
Step by step : basic buddhist meditations
Spatial diffusion of modernization : a study of farm mechanization in Finland at regional and local levels
The clarity of God's existence : The ethics of belief after the enlightenment
Koke-a : touch, feel, and wake up the senses
Spatial model analysis of party policy strategies : insights of deterministic and probabilistic voting with 'biased' voters: applications to Finland
Feeling film : affect and authenticity in popular cinema
The butler did it : reader involvement in male detective fiction
The diamond sutra : the Buddha also said..
Tractors : a visual history
The emotional tie : psychoanalysis, mimesis, and affect
Disability, public space performance and spectatorship : unconscious performers
Peter J. Bentley tells the story of computer science, explaining how and why computers were invented, how they work, looking at real-world examples of computers in use, and considering what will happen in the future.
Modes of flamenco
The odyssey experience : physical, social, psychological, and spiritual journeys
Harvesting operations in eucalyptus plantations in Thailand
A correlative study of the relationship between body awareness and sitting posture of a group of office workers
With English and German summaries.
Projection, identification, projective identification
You don't have to live like this : a novel
Tavan takaa : kansatieteellisiä tutkimuksia tapojemme historiasta : ethnological studies of Finnish customs and beliefs = Behind the customs
Mobility, sitting posture and reaching movements in children with myelomeningocele
One Buddha is not enough : a story of collective awakening
The dynamics of music psychotherapy
Agricultural mechanization in development : guidelines for strategy formulation
A history of seating, 3000 BC to 2000 AD : function versus aesthetics
The notion of identification, especially in the discourse of feminist theory, has come sharply and dramatically into focus with the recent interest in such topics as queer performativity, cross-dressing, and racial passing. Identification Papers is the first book to track the evolution of identification's emergence in psychoanalytic theory. Diana Fuss seeks to understand where this notion of identification has come from, and why it has emerged as one of the most difficult problems in contemporary theory and politics. Identification Papers situates the recent critical interest in identification in the intellectual tradition that first gave the idea its theoretical relevance: psychoanalysis. Fuss begins from the assumption that identification has a history, and that the term carries with it a host of theoretical problems, conceptual difficulties, and ideological complications. By tracking the evolution of identification in Freud's work over a forty year period, Fuss demonstrates how the concept of identification is neither a theoretically neutral notion nor a politically innocent one. Identification Papers closely examines the three principal figures -- gravity, ingestion, and infection -- that psychoanalysis invokes to theorize identification. Fuss then deconstructs the psychoanalytic theory of identification in order to open up the possibility of more innovative rethinkings of the political. Drawing on literature, film, and Freud's own case histories, and engaging with a wide range of disciplines -- including critical theory, philosophy, film theory, cultural studies, psychoanalysis, and feminism -- Identification Papers will be a necessary starting point in any future theoretical project that seeks to mobilize the concept of identification for a feminist politics.
Why share? : motivational predictors of individual knowledge sharing in expert work
Simulating minds : the philosophy, psychology, and neuroscience of mindreading
Intergroup sympathies and language patterns in Finland : results from a survey
Labor and rainfed agriculture in West Asia and North Africa
Deskbound : standing up to a sitting world
The ergonomics of working postures : models, methods and cases : the proceedings of the first International Occupational Ergonomics Symposium, Zadar, Yugoslavia, 15-17 April 1985
Dick for a day : what would you do if you had one?
Basic body awareness therapy : exercises, verbal guidance, observation and assessment of quality of movement : a first introduction
Sedentary time and the associations with 10-year cardiovascular disease risk and type 2 diabetes in midlife : FIN-D2D study
Human identity and bioethics
The record of transmitting the light : Zen master Keizan's denkoroku
Agricultural mechanization : issues and options
How enlightement change your brain : the new science of transformation
"This book has a simple message for business leaders: you help yourselves by helping the poor. Instead of feeling as if the economy is working against them, the poor need to feel they have a stake in it so they will buy your products and put money in the bank. Supporting poor people's efforts to move into the middle class is the only way to enrich everyone, rich and poor alike"--
On being Buddha : the classical doctrine of Buddhahood
The psychology of person identification
Planetary gentrification
Lessons learned using theory of mind methods to investigate user social awareness in virtual role-play
Urban sociology : a global introduction
Social identities between the sacred and the secular
Grey field : search for an intermediate solution on the field of seating
Now I sit me down : from klismos to plastic chair : a natural history
Farm implements for small-scale farmers in Tanzania
Physiological and molecular analysis of cold acclimation of plants
Power vs. force : the hidden determinants of human behavior
Cold hardiness research on agricultural and horticultural crops in Finland
The effect of aquatic exercise on symptoms, function, body composition and cartilage in knee osteoarthritis
Abstract in the book jacket.
The dynamics of party support : cohort-analyzing party identification
The suburbanization of New York : is the world's greatest city becoming just another town?
Pandaemonium : 1660-1886 : the coming of the machine as seen by contemporary observers
" The American economy is stalled because business and political leaders are ignoring the one force that could truly re-energize their companies and the economy: the poor. The massive economic energy and potential of the poor and the struggling middle class has been left on the sidelines. John Hope Bryant's stirring book shows how this came to be and lays out some simple ideas for making the economy work again--for everyone. The poor are not stupid or lazy, but they know when the system is stacked against them. Business loans, home loans, and financial investments have vanished from their communities. The path up to the middle class has disappeared, while the path down from the middle class is in danger of becoming a superhighway. The future of our nation fully depends on overturning powerful myths about how the economy works. Fully 70 percent of the American economy is driven by consumer spending, but more and more consumers have less and less to spend and feel like the deck is stacked against them. When business leaders begin to value the poor and understand that helping them succeed will help the economy thrive, we'll be well on our way to restoring the American Dream of equal economic opportunity"--
Abstract: Computerization of the Kenyan health care records. The purpose of this paper is to create awareness of the benefits of a computerized health care system as opposed to the manual system of record keeping currently in operation within the Kenyan healthcare sector. This paper highlights the current problems that hospitals face and how they can be eliminated. In the research of this Thesis, it was found that the Kenyan population estimates as of 2011 records 41 million inhabitants. The largest referral hospital in Kenya, the Kenyatta national hospital currently has to contend with 3,000 manual transactions daily with stationery accounting for 12 per cent of it is administrative costs. Lack of computer-based files means that health care professionals cannot effectively cater to the patients' well-being. The health of these inhabitants is vital and this paper will emphasize on how computerization in the health care system will revamp it. By digitizing over 40 million records and other technology transformations, the Kenyatta hospital believes that it will contribute to the knowledge transfer and citizen transformation ecosystem. The research questions for this paper were: What is the current situation in the Kenyan medical record system in the health sector? How can a computer-based system be incorporated in the Kenyan health sector? What are the benefits of introducing a computer-based system in the Kenyan health sector? As a result of the thesis, ideas of a computerized healthcare system were formulated and a general framework of the system examined. The computer-based system derived from this paper would be able to effectively and efficiently output the identity of individuals, their diagnosis and medical history without necessarily having to go back to the manual bundle of records.
Resource revolution : how to capture the biggest business opportunity in a century
The pocket Thich Nhat Hanh
Night boat : a zen novel
Focusing on the important relationship between the 'sacred' and the 'secular', this book demonstrates that it is not paradoxical to think in terms of both secular and sacred or neither, in different times and places. International experts from a range of disciplinary perspectives draw on local, national, and international contexts to provide a fresh analytical approach to understanding these two contested poles. Exploring such phenomena at an individual, institutional, or theoretical level, each chapter contributes to the central message of the book - that the 'in between' is real, embodied and experienced every day and informs, and is informed by, intersecting social identities.Social Identities between the Sacred and the Secular provides an essential resource for continued research into these concepts, challenging us to re-think where the boundaries of sacred and secular lie and what may lie between.
How the poor can save capitalism : rebuilding the path to the middle class
Identification and child rearing
Bodyspace : anthropometry, ergonomics and the design of work
Carbohydrate concentrations and dormancy as related to winter hardiness in red rasberry (Rubus idaeus L.)
Computerization of the Kenyan health care records
The house in the twentieth-century
Technoculture and critical theory : in the service of the machine?
Ordinary grace : an examination of the roots of compassion, altruism, and empathy, and the ordinary individuals who help others in extraordinary ways
Chair yoga : seated exercises for health and wellbeing
Lack of muscle activity in leg muscles of office workers : effect of a dynamic office chair
Reduced muscle inactivity, sedentary time and cardio-metabolic benefits : effectiveness of a one-year family-based cluster randomized controlled trial
Digitized : the science of computers and how it shapes our world
Situatedness, or, why we keep saying where we're coming from
