http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13066 wheat
wheat
Simply gluten-free & dairy-free : breakfasts, lunches, treats, dinners, desserts
Maize and winter wheat production with different soil tillage systems on silty loam
Trace element concentrations in the grain of wheat cultivars as affected by nitrogen fertilization
Interactions--the keys to cereal quality
Wheat policy reform in Egypt : adjustment of local markets and options for future reforms
A single and uniform fertilizer application may lead to ineffective crop nutrient uptake and use. In order to enhance nutrient use efficiency the application should be adjusted according to the need of the cultivated crop. This task is challenging because weather is unknown and unpredictable over the upcoming growing season. One solution is site-specific fertilizer application in several separate events throughout the season. Such a precision fertilization method requires information on the current crop state (e.g. the availability of water and nutrients in the soil) and a crop growth model that aims to assess current crop growth and near future needs. A field experiment with varying radiation, precipitation and nutrient conditions was established to test our crop growth model performance. Spring wheat (Triticum aestivum L.) was grown using three fertilization rates with three precipitation and two radiation treatments within each fertilization treatment. The observed crop biomass accumulation in the highest fertilization treatment was considered as the highest possible in the prevailing conditions. The simulated (maximal) biomass accumulation was in agreement with the highest observed biomass yield. The results were found promising for further use of the model in crop growth evaluation during the growing season.
Improved extraction of prolamins for gluten detection in processed foods
Forward hedging under price and production risk of wheat
Cereals in a European context : 1st European conference on food science and technology
Econometric analysis of price linkages - an application to wheat and durum markets
Wheat sourdough as a bread leavener : effect of ash content, fermentation temperature, sugar and salt
The master bakers' book of breadmaking
The content of dietary fiber, amino acids, dihydroxyphenols and some macro- and micronutrients in grain of conventionally and organically grown common wheat, spelt wheat and proso millet
Effects of wheat gluten quality and baking process on dough and bread characteristics = Effekt av glutenkvalitet i hvete og bakeprosess på deig- og brødegenskaper
Rice-wheat cropping systems in Rupandehi district of the Nepal Terai : diagnostic surveys of farmers' practices and problems, and needs for further research
The effect of different tillage-fertilization practices on the mycoflora of wheat grains
Low grain protein often restricts the use of grain lots for milling in Finland. Nitrogen availability during grain-filling may restrict grain protein accumulation, particularly in high yielding environments. Slow-release fertilizers could potentially sustain nitrogen availability during the grain-filling period. The aim of this study was to increase plant nitrogen uptake, grain yield and grain protein response of spring wheat cultivar "Amaretto", using combinations of a regular and slow-release compound NPK fertilizer. Fertilizer treatment effects on grain yield was modest, however, slow-release fertilizer treatments lowered grain protein content as well as grain, straw and total plant N compared with control treatment. The total plant N was 10 to 27 kg ha-1 lower following application of slow-release fertilizer. The results clearly indicate that the release of N by the slow-release fertilizer tested in this trial was too slow for cool Finnish growing conditions.
A comparative ideotype, yield component and cultivation value analysis for spring wheat adaptation in Finland
Bunts and smuts of wheat : an international symposium, Raleigh, North Carolina, August 17-20, 1997
These coconut flour recipes are completely free of wheat, gluten, soy, trans fats, and artificial sweeteners. Coconut flour provides many health benefits: it can improve digestion, help regulate blood sugar, protect against diabetes, help prevent heart disease and cancer, and aid in weight loss.
Wheat and barley production in Great Britain, 1994/95 : year two of the CAP reform
Formation of aliphatic carboxylic acids during soda-AQ pulping of wheat straw and reed canary grass
Cereal pests and diseases
Wheat belly : lose the wheat, lose the weight, and find your path back to health
Pretreatment categories, process alternatives and material characteristics in enzymatic hydrolysis of lignocellulose
Occurrence and properties of steryl ferulates and glycosides in wheat and rye
Growing grain on Yorke Peninsula
Grain brain : the surprising truth about wheat, carbs, and sugar - your brain’s silent killers
Epidemiology and geophytopathology of selected seed-borne diseases
Wheat research and development in Pakistan
First report of Diuraphis (Holcaphis) frequens as a pest of wheat in Finland
Wheat genetic resources : meeting diverse needs
Modification of wheat bran for high-moisture food applications
Predicting the yield of spring wheat by weather indices in Finland : implications for designing weather index insurances
Within species variation in host plant quality and movement behavior of Lygus rugulipennis nymphs
The intolerant gourmet : glorious food without gluten & lactose
The phytic acid (PA), inorganic phosphorus (Pi), yellow pigment (YP), water soluble phenolics (WSPH) and free protein sulfhydryl groups (PSH) of 15 Triticum aestivum and 15 Triticum durum wheats grown at six different environments were evaluated for variability, intra- and inter- relations with agronomic traits. The most variable properties in bread wheat were YP and WSPH with coefficients of variation (CV) amounting to 14.59% and 14.10%, respectively, while in durum wheat those were PSH and YP with CV of 17.59% and 15.02%, respectively. PA in durum wheat showed the least variability (CV 3.61%). Among others, positive associations were obtained between WSPH and YP in bread and durum wheat, YP and PSH, WSPH and PSH, yield (YLD) and WSPH, YLD and PSH in durum wheat, while negative associations were recorded for PA and YP, PA and WSPH, YLD and antioxidants (YP and WSPH) in bread wheat, PA and antioxidants, PA and YLD in durum wheat..
Wheat grain samples from 108 fields in Slovakia were analysed for their technological quality parameters and deoxynivalenol (DON) content. A total of 206 samples were sorted into those that were suitable (S; n = 186) and those that were unsuitable for human consumption (U; n = 20). The S samples were sorted into grain quality grades (E - elite; A - standard; B - minimum; P - biscuit). The natural occurrences of DON were 72.3 % in the E; 84.9 % in the A; 86.1 % in the B; 58.1 % in the P and 100.0 % in the U samples. The mean DON content was 0.55 mg kg−1 in the E; 0.47 mg kg−1 in the A; 0.67 mg kg−1 in the B; 0.36 mg kg−1 in the P and 1.67 mg kg−1 in the U samples. The natural mean DON contamination of the human consumption samples was lower (0.52 mg kg−1) than for the samples that were unsuitable for human consumption (1.67 mg kg−1).
Studies on wheat straw pulp fractionation : fractionation tendency of cells in pressure screening, hydrocyclone fractionation and flotation
Climate and human impacts on wheat production and land use in the Loess Plateau region, China
Cadmium, a challenge for organisms : agricultural perspectives
Structural differencies of wheat straw, sugar cane bagasse and eucalypt
In the short growing season of the northernmost European growing conditions, farmers are increasingly interested in expanding cultivation of later maturing crops at the expense of early maturing ones with lower yields. In this study we aimed to assess how the switching between spring cereals that differ in earliness was associated with different external factors. This was tested using unique datasets for regional cropping areas and cultivar use for the last 15 years. Early maturing barley was favored at the expense of later maturing wheat when a high number of days to crop maturity was required in the preceding year. In contrast, farmers reduced the barley area when a high number of cumulated degree days was required for a crop to mature in the previous year. A shift was recorded from early to late maturing cultivars. This study indicated that despite limited opportunities for farmers to alter land use, they readily responded to past conditions and used the knowledge gained for decision-making to reduce risk. This is a valuable operative model for studying adaptation to opportunities and constraints induced by climate change.
Wheat : science and trade
Salt stress in wheat (Triticum aestivum) and its impact on plastid development
Atlas of cereal diseases and pests in Europe
Wheat and wheat improvement
From wheat to bread
Dilute acid catalysed hydrolysis of cellulose – extension to formic acid
Modifying Wheat Bran for Food Applications - Effect of Wet Milling and Enzymatic Treatment
The chemistry and technology of cereals as food and feed
Learn to cook wheat, gluten and dairy free : 100 step-by-step recipes
Wheat science : the green revolution of Nazareno Strampelli
Cereal yield and nutrient uptake as affected by tillage, nitrogen and sulphur fertilization and biological N2, fixation in semiarid Ethiopia = Kornavling og næringsopptak påvirket av jordarbeiding, nitrogen- og sovelgjødsling og biologisk N-fiksering i tørre områder i Etiopia
The effect of NaOH-treated wheat on the voluntary intake and production in dairy cows fed total mixed rations
Winter wheat, water, nitrogen and latitude
Wheat in the Third World
A production model for wheat and feedgrains in France (1946-1961)
Source and sink during the reproductive period of wheat : development and its regulation with special reference to cytokinins
Restoring heritage grains : the culture, biodiversity, resilience, and cuisine of ancient wheats
The future development of maize and wheat in the Third World
Variation of phytosterols and steryl ferulates in wheat grains and fractions
Revolution on the pampas : a social history of Argentine wheat, 1860-1910
Seed technology and its biological basis
Host-pathogen interaction between spring wheat and Septoria nodorum with reference to resistance breeding
Wheat health management
The intolerant gourmet
Gluten protein composition and quality in bread wheats
Climate and human impacts on wheat production and land use in the Loess Plateau region , China
The demand for public storage of wheat in Pakistan
The Brazilian wheat policy: its costs, benefits, and effects on food consumption
Impact of water content on enzymatic modification of wheat bran
Principles of cereal science and technology
Wheat : chemistry and technology
Effects of wholegrain foods and grain fibre in intestinal tract in relation to glucose metabolism : with an emphasis on wheat and rye bread effects
This paper quantifies the spring wheat yield conditional on temperature- and rainfall-based weather indices in Finland. The estimating equations are standardized and simplified so that they provide information for designing tradable contracts. A simple basket of weather indices, consisting of growing degree days, night frost and rainfall measures, has the potential to hedge about 38% of the wheat grower yield risk, with the remaining 62% being left as uninsured basis risk. Our results have several important implications for the design of simple and tractable weather index-based insurance contracts. The data suggest that the marginal products of weather events have a large variation across time and they are the most significant within certain critical time periods. Therefore, the weather events triggering the indemnity payments should be bounded within certain critical time regimes over their distribution along the growing season.
Handbook of cereal science and technology
A two-factor field experiment was carried out at the Lithuanian Institute of Agriculture during the period 2005-2008. The influence of different tillage and fertilization practices on wheat grain fungal contamination was evaluated. Grain surface contamination and internal grain infection with fungi were quantified using agar tests. Purified colonies were identified using different manuals. A total of 16 fungal genera were identified in spring and winter wheat grains. Alternaria infected 46.3% - 99.9%, Cladosporium 26.9% - 77.8%, Fusarium 0.9% - 37.1%, Penicillium 1.3% - 2.5% of grains tested. Winter wheat grain surface contamination by fungi ranged from 7.2 × 103 to 24.8 × 103 of colony forming units per g of grain (cfu g-1), spring wheat from 14.8 × 103 to 80.3 × 103 cfu g-1. No-tillage increased winter wheat grain infection by Alternaria, Aspergillus and Cladosporium species and total count of cfu g-1 on spring wheat grain surface. High fertilizer rates resulted in an increase in spring wheat grain infection by Fusarium and Penicillium species and total count of cfu g-1 on both spring and winter wheat grain surface.
Discovery of oxidative enzymes for food engineering : tyrosinase and sulfhydryl oxidase
Climate change and crop potential in Finland : regional assessment of spring wheat
Split application of nitrogen : effects on the protein in spring wheat and fate of [sup 15]N-labelled nitrogen in the soil-plant system
Wheat : botany, cultivation, and utilization
Breeding strategies for resistance to the rusts of wheat
Cereal breeding related to integrated cereal production : proceedings of the conference of the Cereal Section of EUCARPIA (European Association for Research on Plant Breeding), Wageningen, Netherlands, 24-26 February 1988
Utilization of tropical foods: cereals : compendium on technological and nutritional aspects of processing and utilization of tropical foods, both animal and plant, for purposes of training and field reference
Wheat production potential in Africa
Apparent ileal amino acid digestibility and the nutritive value of the triticale cultivars Moreno and Ulrika for growing-finishing pigs
Wheat breeding : its scientific basis
Effects of feed processing on the apparent ileal digestibility of amino acids in pig diets containing wheat bran or wheat middlings
Crop and soil specific N and P efficiency and productivity in Finland
The protection of wheat, January 1985-February 1989 : citations from AGRICOLA concerning diseases and other environmental considerations
Apparent ileal digestibility of amino acids in wet wheat protein and soya bean meal for growing pigs
Scale and complexity in plant systems research : gene-plant-crop relations
Climatic factors in relation to winterhardiness
Nitrogen fertilization and wheat quality : Stickstoffdüngung und Weizenqualität
Relationships between climate and winter cereal grain quality in Finland and their potential for forecasting
Appetite control : the role of food composition and structure
Wheat end-use properties : wheat and flour characterization for specific end-uses : full papers submitted for the poster show at ICC '89 Symposium : June 13-15, 1989, Lahti, Finland
Studies on wheat straw pulp fractionation:fractionation tendency of cells in pressure screening, hydrocyclone fractionation and flotation
Mycotoxin survey of wheat samples graded according to their technological quality
Variability of total soluble phenolic compounds and antioxidant activity in a collection of tetraploid wheat
CRC handbook of pest management in agriculture. Vol. 3
Lime-soda-oxygen (LSO) pulping of wheat straw. 1., Pulping
The aim of this work was to evaluate the main quality traits in the parental lines of wheat segregating populations to identify the best for subsequent genetic mapping of the traits. Significant differences (p < 0.001) among wheat genotypes were observed. Many of the examined crosses appeared to be suitable for the purpose, showing differences among parental lines as high as 4.6% for protein content, 6.4% for gluten content, 69 for gluten index, 50 mL for sodium dodecyl sulphate sedimentation volume, and 33.9 g for thousand-kernel weight, whereas differences accounting for 4.8, 2.4, and 7.3 were observed for yellow index, red index and brown index, respectively. The results pointed out that for studying at the same time the quantitative and qualitative features of gluten, the wheat populations derived from Latino x MG29896 and Saragolla x 02-5B-318 could be particularly appropriate. In addition, the latter cross was suitable to deepen the knowledge of yellow index regulation.
Proceedings from ICC'89 symposium : wheat end-use properties : wheat and flour characterization for specific end-uses
Phytochemicals beyond whole grains and health : non-targeted metabolite profiling in whole grain research
Compendium of wheat diseases
Testing the use of an analytical and mechanistic C3 - biomass accumulation model for precision fertilization
Plants and man in Australia
Explore On-farm : on-farm trials for adapting and adopting good agricultural practices
Brewing with wheat : the 'wit' and 'weizen' of world wheat beer styles
Studies of puroindoline a and b genes and their effect on wheat grain hardness = Studier av puroindoline a og b gener og deres betydning for hvetekornets hardhet
Cooking with coconut flour : a delicious low-carb, gluten-free alternative to wheat
Evolution of wild emmer and wheat improvement : population genetics, genetic resources, and genome organization of wheat's progenitor, Triticum dicoccoides
Wheat production constraints in tropical environments : a proceedings of the International conference, January 19-23, 1987, Chiang Mai, Thailand
Different formic acid levels in ensiling of whole crop barley and wheat
Healthier without wheat : a new understanding of wheat allergies, celiac disease, and non celiac gluten intolerance
Policy reform in American agriculture : analysis and prognosis
Three winter wheat cultivars were grown under low-N and high-N fertilization rates over two growing seasons. In spite of smaller 1000-grain weight, the high-N fertilization produced higher grain yields as well as grain N and trace element concentrations in both growing seasons. Trace element increments with high-N rate averaged 14.0% for Fe, 9.2% for Zn, 19.7% for Mn, 13.2% for Cu, 15.1% for Ni, and 23.0% for Cd. Only Na concentration was unaffected by N fertilization, whereas Pb and Cr were below detection limits. Absolutely small, but significant differences existed among tested cultivars for all trace elements and these cultivar effects were uniform on both N fertilization rates. However, cultivars differed in their rankings for trace element concentrations across two growing seasons and these specific responses appeared to be closely related to grain N.
Antioxidant activity of K2CO3-extracted lignin from wheat straw
Wheat diseases and pests : a guide for field identification
Targeted liberation and fractionation of angiotensin-I converting enzyme (ACE)-inhibitory tripeptides from wheat gluten
Wheat gluten protein analysis
Developmental stages of the apex used as a basis for supplemental nitrogen application in spring wheat production
A cook's guide to grains : delicious recipes, culinary advice & nutritional facts
Wheat flour milling
Advances in genetics
Varietal and environmental effects on wheat milling quality
Model prediction of frost tolerance as related to winter survival of wheat in Finnish field trials
Water content and metabolism of wheat during short storage and germination
Irrigated wheat : managing your crop
Wheat for the nontraditional warm areas
Nitrogen dynamics and nitrogen use efficiency of spring cereals under Finnish growing conditions
Wheat end uses around the world
In this study Mixed structural covariance, Path and Cultivation Value analyses and the CERES-Wheat crop model were used to evaluate vegetation and yield component variation affecting yield potential between different high-latitude (> 60° N lat.) and mid-European (< 60° N lat.) spring wheat (Triticum aestivum L.) genotypes currently cultivated in southern Finland. Path modeling results from this study suggest that especially grains/ear, harvest index (HI) and maximum 1000 kernel weight were significant factors defining the highest yield potential. Mixed and Cultivation value modeling results suggest that when compared with genotypes introduced for cultivation before 1990s, modern spring wheat genotypes have a significantly higher yielding capacity, current high yielding mid-European genotypes even exceeding the 5 t ha-1 non-potential baseline yield level (yb). Because of a forthcoming climate change, the new high yielding wheat genotypes have to adapt for elevated temperatures and atmospheric CO2 growing conditions in northern latitudes. The optimized ideotype profiles derived from the generic high-latitude and mid-European genotypes are presented in the results. High-latitude and mid-European ideotype profiles with factors estimating the effects of concurrent elevated CO2 and temperature levels with photoperiodical daylength effects can be utilized when designing future high yielding ideotypes adapted to future growing conditions. The CERES-Wheat ideotype modeling results imply, that with new high yielding mid-European ideotypes, the non-potential baseline yield (yb) would be on average 5150 kg ha-1 level (+108 %) vs. new high-latitude ideotypes (yb 4770 kg ha-1, 100%) grown under the elevated CO2(700ppm)×temperature(+3°C) growing conditions projected by the year 2100 climate change scenario in southern Finland.
Effects of applying stem-shortening plant growth regulators to leaves on root elongation by seedlings of wheat, oat and barley: mediation by ethylene
In Restoring Heritage Grains, author Eli Rogosa of the Heritage Grain Conservancy, invites readers to restore forgotten wheats such as delicious gluten-safe einkorn that nourished the first Neolithic farmers, emmert́he grain of ancient Israel, Egypt, and Rome that is perfect for pasta and flatbreads, rare durums that are drought-tolerant and high in protein, and many more little known wheat species, each of which have a lineage intertwined with the human species and that taste better than any modern wheat. Restoring Heritage Grains combines the history of grain growing and society, in-depth practical advice on landrace wheat husbandry, wheat folk traditions and mythology, and guidelines for the Neolithic diet with traditional recipes for rustic bread, pastry and beer. Discover the ancient grains that may be one of the best solutions to hunger today, and provide resilience for our future.--COVER.
Effects of lipids, heating and enzymatic treatment on starches
The 5th Regional wheat workshop for Eastern, Central and Southern Africa and the Indian Ocean, Antsirabe, Madagascar, October 5-10, 1987
Fumonisin B1 and beauvericin accumulation in wheat kernels after seed-borne infection with Fusarium proliferatum
Do farmers rapidly adapt to past growing conditions by sowing different proportions of early and late maturing cereals and cultivars?
Wild wheat : an introduction
Eri kasvuvaiheisiin ajoittuvan veden puutteen vaikutukset vehnän (Triticum aestivum L.) sadon muodostukseen = Effects of water deficit stress on yield formation of wheat (Triticum aestivum L.) at different growth stages
Wheat flour
HELP TOOLS AND INVESTMENT POTENTIALS OF WHEAT BUSINESS IN GHANA. CASE STUDY: OLAM,GHANA
Quality characteristics of parental lines of wheat mapping populations
Changes in varietal distribution of cereals in central and Western Europe
Rheological properties in wheat flour systems : molecular and interfacial basis
Hybrids, partial hybrids and monoploids from interspecific crosses of the Triticeae species attained by in vitro embryo culture
Photosynthesis and Rubisco kinetics in spring wheat and meadow fescue under conditions of simulated climate change with elevated CO[sub 2] and increased temperatures
The effects of conventional and organic farming system on some quality parameters of grains were studied in winter and spring common wheat, spelt wheat and proso millet. Under organic farming conditions, spelt wheat was characterized by the most favorable grain chemical composition (essential amino acids index [EAAI] 85.3, o-dihydroxyphenol 2.00 g kg-1, nitrogen [N] 23.5 g kg-1, magnesium [Mg] 705, zinc [Zn] 32.9 mg kg-1), followed by millet (total dietary fiber [TDF] 185.3 g kg-1, Mg 904, copper [Cu] 6.27, iron [Fe] 57.0 mg kg-1). The above-mentioned cereals also showed a satisfactory yield level under the organic system (spelt wheat 2.69, proso millet 1.42 t ha-1). Both in winter and spring common wheat organic farming led a significant reduction in productivity, but the content of chemical components in grain (dihydroxyphenols—spring wheat 1.68 g kg-1, winter wheat 1.74 g kg-1; selenium [Se]—spring wheat 53.4 mg kg-1, winter wheat 40.5 mg kg-1; some amino acids—spring wheat valine [Val] 5.11, methionine [Met] 2.09, tryptophan [Trp] 0.40 g kg-1, winter wheat glutamate [Glu] 41.9, proline [Pro] 15.3, glysine [Gly] 5.24, arginine [Arg] 5.04, [Trp] 0.97 g kg-1) was more favorable compared to the conventional system. The present study showed that the organic farming system does not result in reduced productivity neither in spelt wheat or proso millet, but contributes to an improvement in their grain quality parameters. On the other hand, common wheat performed better under the conventional system..
Calligypona obscurella (Boh.) : a new vector of the wheat striate mosaic and oat sterile-dwarf viruses
Induction of glutathione transferase activity in wheat and pea seedlings by cadmium
Phytic acid, inorganic phosphorus, antioxidants in bread and durum wheat and their associations with agronomic traits
Taigu genic male-sterile wheat
Yield trends of temperate cereals in high lattitude countries from 1940 to 1998.
Broadening of mildew resistance in wheat
Mixed culture pre-ferments of lactic and propionic acid bacteria for baking
A problem in gluten analysis has been inconsistent extractability of prolamins, particularly from processed foods consisting of unknown portions of prolamins from wheat, barley, and rye. This study aimed at improving the extraction of prolamins for immunological analysis, regardless of the cereal species and the production process. The prolamins were extracted with varying concentrations of ethanol, 1-propanol, and 2-propanol. Sodium dodecyl sulphate-polyacrylamide gel electrophoresis and Western blotting were applied to study the protein composition of the extracts and the antibody recognition of the prolamin subgroups. We characterized the affinities of prolamin-specific antibodies that are used in gluten analysis against the prolamin groups that were soluble in 40% 1-propanol. The antibody R5 recognized more abundantly the medium-molecular weight groups, including polymeric proteins, and less the high-molecular weight groups than the anti-ù-gliadin antibody. In the present study, the prolamins were most efficiently extracted by 40% 1-propanol with 1% dithiothreitol at 50 °C . The prolamins were extracted from processed bread samples with efficiency similar to that from untreated meal samples.
Simulation of spring wheat responses to elevated CO2 and temperature by using CERES-wheat crop model
Natural dietary therapies for the 'gluten syndrome'
Fusarium proliferatum is a fungal pathogen causing ear rot of maize. The fungus infects a range of other plants but the economic impact of these diseases has not been established. Recently, F. proliferatum and its mycotoxin fumonisin were found in wheat grains. Here we report that seed-borne infection of wheat with F. proliferatum resulted in systemic colonization of wheat plants and contamination of wheat grains with fumonisins and beauvericin. F. proliferatum strains originating from different hosts were able to infect wheat via seeds. Colonization of wheat plants with the fungus was highest in the stems, followed by leaves; one third of the strains reached kernels, causing accumulation of fumonisins and beauvericin to 15-55 µg kg-1. The results show that seed-borne infection of wheat with F. proliferatum can lead to contamination of wheat kernels with mycotoxins fumonisins and beauvericin..
Gliadin and glutenin : the unique balance of wheat quality
Effects of lime, triple superphosphate, urea and night temperature on the yield of wheat (Triticum aestivum L.) grown in soils from Antsirabe, Madagaskar
Slow-release fertilizer to increase grain N content in spring wheat
The total soluble phenolic compounds (TSPC) and antioxidant activity (AA) of 113 tetraploid wheat samples including cultivars, landraces, and wild accessions of different Triticum turgidum subspecies, were assessed to point out potential sources for cereal-based functional foods. TSPC ranged from 1.28 to 3.15 mg g-1 as ferulic acid equivalents and AA, assessed by 2,2-diphenyl-1-picrylhydrazyl radical scavenging capacity test, ranged from 47.5% to 81.7%. Among cultivars of ssp. durum, the highest levels were observed in "Timilia" and "Svevo", while the ssp. dicoccoides showed the highest TSPC and AA among the accessions. The principal component analysis of data discriminated cultivars from wild accessions, and PC1 explained about 62% of variability. The TSPC were negatively correlated with thousand-kernel weight and grain yield per spike, while were positively correlated with AA, grain protein content, polyphenol oxidase activity, and brown index of whole meal and dough. The cultivar "Langdon"coupled high TSPC and low brownness.
