http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13098 wage level
wage level
Taxation and the incentive to work
Two-wage schemes, frequently observed output and a team contract
Abstract (s. 1-2).
Were the women of Kotka tough?
Equal pay policies : international review of selected developing and developed countries
Personnel management and human relations : teacher's manual
Rewarding performance : guiding principles, custom strategies
Employment relations : a critical and international approach
Women, men and incomes : gender equality and economic independence : a report to the Committee on the Distribution of Economic Power and Economic Resources between Women and Men
A code of practice on the implementation of equal pay for work of equal value for men and women
CEO pay and shareholder value : helping the U.S. win the global economic war
Estimating income inequality : large sample inference in finite populations
Pay for performance : evaluating performance appraisal and merit pay
Wages, cost of living and national income in Sweden 1860-1930. Vol. 3, part II
Transferability of human capital and job switches
Personnel management : a comprehensive guide to theory and practice
Wage discrimination function
Finnish Women in Leading Positions
Wages, cost of living and national income in Sweden 1860-1930. Vol. 1, The cost of living in Sweden 1830-1930
Wage differentials between men and women : evidence from British Birth Cohort Studies
Shakespeare
Rights at work : pay equity reform and the politics of legal mobilization
Wage formation in Finland, 1960-1994
Sail in the Baltic, 1863-1900 : the case of maritime wages
Devaluation, real wage resistance and investment dynamics
Economic and behaviorist effects of payment by results and company characteristics : a study of white collar employees
Gender and women's interests in collective bargaining : paper presented at The Fourth International Interdisciplinary Congress on Women, New York, Hunter college, City University of New York, June 3-7, 1990
The global future of higher education and the academic profession : the BRICs and the United States
Paying the professoriate : a global comparison of compensation and contracts
Internal versus external reference perspective in efficiency wage models reconsidered
Motion and time study
Wages, cost of living and national income in Sweden 1860-1930. Vol. 3, part I
Incomparable worth : pay equity meets the market
In this volume, eminent economist Charles Kindleberger sets out to challenge the widespread belief that the market for seafarers, in the days before steam, was efficient, conforming more or less to a strong prior belief in the neo-classical economic model of supply and demand. Maritime history is traditionally strewn with references to crimping or shanghaiing, naval press-gangs, desertion, mutiny, marooning and shipwrecks due to drunkeness or negligence. In contrast, Kindleberger examines issues of recruitment and pay, the treatment of seamen, and the question of government intervention and its impact on efficiency, in the engaging narrative style that is his trademark. Offering an original and informative account of the markets for seafarers in the age of sail, Mariners and Markets will be welcomed by economic and maritime historians alike.
Collective bargaining over effort and wages
On the social dimension in posting of workers : reasoning on posted workers directive, wage liability, minimum wages and right to industrial action
Reflections of systemic justice? : employees' and supervisors' experiences of injustice in the performance appraisal and merit pay context
Human capital and industry wage differentials in Finland
Foreigners and employment in the Pirkanmaa region : an assessment on tutoring provided by TAMK BBA programme
Equal pay protection in industrialised market economies : in search of greater effectiveness
Essays in economics of education
Equity and gender : the comparable worth debate
Similar education - different career and wages?
Job tenure in Finnish industry
Expatriate compensation : review and findings among Finnish expatriates
Micro-components of aggregate wage dynamics
"How are professors paid? Can the "best and brightest" be attracted to the academic profession? With universities facing international competition, which countries compensate their academics best, and which ones lag behind? Paying the Professoriate examines these questions and provides key insights and recommendations into the current state of the academic profession worldwide. Paying the Professoriate is the first comparative analysis of global faculty salaries, remuneration, and terms of employment. Offering an in-depth international comparison of academic salaries in 28 countries across public, private, research, and non-research universities, chapter authors shed light on the conditions and expectations that shape the modern academic profession. The top researchers on the academic profession worldwide analyze common themes, trends, and the impact of these matters on academic quality and research productivity. In a world where higher education capacity is a key driver of national innovation and prosperity, and nations seek to fast-track their economic growth through expansion of higher education systems, policy makers and administrators increasingly seek answers about what actions they should be taking. Paying the Professoriate provides a much needed resource, illuminating the key issues and offering recommendations"-- Provided by publisher.
Wage determination and incomes policy in open economies
Essays on stock option schemes and CEO compensation
Essentials of payroll : management and accounting
HCIMA salaries and benefits in the hotel and catering industry : 1991 Survey : Volume I
The new pay : linking employee and organizational performance
Closing the gender gap : determinants of change in the female-to male blue collar wage ratio in Swedish manufacturing 1913-1990
The disappearing wage premium of computer skills
A note on changes in the wage and unemployment structures in Spain : evidence from the Luxembourh Income Study
The effects of schooling and experience on earnings in Finland : some preliminary results
A decade of hospitality management research : tenth anniversary volume
Job evaluation : a guide to achieving equal pay
Profit-sharing, collective bargaining and employment
Efficiency wages : models of unemployment, layoffs, and wage dispersion
The global wage system : a study of international wage differences
To incentive pay : the pay reform in the state sector
CEO compensation, firm size and firm performance : evidence from Finnish panel data
Why men earn more : the startling truth behind the pay gap--and what women can do about it
Selected readings in Finnish.
Comparable worth : new directions for research
Fundamentals of human resource management
Result-based bonuses as a tool of organization development : bonus models in state organizations and their use in organization development
Essays on human capital and earnings in Finland
Personnel management and human relations : workbook
Intern nation : how to earn nothing and learn little in the brave new economy
Salary determination in professional labour markets
Favor of the pharaoh
Can job evaluation improve women's wages?
The persistence effects of shocks on wages and employment in the insider-outsider framework
Wage inflation, expectations and indexation
Nickel and dimed : on (not) getting by in America
The Global Future of Higher Education and the Academic Profession focuses on the all-important emerging BRIC (Brazil, Russia, India, and China) nations by analyzing the academic profession and particularly salaries and contracts. The professoriate is key to the success of any academic system, and this is the first book to carefully analyze academic systems and the academic profession. The academic profession must be adequately paid, and appointments to academic jobs must be based on merit and provide an effective career path for the 'best and brightest' to be attracted to the profession. The BRICs show a variety of approaches to academic careers-and none provide globally competitive salaries. China and Russia, in particular, pay academics poorly. Using purchasing power parity, this book is able to accurately compare the actual purchasing power of the academic profession. The book also analyzes how professors are appointed and promoted. While the BRICs may be emerging global economic powers, their academic systems still face significant challenges.
Wage differentials, wage mobility and skills in Finnish industry : an empirical analysis of the period 1980-1992
Paid on merit, or paid by gender? : wage-gap and labour-market segregation remain obstacles to equality : an interview with the Ombudsman for Gender Equality, Pirkko Mäkinen
Imperfect competition in models of wage formation and international trade
Gender, work and wages in the Soviet Union : a legacy of discrimination
The management of people in hotels, restaurants and clubs
Essays on the gender wage gap in Finland
Overeducation in Europe : current issues in theory and policy
Underfed, underpaid and overlooked : women, the key to food security in South Asia
Valuing roles : How to establish relative worth
Pay reform for top civil servants in Norway : towards market and performance pay; business as usual?
Private returns to education in Finland : back to basics
Differences and changes in wage structures
The evolution of gender wage differentials over the career
Millions of Americans work full-time, year-round, for poverty-level wages. In 1998, the author decided to join them. She was inspired in part by the rhetoric surrounding welfare reform, which promised that a job, any job, can be the ticket to a better life. But how does anyone survive, let alone prosper, on $6 an hour? To find out, she left her home, took the cheapest lodgings she could find, and accepted whatever jobs she was offered. Moving from Florida to Maine to Minnesota, she worked as a waitress, a hotel maid, a cleaning woman, a nursing home aide, and a Wal-Mart sales clerk. She lived in trailer parks and crumbling residential motels. Very quickly, she discovered that no job is truly "unskilled," and that even the lowliest occupations require exhausting mental and muscular effort. She also learned that one job is not enough; you need at least two if you intend to live indoors. This work reveals low-rent America in all its tenacity, anxiety, and surprising generosity, a land of Big Boxes, fast food, and a thousand desperate strategems for survival. Read it for the author's perspective and for a rare view of how "prosperity" looks from the bottom. You will never see anything, from a motel bathroom to a restaurant meal, quite the same way again. In her new afterword she explains why, ten years on in America this book is more relevant than ever.
The effects of general and firm-specific training on wages and performance: evidence from banking
Labour costs in restaurants : a study of labour costs in catering establishments in the Greater London area
Pay equity : the labour-feminist challenge
Studies in labor markets
Production rate and work strain on workers in cutting of pines in Tanzania
Estimating effort function with semiparametric model
Wage adjustment, imperfect competition and real exchange rate reversion : an attempt to unravel the PPP puzzle
Summary.
Occupational earnings differentials in Finland : empirical evidence from a cross section of individuals
Equal pay for women and men for work of equal value, just a principle of the ILO : comparative approach to equal pay policies of selected developing and developed countries
The role of internal and external reference perspectives in efficiency wage models : a note
Myths and realities of executive pay
Teachers' salaries in international comparison
Gender differentiation and discrimination : a study of Soviet wages
The economics of equal opportunities
Performance-related pay and gender wage differences
Wage from work and gender : a study on differentials in Finland in 1985
Job security provisions, wage setting and unemployment persistence
Mariners and markets
The role of insider and outsider effects in wage determination : the case of Finland 1985-1994
Kotityötutkimus = Housework study. Osa 4 = Part 4, Palkattoman kotisiivouksen arvo vuonna 1980 = The value of unpaid house cleaning in 1980
Wages, cost of living and national income in Sweden 1860-1930. Vol. 2, part II
Wage mobility in Finnish industry in 1980-1994
Developing information leaders : harnessing the talents of generation X
Product market deregulation, equilibrium unemployment and wages under bargaining and matching in the labour market
Who bear the burden of wage cuts? : evidence from Finland during the 1990s
Employee compensation : case Nedecon
Abstract (s. 3).
Wages, cost of living and national income in Sweden 1860-1930. Vol. 2, part I
HCIMA salaries and benefits in the hotel and catering industry : 1991 Survey : Volume II
Peer monitoring by wage norm
Unobserved human capital and firm-size premium
Two papers on income mobility
Article 119, the equal treatment principle and the concepts of direct and indirect discrimination in Community sex equality law
Reward management : alternatives, consequences and contexts
Wage setting, taxes and demand for labour : multivariate a nalysis of the cointegrating relations
Post-Unemployment Wages and Ecomic Incentives to Exit from Unemployment
The revaluation of women's work
Hierarchical assignments : stability and fairness
Method of pay in Finnish industry
Rent sharing and efficiency wages
Private- and public-sector earnings structures in Finland
Federal wage & hour standards for the hotel-motel and restaurant industries
