http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13042 public authority
public authority
Engaging the law in China : state, society, and possibilities for justice
Tracing education policy : selections from the Oxford Review of Education
Policy without politicians : bureaucratic influence in comparative perspective
Knowledge mobilization and educational research : politics, languages and responsibilities
A major new introduction to the theories and methods of public policy analysis and the changing nature of the policy process. Comprehensive, up-to-date and truly international in scope, it provides accessible yet sophisticated coverage of the field taking full account of global and multilevel dimensions.
On liberty and other essays
Reconceptualising democratic local governance in the Niger Delta
The paradox of constitutionalism : constituent power and constitutional form
Public power in Europe : studies in historical transformations
Public sector efficiency measurement : applications of data envelopment analysis
Implementation and the policy process : opening up the black box
Power and the state
In recent years, remarkable progress has been made in behavioral research on a wide variety of topics, from behavioral finance, labor contracts, philanthropy, and the analysis of savings and poverty, to eyewitness identification and sentencing decisions, racism, sexism, health behaviors, and voting. Research findings have often been strikingly counterintuitive, with serious implications for public policymaking. In this book, experts in psychology, decision research, policy analysis, economics, political science, law, medicine, and philosophy explore major trends, principles, and general insights about human behavior in policy-relevant settings. Their work provides an understanding of the many drivers - cognitive, social, perceptual, motivational, and emotional - that guide behaviors in everyday settings. They give depth and insight into the methods of behavioral research, and highlight how this knowledge might influence the implementation of public policy for the improvement of society. This collection examines the policy relevance of behavioral science to our social and political lives, to issues ranging from health, environment, and nutrition, to dispute resolution, implicit racism, and false convictions. The book illuminates the relationship between behavioral findings and economic analyses, and calls attention to what policymakers might learn from this vast body of groundbreaking work. Wide-ranging investigation into people's motivations, abilities, attitudes, and perceptions finds that they differ in profound ways from what is typically assumed. The result is that public policy acquires even greater significance, since rather than merely facilitating the conduct of human affairs, policy actually shapes their trajectory. This is the first interdisciplinary look at behaviorally informed policymaking. It includes leading behavioral experts across the social sciences consider important policy problems.
The public finances : an introductory textbook
International handbook of educational policy. Part 1
Public sector management
Access to Finnish public law
International handbook of educational policy. Part 2
Predicts a worse crash if key economic changes cannot be made, arguing that American consumer habits are at the heart of today's problems and recommends that the nation declare bankruptcy and rebuild broken systems from scratch.
Cosmopolitanism and the age of school reform : science, education, and making society by making the child
The policy process in the modern capitalist state
Workfare states
The government and politics of France
Active people create well-being
The structural transformation of the public sphere : an inquiry into a category of bourgeois society
In technology we trust : moral justifications in the climate change disputes in the United States
Architecture and authority in Japan
Economic foundations of political power
Organization for the public service
Information technology policy : an international history
China after Jiang
Unconstitutional changes of government in Africa : what implications for democratic consolidation?
International handbook of educational policy
The executive unbound : after the Madisonian republic
Access to welfare : an introduction to welfare rationing
Industrial organization and public policy
Principles of legislation : the uses of political authority
Slave patrols : law and violence in Virginia and the Carolinas
Women and the public sphere in the age of the French Revolution
Magna Carta : the making and legacy of the great charter
Handbook on the economics of cultural heritage
Markets and democracy : exiting the tyranny of the majority
Book review "Interregional migration and public policy in Canada" by Kathleen M.Day and Stanley L. Winer
Boundaries of dissent : protest and state power in the media age
Managing public organizations : lessons from contemporary European experience
The administrative state : a study of the political theory of American public administration
State power and democracy : before and during the presidency of George W. Bush
Transforming government : lessons from the reinvention laboratories
Rule of law : prospects in Central Asia rural areas and human problems
The global politics of celebrity humanitarianism
The human resource crisis in the public sector : rebuilding the capacity to govern
Democracy and the economic challenge
The ecology of public administration
The environment, risk and liability in international law
The poetics of sovereignty in American literature, 1885-1910
The politics of structural education reform
Energy efficiency in household appliances and lighting
Energy policy in the greenhouse : from warming fate to warming limit
Democracy in the administrative state
"How can educational research have more impact? What processes of knowledge exchange are most effective for increasing the uses of research results? How can research-produced knowledge be better 'mobilized' among users such as practicing educators, policy makers, and the public communities? These sorts of questions are commanding urgent attention in global educational discourses and research policies. This attention has been translated into powerful material that shapes what is now considered to be worthwhile research. It directly affects how research is funded, recognized, and assessed. Yet precisely what activities constitute effective knowledge mobilization, or even what is meant by 'moving knowledge', remains unclear. Knowledge Mobilization explores - what politics are at play in determining knowledge 'impact' across radically different contexts? - who determines what counts as impact, and for what purposes? - how are 'results' of educational research separated from its participants and processes? - how are languages used in the construction of knowledge, the enactment of policy processes and the ways in which research unfold. This volume is unique in bringing together these wide-ranging issues of knowledge mobilization in education. The volume editors critically analyse these complex issues and also describe various efforts of knowledge mobilization and their effects. The contributors in Knowledge Mobilization speak from diverse occupational and theoretical locations. Leading scholars in Canada, the US, the UK, and Australia bring disciplinary perspectives from law, digital media studies, museum studies, journalism and policy-making as well as fields of education"--
Globalizing resistance against war? : a critical analysis of the theoretical debate through a case study of the "new" anti-war movement in Britain
Educational partnerships and the state : the paradoxes of governing schools, children, and families
Handbook of public administration
Legitimacy and power politics : the American and French Revolutions in international political culture
The times they aren't a-changin' : Social protest and law enforcement in popular song lyrics: Bob Dylan and Bruce Springsteen
Medieval and early modern court records in Finland (c. 1400-1809) : overview and research trends
Summary in Thai
This Discussion Paper critically examines local governance in the Niger Delta and its relevance to the search for inclusive and sustainable conflict-resolution in the oil-rich Niger Delta region of Nigeria. It critiques the existing local government system and explores the possibility of reconceptualising local governance along more inclusive, accountable and participatory lines that would institutionalise democracy, development and peace at the grassroots or community level in the troubled oil-rich region. Its originality lies in its departure from top-down perspectives, and its refocusing of attention on the oft-neglected local sites of conflict and under development. The paper will appeal to scholars, policy actors and development planners with a particular interest in developments at the African grassroots level.
American bureaucracy
Administering civil society : towards a theory of state power
Institutions & public law : comparative approaches
Democracy online : the prospects for political renewal through the Internet
Studies in modern Islamic law and jurisprudence
The real crash : America's coming bankruptcy : how to save yourself and your country
Public administration : the state of the discipline
Theories of power and domination : the politics of empowerment in late modernity
This Discussion Paper is based on a conceptual and analytical reading of cases of unconstitutional change of government in Africa. It provides a deep and up-to-date exploration of the prospects for democratic consolidation on the continent against the backdrop of an upsurge in unconstitutional changes of government. Rather than focus only on the internal threats to democracy in Africa, the author also analyses the role of neighbouring states, regional organisations and hegemonic forces within the international community in advancing or limiting democracy. In this regard, this work sheds light on why the pursuit of the liberal democratic project in Africa has so far appeared to alienate ordinary people, while providing space for dominant elites to tamper with democratic institutions and processes, which then work against popular participation and democratic development. This paper is essential reading for scholars, policy practitioners, analysts and all those with an interest in the prospects for democracy in Africa.
The rise of meso government in Europe
Ethical governance : a citizen perspective
Institutions and regional development in Southeast Asia : a comparative analysis of Satun (Thailand) and Perlis (Malaysia)
Higher education and the state : changing relationships in Europe and East Asia
Public policy : a new introduction
Presidency of the United States : history, analyses, bibliography
Preface to public administration : a search for themes and direction
The behavioral foundations of public policy
Education, globalisation and new times
Public sector economics
The role of government in the history of economic thought
Nobody : casualties of America's war on the vulnerable, from Ferguson to Flint and beyond
Game theory and public policy
China's legal system : new developments, new challenges
China's leaders : the new generation
The Mandate of Heaven and the Great Ming Code
Bonfire of the liberties : New Labour, human rights, and the rule of law
Advertising, competition and public policy : theories and new evidence
The RoutledgeFalmer reader in education policy and politics
