http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1307 social services
social services
Planning, need and scarcity : essays on the personal social services
Social work diagnosis in contemporary practice
Social Service Corporation. Third report, for twelve months October 1, 1913 - September 30, 1914.
Social policy and social services
Managing local social services in reforms : challenges to the leadership of human resource management
Skills for direct practice in social work
Quality management in social welfare and health care for the 21st century : national recommendation
Social work practice
Social services in the workplace : repositioning occupational social work in the new millennium
Habitus and care : investigating welfare service workers' agency
Social security
Supporting people : towards a person-centred approach
Cost and service structure comparison of social welfare and health care services for the elderly in the five biggest cities in Finland, 1999. Part 1, Key findings
Making the most of it : economic evaluation in the social welfare field
Social Sweden
The practice of macro social work
Social work and migration : immigrant and refugee settlement and integration
eCompetence for social work
The social protection of the frail elderly
Outcomes into practice : focusing practice and information on the outcomes people value : resource pack for managers and trainers
Asian tsunami and social work practice : recovery and rebuilding
Human rights and social justice in a global perspective : an introduction to international social work
English social services : methods and growth
Social assistance and social security in Italy
Carers' Viewpoint on Residential Practice : Experiences from Kuninkaantie Residential Unit
Tackling poverty and social exclusion : promoting social justice in social work
Reflective social work practice : thinking, doing and being
Social work in Hong Kong
Coordinating eldercare in the community : care management as a mode to implement welfare mix in Japan
What is social case work? : an introductory description
Privatization, vulnerability, and social responsibility : a comparative perspective
Paying for the social services
Advancing social work in mental health through strenghts-based practice
Research in social work
We're  having a baby  [Elektroninen aineisto] : a guidebook for expectant parents
Social work ethics on the line
Oral history in social work : research, assessment, and intervention
Reconceptualising agency and childhood : new perspectives in childhood studies
How to carry out register-based health services research in Finland? : compiling complex study data in the REDD project
Versions of care technology
Integrating research into practice : a model for effective social work
What is social work? : context and perspectives
Deviant peer influences in programs for youth : problems and solutions
Practising social work ethics around the world : cases and commentaries
New information technology in management and practice
Strategic marketing for not-for-profit organizations : program and resource development
Working together for better integration : immigrants, police and social work
Social work and mental health
Social work and social philosophy : a guide for practice
Planning Strategies for Home Care Services
The handbook of European welfare systems
Effect of waiting time on health outcomes and service utilization : a prospective randomized study on patients admitted to hospital for hip or knee replacement
The welfare paradox : income maintenance and personal social services in Norway and Britain, 1946-1966
Cross-sectoral collaboration as a solution : the preventative work against social exclusion in the municipal well-being plans for children and youth
Social policy and social dimensions on vulnerability and resilience in Europe
Social work with drug and substance misusers
In community : practical lessons in supporting isolated people to be part of community
By regarding children as actors and conducting empirical research on children's agency, Childhood Studies have gained significant influence on a wide range of different academic disciplines. This has made agency one of the key concepts of Childhood Studies, with articles on the subject featured in handbooks and encyclopaedias. Reconceptualising Agency and Childhood is the first collection devoted to the central concept of agency in Childhood Studies. With contributions from experts in the field, the chapters cover theoretical, practical, historical, transnational and institutional dimensions of agency, rekindling discussion and introducing fundamental and contemporary sociological perspectives to the field of research. Particular attention is paid to connecting agency in the social sciences with Childhood Studies, considering both the theoretical foundations and the practice of research into agency. Empirical case studies are also explored, which focus upon child protection, schools and childcare at a variety of institutions worldwide. This book is an essential reference for students and scholars of Childhood Studies, and is also relevant to Sociology, Social Work, Education, Early Childhood Education and Care (ECEC) and Geography.
Community healt nursing : an alliance for health
"All together now - exploring the many faces and facets of integrated care" : recent developments in integrated care in Europe and North America : the 10th International Conference on Integrated Care : programme and abstracts
Ethics is an increasingly important theme in social work practice. Worldwide, social workers experience common ethical challenges (how to be fair, whether to break a rule, how to act in politically tense situations) in very different contexts -- from disaster relief in China to child protection work in Palestine. This book takes as its starting point real life cases featuring ethical problems in the areas of: negotiating roles and boundaries, respecting rights, being fair, challenging and developing organisations and working with policy and politics. Each case opens with a brief introduction, is followed by two commentaries and ends with questions for reflection. The commentaries, written by authors from different countries, refer to relevant theories, concepts, practical matters, alternative courses of action and their implications. Features within the book include: An introductory chapter covering issues of global ethics Cases and commentaries drawn from across the world -- from Peru to Finland Cases based on real life situations and chapter introductions from leading authorities in social work and ethical theory Questions and practical exercises to aid teaching and professional development This book is a unique and accessible resource for stimulating ethical reflection, expanding ethical horizons and developing ethical and intercultural sensitivity. It is designed for use by undergraduate and postgraduate students and professionals in the fields of social work, social education/pedagogy, social care work, international social work, community development, community organisation, youth work and related fields.
The elderly in modern society
Reflection & controversy : essays on social work
Transformation of participation: politics and social citizenship in Finnish welfare governance
Social welfare in Finland
A theory of multicultural counseling and therapy
The Danish Pharmacy Act 2015 : amendments concerning community pharmacies
Social security in Finland
Social and caring professions in European welfare states : Policies, services and professional practices
Empowerment in social work practice : a sourcebook
Socially sustainable Finland 2020 : strategy for social and health policy
The consumer in public services : choice, values and difference
Participatory alternatives for charity food delivery ? : Finnish development in an international comparison
A new era for community care? : what people want from health, housing and social care services
Social welfare services in Japan 1986
Work and welfare : the unholy alliance
The reflective researcher : social workers' theories of practice research
Expectations and visions of elderly care among people aged 50-59 years : the report of transnational survey in Finland, the Netherlands, Poland and Hungary & The country report of Finland (in Finnish)
Social welfare alive! : an introduction to issues and policies in health and welfare
Managing social care : a guide for new managers
Moninaisuus mielessä!  a guide about meeting diversity of sexual orientation and gender in the field of social work : report of making a product
Human development : a social work perspective
Human growth and development
How participation, marginalization and welfare services are connected
Sociocultural aspects of translating and interpreting
Certain change : social work practice in the future
Establishing a private social service company to support individuals living at home
Faith-based organisations and exclusion in European cities
Research as empowerment? : report of a series of seminars organised by the Toronto Group
Social work and faith-based organizations
Facts about Finnish social welfare and health care
Unto the least of these : social services for children
Sammandrag. - Abstract.
Social work practice in healthcare : advanced approaches and emerging trends
Social care, service users and user involvement
The politics of social services
Statutory social welfare and health care services
Detecting falls at home : User-centered design of a pervasive technology
"All together now: exploring the many faces and facets of integrated care" : recent developments in integrated care in Europe and North America, programme and abstracts
Carersʼ viewpoint on residential practice: experiences from Kuninkaantie residential unit
Policy, people, and the new professional : de-professionalisation and re-professionalisation in care and welfare
Casework services for children : principles and practices
Together for homehelp services
"This helpful text represents another brick in the wall for social workers and social work students seeking to make sense of personalisation/person-centred support, personal budgets and the changing role of social work in the future...This book will help all concerned with social work make better sense of what this should look like - if it is to support social justice, inclusion and equality." (Professor Peter Beresford OBE, Brunel University and Chair, "Shaping Our Lives"). "This informative text bases the Personalisation discussion on real life examples and perspectives, providing a balanced account of the opportunities and obstacles faced by all stakeholders engaged in this agenda...The final chapter on managing change provides the reader with an opportunity to step forward in time and consider how Personalisation might be located within the historical timeline of delivering social care and whether concepts of co-production, empowerment and citizenship can in fact become central to this agenda. A book to get you 'thinking' and 'doing'." (Ali Gardner, Senior Lecturer, Manchester Metropolitan University, UK). "The authors have written a timely and highly topical book on the impact that Personalisation has and will have upon the world of Social Work. They do so in a very accessible way through highlighting the benefits of the model to all concerned, but crucially they explore some of the many concerns. In particular they address the anxieties expressed by qualified social workers upon their future role...I shall certainly draw upon the text for my own teaching and learning and will encourage students and practitioners to do the same." (Paul Hollingdale, Course Leader, University of Huddersfield, UK). Personalisation remains a huge talking point in the world of social care. This timely book addresses the tensions, opportunities and challenges faced by social workers attempting to implement personal funding and support. Written by three academics with extensive first hand experience of supporting people in personalised ways, the book highlights the ethical dilemmas and complexities of frontline practice and is grounded in a pragmatic and creative approach to personalisation. The authors offer an honest representation of positive aspects of personalisation and examine areas that cause concern. The book also: contains scenarios based on realistic examples of supporting service users and careers; recognises the political, social, cultural and individual factors that interplay in personalisation; provides a balance between an academic understanding of personalisation and application in practice; and presents a vision for what the future would look like with fully implemented personalisation in adult social care.
Cross-European research on various aspects of participation and marginalization in the field of welfare services
Social administration : readings in applied social science
In defence of the welfare state
Moving on from community care : the treatment, care and support of older people in England
Empowerment in everyday life : learning disability
Performance review and quality in social care
Social work process and practice : approaches, knowledge, and skills
Social work and empowerment
Social work science
Revaluing care in theory, law & policy : cycles and connections
Person centred planning and care management with people with learning disabilities
Client-centered evaluation : new models for helping professionals
Community informatics : shaping computer-mediated social relations
Integration Cards  : A Tool for Instructors Working with Immigrant Women
Recognise, protect and act : recommendations for the prevention of interpersonal and domestic violence : how to guide and lead local and regional activities in social and health care services
Social work in contemporary society
Opinions on social security and social services in Finland 2002
Providing information about urban services : issues, problems and practices in informing consumers about public services
Four faces of participation
Empowerment evaluation : knowledge and tools for self-assessment, evaluation capacity building, and accountability
Critical perspectives on user involvement
Successful project management in social work and social care : managing resources, assessing risks and measuring outcomes
Hybrids in temporary institutional care : Children with an immigrant background in municipal temporary institutional care in Greater-Helsinki.
Divided against itself : a study of integration in welfare bureaucracy
The SAGE handbook of international social work
Helping networks and human services
The logic of social welfare : conjectures and formulations
Research on service delivery. Vol. 2, Welfare or bureaucracy? : problems of matching social services to clients' needs
Settlement process of Afghan immigrant women based on cultural perspective in Finland
Zborník zo Záverečnej medzinárodnej konferencie o procese deinštitucionalizácie v Slovenskej republike : národný projekt : podpora procesu deinštitucionalizácie a transformácie systému sociálnych služieb = Conference proceedings - closing international conference on deinstitutionalization of social services in the Slovak Republic : national project support of deinstitutionalization of social services
Social work at the millenium : critical reflections on the future of the profession
Making user involvement work : supporting service user networking and knowledge
Research synergies in social professions / edited by Maria Michailidis, Silvia Fargion and Robert Sanders
Social work : introducing professional practice
Good practice in risk assessment and risk management. 1
Abstract: The objective of this thesis was to study the viewpoint of carers towards residential practice in Kuninkaantie Residential Unit. Kuninkaantie Residential Unit is a residential unit for children and youngsters with disabilities in Espoo, Finland, which was opened in autumn   2010.   It offers temporary care for children and residential practice for youngsters. This final thesis was implemented by interviewing the carers of the youngsters in residential practice concerning both their experiences and expectations towards the service. The aim of this thesis was to gather material based on which the residential practice can be improved in Kuninkaantie Residential Unit. This thesis was a qualitative study and six interviews were carried out as thematic interviews at the intervieweesʼ homes. Tentative questions had been divided into themes based on theories. These themes were; Co-operation, quality of life, and independent life.  The results of the thesis show  that mainly positive thoughts rose from the experiences of the carers. Especially the staff members and their knowhow were appreciated. Still, the information flow and general co-operation had been marginal and there were many opinions concerning the need for them. Some thought that the official residential practice had not  yet started and there was a hope for a possibility of common meetings in the future. The carers wanted to approach the function of the residential unit gently as it had started to function just recently. The actual building was criticized by nearly all the interviewees as from their point of view it limits the possibilities to a great extent. Individuality and planning the actions based on individuality were highlighted. This thesis process shows the importance of co-operation and working closely with the carers in order to improve the service for youngsters with disabilities. The co-operation enables the youngster to have a successful residential practice period based on empowerment, which will in the end lead to equal and good quality of life.
Values in social work
What is the role of science in social work? Ian Shaw considers social work inventions, evidence-based practice, the history of scientific claims in social work practice, technology, and social work research methodology to demonstrate the significant role that scientific language and practice play in the complex world of social work. By treating science as a social action marked by the interplay of choice, activity, and constraints, Shaw links scientific and social work knowledge through the core themes of the nature of evidence, critical learning and understanding, justice, and the skilled evaluation of the subject. He shows specifically how to connect science, research, and the practical and speaks to the novel topics this integration introduces into the discipline, including experience, expertise, faith, tacit knowledge, judgment, interests, scientific controversies, and understanding.
This timely book provides a reflective analysis of person centred planning for people with learning disabilities, complementing policy initiatives that focus on individualised planning and service user involvement. Drawing on practical experience and research findings, the contributors explore policy and practice issues, including: advocacy and empowerment; risk management and adult protection; inter-agency and inter-professional working; ethnicity and culture; de-institutionalisation. Vivid case studies illustrate best practice in person centred planning, and the authors offer a rich variety.
Social assessment theory and practice : a multi-discplinary framework
Tackling social exclusion
Mental health and social work
Good practice in risk assessment and risk management. 2 : protection rights and responsiblities
Social policy and administrarion revisited : studies in the development of social services at the local level
Rethinking welfare
National framework for high-quality services for older people
Social services for the elderly
Creating small scale social programs : planning, implementation, and evaluation
Social work increasingly finds itself at the frontline of issues pertaining to immigrant and refugee settlement and integration. In this timely book, Kathleen Valtonen provides the first book-length study on the challenges these issues create for the profession.The book draws on a wide range of current research in migration which is not widely available to social workers or included in social work literature. Readers are offered the opportunity to explore the capacity of the profession to play a primary role in the course and outcome of settlement, and to influence the integration and multicultural processes taking place at many levels in our modern societies of settlement.Across societies, social work is fashioning theory and practice for the current era of migration. Social change and the new diversity call for conventional notions of ethics and equity to be revisited. The book fills a gap in the social work literature by providing scholars, practitioners and students with a critical knowledge base that will strengthen their ability to engage with issues of immigration and integration and to open up options for effective practice with growing numbers of immigrant and refugee clients.
Attachment theory, child maltreatment and family support : a practice and assessment model
New directions in social work practice
Assessment in social work
Young families under stress : outcomes and costs of Home-Start support
Effectiveness of e-government in a two-case comparison : health care services in Finland and Estonia
The representations of social support from external resources by families raising children with severe disability in connection with dolphin assisted therapy
The service hub concept in human services planning
Social security, disability and rehabilitation : conflicts in the development of social policy 1914-1946
Collaboration in community care in the 1990s
Ethical dilemmas in social service
Personalisation for social workers : opportunities and challenges for frontline practice
Developmental evaluation exemplars : principles in practice
Social services in Denmark
Efficiency in the social services
Evaluation and action in the social environment
Essential theory for social work practice
The critical link 4 : professionalisation of interpreting in the community : selected papers from the 4th International Conference on Interpreting in Legal, Health and Social Service Settings, Stockholm, Sweden, 20-23 May 2004
Foundations of social work practice : a graduate text
Women and social work : towards a woman-centred practice
Management in social work
Services for homeless people : innovation and change in the European Union
Regulation of social services : what are the issues at stake?
Civicness in the governance and  delivery of social services
Community care : the family, the state and social policy
The ethics of caring for older people
Migration, small municipalities and the transition in the forms of social capital
Social services on both sides of the border
Children, families and social exclusion : new approaches to prevention
Abstract: This functional final thesis was done as part of the OSMOS project of Metropolia University of Applied Sciences and the Eastern Family Centre of Helsinki City Social Services Department. The product of the final thesis – Integration Cards – was designed for instructors working with immigrant women to support the integration of immigrants into Finnish society. The product consists of discussion cards with two themes – ̋Finnish culture ̋ and  ̋Services ̋ – and helping questions and advice related to the cards for the instructor. For easy availability the product was created in a PDF format.     The theoretical framework of this final thesis is social pedagogy and its related means of interaction and dialogue. The cards are designed to be used in various groups for immigrant women where the participants can share information and experiences and learn from each other. The aim of the cards is to promote the adaptation of immigrant women into the new culture through the use of dialogue and interaction with each other. The cards also promote the learning of the Finnish language.     Both of the themes, Finnish culture and Services, include ten topics for discussion. On each card there is a picture and a Finnish word referring to the topic. The picture is designed to be understandable even if a participant is not familiar with the Finnish word. The role of the instructor is to lead the discussion, evoke further questions and provide information about Finnish culture and services.     The product was tested in groups of immigrant women and the results show that the use of the cards promotes interaction and dialogue and helps the instructors to deal with topics related to integration together with the participants. However, the outcomes are closely related to the structure of the group and the language skills of the participants. Future possibilities would be to develop the cards further by creating more themes according to the needs of participants.
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Asset assessments and community social work practice
Integration cards: a tool for instructors working with immigrant women
The policies of inclusion : perspectives to disability policy in connection with changing welfare policy
Abstract (1 lehti). Summary (lehdet 27-33).
Research for effective social work practice
Adolescence and community : the youth service in Britain
Falling is the main cause of domestic accidents and fatal injuries to seniors at home. In this paper, we describe the design process for a new pervasive technology (CIRDO). The aim of this technology is to detect falls (via audio and video sensors) and to alert the elderly's family or caregivers. Two complementary studies were performed. Firstly, the actual risk situations of older adults were analyzed. Secondly, social acceptance was investigated for the different homecare field stakeholders. Our results highlight the tensions among social actors towards the tool and their impacts on technology acceptance by the elderly. Also, we show a significant change in the fall process due to the device. In actuality, the social functions associated with CIRDO implementation and the necessity of iterative design processes suggest that the CIRDO system should be more flexible and versatile to better fit the risk behaviors of seniors that evolve using this device..
Planning and costing community care
Personalisation : a rough guide
Services 2020 : competences in the international service society : final report
Moninaisuus Mielessä! A Guide about Meeting Diversity of Sexual Orientation and Gender in the Field of Social Work : Report of Making a Product
Generalist social work practice : an empowering approach
Introduction to social work practice
