http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13053 personal dossiers
personal dossiers
A lexicon of Greek personal names. Vol. 5A, Coastal Asia Minor: Pontos to Ionia
European glossary on education. Volume 4, Management, monitoring and support staff
Summary: Names of cultivated lands in the land survey catalogues by Johan Haberman - from the Savo region in eastern Finland of the 1620s.
Call me by my name : more than 2000 Xhosa, Zulu, Swazi and Ndebele names
Namenforschung : ein internationales Handbuch zur Onomastik = Name studies : an international handbook of onomastics = Les noms propres : manuel international d'onomastique. 1. Teilbd
Proceedings of the 21st International Congress of Onomastic Sciences : Uppsala 19-24 August 2002.. 4
MAAILMAN LINTULAJIEN SUOMENKIELISET NIMET = FINNISH NAMES OF THE BIRDS OF THE WORLD
Dictionary of first names
The deeper meaning of liff
The Wordsworth dictionary of pub names
This handbook offers an up-to-date account of the state of the art in different areas of onomastics, in a format that is both useful for specialists and accessible to the general reader. International experts examine name theory, place and personal names, names in literature, socio-onomastics, names and other disciplines, and other types of names.
Names of countries and their capital cities including adjectives of nationality and currency units = Noms de pays = Nombres de paises
The concise dictionary of world place-names
Gardner's chemical synonyms and trade names
Merriam-Webster's new geographical dictionary
Ainsworth & Bisby's dictionary of the fungi
Zander : Handwörterbuch der Pflanzennamen = Dictionary of plant names = Dictionnaire des noms des plantes
A dictionary of British surnames
Plants and their names : a concise dictionary
Dictionary of American family names
Seven-language thesaurus of European animals
A lexicon of Greek personal names. Vol. 3A, The Peloponnese, Western Greece, Sicily and Magna Graecia
Linnunnimisanakirja : suomi, tieteelliset, englanti = Dictionary of birds names : Finnish, scientific, English
Everyman's dictionary of first names
A lexicon of Greek personal names. Volume V.B, Coastal Asia Minor: Caria to Cilicia
BBC pronouncing dictionary of British names : with an appendix of Channel Islands names
English summary: The ancient boundaries of Mustila Village after purchase by Mr. Magnus Musda in 1481 and the Pelkhuo hill fort in Elimäki (For the 70th anniversary of Prof. Emer. Peter M. A. Tigerstedt).
A dictionary of useful and everyday plants and their common names
Dictionary of translated names and titles
Finnic personal names on Novgorod birch bark documents
A dictionary of first names
Dictionary of engineering materials
A dictionary of English surnames
Graphic workshop : a step-by-step guide
Letterhead 5 : an international collection of letterhead design : Briefpapiergestaltung im internationalen Überblick : une compilation internationale sur le design de papiers à lettres. 5
A lexicon of Greek personal names. Vol. 1, The Aegean Islands, Cyprus, Cyrenaica
Tiao-fish through Chinese dictionaries
How to write a CV that works
A dictionary of Muslim names
Pjatijazyčnyj slovar' nazvanij životnyh : ryby = Dictionary of animal names in five languages : fishes : latinskij, russkij, anglijskij, nemeckij, francuzskij : okolo 11700 nazvanij
A dictionary of English place names
Elsevier's dictionary of botany in English, French, German, Latin and Russian. 1, Plant names
A lexicon of Greek personal names. Vol. 2, Attica
The Meaning of Liff
BBC Pronouncing dictionary of British names
A dictionary of surnames
Kielten nimien tunnukset = Beteckningar för namn på språk = Code for the representation of names of languages
A lexicon of Greek personal names. Vol. 3B, Central Greece from the Megarid to Thessaly
Slovar' anglijskih familij : okolo 22700 familij = A dictionary of English surnames
Elsevier's dictionary of plant names and their origin
European bird names in ten languages
A pronouncing dictionary of English place-names : including standard local and archaic variants
With summaries in English.
The Penguin book of Hindu names
World travel dictionary : the dictionary for the travel industry
Dictionary of astronomical names
The Cassell dictionary of first names
European glossary on education. Vol. 1, Examinations, qualifications and titles
Selection & recruitment : a critical text
This book describes and illustrates each plant mentioned in the Old and New Testaments and the Apocrypha.
Letterhead 4 : an international collection of letterhead design : Briefpapiergestaltung im internationalen Überblick : une compilation internationale sur le design de papiers à lettres. 4
Elsevier's dictionary of eponyms
The Oxford handbook of names and naming
A lexicon of Greek personal names. Vol. 4, Macedonia, Thrace, northern regions of the Black Sea
Magyar-angol, angol-magyar keresztnévszótár = Hungarian-English, English-Hungarian dictionary of Christian names
The Cambridge dictionary of English place-names : based on the collections of the English Place-Name Society
4001 Babies' names and their meaning
Geographical names in Russian
Dictionary of world place names derived from British names
The ultimate CV book : write the perfect CV and get that job
Greek personal names : their value as evidence
A world of baby names
Now all we need is a title : famous book titles and how they got that way
Anglo-russkij i russko-anglijskij slovar' geografičeskih nazvanij = English-Russian and Russian-English geographical dictionary
A dictionary of Bible plants
The complete idiot's guide to the perfect resume
