http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13150 prototypes
prototypes
Rapid diagnostics, faster prescription : empowering doctors and patients in the diagnostic process
Detail & Scale 6 : F-18 Hornet. 6
In search for Avanto : a collection for the cold-water scuba divers with an infrared heating system
Printing the future : the 3D printing and rapid prototyping source book
Proteus : a cruise design tool for the future
Space frame furniture : a furniture series, based on engineering structures, using 8mm steel rod
Manufacturing processes for engineering materials
Thousands of prototypes are manufactured during one mobile device product development period. Prototypes are compulsory in order to create final product. During product development-phase prototypes are tested, studied and developed for final product. After testing or verification prototype is usually crushed and recycled. However, prototypes are costing money and with more effective prototype circulation, material and money can be saved. During product development, prototypes are also going through non-destructive tests and studies and it is investigated how to circulate those prototypes into another product development purposes within reasonable schedule. During development phase product prototype is verified to meet external and internal requirements. Prototypes are manufactured in smaller patches at first, but when moving closer to development phase end, manufacturing is moving into mass production and then prototype amounts are much higher. At the beginning of product development, there can be a gap between ordered and received prototype amounts, which can be a reflection of many items such as component availability and quality, prototype manufacturing issues or prototype immaturity. Because of smaller prototype patches at the beginning of product development, it would be beneficial to circulate suitable prototypes into following verification purposes inside product development. Developed process were piloted in actual product program development environment. Pilot period was 7 weeks. Pilot was done in one important product development organization. Piloted process result was clear and favoring agreed way of prototype circulation during product development?phase. While piloting process, couple of hundreds prototypes were able to circulate into next product development purpose after first primary activity. More prototypes were able to gain into verification areas and gap between ordered and received prototypescould be reduced. Calculations from economic and environmental perspective were made and savings were favoring prototype circulation process, even with lower circulation rates. Prototype amounts and prices as well as manufacturing costs are company confidential information, and those are not presented. Environmentally and economically it is smart to re-utilize tested, suitable and available prototypes instead of delivering prototypes into crushing and recycling.
Rapid prototyping and engineering applications : a toolbox for prototype development
Stimulating regional renewable energy planning in the City of Espoo with an application based on open data
Signal : a user experience prototype for visualizing notifications as light signals
Shift : an interactive device for demonstrating light guides
Rapid prototyping technology : selection and application
EDMD Collaboration and Virtual Prototyping
This thesis investigates possibilities to design an improved product for self-rescue from fires to help to reduce the number of deaths caused by fire. The work was commissioned by a product design company "Meso" based in Glasgow, United Kingdom. The primary idea was to design a survival kit for offices. The first thing to study was what kind of product would meet the needs of the market. The project started by researching the available products on the market, fires and human behaviour in emergencies. The Internet, different articles and interviews were used as an information source. The definition of product design was created based on the research to pinpoint the limitations of the design process. The background investigation revealed a market gap for a small easy to use product of good quality. It also showed that the product does not require other accessories except carbon monoxide filter and goggles with a safety colour head strap. The product was designed into a foldable, compact and easy to use package. The design was carried out using sketch models and Computer Aided Design (CAD). The prototype was made using 3D printing technology. The future of the project would require more developing and testing of the prototype and further manufacturing and commercializing of the final product.
Data Transfer in a Motorbike Test Bed
This text focuses on the design model as an agent in the design process and outlines a variety of materials, tools and techniques used to construct models. It contains photographs illustrating the techniques used to create architectural models.
Moi Helsinki : design for public use & localisation of social media
Oswald and the objects : improving the access of Finnish daycare centers to Design Museum's educational activities
Non-canonical marking of grammatical subjects
NewsMaze : prototyping a tool for critical news reading
Concept cars : and prototypes
Packaging prototypes 3 : thinking green
Role of pre-production in shortening time-to-volume of new products
Reverse engineering : an industrial perspective
X-Planes : German Luftwaffe prototypes 1930-1945
Product design and factory development
Making user-focused prototype : using design sprint to test, design and prototype mobile app rapidly
Post-Installable Automatic Adjustment Device for Air Conditioner
Service design : practical access to an evolving field
The Spitfire Story
Rythmical data, automation and an interactive television show : influence of visual music, mash-up and the loop upon the concept development of TV'oke
Concept cars : from the 1930s to the present
Tuote-1 : ultrasonic echo chamber
In to the Avanto : designing a wireless infrared heating system for cold water diving
Prototyping augmented reality
A step towards the future of wellbeing : pharmacy service design case
Developing and testing a prototype tool to track and measure Co-creation activity
Packaging prototypes
Virtual prototyping in human-machine interaction design
Models and prototypes
Music of the spheres : from prototyping to product realization
Virtual design : a framework for the development of personal electronic products
Prototype building structures : analysis and design
Prototype : design and craft in the 21st century
Prototyping tangible gribs for web contents : field study challenges in domestic context
Warplanes of the Future : The Most Exciting Combat Aircraft Being Designed Today..
Rethink about "timeless"
Design, implementation and prototyping of a JTAG boundary scan, programming, debugging and DFT interface for a system on chip
Grey field : search for an intermediate solution on the field of seating
Challenges in game development : Playtesting and prototyping as important steps in game development
It's your turn : visual perception through the looking glass
EDMD collaboration and virtual prototyping
Design process of AirLoop-pedal : experimenting with standard guitar pedals
Combo : intelligent nomadic workstation
Animated greetings card with personalisation of the message using a lip synched avatar
Prototyping and Hygiene Demand Assessment of “CoCuCo” Dispenser
Disturb me - disturb me not : designing for flexible privacy in collaborative workspace
Boundary negotiating mock-ups
Prototype handling process in subcontracting projects
Pelori : designing a digital service for maker projects through research
When bamboo meets design : reviving bamboo handicraft in modern design
Juxtaposing design representations for creativity
Renascence : new design for an old craft
Intention broadcasting : a model for computer-mediated intention sharing and coordinating
Prototyping is an essential part of the designers repertoire. Designers prototype their projects to test them, structurally, aesthetically, technically. Whether the prototype works or not is not the point: prototyping is the revelatory process through which the designer gains insight. There are three reasons why contemporary prototyping techniques are transforming the way architects design and build: 1) at a miniature scale, prototyping aids the architect in the presentation to clients of complex spatial ideas; 2) prototyping empowers the architect-designer to test and prove a buildings feasibility, leading to more open-minded construction solutions; 3) whether additive (3D printing) or subtractive (robotic milling), prototyping can lead to unexpected and exciting new possibilities within design as a whole, across design disciplines, thus blurring the boundaries between them in highly creative ways. The book has four sections: an introduction that charts the rise of prototyping in design history, more specifically in architecture; an overview of techniques; a survey section featuring 30 projects, each presented through texts drawn from first-hand interviews, on-site photographs and drawings; and a reference section, which includes a glossary of technical terms.
Plan-B - smoke mask for self-rescue from fires
From sweat lodge to sauna
Light shadow : a study of the effects of light and colour on our emotions and its application in lightning design
Wohlers Report 2016 : 3D Printing and Additive Manufacturing State of the Industry : Annual Worldwide Progess Report
Total delivery time analysis in prototyping
Prototyping and low-volume production
Packaging prototypes 2 : design fundamentals
"Upholstered" chair : an alternative to foam padding
Virtual modeling and rapid manufacturing : advanced research in virtual and rapid prototyping : proceedings of the 2nd International Conference on Advanced Research and Rapid Prototyping : Leiria, Portugal, 28 September - 1 October, 2005
Oracle database for a phrase vocabulary application
The art of making a game : analyzing and managing the creative process behind (board) game
Prototype Management Process for Nokia Series 60
Designing fabric interactions : a study of knitted fabrics as an electronic interface medium
Hearspray : designing interaction for a muvement-controlled digital musical instrument
Wireless sensor system for recycling
Virtual design : a framework for the development of personal electric products
Mobile Game Prototype for Savonia : Game Development with Unity
Fashion accessories
Effective prototyping for software makers
The impression of finishing : colors, textures and patterns
Digital design and manufacturing : CAD/CAM applications in architecture and design
How design can contribute to materials research : explorative prototyping as a method for collaboration between design and materials science
Virtual prototyping : VTT Research Programme 1998-2000, Espoo, Finland, February 1st, 2001
Car Alarm System Engineered In Arduino Environment
The production & learnings of Trials of the Wolf
Rapid prototyping : principles and applications
Creative tools
User's guide to rapid prototyping
The empathy challenge : how to become an empathic graphic designer
Rapid manufacturing : the technologies and applications of rapid prototyping and rapid tooling
Kids play : designing a touch screen game with children
English summary: Character names taking shape : Word formation, structure and meaning relationships of Finnish-language personal names in full-length, animated Disney feature films.
Engineering design and rapid prototyping
Co-Co : design for modularity
Rapid prototyping : theory and practice
Design principles for mobile soundwalk applications
Process development for prototype circulation during product development -phase
Dal : experimental user-inspired design project for children : furniture for children to motivate indoor activities
Developments in rapid casting
Art & play : designing ludic interactions within the art field
Nuclear Tycoon : designing simulation rethoric for a persuasive game
Not in production, next to production : prototypes and drawings of 57 designs never entered in the Alessi production catalogues (1921-1987) plus some hints regarding the future
Enriched evaluation : comparative user experience evaluation in product development
3D printing of medical device prototypes
This thesis is targeting to develop and engineer a burglar alarm system prototype using the software and hardware environment Arduino, which is originally manufactured by Smart Projects. The system under development provides a versatile theft inhibition hardware configuration for the holder of the system. It also provides vehicle localization enabling features in case of theft. In the final project, the aim is not to reach commercial benefit. The aim is to get familiar with software libraries and information offered by Arduino environment, GPS utilizing standard NMEA0183 and SIM900 with AT commands. This project examines burglar alarm system engineering from a commercially neutral point of view. Most of the sources have been published by companies, but without these essential resources it would be extremely complicated to engineer the software. In process of this final project, the functional requirements and hardware are defined. Then the embedded software is implemented. Finally, the achievements are explored and the final outcome is discussed. With the available resources for the project, it was feasible to create a project plan. The project plan describes how the burglar alarm system should work. A partial software was engineered and it was ready to use few AT commands. Also, the hardware design was put together. The GSM/GPRS Quadband module was assembled into the Arduino Mega 2560, and an anti-theft immobilizer relay was soldered into a circuit board. The PIR-sensor was acquired and connected to the Arduino Mega 2560.
The thrilling adventures of Lovelace and Babbage : with interesting & curious anecdotes of celebrated and distinguished characters : fully illustrating a variety of instructive and amusing scenes; as performed within and without the remarkable difference engine : embellished with portraits and scientifick diagrams
Tools and methods for technology - aided prototyping of user experience : SINCO environment as a pilot
Rapid prototyping : principles and applications in manufacturing
Holoptimus Prime : harnessing metaverse in education
Analysis of prototype delivery time and accuracy
PlanetHero : collaborative system for public good initiatives : exploration of design opportunities and challenges in collaboration of public good sector in Cape Town, SA
Reframing the value of virtual prototyping : intermediary virtual prototyping : the evolving approach of virtual environments based virtual prototyping in the context of new product development and low volume production
Folding chair
Nokia Solutions and Networks (NSN) requires new tools for collaborating electronic and mechanic design phases in its product development. In the first part of this thesis will be introduced Electrical Data Mechanical Data (EDMD) application; the software will be tested within a project to resolve tool’s possibilities and challenges from NSN’s point of view. Results of the study will be used for deciding further usage of the tool. Secondly the thesis will study virtual prototyping as a new working method and also related simulation tools. Tested EDMD tool is one module of the simulation environment. Virtual prototyping will be tested within real product development process and experiences of team members will be utilized to improve NSN’s practices. EDMD tool’s suitability for NSN’s development was tested during short but intensive testing period. Tests were carried out by five experts according to pre-decided testing plan. Virtual prototyping was trialed in project of which team members were instructed to use the new way of working. Simulation tools were tested in same project and collected testing data was analyzed with experts. Testing of EDMD tool succeeded despite of the tide schedule. Tool support was excellent and majority of problems was solved swiftly enabling performance of all planned testing tasks. EDMD tool clearly has potentiality as in addition of visual aid it improves communication between separate design modules. Also new practice of using virtual prototyping received positive feedback from the project team. As a result of the study a conclusive report was presented to NSN for further actions.
Spatial design interventions : co-design approaches in spatial design practices
FPGA prototyping by VHDL examples : Xilinx Spartan-3 version
Arduino and Lego projects
Noticed : designing a university-student communication service
People's utility bicycle project
Phone selector box update = Puhelinvalintalaitteen päivitys
Payment system for Peda Oy personal image design
Aireview's German military aircraft in The Second World War
No secret science : user-centered design in the process of developing a sensor set for brain wave monitoring on critically ill patients
Standing out
Designing with models : a studio guide to architectural process models
The Audiotarium : a concept for a public domain sound object repository
Development of a combined propeller control hydraulic system
Beyond the Horizon : Combat Aircraft of the Next Century
McDonnell Douglas F/A-18 Hornet. 25
Models : architecture and the miniature
Structural packaking : workbook
Remixing experience : research into remixing experiences through design
Prototyping for architects
A laboratory concept for service prototyping : Service Innovation Corner (SINCO)
Playing with the highway experience : pervasive games on the road
Parle-moi : explorations of a recording cushion
Semantically supported media services with user participation : report on the RISE-project
Interaction design in the post-PC era : Using tablet devices
