http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13117 government policy
government policy
Head of state : a political entertainment
The heat is on : the climate crisis, the cover-up, the prescription
Democracy, law and governance
Programme of Prime Minister Matti Vanhanen's second cabinet
Water for life : water management and environmental policy
Finest & darkest hours : decisive events in British politics from Churchill to Blair
Programme management within the Finnish Government
Business economics
Gender, household and state in post-revolutionary Vietnam
Development tourism : lessons from Cuba
Keeping the republic : saving America by trusting Americans
Fighting poverty together : rethinking strategies for business, governments, and civil society to reduce poverty
Strangers in our midst : the political philosophy of immigration
To keep the Republic : governing the United States in its third century
The Iraq papers
"Global poverty continues to be a major problem, one that has received much attention and resources for the last 60 years. The developed countries, international institutions such as the World Bank and United Nations, various aid agencies, and civil society have contributed trillions of dollars fighting poverty yet there are more "poor" today than there were a decade ago. In this hard-hitting polemical Karnani demonstrates what is wrong with today's approaches to reducing poverty. He proposes an eclectic approach to poverty reduction that emphasizes the need for business, government and civil society to partner together to create employment opportunities for the poor, arguing that the only way they will ever be truly lifted out of poverty is to create jobs that provide financial support for entire local communities in developing nations."--
National systems of innovation : toward a theory of innovation and interactive learning
Is this the top of the slippery slope? : the British view of the participation of Communists in the Finnish government 1956-1968
The quest to understand human affairs : Volume 2, Essays on collective, constitutional and epistemic choice
The Indonesia reader : history, culture, politics
Parliaments and government formation' explores the role of national legislatures in shaping government formation in parliamentary regimes. Under parliamentarism, the government comes from, and remains responsible to, the national parliament. Yet, although legislatures and the politics of government formation are two of the most studied phenomenon in comparative politics, relatively little attention has focused on the degree to which parliamentary rules and procedures impact government formation. For instance, exactly what does 'come from parliament' mean in the context of government formation? To answer this question, the volume seeks to 'unpack' the parliamentary investiture vote. Investiture consists of a vote in parliament to demonstrate that an already formed or about to be formed government has legislative support.0The volume analyses investiture along six dimensions: (1) the number of chambers involved in government formation, (2) the exact topic of any investiture vote - for example whether the votes focuses on one or more of the prime ministership, the cabinet and/or the government's policy program, (3) the sequencing and timing of the vote in the overall game of government formation, (4) the decision rule - for example absolute majority, simple or some form of negative parliamentarism, (5) the number of rounds provided for, and (6) what happens in the event of a failure to invest a government. Each of the 16 case studies, written by leading scholars of legislative politics in their respective polities, seeks to describe the institutional rules and practices and analyse their origins and consequences. These case studies are supplemented with two comparative chapters
Deng Xiaoping shakes the world : an eyewitness account of China's Party Work Conference and the Third Plenum (November-December 1978)
This highly unique book takes a fundamental look at when and how a government can fail at its core responsibility of formulating rules. Government, representing society, relates to the economy by formulating the rules within which (market) players should operate. Although market and business failure are much discussed in the economics literature, government failure is often overlooked. This book addresses this gap, exploring in detail what constitutes government failure. Wilfred Dolfsma illustrates that it is not adequate to discuss government failure simply with reference to its level of expenditure, as is usually the case. Defining government failure and analysing it in the domains of health care, innovation and technology, he explores topics such as how market and society relate, consequences of conflicts between government policies, how government should (not) intervene, the vulnerability of institutions and rules (set out by government), and suggests a welfare perspective for evaluative purposes. This stimulating and thought provoking book will prove a fascinating read for academics, researchers and advanced students in economics - particularly public choice and institutional economics - public administration, policy studies, and law and economics.
Stalin and Togliatti : Italy and the origins of the Cold War
Monetary and fiscal policy. Volume 1, Credibility
Worst-case scenarios
Parliaments and government formation : unpacking investiture rules
Politics and legitimacy in Post-Soviet Eurasia
War without end : the story of Michel T. Halbouty's struggle for American energy security Jack Donahue
A more equal society? : New Labour, poverty, inequality and exclusion
Big dragon : the future of China : what it means for business, the economy, and the global order
The International Monetary Fund : politics of conditional lending
Science as a contact sport : inside the battle to save Earth's climate
Black horse ride : the inside story of Lloyds and the banking crisis
Syria : a recent history
"One country, two systems" in crisis : Hong Kong's transformation since the handover
Labels and jurisdictions: an empirical critique of standard models of portfolio allocation in political science
In quest of sustainable development
The decline of constitutional democracy in Indonesia
The Madisonian turn : political parties and parliamentary democracy in Nordic Europe
Korean small businesses : development, current situation and priorities for the future
Technology, culture, and public policy : critical lessons from Finland
Mastering British politics
With its empirical focus on the South, this book takes its point of departure in the movement for liberalisation and democratisation that characterised the 1980s and 1990s.
Political legitimacy has become a scarce resource in Russia and other post-Soviet states in Eurasia. Their capacity to deliver prosperity has suffered from economic crisis, the conflict in Ukraine and the ensuing confrontation with the West. Will nationalism and repression enable political regimes to survive? This book investigates the politics of legitimation in post-Soviet countries, focusing on how political and intellectual elites exploit different modes of legitimation. Combining cross-national comparisons and country case studies, it addresses state-economy relations, pro-presidential parties, courts, ideas of nationhood, historical and literary narratives. Weak economic performance, evidence of electoral fraud, unresponsive governments and the waning authority of presidents continue to jeopardize institutional legitimacy. Whilst incumbent elites have been able to shift between legitimation modes, this collection argues that shifts towards nationalism, artificial charisma and traditionalism will not be sufficient in the long term to keep elites in power.
Climate cover-up : the crusade to deny global warming
Contesting integration, engendering migration : theory and practice
The central government of Russia : from Gorbachev to Putin
"This book critically assesses the policy and legislative framework for the reconciliation of work and family life at EU level, and proposes a new way of looking at this complex set of issues based in what the realities are for working families"--Provided by publisher.
Throughout Canada, provincial, federal, and municipal archives exist to house the records we produce. Some conceive of these institutions as old and staid, suggesting that archives are somehow trapped in the past. But archives are more than resources for professional scholars and interested individuals. With an increasing emphasis on transparency in government and public institutions, archives have become essential tools for accountability. Better Off Forgetting? offers a reappraisal of archives and a look at the challenges they face in a time when issues of freedom of information, privacy, technology, and digitization are increasingly important. The contributors argue that archives are essential to contemporary debates about public policy and make a case for more status, funding, and influence within public bureaucracies. While stimulating debate about our rapidly changing information environment, Better Off Forgetting? focuses on the continuing role of archives in gathering and preserving our collective memory.
Climate change and sustainable development : prospects for developing countries
Following on from the successful first edition of Waste Treatment & Disposal, this second edition has been completely updated, and provides comprehensive coverage of waste process engineering and disposal methodologies. Concentrating on the range of technologies available for household and commercial waste, it also presents readers with relevant legislative background material as boxed features. NEW to this edition: Increased coverage of re-use and recycling Updating of the usage of different waste treatment technologies Increased coverage of new and emerging technologies for waste treatment and disposal A broader global perspective with a focus on comparative international material on waste treatment uptake and waste management policies.
"This book offers a radical reinterpretation of postwar Japan's policies towards immigrants and foreign residents. Drawing on a wealth of historical material, Tessa Morris-Suzuki shows how the Cold War played a decisive role in shaping Japan's migration controls. She explores the little-known world of the thousands of Korean 'boat people' who entered Japan in the immediate postwar period, focuses attention on the US military service people and their families and employees, and also takes readers behind the walls of Japan's notorious Ōmura migrant detention centre, and into the lives of Koreans who opted to leave Japan in search of a better future in communist North Korea. This book offers a fascinating contrast to traditional images of postwar Japan and sheds new light on the origins and the dilemmas of migration policy in twenty-first century Japan"--Provided by publisher.
Green infrastructure for sustainable urban development in Africa
British politics : a beginner's guide
Schneider's firsthand account of a scientific and political odyssey, in which he navigates both the turbulent waters of the world's power structures and the arcane theater of academic debaters.
Political reform in Indonesia after Soeharto
Aboriginal rights and self-government : the Canadian and Mexican experience in North American perspective
Parliaments and coalitions : the role of legislative institutions in multiparty governance
Access controlled : the shaping of power, rights, and rule in cyberspace
The future of foreign investment in Southeast Asia
Transforming city governments for successful smart cities
How China's leaders think : the inside story of China's reform and what this means for the future
Mothering the Union : gender politics in the EU
"How should we, citizens of rich countries, respond to the claims of the many millions of people world-wide who want to immigrate and settle in our societies? Their reasons are often compelling - they are fleeing mass poverty or political persecution - but the impact that fully open borders would have on the life of the societies that the immigrants would join is also immense. This books defends democratic states' rights to control their borders, and powerfully criticizes the arguments offered in support of international freedom of movement - common ownership of the earth, global equality of opportunity, and the human right to immigrate. It explains why states have rights over territory that permit them to exclude outsiders, and why democracies are entitled to decide who they will accept as future citizens. But it also sets out the parameters of a just immigration policy."--Provided by publisher.
A history of small business in America
Zhongguo fupin kaifa zhengce yanbian (1949-2005 nian) = The evolution of poverty reduction policies in China
Tourism public policy and the strategic management of failure
Government failure : society, markets and rules
The Oxford handbook of governance
The book provides an evaluation of some of the problems with current processes and policies on integration in Europe, both in relation to broader aims of democratization and in relation to the ways in which gendered assumptions and practices are embedded in the policies and outcomes of European migration regimes. The book analyses integration as a contested concept, providing a cross-disciplinary theoretical, empirical and policy-oriented analysis of the integration-migration nexus. Integration is analysed sociologically, politically and legally as a concept that reinforces boundaries of ethnicity and problematizes difference and diversity. Particular foci of the book include theoretical and empirical aspects of migrant incorporation in Europe; citizenship, belonging and migration; gendered structures, experiences and policies; and the strategies of migrants in coping with nationally embedded protectionism. The book also explores notions of solidarity, cosmopolitanism and interculturalism, which can inform a more coherent and sustainable approach to social incorporation and inclusion within modern societies.
Balancing the books : financial problems of local government in West Europe
Rethinking popular representation
The governance of water and sanitation in Africa : achieving sustainable development through partnerships
Engaging extremists : trade-offs, timing, and diplomacy
Compendium of practice on non-discrimination/equality mainstreaming
Nudge and the law : a European perspective
Government and politics in Western Europe : Britain, France, Italy, Germany
American government and politics today : the essentials
Command and control
American Government : structure, problems, and politics
Britannia's embrace : modern humanitarianism and the imperial origins of refugee relief
Exodus : immigration and multiculturalism in the 21st century
South of the River
Retrieving the big society
Rhetoric and public speech in English republicanism 1642-1681
Handbook of public policy
Civil society in Japan : the growing role of NGOs in Tokyo's aid and development policy
Climate change and carbon markets : a handbook of emission reduction mechanisms
The risk of brexit : Britain and Europe in 2015
Media system and news selections in Namibia
Environmental policies for agricultural pollution control
Ministers as strategic political leaders? : strategic political steering after NPM reforms in Finland
Handbook of market creation for biodiversity : issues in implementation
Economics for business
Dynasty : the hereditary succession politics of North Korea
Borderline Japan : frontier controls, foreigners and the nation in the postwar era
Income from work after retirement in the EU
Summary.
Between 1998 and 2004, eleven out of the fifteen parliaments of the European Union (EU) countries debated whether to regulate prostitution at the national level, something that had, until then, been regulated by cities. Fears about globalization and the transfer of sovereignty to the EU created a context in which nations asserted themselves by imposing national standards to protect vulnerable women, strengthening states in the face of "global" pressures. Prostitution reforms allowed governments to apprehend women who are "loose" in the sense that they lack formal or clear connections to state benefits, national labor markets, or international human rights protections. Case studies of the first four EU countries that reformed prostitution, The Netherlands, Sweden, Germany, and Finland, are told through ninety in-depth interviews with people who helped craft, implement, or enforce new prostitution policies. Departing from previous accounts that stress the differences within these debates, The Cultural Politics of European Prostitution Reform instead analyzes their commonalities, foregrounding the increasing moral power of the state in a globalizing world and the endurance of national cultural difference.
Tourism and poverty
There has been much attention paid to the idea of Smart Cities as researchers have sought to define and characterize the main aspects of the concept, including the role of creative industries in urban growth, the importance of social capital in urban development, and the role of urban sustainability. This book develops a critical view of the Smart City concept, the incentives and role of governments in promoting the development of Smart Cities and the analysis of experiences of e-government projects addressed to enhance Smart Cities. This book further analyzes the perceptions of stakeholders, such as public managers or politicians, regarding the incentives and role of governments in Smart Cities and the critical analysis of e-government projects to promote Smart Cities' development, making the book valuable to academics, researchers, policy-makers, public managers, international organizations and technical experts in understanding the role of government to enhance Smart Cities' projects.
Dealing with China
Compensation
Women, the state, and development
This is a critical time for the relationship between Britain and Europe, as politicians debate the crisis facing the European Union and Britain's role within it. This second edition consists largely of new material that charts how recent political developments have changed the debate surrounding Britain's membership of the EU. Following the 2015 general election and with the promise of an imminent referendum on Brexit, the book now considers: How has the renegotiation agenda shifted? How are EU partners responding to threats of departure from Britain? What was the impact of the 2015 general election? What are the politics of a referendum on membership in 2017? How can a pro-European case be made? By seeking answers to these questions, Roger Liddle assesses the impact of a series of miscalculated gambles by David Cameron and his forebears that leaves Britain teetering on the edge of an exit from the European Union.
Scope and content: "On the eve of the American Revolution, the refugee was, according to British tradition, a Protestant who sought shelter from continental persecution. By the turn of the twentieth century, however, British refuge would be celebrated internationally as being open to all persecuted foreigners. Britain had become a haven for fugitives as diverse as Karl Marx and Louis Napoleon, Simón Bolívar and Frederick Douglass. How and why did the refugee category expand? How, in a period when no law forbade foreigners entry to Britain, did the refugee emerge as a category for humanitarian and political action? Why did the plight of these particular foreigners become such a characteristically British concern? Current understandings about the origins of refuge have focused on the period after 1914. Britannia's Embrace offers the first historical analysis of the origins of this modern humanitarian norm in the long nineteenth century. At a time when Britons were reshaping their own political culture, this charitable endeavor became constitutive of what it meant to be liberal on the global stage. Like British anti-slavery, its sister movement, campaigning on behalf of foreign refugees seemed to give purpose to the growing empire and the resources of empire gave it greater strength. By the dawn of the twentieth century, British efforts on behalf of persecuted foreigners declined precipitously, but its legacies in law and in modern humanitarian politics would be long-lasting. In telling this story, Britannia's Embrace puts refugee relief front and center in histories of human rights and international law and of studies of Britain in the world. In so doing, it describes the dynamic relationship between law, resources, and moral storytelling that remains critical to humanitarianism today"--.
Internet governance in transition : who is the master of this domain?
Stupid white men : ... and other sorry excuses for the state of the nation!
Governing cultures : anthropological perspectives on political labor, power, and government
Analysing policy : what's the problem represented to be?
Towards leadership democracy : the changing balance of power in three Finnish political parties 1983-2012
Governance and politics of the Netherlands
Natural resources : ecology, economics, and policy
Chinese foreign relations : power and policy since the Cold War
Multiparty government : the politics of coalition in Europe
Principles of water resources : history, development, management, and policy
Reconciling work and family life in EU law and policy
Beyond liberal democracy : political thinking for an East Asian context
Legitimacy and politics : a contribution to the study of political right and political responsibility
The Agenda : inside the Clinton White House
Better off forgetting? : essays on archives, public policy, and collective memory
Waste treatment and disposal
The conceptual politics of democracy promotion
Taxation and gender equity : a comparative analysis of direct and indirect taxes in developing and developed countries
Transparency in politics and the media : accountability and open government
On nuclear terrorism
Coalition : the inside story of the conservative-liberal democrat coalition government
Interest groups and government policy : a political economy analysis
British foreign and imperial policy, 1865-1919
Parties, majorities, incumbencies : four essays in political economics
The rise and fall of Japan's LDP : political party organizations as historical institutions
The inclusive society? : social exclusion and New Labour
Mr. Putin : operative in the Kremlin
Cabinet government in Ireland
The real North Korea : life and politics in the failed Stalinist utopia
Social Exclusion of Young People in Finland
The Chinese women's movement between state and market
The politics of compromise : a study of parties and Cabinet Government in Sweden
Vincent Ostrom is one of the most original and powerful minds of our time. His quest to understand human affairs spans an unusually wide range of theoretical and practical concerns and draws creatively on a long tradition of classical thinkers. His unpublished papers in this volume, ably put together and edited by Barbara Allen, were written over the course of four decades but have lost none of their immediacy and authority. They strongly convey the commitment, tenacity, and versatility of Ostrom in grappling with fundamental issues in the study of natural resources policy; community and collective, constitutional choice; and, more generally, in the practice of research. The volume also conveys Allen's own contribution in making Ostrom's experiences and reflections available to those who wish to better understand the critical questions of our time. The result is a significant and lasting contribution to social and human sciences."--Filippo Sabetti, McGill University. "Well-intentioned policies can destroy the very resource they are designed to protect when they are inappropriate in scale or context. Like Madison and Tocqueville before him. Vincent Ostrom's writings emerge from a dialogue between practice and reflection, resulting in a bottom-up, polycentric approach to institutional design that avoids the failures of top-down hierarchical models. Each essay is absorbing; through this collection. with thoughtful editorial introductions, Vincent Ostrom's teachings illuminate and inspire."--Jenna Bednar, University of Michigan. "This collection of original and previously unpublished papers is of both historical and contemporary value. Vincent Ostrom has long become one of the pioneers, founders, and leading scholars in institutional analysis, governance theory, public administration, and human natural resource management. The book is an ode to original and independent scholarship. It provides documentation of a branchof contemporary, interdisciplinary science in the making. The perspective and inspirational value provided by the set of policy briefs and scholarly papers is supported by the annotation and strong organization of the book by Barbara Allen as a knowledgeable, able, and keenly devoted editor."--Theo Toonen, Delft University of Technology. This volume presents fifty previously unpublished essays by Vincent Ostrom on the U.S. government's environmental problems and resource governance. Political theorist Barbara Allen has edited the work and Supplied extensive notes that provide context and identify key events and persons cited in the works. These remarkable essays offer specialists insight into developments in the fields of institutional analysis, resource governance, policy, and administration, and speak to the worldwide transformations in democracies and human and environmental relations.
Decentralisation in the agricultural sector in Malawi : policies, processes and community linkages
The quest to understand human affairs : Volume 1, Natural resources policy and essays on community and collective choice
To be an Arab in Israel
The protection of national minorities by their kin-state = La protection des minorités nationales par leur Etat-parent
The cultural politics of European prostitution reform : governing loose women
Unlearning the Soviet tongue : discursive practices of a democratizing polity
Development of small-scale industries during the new order government in Indonesia
Brazil in the anthropocene : conflicts between predatory development and environmental policies
