http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13104 documentary programmes
documentary programmes
Colour of war : 1933-1945
Laopsang's world
Blurred boundaries : questions of meaning in contemporary culture
Kaikki maalit : Fifa world cup Germany 2006
The lord of the rings : The fellowship of the ring : beyond the movie
Jazzdance by Danny Buraczeski : end of an era
The truth about sauna, the truth about Finns : Totuus saunasta, totuus suomalaisista = Sanningen on sauna, sanningen om finländarna = Sauna, die Finnen mögen's heiß = Sauna, les Finlandais l'aiment chaud
Great natural wonders of the world : maailman luonnonihmeet
Colour of war : the British story
The world's greatest F1 cars
Maapallon tila : Uhkakuvia - Miksi olemme tuhon tiellä? - Tulevaisuus. Produced by Rupert Barrington (prog 1&2) and Kate Broome (prog 1)
How to catch the unpredictable? : making a wildlife dokumentary
Documentary for the small screen
The challenge of change : A biographical film of J. Krishnamurti
China into the new millenium
Theorizing documentary
The war
Wild by nature. Life in high places
New challenges for documentary
The Finnish Arctic : a nature video on CD ROM
The television genre book
Chinese tea culture : history and culture through tea : land for tea cultivation and the art of tea
Wolves
Madventures : the ultimate travel show!. Disc 1/3, Nepal ; India ; Cambodia ; Thailand
Empowerment of children and young with help of nature
Taiga nomads : a documentary series about the Evenki of Siberia
The world's greatest rallycars
The land has eyes : the land has teeth and knows the truth
The gateway to the west = Lännen portti
Adventures in the lives of others : ethical dilemmas in factual filmmaking
The real aviator : The Howard Hughes story
Made to entertain : how to make a wildlife documentary - an ethical approach
The living Buddha in the Saint Mountain
Walking with cavemen : Savage family : The survivors
Directing and producing for television : a format approach
The art of the documentary : ten conversations with leading directors, cinematographers, editors, and producers
An American family
Big animals in the wild
Why docudrama? : fact-fiction on film and TV
Directing the documentary
Introduction to documentary production : a guide for media students
Rahkosenpuron kunnostus Lanneveden koululla : Restoring Rahkonen brook at the Lannevesi school = Restaurering av Rahkosenpuro-bäcken vid Lannevesi skola
Video journalism for the web : a practical introduction to documentary storytelling
Flow mo : lifetime of soul : five years together
"Genre is central to understanding the industrial context and visual form of television. This new edition of the key textbook on television genre brings together leading international scholars to provide an accessible and comprehensive introduction to the debates, issues and concerns of the field. Structured in eleven sections, The television genre book introduces the concept of 'genre' itself and how it has been understood in television studies, and then addresses the main televisual genres in turn: drama, soap opera, comedy, news, documentary, reality television, children's television, animation and popular entertainment." -- Back cover.
Colour of war : the Japanese story
The objective of this study was to gather information about features of quality documentaries for the needs of social media and social media video sharing services. The thesis investigated how the production process influenced the quality of a documentary film for those services. The main research question for the thesis was: How does one produce a good documentary for social media video sharing service? The research methodologies used in the study were data collection and analysis, as well as process analysis of media production processes. The results of the study suggest that the production of quality documentaries for social media video sharing services does not differ from creating one for any other distribution platform. The findings based on the study indicate that the quality of the documentary films for social media video sharing services is connected to how well the production process of the documentary film was conducted. Further research is required how the traditional distribution channels and social media video sharing services will divide the revenues on the distribution.
Emperor`s meeting in Antarctic
History of football : the beautiful game
Stories from the front lines of war
Madventures : the ultimate travel show!. Disc 2/3, Indonesia ; Tonga ; Peru ; Ecuador
The Chiefs
Madventures II : seikkailu jatkuu. Disc 3/III, Africa ; Africa II ; Indochina ; Indochina II ; Loaded
Change your thoughts change your life : living the wisdom of the Tao
Big Cats In the Wild
The Hermitage : tour of the museum
Rain flower pebble
Jehovah's Witnesses - organized to share the good news : our whole association of brothers = Jehovan todistajat - järjestetyt viemään hyvää uutista : koko veljesseuramme
Writing for visual media
Ravi Shankar in portrait
Lost songs : the Basement Tapes continues
An introduction to television documentary : confronting reality
Beauty and the beast : pandinus imperator
Brown bears : wildlife paradise
My beloved child
The photographers
Contemporary documentary
Engaging with reality : documentary & globalization
The Finnish arctic
Change your thoughts, change your life : living the wisdom of the Tao : commentaries on the Tao te Ching by Lao tzu
The Greenroom. No. 1, Reconsidering the documentary and contemporary art
Steel Pulse : door of no return
Wild by nature. Due south
Walking with cavemen : First ancestors : Blood brothers
Documentary films in social media video sharing services
Expedition tiger
Life on Air : memoirs of a Broadcaster
Taru sormusten herrasta : sormuksen ritarit : special extended DVD edition
Colour of war : victory in Europe
The new television handbook
Return to taiga : a documentary film about life's necessities and dying
History's secrets. Volume 1
The code : story of Linux
Solo documentary production : a creative interpretation of actuality
