http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13123 machine design
machine design
Pro/MECHANICA motion : mechanism design and analysis : Wildfire
Condition monitoring of slowly rotating grease lubricated rolling bearings
This thesis was done for HAMK University of Applied Sciences. The purpose of this work was to design a supporting table for Faro Platinum Arm. Due to the requests, and based on the completed table in laboratory, certain improvement functions are included in new design. The aim of the work was to find appropriate approaches to increase the usability of the supporting table. The work included basically three parts: background, theory and design. Background includes introduction on design process and laser scanner. Theory part focuses on screws which is the main idea of the design. Other theories include different ideas of structures design which were brought to the work. Design part was corresponding to the operation requirements of the equipment. Draft drawing by hands illustrated the ideas. Stress analysis was done according to selected manufacturing material information. Internet and books are the major sources. As a result, a qualified design achieves the task requirements. Screw used as elevating methods, folded table and concave shape top plate increase the usability of the table. The size of the screw which is verified by stress analysis is defined, and further study can be made on modelling and manufacturing method.
Machine design laboratory 1990-1996
The design of rolling bearing mountings : design examples covering machines, vehicles and equipment
Standard handbook of machine design
Distributed motion control with independently operating actuators : development and analysis of systems architecture and communications environment
Parametric modeling with Pro/ENGINEER Wildfire
McGraw-Hill machining and metalworking handbook
Supporting table design for FaroArm platinum 3D scanner
Schaumś outline of theory and problems of machine design : SI (metric) edition
Geometric dimensioning and tolerancing for mechanical design
Laboratory of Machine Design : research papers 1989
Kinematics, dynamics and the design of machinery
Comparison of some condition monitoring methods of rolling bearings
Theory of machines and mechanisms
CATIA for design and engineering : release 5 version 13
Content-based design engineering thinking : in the search for approach
Handbook of electromechanical product design
Trolley R&D project for a small portal log yard crane
Fundamentals of machine elements
Modular design for machine tools
Koneiden turvallisuus = Safety of machinery. Osa 4, Koskettamatta tunnistavat turvalaitteet = Electro-sensitive protective equipment
Machine design : an integrated approach
Piezoelectric actuators : control applications of smart materials
The designer's handwriting is different from the engineer's
Machine design data handbook
The mechanical design process
Jigs and Fixtures : design manual
Koneturvallisuus 2 : turvallisuuteen liittyvät ohjausjärjestelmien osat = safety of machinery: safety-related parts of control systems. 2, kelpuutus = validation
Construction and Drive System Design for a Model of a Lifter Vehicle
Shigley's mechanical engineering design
Rotary lip seals and mechanical face seals : a literature review
Creative engineering design
OST -03 Symposium on Machine Design ; edited by Jouko Karhunen
Koneiden turvallisuus. Osa 16, Melunmittauksen perusstandardit = Safety of machinery. Part 16, Noise measurement basic standards
Koneiden turvallisuus. Osa 11, Kulkutiet = Safety of machinery. Part 11, Means of access
Handbook of machinery dynamics : edited by Lynn L. Faulkner. Earl Logan, Jr
Computational kinematics : proceedings of the 6th International Workshop on Computational Kinematics (CK2013)
Getting started with Pro/Engineer
The finite element method in machine design
Koneiden turvallisuus. Osa 3, Suojukset, turvalaitteet, hätäpysäytys, odottamattoman käynnistymisen esto = Safety of machinery. Part 3, Guards, protective devices, emergency stop, prevention of unexpected start-up
Environmentally conscious mechanical design
The machine design problem solver
Solutions manual to accompany Fundamentals of mechanical component design
Mechanism design. Volume 1, Mechanism design : analysis and synthesis
New crankshaft bearing test rig
Condition monitoring of grease lubricated rolling bearings : measurement equipment
The Systematic Approach to Machine Design
Mechanical engineering design
Multicriteria design optimization : procedures and applications
Product design of belt guard covers for flotation cells
Monitoring of contaminants in a grease lubricated rolling bearing by acoustic emission method : an industrial case study
Design of machine elements
Kinematics, dynamics and design of machinery
Koneiden turvallisuus = Safety of machinery. Osa 4 = Part 4, Ergonomiset periaatteet, mitoituksen suunnittelu, henkinen työkuormitus = Ergonomic principles, antropometric dimensioning, mental workload
Pro/ENGINEERING Wildfire : advanced tutorial
Pro/ENGINEER tutorial and multimedia CD : release 2001 a click by click primer
Machine design : a CAD approach
Introduction to CATIA V5 : release 12 : (a hands-on tutorial approach)
Creative design of mechanical devices
Murphy's law and other reasons why things go wrong!
Mechanical design handbook
Machine design laboratory 1993-1997
Mechanisms & mechanical devices sourcebook
Manufacturing and characteristics of sandwich panels for transport applications
Mechanisms and mechanical devices sourcebook
Sfs-käsikirja. 93-2, Koneiden turvallisuus : Safety of machinery. Osa 2: Riskin arviointi ; Risk assessment
Tribology in machine design
Koneistettavan kappaleen suunnittelu = Design for machinability : Komiteatutkimus
Precision machine design
Proceedings
Machine design for mechanical engineering
Sfs-käsikirja. 93-8, Koneiden turvallisuus : Safety of machinery. Osa 8: Ohjaimet, merkinantolaitteet, merkinantosignaalit, turvamerkinnät ; Manual controls, displays, signals, safety signs
Proceedings of the Scandinavian Symposium on Machine Design, 22.-24. April 1993, Åre, Sweden
Root cause study of crude oil cavitation in fuel return pipes
Design and material selection of high-speed rotating electrical machines
Jig and fixture design
Richard Trevithick : the engineer and the man
Machine elements in mechanical design
Salient pole synchronous machine modelling in an industrial direct torque controlled drive application
Automated mobile concert trailer stage for Urjalan Levytyö Oy
Compliant mechanisms
Modern kinematics : developments in the last forty years
Koneturvallisuus : koneensuunnittelua koskevat hygieniavaatimukset = Safety of machinery: hygiene requirements for the design of machinery
Fundamentals of mechanical component design
Design for manufacturing with Pro/MANUFACTURING : release 2001
Indirect multisignal monitoring and diagnosis of drill wear
On the optimization of hydraulic cylinder seals
