http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13172 capital formation
capital formation
Project financing : asset-based financial engineering
Hospitality management accounting
For corporate finance or financial management courses at the undergraduate level. Fundamentals of Corporate Finance's applied perspective cements students' understanding of the modern-day core principles, giving them a problem-solving methodology and profiling real-life financial management practices-all within a clear valuation framework. MyFinanceLab for Fundamentals of Corporate Finance creates learning experiences that are truly personalized and continuously adaptive. MyFinanceLab reacts to how students are actually performing, offering data-driven guidance that helps them better absorb course material and understand difficult concepts-resulting in better performance in the course. A dynamic set of tools for gauging individual and class progress means educators can spend less time grading and more time teaching. This program will provide a better teaching and learning experience-for you and your students. Here's how: *Improve Results with MyFinanceLab: MyFinanceLab delivers proven results in helping students succeed and provides engaging experiences that personalize learning. *Help Students Review and Apply Concepts: Examples and exercises help students practice and connect to real-world decisions being made today in today's firms and policy debates. *Keep Your Course Current and Relevant: New examples, exercises, and statistics appear throughout the text.
Fundamentals of corporate finance
"The completion of a successful venture capital transaction requires the deal to progress through a multi-stage process. Guiding this progression is no easy task for venture capitalists, as they face a number of challenges related to their external and internal environments. In the external environment, venture capitalists must interact with the entrepreneurs and assume a myriad of roles - coach, educator, partner, negotiator, etc. In the internal environment, venture capitalists must ensure that deals pass the scrutiny of colleagues in the fund and go through three communication channels. The book provides one of the most comprehensive overviews of the inner mechanics of processing venture capital deals from the fund manager's perspective. The venture capital process is captured in an 8-stage investment model"--Provided by publisher.
Prices in financial markets
Principles of development economics
Fundamentals of corporate finance : global edition
Purchasing real estete property in Sofia
Wage formation and gender wage gaps : the changing role of human capital in the Finnish technology industry
Macroeconomic fluctuations and firm dynamics : technology, production and capital formation
Unobserved human capital and firm-size premium
Equity offerings' initial and aftermarket price performance in finnish eqity market : empirical evidence from finnish IPOs and SEOs from 1997-2002
Dynamics of the capital base and funding structure of banks around the global financial crisis : evidence from the US and European banks
Foreign investment in the energy sector : balancing private and public interests
Fundamentals of corporate finance : International Financial Reporting Standards edition
The venture capital investment process
Do oil price changes predict stock returns? : evidence from 48 countries
Employee investment funds : an approach to collective capital formation
From creative destruction to human capital growth : wage dispersion effects in Finland
Summary.
Dynamic asset pricing theory
Changes in the composition of the S&P 500 stock price index and their effects on stock prices
Men, women, and money : perspectives on gender, wealth, and investment, 1850-1930
Investment climate in Vietnam : transition from a planned economy to market economy
Intangible capital and wages : an analysis of wage gaps across occupations and genders in Czech Republic, Finland and Norway
Human capital and wage formation
The jet-to-let bible
Essays on the economics of hedge funds
China, Inc. : how the rise of the next superpower challenges America and the world
Management accounting for the hospitality, tourism and retail Sectors
