http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13158 professional development
professional development
Professional development of coaches in Croatian ice hockey association
The entrepreneurial linguist : the business-school approach to freelance translation
The motivational effect of a career path model in a specialist organi-sation : Case Capgemini
Supervision in public health nursing
A guide to staff & educational development
Reflective practice and professional development
Exploring Teachers' Motivation for Teaching and Professional Development in Ethiopia : Voices from the Field
Being a teacher in England : teacher development in the biographies of three English primary school teachers
Develop your leadership skills
Career anchors : discovering your real values
Pedagogical leadership to support new teachers' growth
Development of nursing students during international exchange
Teacher as researcher : pictures and perspectives of teacher professionalism
Summary in Estonian.
Ethical dilemmas in healthcare : a practical approach through medical humanities
The careerist : over 100 ways to get ahead at work
The usefulness of foresight data for future planning
The best mentoring experience : a framework for professional development
Widening perspectives of teacher education : studies on theory-practice relationship, reflection, research and professional development
Vocational development : a framework for research
Doing work you love : discovering your purpose and realizing your dreams
"First year teacher" eight years later : an inquiry into teacher development
Contemporary identities of creativity and creative work
Leading professional practice in education
The influence of researcher : teacher collaboration on the experiences of four-five years old children in Finnish day-care centres
School-teacher : a sociological study
The effects of R&D cooperation and labour mobility on innovation
Career anchors : trainer's manual
Teacher development
Mentoring has emerged as an essential and effective process for developing teacher practice. The holistic student-centred guidance model is utilised to define the mentors' roles and inputs in the teacher practice mentoring process. The purpose of this article is to describe mentors' perceptions of mentoring teacher students in teacher practice at the School of Vocational Teacher Education in Oulu, Finland. The material for the development project was collected by conducting an inquiry at the beginning of mentors' guidance training. The study participants included 21 mentors from different vocational schools. In the mentoring process, the interaction and cooperation between mentor and mentee plays an essential role. Mentors' perceptions of their role in mentoring focus mainly on educational guidance and personal guidance. According to the findings, more attention could be focused on mentoring teacher students' vocational development during teacher practice. The results can be used in developing the mentors' guidance training.
Talk about teaching! : leading professional conversations
Professional development : the experiences of primary school teachers in Tanzania
Professional development : a case study
This study deals with competence-based curriculum development in higher education, in universities of applied sciences. Competence-based curricula have been launched with the Bologna process into European higher education over the last two decades, introducing student-centered curricula instead of earlier subject- centered curricula.  The present curriculum development started with the idea of collaboration to strengthen the teachers' agency. The administrative view was to implement the competence-based curriculum and new assessment criteria and to ensure their implementations. My idea as a responsive planner and head of the project was to offer a forum for interaction.  The theoretical frame of this study was constructed on the basis of curriculum theory and the change of paradigm within it. The aim of the study was to find out how teachers talk about curriculum and curriculum development. Much effort was given to the interpretation of their words and utterances. The research questions specified the aim of explaining what meanings were constructed and how they were understood as part of the interaction process.  The research questions were:  1. What meanings do teachers in an applied sciences university give to competence-based curriculum during the development process?  2. How are the meanings constructed in the development process of competence-based curriculum?  The research method was discourse analysis. The context of the study was the department of engineering in Oulu University of Applied Sciences. The participants were 15 teachers working as program leaders. The material consisted of six group discussions proceeding as a pedagogical process in 2009 - 2011. All meetings were recorded and transcribed.  Outcomes of the study consist of interpretation repertoires. Repertoires can be defined as situationally constructed varying ways to talk about curriculum development and curriculum.  Six interpretative repertoires for curriculum development practises were formed from the material. They were “coercion, duty, benefit, threat for the autonomy, initiative for reflection and toughening pedagogic leadership” –repertoires. They are linked to the themes of teachers' pedagogical practises and identity construction. The most dominant repertoire was coercion repertoire.  Seven interpretative repertoires were formed about the curriculum itself. They are repertoires of “formal learning, substance-centeredness, personal learning, knowledge-based, course-centeredness, student as an object and inconsistent relationship with the working life”. Based on the results, future directions and targets of the applied sciences curriculum work are reflected in the article.
Managerial competence in Russian business : from the viewpoint of Finnish managers
The professional teacher educator : roles, behaviour, and professional development of teacher educators
Collaborative Curriculum Development and Meanings Given to it by Teachers
Why in-service teachers left their employment and pursued master's studies at a Finnish university
Theory into practice : voices and choices in coursework
A practical guide to mentoring, coaching, and peer-networking : teacher professional development in schools and colleges
Critical reflections on career education and guidance : promoting social justice within a global economy
Lessons from a street-wise professor : what you won't learn at most music schools
What it takes to be a teacher : the role of personal and professional development
Writing for professional development
Redefining teacher development
Levels of autonomy and responsiblities of teachers in Europe
Contemporary models in vocational psychology : a volume in honour of Samuel Osipow
Teacher development : an international journal of teachers' professional development
Modeling of professional growth and learning : Bayesian approach
The International Handbook of Leadership for Learning brings together chapters by distinguished authors from thirty-one countries in nine different regions of the world. This handbook contains nine sections that provide regional overviews; a consideration of theoretical and contextual aspects; and, system and policy approaches that promote leadership for learning with a focus on educating school leaders for learning and the role of the leader in supporting learning. It also considers the challenge of educating current leaders for this new perspective, and how leaders themselves can develop leadership for learning in others and in their organisations, especially in diverse contexts and situations. The final chapter considers what we now know about leadership for learning and looks at ways this might be further improved in the future. This book provides the reader with an understanding of the rich contextual nature of learning in schools and the role of school leaders and leadership development in promoting this. It concludes that the preposition 'for' between the two readily known and understood terms of 'leadership' and 'learning' changes everything as it foregrounds learning and complexifies, rather than simplifies, what that word may mean. Whereas common terms such as 'instructional leadership' reduce learning to 'outcomes', leadership for learning embraces a much wider, developmental view of learning.
Teaching is a profession notorious for high 'burn-out', with some describing this process  beginning as early as student teaching. Struggling teachers feel disconnected and uninspired. On the side  of them, new teachers make their way through their induction years. At schools and in universities  experienced teachers and researchers have a lot of contextual knowledge and competences. Value  increasing projects like peer group mentoring are needed to enhance both conceptual and practical  implications for understanding learning in professional communities. The present study is aimed at  investigating factors which contribute to variations of teachers and researchers coping through the  stages of their professional lives. The idea of sustaining the commitment goes back to the conception of  social learning in communities of practice (Wenger, 1998). The 14-month program of 15 ECTS credits (400  hours) was started in 2010 in Oulu University of Applied Sciences (Oulu UAS), in the School of Vocational  Teacher Education (SVTE) and is continuing still, starting with slight alterations every year. Each year a  group of about 10 experienced professionals are educated to act as peer group mentors in their work  places. Yearly their expectations, feedbacks and overall evaluations are collected to form a data basis for  research. Among the most convincing features expressed in the research material which support the  planned aims was the acquisition of fresh attitudes towards work places, their functions and the  employees' roles in them. Besides widened perspectives, feelings of collegial respect, sense of  professional ethics and personal positive attitudes to professional growth were apparent.
Interpreters at terminology work : views to professional development, language policy and language management
Teachers' narratives of their processes for the improvement of educational practice in collaboration with researcher
How to make partner and still have a life
Adventure education : an introduction
Becoming a teacher : an inquiring dialogue for the beginning teacher
Career anchors : participant workbook
Who gets promoted, who doesn't, and why
The professional growth of an accounting agency entrepreneur
Educating teachers through professional development to use aesthetic qualities in schools
Teachers' professional development : assessment, training, and learning
An exploration into the applicability of school principals' training on the principals' leadership practices in Finland
Low-educated second language and literacy acquisition : proceedings of the 8th symposium
Paths to success : career analysis as a basis for selection, training and career-planning of future inservice educators
Novice university teachers' professional development and learning as a teacher : opportunities and conditions at Estonian higher education institutions
Knowledge based society teaching profession challenges
Understanding and developing science teachers' pedagogical content knowledge
The making of international professionals : intercultural competence as a part of curriculum in the vocational qualification in business and administration international programme of Oulu Vocational College
Quality enhancement in teacher education : Tanzanian teacher educators' conceptions and experiences
The teacher career cycle : understanding and guiding the professional development of teachers
The novice language teacher's guide to survival : dialogue between the new and the experienced language teacher
Essential leadership: develop your leadership qualities through theory and practice
Creative workers have been celebrated internationally for their flexibility in new labour markets centred on culture, creativity and, most recently, innovation. This book draws on research with novice and established workers in a range of specializations in order to explore the meanings, aspirations and practical difficulties associated with a creative identification. It investigates the difficulties and attractions of creative work as a personalized, affect-laden project of self-making, perpetually open and oriented to possibility, uncertain in its trajectory or rewards. Employing a cross-disciplinary methodology and analytic approach, the book investigates the new cultural meanings in play around a creative career. It shows how classic ideals of design and the creative arts, re-interpreted and promoted within contemporary art schools, validate the lived experience of precarious working in the global sectors of the creative and cultural industries, yet also contribute to its conflicts. "Contemporary Identities of Creativity and Creative Work" presents a distinctive study and original findings which make it essential reading for social scientists, including social psychologists, with an interest in cultural and media studies, creativity, identity, work and contemporary careers.
Study abroad and career identity : three narratives of English language students' journeys to English-speaking countries
Moving mosaic : exploring collegial collaboration as a way of indentifying and transforming the culture of dance teaching
Science education : major themes in education. Volume 4 : conceptual and teacher development in science education
Teachers' professional development : Europe in international comparison : an analysis of teachers' professional development based on the OECD's Teaching and Learning International Survey (TALIS)
Continuing professional development : some of our perspectives
Diversification in the Language Industry : success beyond translation
Abstract: The change of the dental hygienist's workprofile according to the changes on the public dental healthcare in the East-Finland.
Tensions in teaching about teaching : understanding practice as a teacher educator
Achieving early years professional status
Promoting change through action research
A study on the promotion of adults' oral English communication and teacher development in liberal and tertiary education
Career anchors : facilitator's guide
Competence-based education refers to the integration of knowledge,  skills, attitudes and interactivity as the intended outcomes of learning. It  makes use of lifelong learning and lifelike tasks in realistic settings and  requires the cooperation of teachers. This research was prompted by the  desire to explain why collegial cooperation often seems to be problematic  in schools and universities. Are there certain social structures or  behavioural patterns that influence the cooperative culture in teacher  communities? The research material was collected in 2013 and 2014 in  Oulu, Finland. The target groups were both newly qualified and experienced  vocational teachers at all educational levels (N=30). The data collection  methods were open questions in interviews and questionnaires.  The research approach and analysis methods were qualitative. The theoretical  background is in humanistic-cognitive and experiential learning  as well as in dynamic epistemic conceptions. The findings show that the  prevailing model in teacher communities is individualistic, disciplinedivided  and course-based, especially among older teachers. The obstacles  refer to teachers' self-image and a deeply rooted fear of criticism  or revelation of incompetence. The promoters of cooperation were connected  to the changing practices and desire of sharing with colleagues.
Professional development among educators pursuing a B.Ed. program in special education in Tanzania : a study of motives and perceived outcomes
Experts or good educators - or both? : the development of early childhood educators' expertise in Finland
Educational development : through information and communications technology
Teacher educators amid conflicting demands : tensions between individual and organizational development
Making practical training a success : case: international practical training process at Lahti University of Applied Sciences
The role of school leadership in learning at work and professional development in three European countries
Practical skills, education and development : Vocational education and training in Finland
Designing and Testing an Educational Program for Professional Development  in Work Place : Sharing Expertise in Teachers' Peer Group Mentoring
Teacher development : exploring our own practice
Learning by caring : a follow-up study of participants in a specialized training program in pastoral care and counseling
Developing critical professional practice in education
Career transitions : the best resources to help you advance
Towards professional growth by teachers : peer mentoring program
Internships of highly skilled medical professionals and ways of their professional development between Russia and Finland
The significance of perceived development opportunities in the context of retention : comparing ageing and younger nurses
Enchancing professional development of teachers by developing supervision into a conceptually-based practise
Contextual knowledge and learning process at work
Leadership can be taught : a bold approach for a complex world
Teachers' life-cycle from initial teacher education to experienced professional : ATEE 2011 annual conference proceedings
International virtual teamwork offers new opportunities for the professional development of teachers. In this paper, we examine the initial experiences in an ongoing international virtual benchmarking project coordinated by the Finnish Online University of Applied Sciences. What challenges does an international context present for project construction and collaboration? Data from five countries, in the form of participant reflections and researchers' observations, were analysed according to four types of barriers: language, time, technical and mental barriers. Initial data indicates that trust is an essential starting point, as there is neither time nor possibilities to build mutual trust by traditional means. Organisational confidentiality issues, however, can complicate the situation. The project introduces 'collision' as a method of professional development, in which not only physical and organisational borders are crossed, but also mental barriers, as skills and competencies needed in global learning environments are acquired.
Teacher leadership and professional development
Advanced practice nursing : evolving roles for the transformation of the profession
Tiivistelmä:Managerial competence in Russian business.
The career potential of migrant scholars in Finnish higher education : emerging perspectives and dynamics
Narrative ecologies : teachers as pedagogical toolmakers
The Relevance of cross-cultural leadership training : a case study of a Finnish training program for Chinese school principals
On becoming a teacher
Learning teaching, teaching teaching : a study of partnership in teacher education
Mentors' perceptions of teacher practice : a  case study of the School of Vocational Teacher Education
Developing leadership : creating the schools of tomorrow
Measuring vocational maturity for counseling and evaluation
Participants in mathematics teacher education: individuals, teams, communities and networks
Organization and effectiveness of induction programs for new teachers
The aspect of mobility in the career paths of hotel managers of one hotel chain in Helsinki.
Third party in workplace conflicts : the mediator's conflict management and intercultural competences
Phronesis as professional knowledge : practical wisdom in the professions
Magnetic metal : toward a model for satisfaction of education and career in vocational upper secondary education and training of machinery and metal technology in the Lahti region
Professional development, reflection and decision-making in nursing and health care
Developing as a professional : a case study
Teaching and learning in further education : diversity and change
Organisational learning in a fusion school
Personal development in the information and library profession
International Handbook of Leadership for Learning
Making a difference : challenges for teachers, teaching, and teacher education
Achieving competence, success and excellence in teaching
Associations between age and cognitive foundation skills in the Nordic countries : a closer look at the data
Understanding the classical music profession : the past, the present and strategies for the future
Practitioner research as part of professional development in initial teacher education
Professional learning in nursing
Growing minds : on becoming a teacher
The international handbook of cultures of professional development for teachers : comparative international issues in collaboration, reflection, management and policy
The newly qualified teacher's handbook
Teachers' life-cycle from initial teacher education to experienced professional : 36th annual conference of the association for teacher education in Europe, Riga, 24th - 28th August, 2011
"Bringing a different world into existence - Action Research as a trigger for innovations" was the overarching theme and vision of the international CARN Conference 2011 in Vienna. The chapters in this book are drawn mainly from conference contributions. The authors share practical knowledge which has arisen from their work, and reflect on development processes in schools, in teacher education and professional development, social work, social pedagogy, health care and community development. This book offers what some critics believe has been missing in recent action research literature, namely first person accounts of action researchers who endeavour to change working conditions and social relations in their environment through the conduct of action research. This book is also distinguished by assembling contributions from people who are linking action research to a broad diversity of differing contexts, and who are exploring topics or issues across various applications of action research.
The psychology of careers : an introduction to vocational development
Vocational teachers' professional agency in the stream of change
Puzzled by portfolio : the story of an ongoing international conversation
Development work thesis as tool for continuing professional development
Assessment in secondary schools : the new teacher's guide to monitoring, assessment, recording, reporting, and accountability
Reflections on creating an international virtual benchmarking model for authentic e-learning : crossing boundaries and breaking down barriers
Towards Competence-based Practices in Vocational  Education : What Will the Process Require from  Teacher Education and Teacher Identities?
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Career anchors : self-assessment
Clinical reasoning in three different fields of physiotherapy : a qualitative case study
Changing teachers' practices in regular schools enrolling children with visual impairment : an action research project in Tanzania
Learning and growing with an NGO Project. An ethnographical action research on launching international education project with Plan Finland
Teachers' professional development: what are the key change factors for mathematics teachers?
