http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13199 military history
military history
The guns at last light : the war in Western Europe, 1944-1945
The battle backwards : a comparative study of the battle of Kosovo Polje (1389) and the Munich agreement (1938) as political myths
The Thirty Years War 1618-1648
Karl Doenitz and the last days of the third reich
Waterloo 1815 : the British army's day of destiny
The Oxford companion to American military history
The Royal Prerogative redefined : parliamentary debate on the role of the British Parliament in large-scale military deployments, 1982-2003
Silent landscape : the battlefields of the western front one hundred years on
A military history of Russia : from Ivan the Terrible to the war in Chechnya
Radio Liberty - The Enemy Within? The Dissemination of Western Values through US Cold War Broadcasts
Moonglow : a novel
Battles of world history
Fleet Admiral King : a Naval record
A man bears witness to his grandfather's deathbed confessions, which reveal his family's long-buried history and his involvement in a mail-order novelty company, World War II, and the space program.
The Fighting Man : the Illustrated History of the World's Greatest Fighting Forces through the Ages
League of dragons
"Most accounts of Syria's brutal, long-lasting civil war focus on a domestic contest that began in 2011 and only later drew foreign nations into the escalating violence. Christopher Phillips argues instead that the international dimension was never secondary but that Syria's war was, from the very start, profoundly influenced by regional factors, particularly the vacuum created by a perceived decline of U.S. power in the Middle East. This precipitated a new regional order in which six external protagonists--the United States, Russia, Iran, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, and Qatar--have violently competed for influence, with Syria a key battleground. Drawing on a plethora of original interviews, Phillips constructs a new narrative of Syria's war. Without absolving the brutal Bashar al-Assad regime, the author untangles the key external factors which explain the acceleration and endurance of the conflict, including the West's strategy against ISIS. He concludes with some insights on Syria and the region's future"--
Dark invasion : the secret war against the Kaiser's spies
Killing the Bismarck : destroying the pride of Hitler's fleet
The wars of America
Fort of Jungfruskär 1939 - 1999.
Malayan spymaster : memoirs of a rubber planter, bandit fighter, and spy
The encyclopedia of war : from ancient Egypt to Iraq
Serving the people
The Crimean war in the Arctic : a further note
Sexual abuse survivors and the complex of traditional healing : (G)local prospects in the aftermath of an African war
Iron curtain : the crushing of Eastern Europe, 1945-1956
A study of World War II from the Latin American perspective, this volume offers an in-depth analysis of the region during wartime. It considers how each country dealt with commonly shared problems - the Axis threat to the national order, the extent of military cooperation with the Allies, and the war's impact on the national economy.
The struggle for Guadalcanal, August 1942-February 1943
The role of presidential advisory systems in US foreign policy-making : the case of the National Security Council and Vietnam, 1953-1961
Divided dreamworlds? : the cultural Cold War in East and West
Sotahistoriallinen aikakauskirja = Journal of military history. 19
The journal of military history
Who is responsible? : war crimes in Chechnya
"Combining the pulsating drive of Showtime's Homeland with the fascinating historical detail of such of narrative nonfiction bestsellers as Double Cross and In the Garden of Beasts, Dark Invasion is Howard Blum's gritty, high-energy true-life tale of German espionage and terror on American soil during World War I, and the NYPD Inspector who helped uncover the plot--the basis for the film to be produced by and starring Bradley Cooper. When a "neutral" United States becomes a trading partner for the Allies early in World War I, the Germans implement a secret plan to strike back. A team of saboteurs--including an expert on germ warfare, a Harvard professor, and a brilliant, debonair spymaster--devise a series of "mysterious accidents" using explosives and biological weapons, to bring down vital targets such as ships, factories, livestock, and even captains of industry like J.P. Morgan. New York Police Inspector Tom Tunney, head of the department's Bomb Squad, is assigned the difficult mission of stopping them. Assembling a team of loyal operatives, the cunning Irish cop hunts for the conspirators among a population of more than eight million Germans. But the deeper he finds himself in this labyrinth of deception, the more Tunney realizes that the enemy's plan is far more complex and more dangerous than he suspected.Full of drama and intensity, illustrated with eight pages of black and-white photos, Dark Invasion is riveting war thriller that chillingly echoes our own time"--
The Wars of the Roses were not just fought by men on the battlefield. Behind the scenes, there were daughters, wives, mistresses, mothers and queens whose lives and influences helped shape the most dramatic of English conflicts. This book traces the story of women on the Lancastrian side, from the children borne by Blanche, wife of John of Gaunt, through the turbulent fifteenth century to the advent of Margaret Beaufort's son in 1509 and the establishment of the Tudor dynasty. From the secret liaisons of Katherine Swynford and Catherine of Valois to the love lives of Mary de Bohun and Jacquetta of Luxembourg, to the queenship of Joan of Navarre and Margaret of Anjou, this book explores their experiences as women. What bound them to their cause? What real influence did they wield? Faced with the dangers of treason and capture, defamation and childbirth, read how these extraordinary women survived in extraordinary times.
The military history of Egypt : the story of the egyptian army its battles, organisation and uniforms from the pharaohs to the present day
Policy and economic performance in divided Korea during the Cold War era : 1945-91
War and society in Africa
Genghis Khan : the man who conquered the world
Hitler's last day : minute by minute
Alexander the Great : lessons in strategy
Victory of eagles : a novel of Temeraire
Great Britain and sea power 1815-1853
The invasion of France and Germany, 1944-1945
Terror was central to the Nazi regime, and the Nazi concentration camps were places of horror where prisoners were dehumanized and robbed of their dignity and where millions were murdered. How did prisoners cope with the brutal and degrading conditions of life within the camps? In this highly original book Maja Suderland takes the reader inside the concentration camps and examines the everyday social life of prisoners - their daily activities and routines, the social relationships and networks they created and the strategies they developed to cope with the harsh conditions and the brutality of the guards. Without overlooking the violence of the camps, the contradictions of camp life or the elusive complexity of the multicultural prisoner society, Suderland explores the hidden social practices that enabled prisoners to preserve their human dignity and create a sense of individuality and community despite the appalling circumstances. This remarkable account of social life in extreme conditions will be of great interest to students and scholars in history, sociology and the social sciences generally, as well as to a wider readership interested in the Holocaust and the concentration camps.
A history of warfare
The history of Rome : from early times to the establishment of the Empire
Stockholm 12-15 VIII 1973 : actes du 2e Colloque International d'Histoire Militaire = Records of the 2nd International Colloquy on Military history = Verhandlungen der 2. Internationalen Tagung für Militärgeschichte
Histories
War in Japan 1467-1615
The first Afghan war and its causes
The days of the warlords : a history of the Byzantine Empire, A.D. 969-991
Truth or conjecture? : German civilian war losses in the East
The art of war : the definitive interpretation of Sun Tzu's classic book on strategy for the martial artist
Product Development in Dark Tourism : Case: Topography of Terror (Berlin, Germany)
The second world war and and epilogue on the years 1945-1957
The Penguin encyclopedia of modern warfare : 1850 to the present day
Hero : the life and legend of Lawrence of Arabia
Livrustkammaren = Journal of the Royal armoury, Stockholm. Band 5, häft. 1-12, 1949-52
The Spanish labyrinth : an account of the social and political background of the civil war
The battle for Syria : international rivalry in the new Middle East
The Oxford companion to military history
Battle Ready : memoir of a SEAL warrior medic
Leyte, June 1944-January 1945
The geometry of war 1500-1750 : catalogue of the exhibition
Wars of the Irish kings : a thousand years of struggle from the age of myth through the reign of Queen Elizabeth I
Waterloo : a new history of the battle and its armies
In search of suitable political leadership : Japanese conservatives in occupation plans and policies 1942–1947
Critical factors in the Horn of Africa's raging conflicts
The fall of the Ottomans : the Great War in the Middle East, 1914-1920
His Majesty's dragon
Fighting techniques of the early modern world, AD 1500 - AD 1763 : equipment, combat skills and tactics
1914-1918 : the history of the First World War
The Hutchinson dictionary of ancient & medieval warfare
A military history of Ireland
The utility of force : the art of war in the modern world
Livrustkammaren = Journal of the Royal armoury, Stockholm. Band 4, häft. 1-12, 1946-48
Livrustkammaren = Journal of the Royal Armoury. 1997-98
Secondhand time : the last of the Soviets
Stopping Napoleon : war and intrigue in the Mediterranean
At a time when much attention is focused on the Horn of Africa as one of Africa's most war-ravaged regions and a continued source of security concern regionally and globally, this Discussion Paper provides deep insights into the complex dimensions of and linkages between the violent conflicts in the region. Delving into history and the core and contextual factors underpinning these wars in the postcolonial era, the author provides a conceptual framework for grappling with the complex inter- and intra-state conflicts by focusing on the institutional and structural causes of war. He goes on to make a compelling argument that conflict for institutional and democratic state transformation in the Horn of Africa is a fundamental step towards long-term peace and sustainable development.
The age of revolution and reaction 1789-1859
Our ancient wars : rethinking war through the classics
The war of desperation : Lebanon 1982-85
History of the war in the Peninsula and in the South of France from the year 1807 to the year 1814. [1], 1807-1810 : with maps and plans
Force Benedict : Churchill's secret mission to save Stalin
The secret ministry of Ag. & Fish : my life in Churchill's school for spies
The lost history of 1914 : how the Great War was not inevitable
The revolutionary war : America's fight for freedom
The second world war
The Janissaries
Battle Royal : the wars of Lancaster and York, 1440-1462
Iron fist : classic armoured warfare case studies
The partition of the steppe : the struggle of the Russians, Manchus, and the Zunghar Mongols for empire in Central Asia, 1619-1758 : a study in power politics. [Vol. II]
The cognitive challenge of war : Prussia, 1806
The Golden book of the American Revolution
American sniper : the autobiography of the most lethal sniper in U.S. military history
Battle hymn of China
Sotahistoriallinen aikakauskirja = Journal of military history. 18
Churchill and Malta's war 1939-1943
The summer isles
Red spies in America : stolen secrets and the dawn of the Cold War
Allied intervention in Russia
Half-century of conflict
African military history
Seize and hold : master strokes on the battlefield
While memory serves
The art of war
Thailand-Burma border : history and current issues
Matchlocks to flintlocks : warfare in Europe and beyond 1500-1700
Strategy : a history
Waterloo : the aftermath
The histories
Dictionary of Canadian military history
Finland and the United States, 1917-1919 : early years of mutual relations
History should not be forgotten
The art of war in the western world
A world gone mad : the diaries of Astrid Lindgren, 1939-45
China in the World Antifascist War
Anatomy of a war : Vietnam, the United States, and the modern historical experience
Why nations go to war
Livrustkammaren = Journal of the Royal armoury, Stockholm. Band 10, häft. 1-12, 1964-66
The mammoth book of battles
Germanicus : the magnificent life and mysterious death of Rome's most popular general
Afghanistan : a military history from Alexander the Great to the Fall of the Taliban
Germanicus(a.k.a. Germanicus Iulius Caesar) was regarded by many Romans as a hero in the mould of Alexander the Great. His untimely death, in suspicious circumstances, ended the possibility of a return to a more open republic and ambitions for the outright conquest of Germania Magna (Germany and The Netherlands). This, the first modern biography of Germanicus Caesar, is in parts a growing-up story, a history of war, a tale of political intrigue and a murder mystery. It is a natural sequel to the author's acclaimed book, 'Eager for glory', which, for the first time, discussed the life of Germanicus' birth father, Nero Claudius Drusus. Born in 16 BC, Germanicus grew up to be a skilled diplomat and a bold general, but also a formidable courtroom advocate, poet and playwright. Marked out to be a successor to Augustus, he married Agrippina, the first emperor's granddaughter by whom he fathered nine children, including the future Emperor Caligula. His reputation and popularity were immense. He put down a mutiny of the Rhine legions, was responsible for avenging Rome's humiliating defeat at the Battle of Teutoburg Forest through victory at Idistaviso (AD 16), and the recovery of two of the three lost legionary eagle standards. Recognizing his achievements, the Emperor Tiberius - his adoptive father - granted him a full triumph, but refused to let him complete the reconquest of Germania, sending him instead to command the provinces in the East. Did Tiberius feel jealous and threatened? Germanicus' good fortune waned when he fell out with one of Tiberius' gubernatorial appointees, the arrogant patrician Calpurnius Piso. Germanicus' death in Syria under mysterious circumstances, aged 34, brought great outpourings of public grief and anger, with many suspecting murder on the orders of Tiberius. As Romans demanded justice Piso was put on trial, but he committed suicide - or was he murdered? - before the senate could reach a verdict.In this highly readable, fast paced account, historical detective Lindsay Powell details Germanicus' campaigns and battles in Illyricum and Germania; tracks him on his epic tour of the Eastern Mediterranean to Armenia and down the Nile; evaluates the possible causes of his death; and reports on the cruel fate his wife Agrippina and their children suffered at the hands of Praetorian Guard commander, and Tiberius' infamous deputy, Aelius Seianus.
The Mexican war
Mapping the Second World War : the key battles of the European theatre from above
Great military battles
The rise and fall of the gunbatsu : a study in military history
Tragedy has struck His Majesty's Aerial Corps, as an epidemic of unknown origin and no known cure is decimating the dragons' ranks. Only Temeraire and a pack of newly recruited dragons remain uninfected and must stand as the only means of airborne defense against France's ever bolder sorties. As Bonaparte's dragons harrow Britain's ships, Temeraire and his captain, Will Laurence, take wing to Africa in search of a cure for the deadly contagion
Science with a human face : the activity of the Czechoslovak scientists František Šorm and Otto Wichterle during the Cold War
Empire of ivory
Lawrence in Arabia : war, deceit, imperial folly and the making of the modern Middle East
"In No Mission Is Impossible, Michael Bar-Zohar and Nissim Mishal return with the intensely absorbing, fast-paced story of thirty of the boldest missions of the Israeli Special Forces. Bar-Zohar and Mishal depict in electrifying detail major battles, raids in enemy territory, and death-defying commando missions while also sharing the personal stories of both soldiers and top commanders, revealing their hopes and fears. The stories are often of victories, but sometimes also of immense failures, and run side-by-side with the accounts of the lives and accomplishments of some of Israel's most prominent figures, including Moshe Dayan, Ariel Sharon, the brothers Netanyahu, Ehud Barak, and Avigdor Kahalani. We follow Sharon, from his near death at the battle of Latrun in 1948, to his crossing Suez in 1973; we are with Ehud Barak, dressed in women's clothes, when he commands a daring raid in Beirut in 1973, and then when he is elected Prime Minister in 1999. Besides recounting the mesmerizing, high-stakes missions, No Mission Is Impossible includes an interview in each chapter with a major figure who took part in the mission discussed, including some of the most prominent players in Israeli politics, and stunning photographs, many published for the first time."--Amazon website.
The new Vichy syndrome : why European intellectuals surrender to barbarism
Remembering the war and aggression : a discourse analysis of Japan's state apologies and commemoration speeches on August 15th 1995-2015
Africa's Thirty Years War : Libya, Chad, and the Sudan, 1963-1993
The winter fortress : the epic mission to sabotage Hitler's atomic bomb
Black powder war
Sicily-Salerno-Anzio, January 1943-June 1944
When the war was over : Cambodia and the Khmer Rouge revolution
H.M.S. London
Merovingian military organization 481-751
"In its efforts to assist post-conflict societies in africa the international aid community has acitvely promoted projects of psycho-social healing among people traumatized during wars and violent conflict. To a large degree these projects have been established in the tradtion of Western psychology. More recently, however, it has been realized in order to help survivors of war effectivley it is necessary to adapt projects and enhance "local" psycho-social healing. This policy report locates the structures - with local legitimacy - that are available to young people who experienced sexual abuse during the Sierra Leone civil war (1991-2002). To this end, this booklet discusses a healing complex that comprises a number of overlapping actors, including herbalists, Zoe Mammies (heads of the female secret societies), Mori-men (Muslim healers); Karamokos (Muslim teachers) and Christian pastors." --Publisher's description.
Intergovernmental advocates of refugees : the refugee policy of the League of Nations and the International Labour Organization in the 1920s and 1930s
One bullet away : the making of a Marine officer
Sun Tzu's The art of war : bilingual edition with complete Chinese and English text
Historical dictionary of the Korean war
"From the 2015 winner of the Nobel Prize in Literature, Svetlana Alexievich, comes the first English translation of her latest work, an oral history of the disintegration of the Soviet Union and the emergence of a new Russia. Bringing together dozens of voices in her distinctive documentary style, Secondhand Time is a monument to the collapse of the USSR, charting the decline of Soviet culture and speculating on what will rise from the ashes of communism. As in all her books, Alexievich gives voice to women and men whose stories are lost in the official narratives of nation-states, creating a powerful alternative history from the personal and private stories of individuals"--
The last Jews in Berlin
The Atlantic battle won, May 1943-May 1945
"Bringing together dozens of voices in her distinctive style of oral history, Secondhand Time is a monument to the collapse of the USSR, charting the decline of Soviet culture and speculating on what will rise from the ashes of Communism. As in all her books, Alexievich gives voice to women and men whose stories are lost in the official narratives of nation-states, creating a powerful alternative history from the personal and private stories of individuals. When the Swedish Academy awarded Svetlana Alexievich the Nobel Prize in Literature, they praised her 'polyphonic writings, a monument to suffering and courage in our time,' and cited her for inventing 'a new kind of literary genre.' Sara Danius, the permanent secretary of the Swedish Academy, added that her work comprises 'a history of emotions--a history of the soul'"--
Killing the rising sun : how America vanquished World War II Japan
Arms and men : a study in American military history
Victory in the Pacific, 1945
Coral Sea, Midway and submarine actions, May 1942-August 1942
The supreme command
The partition of the steppe : the struggle of the Russians, Manchus, and the Zunghar Mongols for empire in Central Asia, 1619-1758 : a study in power politics. [Vol. I]
War and peace in the ancient world
The Middle East in the American quest for world order : ideas of power, economics, and social development in United States foreign policy, 1953-1961
An index of events in the military history of the Greek nation
The Oxford companion to World War II
Blood of tyrants
Samurai : an illustrated history
A dictionary of military history and the art of war
The story of the Second World War for children, 1939-1945
A Surrealist bomb transfigures war-torn Paris into a phantasmagoric dreamscape, unleashing a race of nightmarish creatures.
'Vietnam' : a portrait of its people at war
Great sieges of history
The Complete art of war
British and Swedish policies and strategies in the Baltic after the peace of Tilsit in 1807 : a study of decision-making
Defining moments : world war II
Inside concentration camps : social life at the extremes
Vietnam by Hollywood : three Hollywood films as narratives of history
Livrustkammaren = Journal of the Royal armoury, Stockholm. Band 8, häft. 1-12, 1958-60
When the state falls : studies on intervention in the Sierra Leone civil war
Sieges of the English Civil Wars
Latin America during world war II
Flashpoints : the emerging crisis in Europe
No mission is impossible : the death-defying missions of the Israeli Special Forces
Battlefields then & now
Languages at war : policies and practices of language contacts in conflict
Operation Big : the race to stop Hitler's A-bomb
Independence or death! : the story of the Paraguayan war
Accidental warrior : in the front line from Normandy till victory
Trade and war : the neutrality of commerce in the inter-state system
India's China war
Russia and the Mediterranean, 1797-1807
Butcher and bolt
The red line : the gripping account of the RAF's bloodiest raid on Hitler's Germany
Emphasising the significance of foreign languages at the centre of war and conflict, this book argues that 'foreignness' and foreign languages are key to our understanding of what happens in war. Through case studies the book traces the role of languages in intelligence, military deployment, soldier/civilian meetings, occupation and peace building.
Ski track on the battlefield
Army life in a Black Regiment
The battle of Königgrätz
Good to go : the life and times of a decorated member of the U.S. Navy's elite SEAL Team Two
Livrustkammaren = Journal of the Royal armoury, Stockholm. Band 11, häft. 1-12, 1967-69
Russian war, 1854 Baltic and Black sea official correspondence
Estonia gravitates towards Sweden : nordic identity and activist regionalism in world war I
Baron Mannerheim's Description of the Local Troops of Lanchow
Wanáǧi Wachípi ki̧ : the ghost dance among the Lakota Indians in 1890
The 33 strategies of war
Warrior race : the British experience of war from Roman times to the present
The price of admiralty : an indictment of the Royal Navy, 1805-1966
The nemesis of power : the German army in politics 1918-1945
Livrustkammaren = Journal of the Royal armoury, Stockholm. Band 9, häft. 1-12, 1961-63
Churchill's bomb : a hidden history of Britain's first nuclear weapons programme
Wake up and dream
On a September day in Manhattan in 1939, twenty-something Caroline Ferriday is consumed by her efforts to secure the perfect boutonniere for an important French diplomat and resisting the romantic advances of a married actor. Meanwhile across the Atlantic, Kasia Kuzmerick, a Polish Catholic teenager, is nervously anticipating the changes that are sure to come since Germany has declared war on Poland. As tensions rise abroad - and in her personal life - Caroline's interest in aiding the war effort in France grows and she eventually comes to hear about the dire situation at the Ravensbruck all-female concentration camp. At the same time, Kasia's carefree youth is quickly slipping away, only to be replaced by a fervor for the Polish resistance movement. Through Ravensbruck - and the horrific atrocities taking place there told in part by an infamous German surgeon, Herta Oberheuser - the two women's lives will converge in unprecedented ways and a novel of redemption and hope emerges that is breathtaking in scope and depth.
Bloodlands : Europe between Hitler and Stalin
"In 2009, Clinton Romesha of Red Platoon and the rest of Black Knight Troop were preparing to shut down Command Outpost (COP) Keating, the most remote and inaccessible in a string of bases built by the United States military in Nuristan and Kunar in the hope of preventing Taliban insurgents from moving freely back and forth between Afghanistan and Pakistan. Three years after its construction, the army was finally ready to concede what the men on the ground had known immediately: it was simply too isolated and too dangerous to defend. On October 3, 2009, after years of constant smaller attacks, the Taliban finally decided to throw everything they had at Keating. The ensuing fourteen-hour battle -- and eventual victory -- cost eight Americans their lives. Red Platoon is a firsthand account of the Battle for COP Keating, told by Romesha, who spearheaded both the defense of the outpost and the counterattack that drove the Taliban back beyond the wire and received the Medal of Honor for his actions." --Publisher description.
Chinese reportage : the aesthetics of historical experience
The Vietnam war : a concise international history
Autumn 1944. World War II is nearly over in Europe but is escalating in the Pacific, where American soldiers face an opponent who will go to any length to avoid defeat. The Japanese army follows the samurai code of Bushido, stipulating that surrender is a form of dishonor. Killing the Rising Sun takes readers to the bloody tropical-island battlefields of Peleliu and Iwo Jima and to the embattled Philippines, where General Douglas MacArthur has made a triumphant return and is plotting a full-scale invasion of Japan. Across the globe in Los Alamos, New Mexico, Dr. J. Robert Oppenheimer and his team of scientists are preparing to test the deadliest weapon known to mankind. In Washington, DC, FDR dies in office and Harry Truman ascends to the presidency, only to face the most important political decision in history: whether to use that weapon. And in Tokyo, Emperor Hirohito, who is considered a deity by his subjects, refuses to surrender, despite a massive and mounting death toll.
War studies reader : from the Renaissance to the present day and beyond
The origins of war from the Stone Age to Alexander the Great
History of the war in the Peninsula and in the South of France from the year 1807 to the year 1814. [2], 1810-1812 : with maps and plans
The autobiography of the British soldier : from Agincourt to Basra, in his own words
Supplement and general index
Red platoon : a true story of American valor
English summaries.
War in Afghanistan
The last days of new Paris
The blitz : a very peculiar history : with no added doodlebugs
War through the ages
Major problems in American military history : documents and essays
Warspite
The neutrals
Red roses : Blanche of Gaunt to Margaret Beaufort
Zero Six Bravo : 60 special forces : 100, 000 enemy : the explosive true story
Battle for a continent
Empires at war. Vol. 2, A chronological encyclopedia from Carthage to the Normans
Fortress : a history of military defence
War - what is it good for? : the role of conflict in civilisation, from primates to robots
While the divide between capitalism and communism, embodied in the image of the Iron Curtain, seemed to be as wide and definitive as any cultural rift, Giles Scott-Smith, Joes Segal, and Peter Romijn have compiled a selection of essays on how culture contributed to the blurring of ideological boundaries between the East and the West. This important and diverse volume presents fascinating insights into the tensions, rivalries, and occasional cooperation between the two blocs, with essays that represent the cutting edge of Cold War Studies and analyze aesthetic preferences and cultural phenomena as various as interior design in East and West Germany; the Soviet stance on genetics; US cultural diplomacy during and after the Cold War; and the role of popular music as the universal cultural ambassador.An illuminating and wide-ranging survey of interrelated collective dreams from both sides of the Iron Curtain, Divided Dreamworlds? has a place on the bookshelf of any modern historian.
The great war
Reconstructing the 6th century Byzantine infantry tactics
Livrustkammaren = Journal of the Royal armoury, Stockholm. Band 7, häft. 1-12, 1955-57
"The Korean peninsula during the Cold War provided a cruel but historically unparalleled real-world "experiment" in the relationship between polity and material advance: an ethnically and culturally homogenous nation was, in 1945, suddenly divided by an arbitrary boundary line and then subjected to two radically different and adversarial political economies for successive decades on end. Assessing the competition between the North and South Korean economies from partition to the end of the Soviet era, Nicholas Eberstadt argues that the storyline is not quite as simple as the now-prevailing narrative suggests (that centrally-planned economies are doomed to fail against market-oriented alternatives). Rather, he suggests, the race for material progress was just that: a race, the results of which were far from preordained at the outset. In Policy and Economic Performance in Divided Korea during the Cold War Era: 1945-91, Eberstadt presents an impressive compilation of hard-to-find comparative data on economic performance for the Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK, or North Korea) and the Republic of Korea (ROK, or South Korea) over two critical generations. By a number of indicators, Eberstadt argues, Kim Il Sung's North Korea actually outperformed South Korea for much of this period -- not only in the years immediately following partition, but perhaps also into the 1970s. To explain these surprising results, Eberstadt details the impact of government policies on the course of growth of both economies and offers some unorthodox observations about material performance under these two contending polities. He finds that prevailing economic development theory on such issues as planned-versus-market economies, military burden, and the relationship between material advance and poverty, may require reexamination in light of the experience of the two Koreas between partition and the end of the Cold War." --Back cover.
Jihad : the Ottomans and the allies 1914-1922
Actor and event : military activity in ancient Egyptian narrative texts from Tuthmosis II to Merenptah
Post-communist historians on Ion Antonescu and his authoritarian regime in Romania 1940-1944
Atlas of military strategy 1618-1978
Livrustkammaren = Journal of the Royal armoury, Stockholm. Band 6, häft. 1-12, 1952-54
British soldiers
The beginning of the Cold War as a phenomenon of realpolitik : U.S. Secretary of State James F. Byrnes in the field of power politics 1945 - 1947
The British intervention in South Russia 1918-1920
The Harper encyclopedia of military history : from 3500 B.C. to the present
Gypsies on the roads of war
In Strategy: A History, Sir Lawrence Freedman captures the vast history of strategic thinking, how strategy came to pervade every aspect of our lives. The range of Freedman's narrative is moving from the advanced strategy practiced in primate groups, to the opposing strategies of Achilles and Odysseus in The Iliad, the strategic advice of Sun Tzu and Machiavelli, the great military innovations of Baron Henri de Jomini and Carl von Clausewitz, the grounding of revolutionary strategy in class struggles by Marx, the insights into corporate strategy found in Peter Drucker and Alfred Sloan, and the contributions of the leading social scientists working on strategy today. The core issue at the heart of strategy, the author notes, is whether it is possible to manipulate and shape our environment rather than simply become the victim of forces beyond one's control. Time and again, Freedman demonstrates that the inherent unpredictability of this environment-subject to chance events, the efforts of opponents, the missteps of friends-provides strategy with its challenge and its drama. Armies or corporations or nations rarely move from one predictable state of affairs to another, but instead feel their way through a series of states, each one not quite what was anticipated, requiring a reappraisal of the original strategy, including its ultimate objective. Thus the picture of strategy that emerges in this book is one that is fluid and flexible, governed by the starting point, not the end point.
The last year of the German army : May 1944 - May 1945
Historia renarrata : early Benedictine revisions of the First Crusade
National insurgence movements since 1794
Summaries.
'We ourselves were almost awestruck, not so much at the power of the bomb for this we had expected, but because the Americans had used it with so little notice.' R. V. Jones, head of wartime British scientific intelligence A professor of architecture at Cambridge University, Marcial Echenique, recently became curious when he found wiring concealed under the floorboards of his country mansion, Farm Hall in Godmanchester, Cambridgeshire. The mansion had an astonishing past as an MI6 and M1I9 staging post for some of the most daring secret operations of WWII. But in April, 1945, Farm Hall was to play an even more astounding role, as a 'country club' for ten of Germany's top nuclear physicists after they had been captured in Germany and secretly flown back to England in a daring raid codenamed Operation Big. Every word they uttered was bugged by MI6 eavesdroppers using the wires found by the Professor.
