http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13124 Uralic peoples
Uralic peoples
Congressus octavus internationalis Fenno-Ugristarum, Jyväskylä 10.-15.8.1995. Pars 4, Sessiones sectionum, syntaxis et semantica & contactus linguistici et status hodiernus linguarum & cetera linguistica
Russia takes shape : patterns of integration from the Middle Ages to the present
Uralic nations of Russia : historic development and present condition
How can the Finno-Ugric peoples benefit from the European organizations?
Congressus octavus internationalis Fenno-Ugristarum, Jyväskylä 10.-15.8.1995. Pars 3, Sessiones sectionum, phonologia & morphologia
Studies on mythology and Uralic shamanism
Latin sources on North-Eastern Eurasia. Part 1
Uralic mythology and folklore
Proto-Uralic world picture : a reconstruction
Finno-Ugric ethnicities in Russia : yesterday, today, and tomorrow
Congressus octavus internationalis Fenno-Ugristarum, Jyväskylä 10.-15.8.1995. Pars 8, Oratio plenaria et commentarii & symposia & orationes officiales
Politics, ethnography and prehistory : in search of an 'informed' approach to Finnish and Karelian rock art
Ancient cultures of the Uralian peoples
Congressus nonus internationalis Fenno-Ugristarum, Tartu 7.-13.8.2000.. Programma
Language and the search for identity : M. A. Castrén and the rise of the Uralic concept, 1800-1880
On the roots of the Finnish populations : why is the research into loanwords not sufficient?
Early contacts between Uralic and Indo-European: linguistics and archaeological considerations : papers presented at an international symposium held at the Tvärminne Research Station of the University of Helsinki 8-10 January, 1999
Early contacts between Uralic and Indo-European : linguistic and archaeological considerations : papers presented at an international symposium held at Tvärminne Research Station of the University of Helsinki, 8-10 January, 1999
Eesti kunstiakadeemia kakskümmend soome-ugri uurimisreisi = Estonian Academy of Arts twenty expeditions to the Finno-Ugrians
Congressus octavus internationalis Fenno-Ugristarum, Jyväskylä 10.-15.8.1995. Pars 2, Summaria acroasium in sectionibus et symposiis factarum
Uralic mythologies and shamans
Congressus octavus internationalis Fenno-Ugristarum, Jyväskylä 10.-15.8.1995. Pars 6, Ethnologia & folkloristica
Congressus octavus internationalis Fenno-Ugristarum, Jyväskylä 10.-15.8.1995. Pars 7, Litteratura, Archaeologia & anthropologia
Shamanism and culture
Congressus octavus internationalis Fenno-Ugristarum, Jyväskylä 10.-15.8.1995. Pars 5, Sessiones sectionum, lexicologia & onomastica
Problems of Uralistics : contributions to the 7th International Congress of Finno-Ugrists, Debrecen, August 27 - September 2, 1990 : analytical reviews in two volumes. Vol. 1
Bibliographia studiorum Uralicorum 1917-1987 = Uralistiikan tutkimuksen bibliografia = Bibliography on Uralic studies. I, Arkeologia = Archaeology
Northern religions and shamanism
Historical and linguistic interaction between Inner-Asia and Europe : Proceedings of the 39th permanent International Altaistic Conference (PIAC) Szeged, Hungary: June 16-21, 1996
Development of Mordvin definite conjugation
Uralian - Indo-European contacts : an archaelogical perspective
Shamans and traditions
Congressus nonus internationalis Fenno-Ugristarum, Tartu 7.-13.8.2000.. Pars 1, Orationes plenariae & Orationes publicae
Shamans and gods
Shamanism and northern ecology
Northern European prehistory, from above
Elk, the fast footed : tThiro international moose symposium
The Finno-Ugric World
Latin sources on North-eastern Eurasia. Part 2
Assimilation and its measurement : Finno-Ugrian peoples of Russia
Essay on archaeology and languages in the Western end of the Uralic zone
Materials on Forest Enets, an indigenous language of northern Siberia
Liber semisaecularis Societatis fenno-ugricae
The small indigenous nations of Northern Russia : a guide for researchers = Korennye maločislennye narody Severa i Sibiri : rukovodstvo dlâ issledovatelij
The early history of the Finno-Ugric peoples of European Russia
Commentationes Fenno-Ugricae in honorem Y.H. Toivonen
Problems of Uralistics : contributions to the 7th International Congress of Finno-Ugrists, Debrecen, August 27 - September 2, 1990 : analytical reviews in two volumes. Vol. 2
Handbuch der Orientalistik. 8. Abt., Vol. 1, The Uralic languages : description, history and foreign influences
"With one's ass ahead up into a tree" : the bipolar semantic field of folk religion
Mythic discourses : studies in Uralic traditions
Breakthrough in present-day uralistics
4th World Congress of the Finno-Ugric Peoples, Tallinn, Estonia, August 15-19, 2004 : speeches and documents
The Ural-Altaic Bronze Age as seen by J. R. Aspelin and A. M. Tallgren
On the Uralic original home and proto-language
Bibliographia studiorum Uralicorum 1917-1987 = Uralistiikan tutkimuksen bibliografia = Bibliography on Uralic studies. II, Perinnetieteet = Ethnology and folkloristics
The polar world : a popular description of man and nature in the Arctic and Antarctic regions of the globe
