http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13166 mathematical sciences
mathematical sciences
A mathematical bridge : an intuitive journey in higher mathematics
Nanotechnology applications to telecommunications and networking
Harmonic measures
Springer handbook of nanotechnology
Statistical analysis and modelling of spatial point patterns
Mathematical tools for understanding infectious disease dynamics
Yhä korkeammalle : matemaattis-luonnontieteellisen tiedekunnan tavoiteohjelma 2013-2016 = Allt högre : matematisk-naturvetenskapliga fakultetens målprogram 2013-2016 = Higher and higher : Faculty of Science target programme 2013-2016
American journal of mathematical and management sciences
Asymptotics and dynamics in first-passage and continuum percolation
Knowledge for sustainable development : an insight into the Encyclopedia of life support systems. Vol. 1.
Introduction to Bayesian statistics
Basic modern mathematics : first course
Statistical and mathematical methodologies are usually perceived by people working in food science as complex and difficult subjects, and most food scientists and professionals receive limited instruction in them. This hinders the implementation of statistical and mathematical methodologies in food science and limits the usability and application of these techniques for research that contains a large quantity of complex data. These statistical techniques are necessary for the development and evaluation of food products and processes. They are also important for studying mechanisms underlying different phenomena that may affect product quality or the unit operations in food development. Mathematical and Statistical Methods in Food Science and Technology offers accessible and practical information, suitable for readers across a range of knowledge levels and food-related disciplines, for applying statistical and mathematical technologies in food science. The book's, focus is on the application of complex methodologies which have been recently introduced in the field (managing physicochemical, chemical, theological, nutritional, and sensory data) and have proven to be extremely useful in characterizing new products and processes in the food industries. Theoretical explanations, practical examples and case studies ensure that this is an easy-to-follow and comprehensive text, not just a theoretical guide for non-statisticians. It will therefore be of value to all food science professionals with varying degrees of statistical skill, as well as researchers, undergraduate and graduate students. Book jacket.
How to solve mathematical problems
Research in Finland : a history
Companion encyclopedia of the history and philosophy of the mathematical sciences. Volume 1
Nanotechnology for dummies
Van Nostrand's scientific encyclopedia. Vol. 1
Beyond reason : eight great problems that reveal the limits of science
Evaluation of Finnish mathematics : report of the evaluation panel
Formal power analysis of systems-on-chip
Mathematics education research in Finland : yearbook. 1989-90
McGraw-Hill dictionary of scientific and technical terms
The history of mathematics in Finland 1828-1918
Diversity in mathematics education : towards inclusive practices
The Norton history of the mathematical sciences : the rainbow of mathematics
Mathematics
Introduction to nanotechnology
Companion encyclopedia of the history and philosophy of the mathematical sciences. Vol. 2
PISA06 Finland : analyses, reflections and explanations
Nordic Presentations : proceedings of the section Nordic Presentations at ICME-10, July 12, 2004 in Copenhagen (Denmark)
Mathematics as an educational task
Van Nostrand's scientific encyclopedia. Vol. 2
Modelling of conditional variance and uncertainty using industrial process data
Handbook of nanoscience, engineering, and technology
Social competence and loneliness during the school years : issues in assessment, interrelations and intergenerational transmission
Van Nostrand's scientific encyclopedia
Visualization of fields and applications in engineering
Bol'šoj anglo-russkij politehničeskij slovar' : v treh tomah : svyše 600 000 terminov = Comprehensive English-Russian scientific and technical dictionary : in 3 volumes : over 600 000 terms. Tom 3, [Q-Z]
Mathematical physics : a modern introduction to its foundations
Teaching the majority : breaking the gender barrier in science, mathematics and engineering
Schaum's outline of theory and problems of set theory and related topics
Encounter with mathematics
Knowledge for sustainable development : an insight into the Encyclopedia of Life Support Systems
Schaum's outline of theory and problems of first year college mathematics
Frontiers of sociology
Bol'šoj anglo-russkij politehničeskij slovar' : v treh tomah : svyše 600 000 terminov = Comprehensive English-Russian scientific and technical dictionary : in 3 volumes : over 600 000 terms. Tom 2, [G-P]
General topology
Formalized mathematics
Hyperbolic type metrics and distortion of quasiconformal mappings
An introduction to the history of mathematics
Problem solving in mathematics education : proceedings of an International Symposium in September 2006
Data analysis using regression and multilevel/hierarchical models
Mathematical and statistical methods in food science and technology
How to solve problems : elements of a theory of problems and problem solving
Mathematics education research in Finland : yearbook 1989-90
Supplement to Calculus
Schaum's outline of theory and problems of differential and integral calculus in SI metric units
Problem solving in mathematics education : proceedings of the 10th ProMath conference, August 28-31, 2008 in Vaasa
Dynamics of complex systems
Theory and problems of advanced calculus : SI (metric) edition
Examples and problems in mathematical statistics
Problem solving in mathematics education : proceedings of the ProMath meeting June 30 - July 2, 2004, in Lahti
The Finnish graduate survey 1997 : monitoring the leaders of tomorrow. [Rengaskansio]
Mathematics inspired by Darwin : adaptive dynamics of dispersal and cooperation
The Finnish graduate survey 1997 : monitoring the leaders of tomorrow. Executive summary
Percolation : Inference and applications in hydrology
Mathematics education research in Finland : yearbook. 1992-1993, Constructivist and curriculum issues in school mathematics education
Mathematical thought from ancient to modern times
Nanotechnology : basic science and emerging technologies
In the calculation of economic aggregates it is often necessary to compute the value of these aggregates in some relevant subgroups as well as for the whole data. A method of calculation is said to be consistent in aggregation if it gives the same result regardless of whether it is applied directly to the whole data or to subaggregates calculated using the same method. The property has been well studied, yet a satisfactory general definition has been lacking. In this paper a definition of consistency in aggregation is given for a general class of aggregation rules. We show that any aggregation method satisfying this definition has a representation based on a commutative semigroup operation. Also, as an application we use algebraic methods to derive certain properties of index numbers satisfying consistency in aggregation. In particular, we show that any such index number formula is in fact a generalized weighted mean.
Data Analysis Using Regression and Multilevel/Hierarchical Models is a comprehensive manual for the applied researcher who wants to perform data analysis using linear and nonlinear regression and multilevel models. The book introduces a wide variety of models, whilst at the same time instructing the reader in how to fit these models using available software packages. The book illustrates the concepts by working through scores of real data examples that have arisen from the authors' own applied research, with programming codes provided for each one. Topics covered include causal inference, including regression, poststratification, matching, regression discontinuity, and instrumental variables, as well as multilevel logistic regression and missing-data imputation. Practical tips regarding building, fitting, and understanding are provided throughout.
Medieval and classical traditions and the Renaissance of physico-mathematical sciences in the 16th century
Proceedings of the 3rd International Conference on Topological Algebra and Applications, Oulu 2-6 July, 2001
Bol'šoj anglo-russkij politehničeskij slovar' = Comprehensive English-Russian scientific and technical dictionary
Asymptotic analysis of hedging errors induced by discrete time hedging
Science learning, science teaching
Nanotechnology : basic calculations for engineers and scientists
Computational chemistry : a practical guide for applying techniques to real world problems
Consistency in aggregation, quasilinear means and index numbers
The Cambridge history of science. Vol. 5, The modern physical and mathematical sciences
Adaptive dynamics of resource specialization
Constructivist and curriculum issues in school mathematics education : mathematics education research in Finland : yearbook 1992-1993
Mathematics and its applications to science and natural philosophy in the Middle Ages : essays in honor of Marshall Clagett
Nanotechnology for dummies(R)
Knowledge for sustainable development : an insight into the Encyclopedia of life support systems. Vol. 2.
Spontaneous focusing on numerosity in the development of early mathematical skills
Basic mathematics for economists
Handbook of Monte Carlo methods
Euclid : the creation of mathematics
Challenging the school mathematics culture : an investigative small-group approach : ethnographic teacher research on social and sociomathematical norms
