http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13134 capital punishment
capital punishment
Against the death penalty : international initiatives and implications
Death penalty as a violation against the right to life and the protection against torture or other cruel, inhuman and degrading treatment or punishment
A name in blood
Violence and the law
International forum of contemporary criminal law. 1, Collected papers
Punishment as societal defense
EU annual report on human rights 2008
Capital punishment : strategies for abolition
A Lutheran plague : murdering to die in the eighteenth century
A history of the guillotine
Histories of crime : Britain 1600-2000
States of violence : war, capital punishment, and letting die
Protocol no. 6 to the convention for the protection of human rights and fundamental freedoms concerning the abolition of the death penalty = Protocole no. 6 á la convention de sauvegarde des droits de l'homme et des libertés foundamentales concernaut l'abolition de la peine de mort
No rest for the dead
The outsider
The fall of the Imam
Capital punishment : criminal law and social evolution
This book is about decisions. Not the everyday kind such as "What should I wear today?" or "Where shall we eat tonight?" but decisions that deal with life, death, and protecting the innocent. Self defense is not only about individual survival; self defense can also decide the fate of a nation and all its citizens. "A Time to Kill: The Myth of Christian Pacifism" answers questions such as: Do federal, state, and local laws allow citizens to defend themselves against criminal attack? What means are available for self defense? What strategies should one use to avoid potential conflict. Can Christians defend themselves against Islamic extremists? Is pacifism in the Bible? Do the Gospels say Jesus was a pacifist? What if God commands us to use deadly force to defend the innocent? How do Jesus and the New Testament writers feel about the military? What does the Bible say about the death penalty? Can Christians sit on juries and vote for the death penalty? Can Jesus' teachings help soldiers with combat-induced PTSD? Does the Bible have a consistent message about self-defense from the Old Testament to the New?”
Cell 2455, death row
Rites of execution : capital punishment and the transformation of American culture, 1776 - 1865
Death by a thousand cuts
Guillotine : the timbers of justice
The execution protocol
The role of the jury in capital trials
The green mile
A stranger is watching
The execution of Noa P. Singleton : a novel
Caso de la "Panel Blanca" (Caso Paniagua Morales y otros), reparaciones (art. 63.1 de la Convención Americana sobre Derechos Humanos), sentencia de 25 de mayo de 2001 = The "white van" case (Paniagua Morales et al. case), reparations (art. 63(1) of the American Convention on Human Rights), judgment of May 25, 2001.
Change in official Catholic moral teaching
Capital and corporal punishment in Anglo-Saxon England
Execution and invention : death penalty discourse in early Rabbinic and Christian cultures
Commission on Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice, fifth session, Vienna, 21-31 May 1996 : provisional agenda. Item 7, United Nations standards and norms in the field of crime prevention and criminal justice : capital punishment and implementation of the safeguards guaranteering the protection of the rights of those facing the death penalty
The penalty of death
The execution of Private Slovik
Lebensschutz im Strafrecht = The protection of life in criminal law
The death penalty : criminological perspectives
Women and the death penalty in the United States, 1900-1998
The abolition of the death penalty in international law
The death penalty : a world-wide perspective
Punishment : a philosophy & public affairs reader
The death row phenomen : comparative analysis
Capital punishment and Roman Catholic moral tradition
Against the death penalty : the relentless dissents of justices Brennan and Marshall
Hanging between heaven and earth : capital crime, execution preaching, and theology in early New England
The Chamber
The death penalty : an American history
Peculiar institution : America's death penalty in an age of abolition
The contradictions of American capital punishment
The death penalty : beyond abolition
Invitation to a beheading
The abuse of medicine and psychiatry in treatment of detained persons
The ethics of law enforcement and criminal punishment
Amnesty International report : 1999.
Vernon God Little : a 21st century comedy in the presence of death
Understanding local autonomy in Judaea between 6 and 66 CE
"Debate has long been waged over the morality of capital punishment, with standard arguments in its favor, grounded in the values of retribution or deterrence, being marshalled against familiar arguments against the practice. In The Ethics of Capital Punishment, Matthew Kramer takes a fresh look at the philosophical arguments on which the system of state execution should stand or fall, and develops a novel, controversial argument in its justification. The book pursues both a project of critical debunking of the familiar rationales for capital punishment and a project of partial vindication. The critical part presents an accessible and engaging critique of major arguments that have been offered - from the deterrence of future wrongdoing to the justice of retributory killing - arguing that they all fail to justify current practices of state execution. These chapters, suitable for use in teaching courses on the death penalty, offer a valuable restatement of the current debates over the morality capital punishment. The book then presents an original justification for the death penalty, one that is free-standing rather than an aspect or offshoot of a general theory of punishment. Its purgative rationale, which has not heretofore been propounded in any contemporary philosophical and practical debates over the death penalty, derives from a philosophical reconception of the nature of evil and the nature of defilement. As the book contributes to philosophical discussions of those phenomena, it also contributes importantly to general normative ethics with sustained reflections on the differences between consequentialist approaches to punishment and deontological approaches. Above all, the volume contributes to the philosophy of criminal law with a fresh rationale for the use of the death penalty and with probing assessments of all the major theories of punishment that have been broached by jurists and philosophers for centuries. Although the book is a work of philosophy, it is readily accessible to readers who have not studied philosophy. It will stir both philosophers and anyone engaged with the death penalty to reconsider whether the institution of capital punishment can be an appropriate response to extreme evil".
Dead men walking : true stories of the most evil men an women on Death Row
The hanging tree : execution and the English people 1770-1868
Without sanctuary : lynching photography in America
The top ten death penalty myths : the politics of crime control
Justice in the shadow of death : rethinking capital and lesser punishments
Why Socrates died : dispelling the myths
EU-China human rights dialogue : proceedings of the second EU-China legal expert seminar held in Beijing on 19 and 20 october 1998
The spectacle of suffering : executions and the evolution of repression : from a preindustrial metropolis to the European experience
When the state kills... : the death penalty v. human rights
The death penalty in European countries : report
Death penalties : the Supreme Court's obstacle course
Seeing justice done : the age of spectacular capital punishment in France
Caso Benjamin y otros : excepciones preliminares, sentencia de 1 de septiembre de 2001 = Benjamin et al. case : preliminary objections, judgment of September 1, 2001
Philosophy of law
The crusade against capital punishment in Great Britain
Human rights and death penalty in China : from international trend to national transformation
Native son
On the sacral origin of the Germanic death penalties
The executioner's song
The paperboy
Only judgment : the limits of litigation in social change
The politics of law and stability in China
The last gasp : the rise and fall of the American gas chamber
Caso Constantine y otros : excepciones preliminares, sentencia de 1 de septiembre de 2001 = Constantine et al. case : prelliminary objections, judgment of September 1, 2001
Capital punishment : issues and perspectives
Capital punishment in Finland during World War 2.
Explanatory report on protocol No. 6 to the Convention for the protection of human rights and fundamental freedoms concerning the abolition of the death penalty
Determinants of the death penalty : a comparative study of the world
Guidelines for the conduct of United Nations inquiries into allegations of massacres
The crying tree
The ethics of capital punishment : a philosophical investigation of evil and its consequences
The possession at Loudun
Is the death penalty an inhuman punishment?
Revue internationale de droit penal : la peine de mort = the death penalty
Once a jolly hangman : Singapore justice in the dock
Texas death row
Rituals of retribution : capital punishment in Germany, 1600-1987
Torture and cruel, inhuman or degrading treatment or punishment in relation to the death penalty
A time to kill : the myth of christian pacifism
The confession
Conviction
Injustice : life and death in the courtrooms of America
Behind the worlds - death row statements : speech act analysis and the establishment of a new genre of forensic texts
We are your sons : the legacy of Ethel and Julius Rosenberg
The Bible now
Choosing mercy : a mother of murder victims pleads to end the death penalty
Applied ethics : a non-consequentialist approach
Machinery of death : the reality of America's death penalty regime
The right to life / the right to die : the rights, their interrelationship and the jurisprudential problems
Civil liberties in China
Dead woman walking : executed women in England and Wales 1900-1955
Crime & justice in American history : historical articles on the origins and evolution of American criminal justice. 10, Reform
The innocent
The death penalty : a worldwide perspective
The London hanged : crime and civil society in the eighteenth century
The death penalty. Volume I
Social ethics : morality and social policy
Death and disgrace : capital penalties with post mortem sanctions in early Roman historiography
The Lithuanian policy on death penalty
Humans, in-humans and capital punishment in Russia : window on the normative architecture of state and society
The death penalty : a world-wide perspective : a report to the United Nations Committee on Crime Prevention and Control
The vagrants
Choosing life : a dialogue on Evangelium vitae
The death penalty : abolition in Europe
The death penalty
Newes from the Dead : being a true story of Anne Green : hanged for infanticide at Oxford Assizes in 1650, restored to the world and died again 1665
Moral theory and capital punishment
Blasphemy : a memoir : sentenced to death over a cup of water
The executed God : the way of the cross in lockdown America
The penalty in Japan : report of an Amnesty International mission to Japan 21 February-3 March 1983.
Dead man walking : an eyewitness account of the death penalty in the United States
Life after death : eighteen years on death row
Capital punishment in the twentieth century
