http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p131 psychological strain
psychological strain
Stress, health, and the social environment : a sociobiologic approach to medicine
The shallows : what Internet is doing to our brains
Diagnosing burn-out : an anthropological study of a social concept in Sweden
Workplace safety
9th Psychiatric Summer School : how stress influences musculoskeletal disorders : 21.8. - 22.8.2008
"Mental toughness measures how effectively individuals respond to stress, pressure, and challenges. Understanding this concept is essential to improving performance for both the individual and organization, and authors Peter Clough and Doug Strycharczyk explain mental toughness clearly and effectively. This new updated edition includes greater coverage of how mental toughness relates to other behaviors and can be applied to leadership, creativity, emotional intelligence, and motivation. It also looks at applications in employability and entrepreneurship, and expands its coverage of coaching for mental toughness. "--
Stress in turbulent times
Auditory cognition and human performance : research and applications
Treating compassion fatigue
Heart rate variability in chronic and acute stress : with special reference to nocturnal sleep and acute challenges after awakening
Introduction to psychoneuroimmunology
The sense of life control and thoughts of early retirement
Mental workload : research on computer-aided design work and on the implementation of office automation
Work stress and early atherosclerosis : do genetic background and pre-employment risk factors explain conflicting findings?
Koneiden turvallisuus. Osa 7, Ergonomiset periaatteet, henkinen työkuormitus = Safety of machinery. Part 7, Ergonomic principles, mental workload
Physiological and psychological responses to 100 km cross-country skiing during 2 days
Overcoming stress : a self-help guide using cognitive behavioral techniques
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Handbook of human factors and ergonomics methods
How to define and research stress
How to deal with stress
Stress and the family. Vol. 1, Coping with normative transitions
Modeling the stress-strain relationship in work settings
Teach yourself : managing stress
Teacher stress as a longitudinal process
"How people acquire and process information has been a fundamental question in psychology since its inception. Cognitive science has devoted much effort to addressing the question, but typically in the domain of vision. Auditory processing has generally received less extensive inquiry, whether in basic perceptual or cognitive psychology or in applied areas such as human factors. Moreover, even within the field of audition, higher-order auditory processes have received less study than such lower-level processes as loudness and pitch perception (Bregman, 1990; Plomp, 2002). Yet over the past two decades there has been a growing base of empirical research on auditory cognition and its role in human performance at work and in everyday life. I describe this work in this book. The notion that listening requires attention and that it can at times be a difficult undertaking is well known to the elementary school teacher. Less well appreciated is the effort that we adults must put forth to comprehend auditory information in our everyday lives. Auditory processing relies on mechanisms of the brain as well as the ear. Describing the mental effort involved in these interacting mechanisms is the primary purpose of this book"--Provided by publisher.
Koneiden turvallisuus = Safety of machinery. Osa 4 = Part 4, Ergonomiset periaatteet, mitoituksen suunnittelu, henkinen työkuormitus = Ergonomic principles, antropometric dimensioning, mental workload
Teacher stress over a school year
Psychological distress in dyspepsia
Distracted : the erosion of attention and the coming Dark Age
Reflections on information glut and other issues in knowledge productivity
Non-market outcomes of education : the long-term impact of education on individuals' social participation and health in Sweden
The burnout companion to study and practice : a critical analysis
Psychological consequences of cancer from the salutogenic and dyadic perspective
Work-life balance : a psychological perspective
Radio speech communication and workload in military aviation : a human factors perspective
Stress and the family. Vol. 2, Coping with catastrophe
Job stress and mental symptoms in forestry occupations
Hero or coward : pressures facing the soldier in battle
Trauma and health : physical health consequences of exposure to extreme stress
Is there a task switching cost in a complex cognitive task?
Appraisals of education-related goals during educational transitions in late adolescence : consequences for academic well-being and goal attainment
A thesis on fire : Studies of work engagement, Type A behavior and burnout
Mental Well-being at Work : A Sign of a Healthy Organisation and a Necessary Precondition for Organisational Development
Health is maintained by the coordinated operation of all the biological systems that make up the individual. The Introduction to Psychoneuroimmunology, 2/e presents an overview of what has been discovered by scientists regarding how bodily systems respond to environmental challenges and intercommunicate to sustain health. The book touches on the main findings from the current literature without being overly technical and complex. The result is a comprehensive overview of psychoneuroimmunology, which avoids oversimplification, but does not overwhelm the reader. This title is single authored for consistency of breadth and depth, with no redundancy of coverage between chapters. It covers endocrine-immune modulation, neuro-immune modulation, and the enhancing or inhibiting processes of one or more systems on the others. It features expanded use of figures, tables, and text boxes.
Work-related well-being among Finnish frontline social workers in an age of austerity
Stress and emotion : a new synthesis
Developing mental toughness : coaching strategies to improve performance, resilience and wellbeing
Stress, coping from stress and well-being among Nepalese male students in Kokkola
The audition process : anxiety management and coping strategies
How stress influences musculoskeletal disorders : 9th Physiatric Summer School, 21.8. - 22.8.2008
World-wide work stress : multi-case study of the stress-coping process in distributed work
Well stressed : how you can manage stress before it turns toxic
Mental health of expatriates in Finnish enterprises in Brazil
Caring for ourselves : a therapist's guide to personal and professional well-being
Performing under pressure : the science of doing your best when it matters most
Beyond burnout : helping teachers, nurses, therapists, and lawyers recover from stress and disillusionment
From infoglut to knowledge creation : challenges of knowledge-intensive work and innovations
Stress in life and at work
An infant with food allergy and eczema in the family : the mental and economic burden of caring
Managing people during stressful times : the psychologically defensive workplace
Self-reg : how to help your child (and you) break the stress cycle and successfully engage with life
Psychological stress : issues in research
Learning from burnout : developing sustainable leaders and avoiding career derailment
Work stress in the nursing profession : an evaluation of organizational causal attribution
Virtues that work : ethical organisational culture as a context for occupational well-being and personal work goals
Developing neurophysiological metrics for the assessment of mental workload and the functional state of the brain
Stress & health : biological and psychological interactions
Mental workload and its effects on work-life balance : a case study
Support for women with breast cancer, and for the district and hospital nurses involved : an intervention study
Compassion fatigue and burnout in nursing : enhancing professional quality of life
Evaluation of bridge teammates' mental workload for simulator-based training using physiological indices : IAMU 2014 Research Project : (No. 20140401)
Psychological task analysis, design and training in computerized technologies : working papers of Dresden-Otaniemi workshop
Police officer stress awareness and management : a handbook for practitioners
Organizational risk factors for job stress
The truth about burnout : how organizations cause personal stress and what to do about it
The psychology of terrorism fears
"Although auditory tasks are important and well recognized, the mental workload associated with auditory processing has received relatively little attention. New and improved neurophysiological methods of examining auditory processing have opened new ways for understanding the relationship between auditory processing and mental workload. Auditory Processing and Mental Workloads brings together for the first time a thorough examination of the information processing demands of auditory signals and provides extensive coverage of topical areas including audition in human factors research, cognitive aspects of auditory processing related to attention, and the impact of advanced auditory displays"--Provided by publisher.
Culture shock : psychological reactions to unfamiliar environments
Stress, self-esteem, health and work
Burnout at work : a psychological perspective
"Mental toughness is about how effectively individuals respond to stress, pressure and challenge. It is rooted in the notion of resilience but moves beyond this by being highly applicable and measurable. Understanding this concept is essential to improving performance for both the individual and organization, and this ground-breaking book explains mental toughness clearly and effectively. Tracing its development from sports psychology into the world of business, health and education, Developing Mental Toughness was the first book to look at applications at the organizational level and to provide a reliable psychometric measure. The new edition includes greater coverage of how mental toughness relates to other behaviours and can be applied to leadership, creativity, emotional intelligence, and motivation. It also looks at its applications in employability and entrepreneurship, and there will be expanded coverage of coaching for mental toughness. Written for anyone coaching individuals and teams for improved performance, the book contains practical guidance and techniques, exercises, case studies and the Mental Toughness self-assessment tool"--
Work-family interface and psychological well-being : a personality and longitudinal perspective
Risky business : psychological, physical and financial costs of high risk behavior in organizations
Stress and the perception of control
Managing workplace stress : a best practice blueprint
Stress at work : management and prevention
Understanding psychology
Surviving the workplace : a guide to emotional well-being
