http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13167 deficiencies
deficiencies shortages
Molecular evolution of metazoan hypoxia-inducible factors
Regional policy objectives in the Nordic countries
GTO : great teacher Onizuka. Vol. 8
GTO. Vol. 10 / [translator & English adaptation Dan Papia] : great teacher Onizuka
What happens when bio-terrorism becomes a tool for corporate profits? And what happens when this forces humanity to the cusp of post-human evolution? This is a tale of Bangkok struggling for survival in a post-oil era of rising sea levels and out-of-control mutation / Library off Congress.
Predictors of brain injury after experimental hypothermic circulatory arrest : an experimental study using a chronic porcine mode
Oracle night
A brief survey concerning Public Libraries in Northern Norway
Intrapartum hypoxia and power spectral analysis of fetal heart rate variability
Managing blue gold : new perspectives on water security in the levantine Middle East
Tomographic image reconstruction with incomplete projection data
Peripheral hypoxia and autonomic responses in restless legs syndrome
GTO. Vol. 4 / [translator: Dan Papia] : great teacher Onizuka
Hypoxia-inducible factor prolyl 4-hydroxylase-2 in Tibetan high-altitude adaptation, extramedullary erythropoiesis and skeletal muscle ischemia
Dismantling contemporary deficit thinking : educational thought and practice
GTO. Vol. 1 / [translator: Dan Papia] ; [English adaptation: Santiago Hernandez, Jr.] : great teacher Onizuka
Fetal and placental haemodynamic responses to hypoxaemia, maternal hypotension and vasopressor therapy in a chronic sheep model
Effects of chronic hypoxia on myocardial gene expression and function
The five horsemen of the modern world : climate, food, water, disease, and obesity
Recordkeeping and missing "Native estate" records in Namibia : an investigation of colonial gaps in a post-colonial national archive
Adequate oxygen supply is necessary for aerobic cell survival. Cellular oxygen deprivation, also known as hypoxia, leads to various responses that aim to increase cellular oxygen delivery and reduce oxygen consumption. Oxygen homeostasis is mainly regulated by the hypoxia-inducible factor (HIF), which regulates the expression of over 300 genes in response to hypoxia. The stability of HIF is regulated by the HIF prolyl 4-hydroxylases (HIF-P4Hs), enzymes that catalyze the hydroxylation of proline residues in HIFα subunits and target them towards proteasomal degradation. HIF-P4Hs require oxygen as a cosubstrate for the reaction, allowing for hypoxic HIF stabilization and target gene induction at low oxygen concentrations.In this study we investigated the role of HIF-P4H-2 in the regulation of red blood cell production, erythropoiesis. We showed that Tibetans living at high altitude have genetically adapted to their hypoxic environment via mutations in the gene encoding for HIF-P4H-2. The Tibetan HIF-P4H-2 D4E,C127S variant showed enhanced hydroxylation of HIFα at low oxygen concentrations, resulting in reduced HIFα protein stabilization under hypoxia.In other studies we used a genetically modified HIF-P4H-2 hypomorphic mouse line which expresses a reduced amount of wild-type Hif-p4h-2 mRNA in tissues. We showed that these mice develop mild age-dependent erythrocytosis due to splenic extramedullary erythropoiesis, which is independent of serum erythropoietin concentration. In addition, these mice were protected against inflammation-induced anemia, a condition commonly seen in patients with inflammatory diseases. The HIF-P4H-2 hypomorphic mice also had altered basal metabolism in their skeletal muscles, which, together with an increase in mean capillary area, reduced their infarct size after skeletal muscle ischemia-reperfusion injury.These studies suggest that pharmacological HIF-P4H-2 inhibition may provide a novel treatment for EPO-resistant anemias and peripheral artery disease.
Phenotypic and genotypic features of familial hypodontia
DataClean 2002 - Abstracts : A conference for dealing with erroneous and missing data, 29th-31st May 2002, Jyväskylä, Finland
Governing the blue-green Baltic Sea : societal challenges of marine eutrophication prevention
Evaluation : The Finnish development cooperation in the water sector
Raising parents : attachment, parenting and child safety
Amputations for critical leg ischaemia : vascular prevention and outcome
Acute mountain sickness : prediction and treatment during climbing expeditions
Fifty shades darker
Oracle Night
Scarcity : why having too little means so much
Enzymes involved in hypoxia response : characterization of the in vivo role of HIF-P4H-2 in mouse heart, of a novel P4H in human and zebrafish and of the catalytic properties of FIH
Woolly
GTO. Vol. 9 / [translator & English adaptation: Dan Papia] : great teacher Onizuka
Noise channels : glitch and error in digital culture
Florence
Dallas Buyers Club
Design disasters : great designers, fabulous failures, and lessons learned
Methods for improving neurological recovery after hypothermic circulatory arrest : fructose-1,6-bisphosphate and hypertonic saline dextran in a surviving porcine model
Hypoxic ventilatory chemosensitivity and cerebral and muscle deoxygenation responses to exercise in acute hypoxia before and after a 2-month climbing expedition on Mt. Everest
GTO : great teacher Onizuka. Vol. 4
Miriam : daughter of Finnish immigrants
The gifts of imperfection : Let go of who you think you're supposed to be and embrace who you are
Remote ischemic preconditioning as a means to protect the brain against hypothermic circulatory arrest : an experimental study on piglets
The role of endogenous protein antioxidants in neuronal adaptation to hypobaric hypoxia
Managing blue gold : new perspectives on water security in the Levantine Middle East
GTO : great teacher Onizuka. Vol. 6
The atlas of water : mapping the world's most critical resource
Neurotransmitter Interactions and Cognitive Function
GTO. Vol. 6 / [translator: Dan Papia] : great teacher Onizuka
The spring of Kasper Meier
Library problems in Finland's northern and northeastern developing regions
GTO : great teacher Onizuka. Vol. 2
GTO : great teacher Onizuka. Vol. 3
GTO : great teacher Onizuka. Vol. 5
Adjuncts to improve neurological outcome following hypothermic circulatory arrest : an experimental study using a chronic porcine model
Effects of environmental variations in Escherichia coli fermentations
GTO : great teacher Onizuka. Vol. 1
In The Gifts of Imperfection, Brené Brown, a leading expert on shame, authenticity, and belonging, shares ten guideposts on the power of Wholehearted living--a way of engaging with the world from a place of worthiness.
Nutritional diagnosis of Norway spruce stands growing on drained peatlands using foliar analysis
Another day in the death of America
Holocene sedimentary environment and sediment geochemistry of the Eastern Gulf of Finland, Baltic Sea
Approaches to improving brain protection in cardiac and aortic surgery : an experimental study in a porcine model with hypertonic saline dextran, levosimendan, leukocyte depleting filter and different acid base management strategies
Greeks had a word for it : Words you never knew you can't do without
Hypoxic ventilatory chemosensitivity, and cerebral and muscle deoxygenation responses to exercise in acute hypoxia before and after a 2-month climbing expedition on Mt. Everest
Neural networks for heart rate time series analysis
Someone has to fail : the zero-sum game of public schooling
This book brings together novel work on the semantics and pragmatics of certain indefinite expressions that also convey modality. These epistemic indefinites are determiners or pronouns that signal ignorance on the part of the speaker, such as German irgendein and Spanish algun: the sentence Maria se caso con algun medico ('Maria married some doctor or other') both makes an existential statement that there is a doctor that Maria married and signals the speaker's inability or unwillingness to identify the doctor in question. Although epistemic indefinites have featured in recent semantic literature, a full understanding of the phenomenon is still lacking: there is currently no agreement on the source of their epistemic component; there is insufficient cross-linguistic data to develop a semantic typology of these items; and the parallelisms and differences between epistemic indefinites and other expressions that convey epistemic modality have not been explored in depth. In this volume, a team of experts in the field offer novel empirical observations and important theoretical insights on epistemic indefinites and related topics such as modal free relatives, modified numerals, and epistemic modals. They provide a coherent overview of the issues that shape the subject as well as placing them in the context of current semantic research, moving towards the development of a semantic typology of epistemic indefinites that explores the place of these expressions within a general typology of modal items.
GTO : great teacher Onizuka. Vol. 9
Globalisation under threat : the stability of trade policy and multilateral agreements
Waterlogging signalling and tolerance in plants
Intracellular calcium, preconditioning and regulation of cellular respiration in heart
GTO. Vol. 3 / [translator: Dan Papia] : great teacher Onizuka
Epistemic indefinites : exploring modality beyond the verbal domain
Leningrad : tragedy of a city under siege, 1941-44
Dallas byers club
Hypoxia
Mechanisms of birth asphyxia and a novel resuscitation strategy
Oxidant effects on cultured cells of neural origin
Equilibrium unemployment with outsourcing and wage solidarity under labour market imperfections
Discrepancies and adequacies in the work market and educational services in Utsjoki
The windup girl
GTO : great teacher Onizuka. Vol. 10
Therapeutic hypothermia after cardiac arrest : studies on neurological and cardiological outcome and prediction of outcome in hypothermia-treated patients resuscitated from out-of-hospital cardiac arrest
A host of neurotransmitters and neuroactive substances underlies respiratory regulation in health and disease. The centerpiece of investigations regarding adaptation to hypoxia and sensorial perception has been the dopaminergic system. It is now clear that a complex interaction among various neuroactive substances, rather than a single one, forms the basis of respiratory changes. The research on neurotransmitter interactions provides the knowledge of how the brain functions and a new level of understanding of mind-to-body connection, which opens up avenues for novel therapeutic interventions.
Ischemia-reperfusion injury in human liver transplantation : mechanisms and effects on graft function
Disturbance and ecosystem functioning : the role of changes in benthic biological traits
Resuscitation of the newborn : a practical approach
GTO : great teacher Onizuka. Vol. 7
