http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13131 counter-reformation
counter-reformation
Rome and the counter-reformation in Scandinavia. [4], The age of Gustavus Adolphus and Queen Christina of Sweden, 1622-1656
The theology of John Fisher
Women and the Counter-Reformation in early modern Münster
The division of Christendom : Christianity in the sixteenth century
Underlying the religious art of the Renaissance is a tension between the needs of the Church and the impulse to create great works. This beautifully illustrated book presents sacred images from the 15th and 16th centuries, leading up to two pivotal events in 1563. The Council of Trent, which signified the beginning of the Counter-Reformation, defined requirements that curtailed the freedom of painters and patrons in creating art for churches, while the founding of the Accademia del Disegno in Florence symbolically acknowledged that artists had achieved the status of creators not craftsmen. Marcia Hall takes a fresh look at some of the greatest painters of the Italian Renaissance not typically associated with sacred imagery and shows how they navigated their way through the paradox of 'limited freedom' to forge a new kind of religious art.
Law, medicine, and engineering in the cult of the saints in counter-Reformation Rome : the hagiographical works of Antonio Gallonio, 1556-1605
The Popish plot was an alleged Catholic conspiracy to assassinate Charles II and re-introduce the Catholic faith to England. Despite it being a fiction, belief in the plot became widespread and many innocent Catholics were sent to their deaths. Moving away from the focus of recent histories of the plot, which remain predominately in the realms of parliamentary discussion, courts of law and the councils of the King, this volume considers how details of the plot circulated more broadly. It investigates the many media used, primarily print, but also manuscript and word of mouth, for instance in books, pamphlets, newspapers, and ballads. The most prolific commentator on the Popish plot was Roger L'Estrange, the press censor during the reigns of Charles II and James II. L'Estrange was interested in the working of the London book trade at this time, and as one who did not believe there was a Popish plot, wrote prolifically in order publicly to cast doubt upon it. L'Estrange's writings provide us with valuable insights into the production, dissemination, and reception of political opinion in this period. Drawing on the latest insights of literary studies, political history, and the history of the book and reading this volume will further understanding in how belief in such an extraordinary plot took hold amongst so many.
From Rome to eternity : Catholicism and the arts in Italy, ca. 1550-1650
Rock and sand : an orthodox appraisal of the Protestant Reformers and their teachings
Ubi est unitas? : the Latin letters from Johannes Annorelius, a Swedish Catholic convert, to his brother : a critical edition with an introduction
Teresa of Avila and the politics of sanctity
Lorenzo Belo's eulogy of Rome : an epigraphical document of the spirit of the counter reformation
Exporting the Catholic reformation : local religion in early-colonial Mexico
Early modern European civilization and its political and cultural dynamism
The foundations of early modern Europe, 1460-1559
The horrid Popish plot : Roger L'Estrange and the circulation of political discourse in late seventeenth-century London
Sensuous worship : Jesuits and the art of the early Catholic Reformation in Germany
The quest for compromise : peacemakers in Counter-Reformation Vienna
Heresy and orthodoxy in sixteenth-century Paris : François Le Picart and the beginnings of the Catholic Reformation
The catholic reformation : Savonarola to Ignatius Loyola
The reform of Catholicism, 1480-1620
Hillman presents a fascinating account of the role that women played during the Catholic Reformation in France. Using probate inventories from aristocratic residences and private correspondence, she reconstructs the devotional practices of a network of powerful women showing how they reconciled Catholic piety with their roles as part of an aristocratic elite. This challenges the view that the Catholic Reformation was an exclusively male concern. It will be of interest to those researching the history of early modern devotional culture, the Catholic/Counter Reformation and early modern European elites.
Liturgy, sanctity, and history in Tridentine Italy : Pietro Maria Campi and the preservation of the particular
Sinners on trial : jews and sacrilege after the reformation
Art and faith in tridentine Spain (1545-1690)
Rome and the counter-reformation in Scandinavia. [1]
Historical dictionary of the Reformation and Counter-Reformation
This book examines the promotion of the sensuous as part of religious experience in the Roman Catholic Church of the early modern period. During the Counter-Reformation, every aspect of religious and devotional practice was reviewed, including the role of art and architecture, and the invocation of the five senses to incite devotion became a hotly contested topic. The Protestants condemned the material cult of veneration of relics and images, rejecting the importance of emotion and the senses and instead promoting the power of reason in receiving the Word of God. After much debate, the Church concluded that the senses are necessary to appreciate the sublime, and that they derive from the Holy Spirit. As part of its attempt to win back the faithful, the Church embraced the sensuous and promoted the use of images, relics, liturgy, processions, music, and theater as important parts of religious experience.
Social discipline in the Reformation : central Europe, 1550-1750
God's secret agents : Queen Elizabeth's forbidden priests and the hatching of the Gunpowder Plot
Historical method and confessional identity in the era of the Reformation, 1378-1615
Printing, propaganda, and Martin Luther
The European Reformations
Pius IV and the fall of Carafa : nepotism and papal authority in Counter-Reformation Rome
The Dutch Revolt and Catholic exile in Reformation Europe
The Cambridge companion to Reformation theology
This book has been written for three purposes. First, to provide the Orthodox reader with a competent overview of the history of Protestantism and its major traditions, from its beginnings in the 16th century to the present day. This overview relies heavily upon the Reformer s own words as well as the creeds of various Protestant faiths, in order to avoid misrepresentation and caricature. Second, to acquaint Orthodox and non-Orthodox readers with a narrative of the historical relations between the Orthodox East and the Protestant West. Finally, to provide a summary of Orthodox theological opinion on the tenets of Protestantism.
Reformation : Europe's house divided 1490-1700
Wondrous in his saints : counter-reformation propaganda in Bavaria
Female piety and the Catholic reformation in France
The counter-reformation : the essential readings
Magistrates, madonnas, and miracles : the Counter Reformation in the Upper Palatinate
The sensuous in the Counter-Reformation church
"The present study seeks to probe the formative impact of exile on changing Catholic identities, both in the northern and in the southern Netherlands. More specifically, it will argue that many displaced Catholics became receptive to militant strands of Catholicism during their years in foreign safe havens. Local media, clerical leadership and forms of sociability facilitated and shaped this process of religious radicalisation among Catholic expatriates. When the changing course of the war allowed the exiles to return home, these spiritually reborn men and women promulgated their radical beliefs in areas recovered by the Habsburg monarchy"--
The early Latin poetry of Sylvester Johannis Phrygius
The front-runner of the Catholic Reformation : the life and works of Johann von Staupitz
Reform of the church : crisis and criticism in historical perspective
Councils of the Catholic Reformation : Pisa I (1409) to Trent (1545-63)
Religious ideology and cultural fantasy : Catholic and anti-Catholic discourses in early modern England
The New Cambridge modern history. 3, The Counter-reformation and price revolution, 1559-1610
The world of Catholic renewal, 1540-1770
Drawing from new archival research, Pius IV and the Fall of the Carafa shows how the popes of the mid-sixteenth century sought to re-assert and project their authority over the Catholic Church during the first phase of the Counter-Reformation. Its narrative focus is the trial of cardinals Carlo and Alfonso Carafa, nephews of Paul IV (1555-1559), who, together with Carlo's brother Giovanni, were arrested and indicted by their uncle's successor Pius IV (1559-65) on charges of murder, theft, and corruption. Taking place from June 1560 to April 1561 as preparations were underway for a resumption of the Council of Trent, this was the only occasion in the early modern period in which a papal family were impeached for their actions in government. It provided a well-publicized forum in which questions about the nature and extent of the pope's authority were raised, contested, and answered by different groups within the Roman political and ecclesiastical elite. While the Carafa trial has previously been understood to have been primarily of importance only to the development of papal nepotism, Miles Pattenden now demonstrates how Pius used it as a vehicle by which to intimidate the College of Cardinals and to re-impose stricter hierarchical control over the institutions of the Catholic Church.
The new Cambridge modern history. Vol. 3, Counter-reformation and price revolution, 1559-1610
Rome and the counter-reformation in Scandinavia. 2, (1583-1622) : Until the establishment of the S. congregatio de propaganda fide in 1622 : based on source material in Kolsrud collection
Jews and heretics in Catholic Poland : a beleaguered church in the post-Reformation era
The stripping of altars on the fringes of Europe : the 17th century relocation and rearticulation of Finnish medieval high altars after the reformation
Loyola's greater narrative : the architecture of the spiritual exercises in golden age and Enlightenment literature
Klara Church and the Swedish counter-reformation
Poetry and censorship in Counter-Reformation Italy
Hermannus Samsonius to Axel Oxenstierna : Latin correspondence from 1621 to 1630 with linguistic and historical commentaries
The Ashgate research companion to the Counter-Reformation
Catholic Reformation in Protestant Britain
The Counter-Reformation in Central Europe : Styria 1580-1630
Religious culture in the sixteenth century : preaching, rhetoric, spirituality and reform
A companion to the reformation world
Giovanni Pierluigi da Palestrina, his life and times
The conquest of the soul : confessions, discipline, and public order in Counter-Reformation Milan
Trent and all that : renaming Catholicism in the early modern era
The Counter-Reformation : Catholic Europe and the non-Christian world
The Reformation
Empire of souls : Robert Bellarmine and the Christian commonwealth
The Catholic Reformation
Music, piety, and propaganda : the soundscapes of counter-reformation Bavaria
Rome and the counter-reformation in Scandinavia. [3], Jesuit educational strategy, 1553-1622
Visionary experience in the golden age of Spanish art
The world of Catholic renewal 1540-1770
The sacred image in the age of art : Titian, Tintoretto, Barocci, El Greco, Caravaggio
Freiburg and the Breisgau : town-country relations in the Age of Reformation and Peasants' War
Criminal law became a key tool in the effort to legitimize Church authority in post-Reformation Poland. Recounting dramatic stories of torture, trial, and punishment involving Christians and Jews, this is the first book to consider the sacrilege accusations of the early modern period within the broader context of politics and common crime.
This title presents a comprehensive examination of recent scholarship on early modern Catholicism in its many guises. It examines how the Tridentine reforms inspired conflict and conversion, and evaluate lives and identities, spirituality, culture and religious change.
The European reformations
The refashioning of Catholicism, 1450-1700 : a reassessment of the Counter-Reformation
Catholic reformation in Ireland : the mission of Rinuccini 1645-1649
