http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13151 alienation
alienation
Development of the concept and theory of alienation in Marx's writings March 1843 to August 1844
Designs for alienation : exploring diverse realities
The experience of nothingness
Care of wooden floors : a novel
Magic seeds : a novel
Rules of civility : a novel
Lost in time : locating the stranger in German modernity
Soviet youth culture
Alienation in contemporary society : a multidisciplinary examination
The Hegelian-Marxist idea of alienation fell out of favor after the postmetaphysical rejection of humanism and essentialist views of human nature. In this book Rahel Jaeggi draws on the Hegelian philosophical tradition, phenomenological analyses grounded in modern conceptions of agency, and recent work in the analytical tradition to reconceive alienation as the absence of a meaningful relationship to oneself and others, which manifests in feelings of helplessness and the despondent acceptance of ossified social roles and expectations. A revived approach to alienation helps critical social theory engage with phenomena such as meaninglessness, isolation, and indifference. By severing alienation's link to a problematic conception of human essence while retaining its social-philosophical content, Jaeggi provides resources for a renewed critique of social pathologies, a much-neglected concern in contemporary liberal political philosophy. Her work revisits the arguments of Rousseau, Hegel, Kierkegaard, and Heidegger, placing them in dialogue with Thomas Nagel, Bernard Williams, and Charles Taylor.
The colonization of psychic space : a psychoanalytic social theory of oppression
Finnish summary.
The girl savage
Social mobility and exclusion
Disputed land
Rules of civility
The dog
The search for selfhood in modern literature
Alienation and identification
Don DeLillo's White noise : an interpretation of postmodern anxiety
The alienated narrator in Chuck Palahniuk's Fight Club
Strangers to ourselves
The Brooklyn follies
The alienated librarian
Alienation and the carnivalization of society
Abstract: Utopia, alienation and change in Eastern Europe.
Metamorphosis and other stories
The refusal of work : the theory and practice of resistance to work
The Brooklyn follies : a novel
The sea of tranquility : a novel
Types of protests and alienation
Alienation and freedom
Private terror/public life : psychosis and the politics of community
Social theory and social structure
The goldfinch
Alienation and economics
The politics of authenticity : radical individualism and the emergence of modern society
Society of the spectacle
Marx's theory of alienation
Dropout Neville Lister accompanies acclaimed photographer Saul Auerbach for a day, to learn a lesson for life. They play a game: from a hill above Johannesburg they pick three houses and decide to knock on their doors in search of a story. Auerbach's images of the first two will become classic portraits, but soon the light fades. Lister only reaches the third house decades later, returning to post-apartheid South Africa and a Johannesburg altered almost beyond recognition. How to live when estranged from your birthplace?
She will build him a city
I and thou
Alienation : the experience of the Eastern Mediterranean (50-600 A.D.)
Marxism and the human individual
Madness and social representations
On diplomacy : a genealogy of Western estrangement
Double negative
Thomas and Mary : a love story
This book is concerned with the notion of the "stranger" -the foreigner, outsider, or alien in a country and society not their own- as well as the notion of strangeness within the self -a person's deep sense of being, as distinct from outside appearance and their conscious idea of self. Kristeva begins with the personal and moves outward by examining world literature and philosophy. She discusses the foreigner in Greek tragedy, in the Bible, and in the literature of the Middle Ages, Renaissance, Enlightenment, and the twentieth century. She discusses the legal status of foreigners throughout history, gaining perspective on our own civilization. Her insights into the problems of nationality, particularly in France are more timely and relevant in an increasingly integrated and fractious world.
Place and vision : the function of landscape in Native American fiction
Critique of everyday life. 2, Foundations for a sociology of the everyday
Marx's theory of alienation and the individual worker in contemporary capitalism
Seoul, 1964-nyeon gyeoul = Seoul-1964-winter
Uniting the virtual workforce : transforming leadership and innovation in the globally integrated enterprise
Against autonomy : justifying coercive paternalism
Alienation theories : a general systems approach
Perceived relatedness, competence and autonomy in relation with successful transfer back to sport after injury
Theatre of estrangement : theory, practice, ideology
Blake, nationalism, and the politics of alienation
Tokyo doesn't love us anymore
The soul at work : from alienation to autonomy
The daily life of Ku-poh the novelist
Alienation, transformation of a concept
Giving up on school : student dropouts and teacher burnouts
The outsider
Taksikuski : 2-disc collector's edition
The intellectual stranger : studies in spokespersonship
The wings
Georg Lukács' marxism : alienation, dialectics, revolution : a study in utopia and ideology
Rabbit hole
Sputnik Sweetheart
Live wire
From pure visibility to virtual reality in an age of estrangement / John Adkins Richardson
This first book from Chicago author Chris Ware is a pleasantly-decorated view at a lonely and emotionally-impaired "everyman" (Jimmy Corrigan, the Smartest Kid on Earth), who is provided, at age 36, the opportunity to meet his father for the first time. An improvisatory romance which gingerly deports itself between 1890's Chicago and 1980's small town Michigan, the reader is helped along by thousands of colored illustrations and diagrams, which, when read rapidly in sequence, provide a convincing illusion of life and movement. The bulk of the work is supported by fold-out instructions, an index, paper cut-outs, and a brief apology, all of which concrete to form a rich portrait of a man stunted by a paralyzing fear of being disliked.
Globalisation and insecurity in the twenty-first century : NATO and the management of risk
The metamorphosis
Aspects of subjectivity : society and individuality from the Middle Ages to Shakespeare and Milton
In Measures of Expatriation, Vahni Capildeo's poems and prose-poems speak of the complex alienation of the expatriate, and address wider issues around identity in contemporary Western society.
Jimmy Corrigan : the smartest Kid on earth
The pain of unbelonging : alienation and identity in Australasian literature
Theories of alienation : critical perspectives in philosophy and the social sciences
Emotions and violence : shame and rage in destructive conflicts
The horror of life
Measures of expatriation
The language of alienation in Anita Desai's Baumgartner's Bombay
Stigma : notes on the management of spoiled identity
The anomalies
Karl Marx on technology and alienation
Alien identities : exploring difference in film and fiction
Alienation and affect
Pelastakaa tiikeri = Save the tiger
Marx and alienation : essays on Hegelian themes
Alienation and belonging : search for black identity in Jean Toomer's Cane
A Mechanism of inactivity : a study on recipients of public assistance
The professor of poetry
Jimmy Corrigan : the smartest kid on earth
Kafka in Brontëland and other stories
Contemporary Arab-American literature : transnational reconfigurations of citizenship and belonging
Alienation and authenticity : some consequences for organized work
A mechanism of inactivity : a study on recipients of public assistance
Hegel's Phenomenology. Part 1, Analysis and commentary
June J. Hwang's provocative Lost in Time explores discourses of timelessness in the works of central figures of German modernity such as Walter Benjamin, Georg Simmel, Siegfried Kracauer, and Helmuth Plessner, as well as those of Alfred Doblin, Joseph Roth, and Hugo Bettauer. Hwang argues that in the Weimar Republic the move toward a historicisation is itself a historical phenomenon, one that can be understood by exploring the intersections of discourses about urban modernity, the stranger, and German Jewish identity. These intersections shed light on conceptions of German Jewish identity that rely on a negation of the specific and temporal as a way to legitimise a historical outsider position, creating a dynamic position that simultaneously challenges and acknowledges the limitations of an outsider's agency. She reads these texts as attempts to transcend the particular, attempts that paradoxically reveal the entanglement of the particular and the universal.
Alienation : from the past to the future
Home is where the heart is, and Kate thinks a lot about making people feel at home. She works for a global hotel corporation. She has two young children, and a husband of ten years. Now, both Kate's home and her heart are about to implode: she has discovered a series of emails from her husband Adam to another woman. Probing for answers, she realizes this not the worst possible discovery - in fact, it is only the beginning. As her family unravels, Kate's job becomes increasingly demanding - but how can she provide the perfect guest experience when her own foundations have been knocked away? She tries to hold things together for her daughters, but doesn't know what to tell them when they ask when Adam is coming home. Who was the man with whom Kate built a life? And what is he to her now? Told with warmth, wit and grace, Lover is a novel about marriage, family, and work - an unforgettable account of having the strength to find one's place in the world.
The future of alienation
Phenomenology of life and the human creative condition. Book 4, Creative virtualities in human self-interpretation-in-culture
Responses to alienation in a selection of short fiction by Ernest Hemingway and Sherwood Anderson
Alien technology : coping with modern mysteries
No man is an island? : solitary characters in English poetry from the 7th to the 19th century
Alienation : problems of meaning, theory and method
Exiles, outcasts, strangers : icons of marginalization in post World War II narrative
Perspectives on Richard Ford
Varieties of exile : new essays on Mavis Gallant
Alienation, socialism and self-management
Landscape and ideology in American renaissance literature : topographies of skepticism
The critique of domination : the origins and development of critical theory
Alienation, ethnicity, and postmodernism
Marxism and sociology : views from eastern Europe
In search of revolutionary literature : a fanonian reading on Chinua Achebe's Things fall apart and Ngugi wa Thiong'o's Weep not, child
The uncommitted : alienated youth in American society
The political community : a study of anomie
Alienation and value-neutrality
Lost in translation
"Usually I like school PE, but..." : school physical education described in Internet discussion forums
Man in estrangement : a comparison of the thought of Paul Tillich and Erich Fromm
Politics of fear
