http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13139 programme policy
programme policy
Formulation and implementation of national forest programmes : proceedings of the international seminar held in Freiburg, Germany 18-20 May 1998. Vol. 1, Theoretical aspects
Televised presidential debates and public policy
Public health in the European Community : health promotion programme (1996-2000)
The way forward : the European employment strategy : contributions to and outcome of the Dublin European Council, 13 and 14 December 1996
British television policy : a reader
Executive Summary (s. 7-10).
Tinned novelties or creative culture? : a study on the role of mass communication in peripheral nations
Development policy programme 2007 : towards a sustainable and just world community
Earth Summit +5 : special session of the General Assembly to review and appraise the implementation of Agenda 21, New York, 23-27 June 1997
Whose ETSIP? : national and local ownership of Namibia's education and training sector improvement programme
From companions to competitors : the changing broadcasting markets and television programming in Finland
EMPLOYMENT/ADAPT : midterm evaluation : midterm evaluation of the EMPLOYMENT and ADAPT community iniatiatives in the programme period 1995-1999
Europe's satellite navigation programmes : GALILEO and EGNOS
Government strategy document 2007.
Public television : politics and the battle over documentary film
Guidelines for monitoring the impact of structural adjustment programmes on the agricultural sector
Environmental issues facing Tibetan pastoral communities
Electronic media programming : strategies and decision making
WDR and the Arbeiterfilm : Fassbinder, Ziewer and others
National seminars on implementing the European employment strategy : a summary
Why do the Finnish and Swedish agrienvironmental programmes differ?
Guide to Community initiatives : (taken under the reform of the structural Funds)
Broadcasters and citizens in Europe : trends in media accountability and viewer participation
Programming for TV, radio, and cable
Programme for employment in Finland 1996-1999 : halving unemployment
Educational planning through computer simulation
Counterfactual approach for assessing agri-environmental policy : theory with an application to Finnish water protection policy
Utility drama : making of and talking about the serial drama in Finland
The Foreign Political document adopted by the XXXI Party Congress of the Finnish Social Democratic party, 8-11 th June, 1978
Television and political advertising. Vol. 1, Psychological processes
Cross-sectoral collaboration as a solution : the preventative work against social exclusion in the municipal well-being plans for children and youth
Broadcast/cable programming : strategies and practices
Transnationalization of television in Western Europe
European broadcasting law and policy
Split signals : television and politics in the Soviet Union
Optimising research programmes and priorities : report of the ERA Expert Group
Canada's green plan in brief : a summary of Canada's green plan for a healthy environment
Employment policies in the EU and in the member states : joint report 1999
EU TRADE POLICY STUDY AND EXPORT PLAN FOR AN ALUMINUM COMPANY
Child and youth policy programme 2012-2015
Summary (s. 5-10).
The global positioning system : assessing national policies
Prime-time television : content and control
Television : policy and culture
From programme slots to broadcast flow : towards new concepts in radio programming
Effects of stabilization and structural adjustment programmes on food security
Broadcasting is arguably the most influential and powerful industry operating today. The media impose an inescapable presence in contemporary life and infuse all areas of public communication. But what is the quality of the relationship between 'broadcaster' and 'citizen'? Do the media and media authorities take the audience's interests seriously into account? Do audiences have real opportunities to express themselves? Are citizens well informed and educated about the social, the cultural and the civic role that media can play? In this book, five authors present the main results of an extensive programme of research that was financed by the European Commission. The study was conducted in 29 European countries and each author analyses European trends from different but complementary perspectives: from the broadcasters' side (media accountability and responsibility, including the key role of Public Service Broadcasting); from the citizens' side (viewers' participation mechanisms) and from the regulatory side (legal instruments which protect viewer rights). Given the historical experience of the United Kingdom, the situation in this country is analysed in detail. A specific chapter also describes the instruments and procedures that TV viewers have at the European Union level in addition to those existing at national level.
Interregional and cross-border cooperation in Europe : proceedings of the conference on interregional cooperation - regions in partnership, Brussels, 14 and 15 December 1992
Dialogue of civilisations? : the case of Nepad
Music breaks in : essays on music radio and radio music in Finland
Writing for the medium : television in transition
Measuring the employment effects of community structural interventions
Finland's national action plan for employment 1999 in accordance with the EU's employment guidelines, May 1999.
Broadcasting and new media policies in Western Europe : a comparative study of technological change and public policy
The media in question : popular cultures and public interests
Newswatch : how TV decides the news
Ministers as strategic political leaders? : strategic political steering after NPM reforms in Finland
Do we listen to earthworms? : tools for evaluating the Finnish Action Plan on the sustainable use of plant protection products
Yle serving its audiences : summary of 1998 audience research
Otherworldly politics : the international relations of Star Trek, Game of thrones, and Battlestar Galactica
Television under the tories : broadcasting policy 1979-1997
Nordic health care systems : recent reforms and current policy challenges
Full-service radio : programming for the community
How were people informed about the release of the national knowledge society strategy 2007-2015
Television regulation and media policy in China
Finland's trade policy programme : Government resolution 8 September 2005.
Hidden agendas : the politics of religious broadcasting in Britain, 1987-1991
Progress report on the implementation of the medium-term social action programme 1995-97
Employment action plan Finland
Formulation and implementation of national forest programmes : proceedings of the international seminar held in Freiburg, Germany 18-20 May 1998. Vol. 3, International experiences
Since the late 1990s, there has been a crucial and substantial transformation in China's television system involving institutional, structural and regulatory changes. Unraveling the implications of these changes is vital for understanding the politics of Chinese media policy-making and regulation, and thus a comprehensive study of this history has never been more essential. This book studies the transformation of the policy and regulation of the Chinese television sector within a national political and economic context from 1996 to the present day. Taking a historical and sociological approach, it engages in the theoretical debates over the nature of the transformation of media in the authoritarian Chinese state; the implications of the ruling party's political legitimacy and China's central-local conflicts upon television policy-making and market structure; and the nature of the media modernisation process in a developing country. Its case studies include broadcasting systems in Shanghai and Guangdong, which demonstrate that varied policies and development strategies have been adopted by television stations, reflecting different local circumstances and needs. Arguing that rather than being a homogenous entity, China has demonstrated the substantial local diversity and complex interactions between local, national and global media, this book will be of interest to students and scholars of Chinese media, politics and policy, and international communications.
Media diversity : economics, ownership, and the FCC
The Finnish success in Pisa - and some reasons behind it : Pisa 2000
Forestry tactics : lessons from Malawi's National Forestry Programme
The Finnish Government's mid-term policy review process : summary
Worlds in common? : television discourse in a changing Europe
The power of schedule : programme management in the transformation of Finnish public service television
Green paper European social policy options for the union
Western broadcasting at the dawn of the 21st century
Between truth and time : a history of Soviet Central Television
Television and political advertising. Vol. 2, Signs, codes, and images
The last crusade : religion and the politics of misdirection
A Leader dissemination guide book based on programme experience in Finland, Ireland and the Czech Republic : final report of the transnational Leader dissemination project for the Finnish Rural Policy Committee
Employment policies in the EU and the member states : joint report 1998
Internationalization of Finnish higher education   is language an issue?
The Finnish architectural policy
Decentralisation in the agricultural sector in Malawi : policies, processes and community linkages
Formulation and implementation of national forest programmes : proceedings of the international seminar held in Freiburg, Germany 18-20 May 1998. Vol. 2, State of the art in Europe
ERC grants : for top researchers from all the world
The multiple faces of a sustainability strategy : analysing Finland's programme to promote sustainable consumption and production
The international world of electronic media
Toward a morality of moderation : report for the Dutch national research programme on global air pollution and climate change
Small among giants : television broadcasting in smaller countries
