http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13137 non-alcoholic beverages
non-alcoholic beverages
Cool cocktails : the hottest new drinks and the best of the classics
Smooth & juicy : healthy juices, creamy smoothies and sinful shakes
The New York bartender's guide
Coffee
"An accessible homebrew guide for alcoholic and non-alcoholic fermented drinks, including beer, mead, soda, kefir, kombucha, hard cider, sake, and fruit wines"--Provided by publisher.
The dictionary of drink
True brews : how to craft fermented beer, wine, cider, sake, soda, kefir, and kombucha at home
The pocket guide to non-alcoholic drinks
The non-drinker's drink book
Smart drinks : alcohol-free natural beverages
A simple shrub is made from fruit, sugar, and ... vinegar? Raise your glass to a surprising new taste sensation for cocktails and sophisticated sodas: Shrubs. Not the kind that grow in the ground, but a vintage drink mixer that will knock your socks off. "Mixologists across the country are reaching back through the centuries to reclaim vinegar's more palatable past...embracing it as 'the other acid,' an alternative to the same-old-same-old lemons and limes," said the New York Times. The history of shrubs, as revealed here, is as fascinating as the drinks are refreshing. These sharp and tangy infusions are simple to make and use, as you'll discover with these recipes. Mix up some Red Currant Shrub for a Vermouth Cassis, or Apple Cinnamon Shrub to mix with seltzer, or develop your own with Michael Dietsch's directions and step-by-step photographs.
Studies on the fermentation technology of bushera: a Ugandan traditional fermented cereal-based beverage
New and classic cocktails without alcohol
Juicing it! : a gourmet's quide to natural drinks
Helen McGinn's teetotal tipples for january and beyond
The new New York bartender's guide
Classic cocktails
An encyclopedia of spirits & liqueurs and how to cook with them
The great coffee book
50 Classic Cocktails : step-by-step
What to drink with what you eat : the definitive guide to pairing food with wine, beer, spirits, coffee, tea - even water - based on expert advice from Americas best Sommeliers
Smoothies & juices : delicious drinks, blends, tonis, shakes and floats
The complete guide to cocktails and drinks : how to create fantastic drinks using spirits, ligueurs, wine, beer and mixers
Wine and food handbook : aide-memoire for the sommelier and the waiter
Shrubs : an old-fashioned drink for modern times
Schweppes : the first 200 years
Tea
Shakes, sodas & smoothies
The complete book of cocktails & punches : a connoisseur's guide to classic and alcohol-free beverages
Cocktails and mixed drinks
The California health bar drink guide
The cocktail handbook
The Savoy cocktail book
The world encyclopedia of coffee
The principles and practice of bar and beverage management : the drinks handbook
Good spirits : alcohol-free drinks for all occasions
The mocktail manual : over 90 delicious non-alcoholic drinks
The Principles and practice of bar and beverage management
