http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13105 documentary films
documentary films
Green documentary : environmental documentary in the twenty-first century
Maximizing the moment - theories for the practice of editing
Canary Islands
Jean Sibelius : [a Christopher Nupen film
The Golden Ring : The legendary 1965 BBC film on Sir Georg Solti's recording of Wagner's Der Ring des Nibelungen = Hinter den Kulissen der Götterdämmerung
TRUE WAR  & COMBAT STORIES. In the summer of 1962, one year after the rise of the Berlin Wall, a group of daring young West Germans risked prison, Stasi torture and even death to liberate friends, lovers, and strangers in East Berlin by digging tunnels under the Wall. Then, as the world's press heard about the secret projects, two television networks raced to be the first to document them from the inside, funding two separate tunnels for exclusive rights to film the escapes. In response, President John F. Kennedy and his administration, wary of anything that might raise tensions and force a military confrontation with the Soviets, maneuvered to quash both documentaries.
Information film of Afbare : Arctic documentary films at risk in Barents Region: surveying, protecting and screening
Iran media index
Wild style : the sampler
Archival storytelling : a filmmaker's guide to finding, using, and licensing third-party visuals and music
Geoffrey Jones : The rhythm of film
The history of rock 'n' roll. Levy 2
Nonfiction film : theory and criticism
Post-1990 documentary : reconfiguring independence
"The Soviet story" : Forgery tissue = mehanizm lži
Encyclopedia of the documentary film. Volume 2, H-O, index
The flute through the ages : the history of the transverse flute
Claiming the real : the Griersonian documentary and its legitimations
Mediating culture through film : conversations and reflections on filmmaking at Tartu Worldfilm Festival
The history of rock 'n' roll. Levy 5
Documentary storytelling : creative nonfiction on screen
Jazz : a film by Ken Burns. 8, Risk
Pearl Jam twenty = PJ20 : original motion picture soundtrack
Southern europe : France, Spain, Portugal, Italy, Croatia, Greece, Istanbul
Taking the long view : a study of longitudinal documentary
The art of the documentary : ten conversations with leading directors, cinematographers, editors, and producers
Star Wars-trilogia : bonusmateriaali
The documentary tradition
The British documentary film movement, 1926-1946
Snakes : your number one phobia is here
Animated realism : a behind the scenes look at the animated documentary genre
The third reich's celluloid war : propaganda in Nazi feature films, documentaries and television
The documentary tradition : from Nanook to Woodstock
Franz Peter Schubert : the greatest love & the greatest sorrow : a Christopher Nupen film
Blurred boundaries : questions of meaning in contemporary culture
The golden age of the piano : a documentary on the great pianists of the twentieth century
Contemporary documentary
The first in a series, this collection of essays addresses the role of documentary film in negotiations of national identity throughout the Western Hemisphere. Twenty essays by scholars from Latin America, the USA, and Europe analyze narrations of nation in this genre, focusing on documentary film as a political medium, representations of the margins of the nation, postmodern documentary aesthetics, the function of documentaries in terms of cultural memory, and recent revisions of documentary film history. In a concluding section, four renowned filmmakers from Argentina, Ecuador, Mexico, and the USA discuss their own approaches to constructing imagined communities in the practice of documentary filmmaking.
Documentary film : a very short introduction
The documentary filmmakers handbook
The documentary moviemaking course : the starter guide to documentary filmmaking
The documentary conscience : a casebook in film making
Harnoncourt & Beethoven : The Concert. Symphonies No. 8 & No. 6 Pastoral : The Making of the Symphonies
Nothing is easy : live at the Isle of Wight 1970
Tartu visuaalse kultuuri päevad : Põhjamaade antropoloogilise filmi assotsiatsiooni filmifestival 10.-16. maini 2004 = Film Festival of Nordic Anthropological Film Association May 10-16th 2004
Forward Soviet! : history and non-fiction film in the USSR
Spiders : arachnophobia reigns
Imagining reality : the Faber book of documentary
Film studies : an introduction
Documentaries : ...and how to make them
Africa : The Serengeti
Five films by Frederick Wiseman : Titicut follies, High school, Welfare, High school II, Public housing
Documentary filmmakers speak
Documentaries : ... and how to make them
Encyclopedia of the documentary film. Volume 3, P-Z, index
Maailman uskonnot : Religions of the world. 4, Islam
Mythomania? : a study of fact or fiction in four documentary films
New York
Jazz : a film by Ken Burns. 10, a masterpiece by midnight
Catalogue of the Competition Films for the Fourth Pärnu International Visual Anthropology Festival : October 21-28, 1990 : Pärnu, Estonia : The festival aims to protect the Nordic cultures = Pärnu IV Rahvusvahelise Visuaalse Antropoloogia Festivali Konkursifilmide Kataloog 21-28 oktoober 1990 Pärnu, Eesti Festival kaitseb Põhjala kultuure
Maailmafilm : Tartu visuaalse kultuuri festival 22.-28. märtsini = Worldfilm : Tartu festival of visual culture, March 22th - 28th
A rescue story : Turkish passport
Sensitivity in indigenous identity research
Post-revolution nonfiction film : building the Soviet and Cuban nations
From underground to independent : alternative film culture in contemporary China
Thailand
French colonial documentary : mythologies of humanitarianism
Documentary display : re-viewing nonfiction film and video
The Spike Jones Story
Jazz : a film by Ken Burns. 1, Gumbo
Dreams that money can buy
Jazz : a film by Ken Burns. 3, Our language
The rhetoric of the new political documentary
'The golden era' of Finnish documentary film financing and production
Between a smile and a tear : en filmhyldest til Jazzhus Montmartre
Nonfiction film : a critical history
Adventures in the lives of others : ethical dilemmas in factual filmmaking
Greece : journeys to the Gods
The quest for Noah's flood = Vedenpaisumuksen jäljillä
Playing to the camera : musicians and musical performance in documentary cinema
Jedermann remixed : the soundtrack
Making documentary films and reality videos : a practical guide to planning, filming, and editing documentaries
100 documentary films
The great cities of Europe with travel expert Doug Jones
Marlin Darrah's Cuba today
Documenting world politics : a critical companion to IR and non-fiction film
Beyond the visual : sound and image in ethnographic and documentary film
"In a post-1990 context of unrivalled creativity in documentary filmmaking, what does 'independence' really mean? With a broad selection of contributors, this is the first collection of in-depth case studies to cut across different media, formats, subject matters, purposes and national divides. Writing from a wide range of academic perspectives, contributors shed new light on historical, theoretical and empirical issues concerning independent documentary, to better comprehend the radical transformations of the form over the past twenty-five years. While the digital turn has been widely acknowledged as decisive in reshaping film practices, especially independent ones, this anthology aims at assessing its consequences without overestimating the impact of technology on other political, economic, social and cultural changes. Continuities as well as breaks are therefore put in perspective, with a particular focus on the interactions between these new practices and the established film and television industries."--Back cover
Tourist destination Tampere Finland : light and life
Sugar Man : the life, death and resurrection of Sixto Rodriguez
Grand canyon : a wonder of the natural world
Screening the Americas : narration of nation in documentary film = Proyectando las Américas : narración de la nación en el cine documental
Shattered mirror : the problem of identity in the post-Yugoslav documentary
This American journey : where to from here?
Shut up and shoot documentary guide : a down & dirty DV production
Jazz on a summer's day : Jazzin juhlaa
Return to the land of the head hunters : Edward S. Curtis, the Kwaka'wakw, and the making of modern cinema
Video journalism for the web : a practical introduction to documentary storytelling
British social realism : from documentary to Brit-grit
A cinema of nonfiction
Saltwater crocodiles : not only built to kill but built to survive
The castle project : Colorado's haunted mansion
Shadows of progress : documentary film in post-war Britain
The adventure of the real : Jean Rouch and the craft of ethnographic cinema
Producing with passion : making films that change the world
The greatest jazz films ever
Northern europe : Russia, Prague, Salzburg, Copenhagen, Norway, Amsterdam, Belgium, London and Paris
The golden Ring : the legendary 1965 BBC film on Sir Georg Solti's recording of Wagner's Der Ring des Nibelungen = Hinter den Kulissen der Götterdämmerung
Writing, directing, and producing documentary films
Special Newsreel Universal Feature Film : a utøpia
"Genre is central to understanding the industrial context and visual form of television. This new edition of the key textbook on television genre brings together leading international scholars to provide an accessible and comprehensive introduction to the debates, issues and concerns of the field. Structured in eleven sections, The television genre book introduces the concept of 'genre' itself and how it has been understood in television studies, and then addresses the main televisual genres in turn: drama, soap opera, comedy, news, documentary, reality television, children's television, animation and popular entertainment." -- Back cover.
The objective of this study was to gather information about features of quality documentaries for the needs of social media and social media video sharing services. The thesis investigated how the production process influenced the quality of a documentary film for those services. The main research question for the thesis was: How does one produce a good documentary for social media video sharing service? The research methodologies used in the study were data collection and analysis, as well as process analysis of media production processes. The results of the study suggest that the production of quality documentaries for social media video sharing services does not differ from creating one for any other distribution platform. The findings based on the study indicate that the quality of the documentary films for social media video sharing services is connected to how well the production process of the documentary film was conducted. Further research is required how the traditional distribution channels and social media video sharing services will divide the revenues on the distribution.
The Bulgarian Roma in Helsinki : the diverse sub-groups amongst Bulgarian Roma and their reasons for being in Helsinki : a documentary film
Introduction to documentary production : a guide for media students
Arthur Rubinstein plays Chopin
Projecting history : German nonfiction cinema, 1967-2000
History's secrets. Volume 1
TAMK School of art and media : film and television, fine art, interactive media
Texas Bohemia revisited
A Maysles scrapbook : photographs, cinemagraphs, documents
Architectures of illusion : from motion pictures to navigable interactive environments
The sports film : games people play
The history of rock 'n' roll. Levy 3
Luckiest girl alive : a novel
Dokumentiranje in predstavljanje nesnovne kulturne dediščine s filmon = Documenting and presenting Intangible Cultural Heritage on film
The history of rock 'n' roll. Levy 4
A-Z of hell : Ross Kemp's how not to travel the world
Australia
The history of rock 'n' roll. Levy 1
Dokumental'noe kino Rossii - 2009 : spravočnik = Documentary cinema of Russia : the directory
Documentary film : the use of the film medium to interpret creatively and in social terms the life of the people as it exists in reality
Jazz : a film by Ken Burns. 9, The adventure
Films on ice : cinemas of the Arctic
Summary.
From past to present : documenting Northwest Russia
Lintujen elämää. Lentääkö vai ei? : To fly or not to fly?. Lentämisen taito = The master of flight
Luciano Pavarotti : a film by Esther Schapira
The television genre book
How to write great screenplays and get them into production
Docudrama performs the past : arenas of argument in films based on true stories
Documentary films in social media video sharing services
Documentary in practice : filmmakers and production choices
The documentary film makers handbook
The life of Riley : the soundtrack
The tunnels : the untold story of the escapes under the Berlin Wall
Polish cinema now! : focus on contemporary Polish cinema
Introduction to documentary
Collecting visible evidence
Getting into films & television
Writing for visual media
Spain : journeys through the land of the builders
The Flute through the ages : the history of the transverse flute
The island : Ireland from the air
Nick Broomfield : documenting icons
Maailman uskonnot : Religions of the world. 6, Buddhalaisuus = Buddhism
The golden age of the piano : A documentary on the great pianists of the twentieth century
The Third Reich's celluloid war : propaganda in nazi feature films, documentaries and television
