http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13129 Reformation
Reformation
The memory and motivation of Jan Hus. Fudge, medieval priest and martyr
Auctoritas patrum. [1], Zur Rezeption der Kirchenväter im 15. und 16. Jahrhundert : Contributions on the reception of the church fathers in the 15th and 16th century
"The present study seeks to probe the formative impact of exile on changing Catholic identities, both in the northern and in the southern Netherlands. More specifically, it will argue that many displaced Catholics became receptive to militant strands of Catholicism during their years in foreign safe havens. Local media, clerical leadership and forms of sociability facilitated and shaped this process of religious radicalisation among Catholic expatriates. When the changing course of the war allowed the exiles to return home, these spiritually reborn men and women promulgated their radical beliefs in areas recovered by the Habsburg monarchy"--
The imaginative world of the Reformation
A companion to the Reformation in Central Europe
The quiet Reformation : magistrates and the emergence of Protestantism in Tudor Norwich
Law and religion : the legal teachings of the Protestant and Catholic Reformations
The Reformation : faith and flames
A companion to the reformation world
Gender questions and current challenges for Luther and Reformation studies
Melanchthon
The radical reformation
Balthasar Hubmaier's doctrine of the Church
"The Reformation: A Brief History is a succinct and engaging introduction to the origins and history of the Protestant Reformation. A rich overview of the Reformation, skillfully blending social, political, religious and theological dimensions A clearly and engagingly written narrative which draws on the latest and best scholarship Includes the history of the Reformation in Scandinavia and Eastern Europe, areas that are rarely covered in any detail The Reformation is placed in the context of the entire history of Christianity to draw out its origins, impetus, and legacy "--
Balthasar Hübmaier : the leader of the Anabaptists
Balthasar Hubmaier's Understanding of Faith brings together Balthasar Hubmaier's ideas on faith, since he never wrote a specific treatise on faith himself. This analysis of Hubmaier's views on faith shows that he saw two kinds of faith as necessary and operative in the whole restoration process of fallen human beings. The first kind of faith suggests an expression of belief out of pure human capacity and free will, while the second type regards faith as a gift from God, by which sinners are regenerated, made healthy, and stand justified before God. The author sorts out the complex issues Hubmaier's writing discusses, to come to the conclusion that initial belief and saving faith are made possible by a prior act of God's grace, which makes the whole process of restoration, regeneration, and reconciliation possible. Although this understanding of faith shares much with Anabaptism, it more strongly reflects medieval theological roots. However, many concepts of Hubmaier's theology appear in many later Anabaptist and Baptist groups.
A great deal of scholarship has too often juxtaposed scholasticism and piety, resulting in misunderstandings of the relationship between Protestant churches of the early modern era and the theology taught in their schools. But more recent scholarship, especially conducted by Richard A. Muller over the last number of decades, has remapped the lines of continuity and discontinuity in the relation of church and school. This research has produced a more methodologically nuanced and historically accurate representation of church and school in early modern Protestantism. Written by leading scholars of early modern Protestant theology and history and based on research using the most relevant original sources, this collection seeks to broaden our understanding of how and why clergy were educated to serve the church. Contributors include: Yuzo Adhinarta, Willem van Asselt, Irena Backus, Jordan J. Ballor, J. Mark Beach, Andreas Beck, Joel R. Beeke, Lyle D. Bierma, Raymond A. Blacketer, James E. Bradley, Dariusz M. Bryćko, Amy Nelson Burnett, Emidio Campi, Heber Carlos de Campos Jr, Kiven Choy, R. Scott Clark, Paul Fields, John V. Fesko, Paul Fields, W. Robert Godfrey, Alan Gomes, Albert Gootjes, Chad Gunnoe, Aza Goudriaan, Fred P. Hall, Byung-Soo (Paul) Han, Nathan A. Jacobs, Frank A. James III, Martin Klauber, Henry Knapp, Robert Kolb, Mark J. Larson, Brian J. Lee, Karin Maag, Benjamin T.G. Mayes, Andrew M. McGinnis, Paul Mpindi, Adriaan C. Neele, Godfried Quaedtvlieg, Sebastian Rehnman, Todd Rester, Gregory D. Schuringa, Herman Selderhuis, Donald Sinnema, Keith Stanglin, David Steinmetz, David Sytsma, Yudha Thianto, John L. Thompson, Carl Trueman, Theodore G. Van Raalte, Cornelis Venema, Timothy Wengert, Reita Yazawa, Jeongmo Yoo, and Jason Zuidema.
Palgrave advances in the European reformations
Reformation and society in sixteenth-century Europe
On sacrifice : a Reformation treatise in Biblical theology
Reformation Christianity
Dissolution
An archbishop of the reformation : Laurentius Petri Nericius archbishop of Uppsala 1531-1537
Church and state in Luther and Calvin : a comparative study
Fundamentally revising the understanding of the nature and intellectual contours of early English Protestantism, Karl Gunther argues that sixteenth- century English evangelicals were calling for reforms and envisioning godly life in ways that were far more radical than have hitherto been appreciated. Typically such ideas have been seen as later historical developments, associated especially with radical puritanism, but Gunther's work draws attention to their development in the earliest decades of the English Reformation. Along the way, the book offers new interpretations of central episodes in this period of England's history, such as the "Troubles at Frankfurt" under Mary and the Elizabethan vestments controversy. By shedding new light on early English Protestantism, the book ultimately casts the later development of puritanism in a new light, enabling us to re-situate it in a history of radical Protestant thought that reaches back to the beginnings of the English Reformation itself.
Religion, reformation, and repression in the reign of Francis I : documents from the Parlement of Paris, 1515-1547
Aspects of the European reformation : papers from Culture and Society in Reformation Europe, Växjö 26-27 November 1999
Moral philosophy on the threshold of modernity
Shakespeare's unreformed fictions
Luther Refracted speaks to the currency that Luther's life and thought continue to enjoy in today's Christian reflection. The contributors, representing a variety of Christian denominations, demonstrate Luther's lasting impact on their own traditions and, together with the Lutheran respondents, encourage a fresh understanding of the Reformer. In their at times vigorous engagement, Luther's legacy comes to light not only as variously received but also as contradicted, and transformed, only to reemerge as a fruitful leaven for further thought and transformation. All the essays presented here witness to Luther's significance as a formidable doctor ecclesiae, a teacher of the church.
Religious culture in the sixteenth century : preaching, rhetoric, spirituality and reform
Reformation readings of the Apocalypse : Geneva, Zurich, and Wittenberg
Reformation thought : an introduction
The Reformation : as a pre-condition for modern capitalism
The Oxford encyclopedia of the Reformation. 1, [Abst-Doop]
The reception of Erasmus in the early modern period
The European reformation
Luther's works. Vol. 58, Sermons V
Graham Tomlin brings the world of the early reformers to life as he explores their battles and disagreements and investigates their fight over what they considered to be correct doctrine, and the future of the early Church. The result is a truly illuminating account of Martin Luther--the central figure in the Protestant Reformation of the 16th century--that examines his background and the circumstances that led to his rebellion against the church. It delivers a rich analysis of his significance for and contribution to Western culture and Christianity.
The Dutch Revolt and Catholic exile in Reformation Europe
The Bible as book : the Reformation
A companion to the Swiss Reformation
Confessionalization in Europe, 1555-1700 : essays in honor and memory of Bodo Nischan
The world of the Reformation
The intellectual origins of the European Reformation
Reformation
Lutherjahrbuch : Organ der internationalen Lutherforschung. 76. Jahrgang 2009, Luthers Ethik : christliches Leben in ecclesia, oeconomia, politia, Luther's ethics in the realms of Church, household, politics
Dictionary of the Reformation
From Bonaventure to the reformers
In exploring the dramaturgical variety of the "Catholic" content of Shakespeare's plays, Gillian Woods argues that habits, idioms, images, and ideas lose their denominational clarity when translated into dramatic fiction: they are awkwardly "unreformed" rather than doctrinally Catholic. Providing nuanced readings of generically diverse plays, this book emphasises the creative function of such unreformed material, which Shakespeare uses to pose questions about the relationship between self and other. A wealth of contextual evidence is studied, including catechisms, homilies, religious polemics, news quartos, and non-Shakespearean drama, to highlight how early modern Catholicism variously provoked nostalgia, faith, conversion, humour, fear, and hatred. This book argues that Shakespeare exploits these contradictory attitudes to frame ethical problems, creating fictional plays that consciously engage audiences in the difficult leaps of faith required by both theatre and theology. By recognizing the playfulness of Shakespeare's unreformed fictions, this book offers a different perspective on the interactions between post-Reformation religion and the theatre, and an alternative angle on Shakespeare's interrogation of the scope of dramatic fiction.
The Oxford encyclopedia of the Reformation. Volume 4
Il Rinascimento italiano di fronte alla Riforma : letteratura e arte = Sixteenth-century Italian art and literature and the reformation : atti del colloquio internazionale London, The Warburg Institute, 30-31 gennaio 2004
Reform and Reformation: England and the Continent c1500-c1750
The reformation in England. 1, The king's proceedings
The Oxford Encyclopedia of Martin Luther
Reformers in the wings : from Geiler von Kaysersberg to Theodore Beza
"In 1517, the actions of a simple monk ushered in a period of unparalleled religious and political upheaval. The Reformation: A Brief History provides a succinct yet comprehensive introduction to this extraordinary period, showing how and why the Protestant Reformation arose and unfolded. In this rich account, the author skillfully blends social history, religious and theological ideas with economic and political factors. The description is well-rounded, drawing not just on the actions of the main characters, but also the experiences and ideas of ordinary people, the quest for social justice, and the conflicting approaches to Christian unity. The events of the Reformation are placed in the context of Christian history to offer a fuller understanding of the period. The result is a truly engaging narrative that shows the reader exactly what was at stake, and why, as the events unfurled. Accessible, lucid and based on the best of current research, this book offers readers a wonderful overview of one of the most critical periods in Western history"--
Here I stand : a life of Martin Luther
Calvinus clarissimus theologus : papers of the Tenth International Congress on Calvin Research
Reformation : Europe's house divided 1490-1700
Reformation Europe 1517-1559
The Catholicity of the Reformation
Studies in the making of the English protestant tradition : mainly in the reign of Henry VIII
The impact of the Reformation
The Counter-Reformation : Catholic Europe and the non-Christian world
Wondrous in his saints : counter-reformation propaganda in Bavaria
Although nearly forgotten today, the prophetic writing of Wilhelm Friess was the most popular work of its kind in Germany in the second half of the 16th century. While the author "Wilhelm Friess" was a convenient fiction, his text had a long and remarkable history as it moved from the papal court in 14th-century Avignon, to Antwerp under Habsburg oppression, to Nuremberg as it was still reeling from Lutheran failures in the Schmalkaldic War, and then back to Antwerp at the outbreak of the Dutch revolt. Dutch scholars have recognised that Frans Fraet was executed for printing a prognostication by Willem de Vriese, but this prognostication was thought to be lost. A few scholars of 16th-century German apocalypticism have briefly noted the prophecies of Wilhelm Friess but have not studied them in depth. The Strange and Terrible Visions of Wilhelm Friess is the first to connect de Vriese and Friess, as well as recognise the prophecy of Wilhelm Friess as an adaptation of a French version of the Vademecum of Johannes de Rupescissa, making these pamphlets by far the most widespread source for Rupescissa's apocalyptic thought in Reformation Germany. The book explains the connection between the first and second prophecies of Wilhelm Friess and discovers the Calvinist context of the second prophecy and its connection to Johann Fischart, one of the most important German writers of the time. Jonathan Green provides a study of how textual history interacts with print history in early modern pamphlets and proposes a model of how early modern prophecies were created and transmitted. The Strange and Terrible Visions of Wilhelm Friess makes important contributions to the study of early modern German and Dutch literature, apocalypticism and confessionalisation during the Reformation, and the history of printing in the 16th century.
Women of the Reformation in France and England
The Bible, the Reformation and the church : essays in honour of James Atkinson
Jerome Zanchi (1516-90) and the analysis of reformed scholastic Christology
Cornelius Henrici Hoen (Honius) and his Epistle on the eucharist (1525) : medieval heresy, Erasmian humanism and reform in the early sixteenth-century Low Countries
The Reformation : basic interpretations
The first French reformation : church reform and the origins of the old regime
Reformation in Britain and Ireland
The annotated Luther. Volume 3, Church and sacraments
The confessionalization of humanism in Reformation Germany
Calvin in context
History of the reformation in the sixteenth century
The Reformation : a brief history
Religious refugees in the early modern world : an alternative history of the Reformation
The protracted Reformation in northern Norway. 2, Towards a Protestant north
John Knox and the British Reformations
Anabaptists and the sword
Balthasar Hubmaier's understanding of faith
"This book argues that sixteenth-century European encounters with the newly discovered Mexicans (in the Aztec Empire) and the newly dominant Ottoman Empire can only be understood in relation to the cultural and intellectual changes wrought by the Reformation. Carina L. Johnson chronicles the resultant creation of cultural hierarchy. Starting at the beginning of the sixteenth century, when ideas of European superiority were not fixed, this book traces the formation of those ideas through proto-ethnographies, news pamphlets, Habsburg court culture, gifts of treasure, and the organization of collections".
Archiv für Reformationsgeschichte : Archive for reformation history
The Bohemian Reformation and religious practice. Vol. 1, Papers from the XVIIth World Congress of the Czechoslovak Society of Arts and Sciences, Prague 1994
Luther's works. Vol. 60, Prefaces II
The early Luther : stages in a Reformation reorientation
Calvin's doctrine of man
The annotated Luther. Volume 4, Pastoral writings
Reformed majorities in early modern Europe
Calvinus pastor ecclesiae : papers of the Eleventh International Congress on Calvin Research
History of the reformation of the sixteenth century
Luther & his world
Shifting patterns of reformed tradition
Revelation
Die Reformation in Deutschland und Europa : Interpretationen und Debatten : Beiträge zur gemeinsamen Konferenz der Society for Reformation Research und des Vereins für Reformationsgeschichte, 25.-30. September 1990, im Deutschen Historischen Institut, Washington, D.C. = The reformation in Germany and Europe
The annotated Luther. Volume 2, Word and faith
Luther
General discourse discusses reformation as a spiritual or cultural phenomenon. Recently, the issue comes up in the context of integration policy. The difficulty of integrating Islamic immigrants into Western society is seen as consequent to the lack of the Islam having undergone a reformation. Three generations ago, discussions in the social sciences and, indeed, the news media, were more advanced. Religion was seen as a necessary element of the fabric of any society, and hence, different religions were discussed in terms of how they could together form the social fabric of modern capitalism.
The reformation in England. 3, True religion now established
Be renewed : a theology of personal renewal
Translating Resurrection : the debate between William Tyndale and George Joye in its historical and theological context
The annotated Luther. Volume 1, The roots of reform
Personal renewal or sanctification belongs to the heart of the Christian life and is becoming more important in our present-day culture. Listening to Scripture and in conversation with a variety of theologians from the protestant tradition, the author presents an up-to-date concept for a theology of personal renewal. In this concept the spiritual union with Christ unio mystica cum Christo is taken as the starting point in order to consider the way in which renewal obtains form in relation to God, our neighbour, ourselves and the world. To place this concept into a historical perspective, van Vlastuin begins his study with an investigation of Luther and Calvin's theology concerning the relationship between the union with Christ and personal renewal. The concept is developed within the current theological debate, with particular reference to the eschatological character of the Christian life. An important issue concerns the measure of renewal, especially in relation to the sinful heart of the believer. In this context the author also deals with the question of sanctification as a position or a process, and the relation between the two. In addition the relationship between the Holy Spirit and the human soul in the process of renewal is discussed. Another important issue concerns the abiding significance of the law and the way in which it functions in the Christian life. The exploration of several theological positions leads to a modern concept by which to understand law. The study concludes with an investigation of the relationship between the eschatological Christian life in this present life and the complete revelation of the eschaton.
"Volume 4 of The annotated Luther series presents an array of Martin Luther's writings related to pastoral work, including sermons, hymns, letters, writings on prayer and the Christian life, as well as his widely used Small catechism. Prefaces to his own writings contain his reflections on his own reforming work. Each volume in The annotated Luther series contains new introductions, annotations, illustrations, and notes to help shed light on Luther's context and interpret his writings for today."-- (irtokansi)
The essential Carlstadt : fifteen tracts
Luther and the Reformation: the life-springs of our liberties
The new Cambridge modern history. Vol. 2, The Reformation, 1520-1559
The two Reformations : the journey from the last days to the new world
Anthropological reformations : anthropology in the era of Reformation
This volume contains the papers of the international RefoRC conference on 'Reformed Majorities and Minorities in Early Modern Europe' as it was organized by the Johannes a Lasco Bibliothek, Emden in cooperation with the Faculty of 'Artes Liberales' of the University of Warsaw. The conference took place April 10-12, 2013 in Emden and was part of the research project 'Doctrina et Tolerantia' directed by the Johannes a Lasco Bibliothek. The contributions in this volume deal with the question how the relation between doctrine and toleration was dealt with in territories with a Reformed majority. Did the refugee-experience of the Reformed make them tolerant or militant? How did official policy relate to everyday practice? Were there different opinions on this issue within the Reformed tradition? The answers to these questions give more insights into the diversity of international Calvinism and the way theory was put into practice.
Calvin and the independence of the church
Selected writings of Martin Luther
The Longman companion to the European Reformation, c. 1500-1618
The Oxford encyclopedia of the Reformation. Volume 3
The English Reformation
Institutes of the Christian religion
Reforming printing : Syon Abbey's defence of orthodoxy 1525-1534
Humanism, reform and the Reformation : the career of Bishop John Fisher
Saints, sacrilege and sedition : religion and conflict in the Tudor Reformations
Theologian of sin and grace : the process of radicalization in the theology of Matthias Flacius Illyricus
Herman Speelman deals with a central question in the intellectual history of the sixteenth century: to what extent can Calvin be regarded as responsible for the tendency in Calvinism or, broader, in Reformed Protestantism, to form a church which has its own ecclesiastical organization and office bearers? So far, claiming a great deal of independence for the church has been considered an important aspect of Calvin's legacy. In this line of reasoning, it is assumed that Calvin was a strong opponent of the church as a state organization that did not have its own governing body and power of excommunication. To better understand this issue, we first examine the position of the church within the city-state of Bern. Secondly, we direct our attention to the manner in which Calvin gave form to ecclesiastical life in Geneva. Next we deal with the church in France, and finally, we examine the influence of Calvin and French Calvinism on the organization of the Reformed church in The Netherlands in the 1570s.
Luther's works. Vol. 59, Prefaces I
Success is never final : empire, war and faith in early modern Europe
Art and the Reformation : an annotated bibliography
This book is written as a resource for scholars and students of Anabaptism and Hubmaier studies. Balthasar Hubmaier understood the church to be a visible assembly of regenerated baptized saints, who both memorized Christ's suffering on the cross in the ordinance of the Lord's Supper, and who participated in that suffering as a church under the cross. Hubmaier's doctrine of the church seems to have many parallels both in medieval and sixteenth-century Anabaptist ecclesiology; but it cannot be solidly placed in either category. -- Review: Mabry's treatise provides a valuable introduction to Hubmaier's ecclesiology... Seminary Studies ...there are a number of insights that Mabry brings to the readers' attention that are helpful...Anyone, student or mature scholar can benefit from a careful reading of this thoughtful work. Southwestern Journal Of Theology ...there are a number of insights that Mabry brings to the readers' attention that are helpful...Anyone, student or mature scholar can benefit from a careful reading of this thoughtful work. Southwestern Journal Of Theology Mabry's treatise provides a valuable introduction to Hubmaier's ecclesiology... Seminary Studies
The search for authority in Reformation Europe
Baptism, brotherhood, and belief in Reformation Germany : Anabaptism and Lutheranism, 1525-1585
Martin Luther. [1], His road to Reformation 1483-1521
Monks, miracles and magic : reformation reperesentations of the medieval church
Documents of the English Reformation
Radical Orthodoxy and the Reformed tradition : creation, covenant, and participation
Studies in the Lutheran confessions
Polish and Lithuanian anti-trinitarian eucharistic practice in the 16th and 17th centuries
The Reformation
Women of the Reformation in Germany and Italy
The protracted Reformation in northern Norway : introductory studies
Holy Writ or Holy Church : The crisis of the protestant reformation
The church in the theology of the reformers
The strange and terrible visions of Wilhelm Friess : the paths of prophecy in Reformation Europe
Scotland reformed : the reformation in Angus and the Mearns
The reformation in England. 2, Religio depopulata
Liberated by God's grace : 2017 - 500 years of reformation
The least of my brothers : Matthew 25:31-46 : a history of interpretation
Luther refracted : the reformer's ecumenical legacy
This book aims to explore the meaning of salvation in Balthasar Hubmaier's theology. Previous research has tended to explain and evaluate his theology by locating his identity among contemporary Anabaptists. Moreover, Hubmaier's theology has been variously labeled as Catholic Anabaptist, Magisterial Anabaptist, or as a bridge between the Radical and Magisterial branches of the Reformation. These approaches to Hubmaier's theology essentially depend on a static and transactional perspective where the result comes from the cause. Such an approach cannot fully explain the distinctive features of Hubmaier's theology, because his theology had multiple rather than single influences. To understand Hubmaier's theology, we need to focus on his motive and purpose in writing rather than external influences. This volume attempts to explore a new understanding of Hubmaier's theology reflecting a necessary change in our paradigmatic methodologies. This fresh perspective helps us see that Hubmaier's theology was not static and transactional but dynamic and relational. As Hubmaier's main purpose was to give readers a proper understanding of soteriology, his writings were written from this perspective, concentrating on salvation. This volume aims to enable the reader to access this unique understanding of soteriology by examining his primary texts in three categories: free will, baptism, and the Lord's Supper. To understand Hubmaier's theology through a new methodology leads us to rethink the meaning of salvation.
Reformation unbound : Protestant visions of reform in England, 1525-1590
The German Reformation
The long European reformation : religion, political conflict, and the search for conformity, 1350-1750
Church and school in early modern Protestantism : studies in honor of Richard A. Muller on the maturation of a theological tradition
Divine transcendence and the culture of change
The English reformation to 1558
Cultural hierarchy in sixteenth-century Europe : the Ottomans and Mexicans
Heinrich Bullinger of prophecy and the prophetic office (1523-1538)
The Reformation theologians : an introduction to theology in the early modern period
The culture of English puritanism, 1560-1700
Melanchthon in Europe : his work and influence beyond Wittenberg
The Lutheran reform of poor relief: a historical and legal viewpoint
Eric Platt examines British participation in the Dutch religious and political disputes of the early 17th century (the Bestandstwisten) and its significant impact on both countries. Although the disputes began over predestination, they quickly took on political overtones as the two sides, the Remonstrants (Arminians) and Contra-Remonstrants, vehemently debated proper church-state relations and leading Dutch officials began supporting differing sides. By 1611 King James I and other important British figures had also become closely involved. Although the King's initial impulse was to defuse the conflict, he eventually threw his considerable influence behind the Contra-Remonstrants. This assistance helped them and their political allies secure victory, and a large British contingent participated in the Synod of Dordt that took place in the aftermath of the conflict. Not all British influences, however, came about as a result of direct involvement. Both sidesgreatly relied on British precedents and sources in arguing their positions. The conflict also had an impact on Great Britain. Observers there closely followed developments in the Bestandstwisten and repeatedly expressed concern that the conflict would spread to the British Isles. These fears proved true as the Dutch disputes contributed to increased British disputes about predestination during the 1620s. Scholars have long recognized the importance of the Bestandstwisten and Synod of Dordt for Dutch history and the development of Reformed doctrine. But there has never before been published a full-length treatment of the British involvement in the conflict and its impact on both countries. As the world prepares to commemorate the 400th anniversary of the Synod of Dordt, Platt's book fills this scholarly gap.
The thirteen essays in this volume were all presented originally by the author at international conferences and address three main areas of inquiry, all of which, in one way or another, are of key importance in early modern historical discourse and theological thinking. These three areas are: 1) the theological diversity and the debates that took place within the Reformed tradition in the sixteenth century and beyond; 2) Peter Martyr Vermigli's noteworthy contribution to Reformed ecclesiology and biblical exegesis; 3) aspects of Reformed thought's later enriched decor on both sides of the Atlantic. The essays show that the Reformed tradition is neither monolithic, nor monochrome, nor immutable, but is evolving rather in different, if interrelated patterns and directions.
Entfaltung und zeitgenössische Wirkung der Reformation im europäischen Kontext = Dissemination and contemporary impact of the reformation in a European context
Divine diagrams : the manuscripts and drawings of Paul Lautensack (1477/78-1558)
Suffolk and the Tudors : politics and religion in an English county 1500-1600
The reformation in England
In this work, leading scholars compare the differences and points of intersection between the growing Radical Orthodoxy (RO) movement and the Reformed tradition. This timely discussion deals with many of the hot topics currently being debated in theological and philosophical circles, including the material world's participation in transcendence, aesthetics, politics, covenant, and cultural theory. It represents an emerging willingness among proponents of RO to examine and engage the Dutch Reformed tradition, and also reflects the growing influence of RO on the Reformed tradition. This book will be enjoyed by scholars concerned with the intersection between RO and the Reformed tradition. A companion book to Smith's recently published Introducing Radical Orthodoxy, it will also be of interest to students of philosophy and theology.
Weakness of will in renaissance and reformation thought
Translating Resurrection examines the debate between William Tyndale and George Joye at the beginning of the English Reformation. Occasioned by Joye's coining 'life after this' for Tyndale's 'resurrection' in Joye's 1534 edition of Tyndale's New Testament, this fascinating but little-known debate provides unique insights into the reformers' beliefs concerning post-mortem existence, such as the question of immortality of the soul, soul-sleep, prayers to saints and the doctrine of Purgatory. By providing a thoroughgoing historical and theological context, the book presents an original look at this important episode from the life of the exiled protestant English community. The result will realign scholarship on Tyndale as well as centuries of neglect of Joye's contributions to early modern bible translation.
Marriage and the English reformation
Art and the reformation
Ranke as Reformation historian
The spirit and forms of Protestantism
Balthasar Hubmaier's doctrine of salvation in dynamic and relational perspective
Confessionalization in Europe, 1555-1700 explores the practice of 'confession building' which, in relation to that of 'social disciplining', promoted interrelated processes contributing decisively to the formation of confessional churches, greater social cohesion, and the emergence of the Early Modern absolute state. These are the themes treated in memory of Bodo Nischan. Through the analysis of liturgical, ritual, and ceremonial practices, Nischan sought a better understanding of the Reformation's engagement with the people. The book brings together a closely-focused set of essays by leading scholars from the USA, UK, and Europe to address what historians of the Early Modern period have recently come to define as the pre-eminent issue, as they turn their emphases from the earlier part of the 16th century to the relatively neglected latter half of the century.
Between opposition and collaboration : nobles, bishops, and the German Reformations in the prince-bishopric of Bamberg, 1555-1619
Martin Luther
Reformation : the dangerous birth of the modern world
Tradition and authority in the Reformation
A people's history of modern Europe
A central European synthesis of radical and magisterial reform : the sacremental theology of Balthasar Hubmaier
Luther's works. 69, Sermons on the Gospel of St. John, Chapters 17-20
William Perkins and the making of a Protestant England
Was there a Lutheran metaphysics? : the interpretation of communicatio idiomatum in early modern Lutheranism
The early Reformation on the continent
The Reformation : roots and ramifications
The crisis of the reformation
On providence and other essays
This is a study in the Christology of Jerome Zanchi (1516-90), a leading 16th century reformed scholastic theologian. The study as a whole is bound together by doctrinal topics, themes and trajectories important to the 16th century Christological debates as well as by philosophical issues and arguments. In the first chapter, Stefan Lindholm situates Zanchi in the contemporary research into reformed scholasticism. Lindholm gives an account of what he calls 'analytic Christology' and why it is relevant to the present study. In the second chapter, he contextualizes Zanchi's Christology, historically and theologically. He discusses the sources and context of Zanchi's Christology and characterize it as catholic, scholastic and reformed. In the second part, on the hypostatic union, Lindholm evaluates Zanchi's view of the virgin birth – The process of hominization – in the third chapter. In the fourth chapter, he analyses Zanchi's uses of the part-whole and soul-body similes for the hypostatic union. What emerges is a rather ambiguous view of the hypostatic union. At the end of this chapter, Lindholm offers further correctives to Zanchi's assumed metaphysical framework in order to better accommodate the sort of claims Zanchi wants to make about the hypostatic union. The central theme in the debate between the Lutherans and the reformed theologians, the communication of properties, is treated in the third part. Chapter five deals with Zanchi's controversy with Martin Chemnitz' notion of the majestic genus (genus maiestaticum). In the sixth chapter Lindholm discusses the most heated issue in the debate about the communication of properties: ubiquity. He shows that Zanchi tends to argue against a sort of generalized version of ubiquity but it is not clear that Chemnitz actually ascribed to that position which weakens the force of Zanchi's arguments. Finally, Lindholm looks at two scholastic arguments found in Chemnitz for multi-location and reconstruct a possible Zanchian response to them. In a postscript, Lindholm suggests some trajectories for future research.
Religious space in Reformation England : contesting the past
It has often been noted that the Protestant Reformation of the early sixteenth century witnessed a revived interest in the scriptural notions of prophets and prophecy. Drawing from both late medieval apocalyptic expectations of the immanent end of the world and from a humanist revival of biblical studies, the prophet appeared to many as a suitable role model for the Protestant preacher. A prominent proponent of this prophetic model was the Swiss theologian and church leader Heinrich Bullinger (1504–1575). This study by Daniël Timmerman presents the first in-depth investigation of Bullinger's concept of prophecy and his understanding of the prophetic office. It also engages with the history of the Zurich institute for the study of the Scriptures, which has become widely known as the »Prophezei«.
From iconoclasm to iconophobia : the cultural impact of the second English Reformation
Kingdom and church : a study in the theology of the Reformation
The European reformations sourcebook
The Oxford encyclopedia of the Reformation. Volume 1
Eucharistic sacrifice and patristic tradition in the theology of Martin Bucer, 1534-1546
Continuity and change : the harvest of late medieval and Reformation history : essays presented to Heiko A. Oberman on his 70th birthday
Challenging the widespread classification of evangelical theologian Balthasar Hubmaier (1480-1528) as a Schleitheim-adhering Anabaptist, this book argues that Hubmaier should instead be understood as a bridge between the Radical and Magisterial branches of the Reformation and provides for a deeper understanding of one of the 16th century's most creative and sophisticated thinkers.
Eucharist and the poetic imagination in early modern England
Handbook of European history 1400-1600 : late Middle Ages, Renaissance and Reformation. Vol. 2, Visions, programs and outcomes
A survey of the history of the Reformation in Poland and Lithuania
From the mouth of the whale
Britain and the Bestandstwisten : the causes, course and consequences of British involvementin the Dutch religious and political disputes of the early seventeenth century
