http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13157 work experience
work experience
International social development : social work experiences and perspectives
How's your dissertation going : students share the rough reality of dissertation and project work
Team leaders' experiences with receiving positive feedback
Sport, recreation and tourism event management : theoretical and practical dimensions
Abstract: This study explores the conditions of good work in IT consultancy business. The objectives of the study are to find the attributes that employees consider important for good work in an IT consultancy business, and to examine the present conditions in the case company for the good work as well as how the likelihood for good work could be improved.    The concept of good work is used as a framework for this study and supported by the model for engagement and the factors affecting it. The model is built on the theory of motivation and the experience of flow as seen from the individual's perspective as well as the theory of positive deviance and transformational leadership, as seen from the organization's socio cultural point of view. In the literature review, quite many topics studied were found to be overlapping and linked to different theories. As a result, the attributes from the theoretical framework were grouped under six headings of empowerment, meaningfulness, relatedness, communication, rewards & recognition and leadership.    This research is a qualitative type of research with the data coming from two main sources. The first source is the survey questionnaire based on the literature review, which was responded by 64 people representing the population both from the product development and IT consulting employees in the case company. The second source is the interview and open discussion with eight employees in the case company.    In order to answer the research question, the results were compiled from the question-naires and interviews and analyzed against the theoretical framework to understand what people see as the characteristics for each of six headings and to what extent the conditions for good work are met in case organization. Additionally the implications were discussed and recommendations were prepared for the management and employees that could enhance the opportunities for doing the good work in the case company meeting the standards for excellence and ethics and at the same time leading to a feeling of well being in employees. The recommendations are subsequently validated in the case organization by the reference group formed by the researcher.
Creating your culinary career
Studies on human capital flows and spatial labour markets
What are the biggest cultural factor-related challenges for Finnish SMEs while doing business with the Chinese?  : case: real voice from three businessmen
Fehler : Ihre Funktionen im Kontext individueller und gesellschaftlicher Entwicklung = Errors : their functions in context of individual and societal development
Foreigners studying nursing in Finland : a study about experiences from practical placements
The teacher as a source of educational support : exploring teacher-child interactions and teachers' pedagogical practices in Finnish preschool classrooms
In the midst of the whirlwind : a manual for helping refugee children
What mothers do especially when it looks like nothing
Toward connectivity : internships of Finnish universities of applied sciences
Abstract: Well-being in low-income families with children.
Evaluation of systems and programmes : third report on vocational training research in Europe : background report
Value creation in collaboration between software suppliers and customers: suppliers’ perspective
How psychotherapists develop : a study of therapeutic work and professional growth
Attracting and retaining customers in the internet
Caring for dying and meeting death : the views of Iranian and Swedish nurses and student nurses
An analysis of participants’ experiences of HELMO workshops
Comparative employment relations in the global economy
"Issues like this have an impact" : the need-adapted treatment of psychosis and the psychiatrist's inner dialogue
Running a hotel on the roof of the world : five years in Tibet
Factors influencing auditors' information usage : experience, risk, task structure and information reliability
How to prepare for a career in fashion
General competences of school curriculum in adventure module for school youth worker
On whom falls the burden of restructuring? : evidence from Finland
Kivun hoitotyön opas = Guidelines for nursing interventions in pain management
Diaconal workers : alongsiders or dumpsters?
Summary in Estonian.
Children's and parents' experiences on everyday life and the home/work balance in Finland
Children's achievement behaviors in relation to their skill development and temperament
How ethnic minority nursing students experience healthcare services in Finland : a qualitative descriptive study
Into the whirly wind : stories of "first year out" teaching
Enabling praxis : challenges for education
The Secret Recipe for Future Supply Chains – The Silent Voice of the Customer : Case: Freight Forwarding Company X
Work-placement assessment as a lived-through educationally meaningful experience of the student : an application of the phenomenological descriptive approach
European perspectives on learning at work : the acquisition of work process knowledge
International perspectives on veteran teachers
Impact of education and training : third report on vocational training research in Europe : background report
'Careers in Media and Film' has been written to help students graduates and academics from the disciplines of film, media and related subjects (and for those from other disciplines who want to break into the media) with their career choices.
TTnet dossier. 5, Validation of competences and the professionalisation of teachers and trainers : [Validation des acquis et professionnalisation des enseignants et formateurs]
Women's narratives on fibromyalgia, functioning and life events
Summary (s. 5-8).
Discursive matrixes of motherhood : cultivating decency and emotion in Finnish and French mother-talk
Changing the message : a handbook for experiental prevention
Admen, mad men, and the real world of advertising : essential lessons for business and life
The experience of work
Summary.
Learning through work experience for the knowledge economy : issues for educational research and policy
Developing a Framework for the Implementation and Development of a Digital Customer interface for the Case Company X.
Associations between age and cognitive foundation skills in the Nordic countries : a closer look at the data
Co-creating understanding of the role of senses in magazine paper selection
Multi-age and more : building connections
Diaconal workers - alongsiders or dumpsters?
Career development of graduates : the case of Turku university of applied sciences
A study on gross job flows of SMEs in Finland : the importance of employees' characteristics
The foundations of evaluation and impact research : third report on vocational training research in Europe : background report
Child and infant pain : principles of nursing care and management
Critical perspectives on user involvement
Pilgrims' reflections on the Camino de Santiago and Glastonbury as expressions of vernacular religion : fieldworker's perspective
Technological change and job redesign: implications for the quality of working life : a qualitative case study into employee experiences during the digitalization of radio and television program production
A whole life
Experience and shared practice : design engineers' learning at work
Behind the Chinese miracle : migrant workers tell their stories
Exploring 'Good Work' in IT consultancy business
Settlement process of Afghan immigrant women based on cultural perspective in Finland
Exploratory investigation into the use of performance appraisal interviews and predictors of subordinate feedback seeking behaviour in a banking environment
Experiential learning in action
Staying well in an unstable world of work : prospective cohort study of the determinants of employee well-being
Team development programme : a training manual
The midwife of Hope River : a novel
Abstract: Introduction  Migration to the Nordic country Finland has increased dramatically in the last 20 years. Statistics Finland projects for the next few decades the number of immigrants will remain above 27,000 people a year. Finland is predicted to have a labour shortage within the next 15 years, especially in the field of healthcare. The UN and WHO have recommended that nations keep their migrant policies in line with human rights. This includes access to health care. Finland follows these recommendations. The purpose of this project is to investigate and describe how ethnic minority nursing students in the capital area experience health care in Finland: using healthcare services themselves or accompanying a friend or family member, and providing healthcare as a student nurse in a clinical placement or working on a ward. This study is part of the Local & Global Development in Social & Health Care (LOG-Sote) project.  Methods  This is a qualitative descriptive study. Six nursing students from a capital area Finnish University of Applied Sciences were interviewed. Topics were derived from the Papadopoulos, Tilki, Taylor model of cultural competence and formed into a tool to guide the interviews. The data from the interviews were categorized into themes using inductive content analysis.  Results  The findings showed that as a patient the participants had positive and negative experiences. Their general feeling about the Finnish healthcare system was positive. However, they all had negative experiences. Negative experiences occurred with healthcare professionals who were culturally incompetent. This affected the quality of care they received. Positive experiences resulted from interactions with culturally competent healthcare professionals. Most of their difficulties they faced were because of their use of English and lack of proficiency in Finnish. They experienced discrimination, stereotyping and ethnocentrism. Their experiences as students were a bit similar to their experiences as patients. These included incidents that happened to them and events they witnessed happening to other ethnic minority patients. The students as a whole gave a description of two nurse archetypes; the closed nurse and the open nurse. The participants were often challenged with nurses who were closed but they gravitated towards nurses who were open. The open nurses were friendly, encouraging, and happy to work with people from different cultures.  Conclusions  The results show ethnic minority nursing students are facing adversity because many Finnish healthcare workers are culturally incompetent. Finnish healthcare curriculums should be reviewed to see if there is enough multicultural education. More multicultural training is needed for healthcare professionals in the capital area of Finland. Models of cultural competence should be reviewed and incorporated into the Finnish nursing practice.
Abstract  (s. 9).
Value creation in collaboration between software suppliers and customers : suppliers’ perspective
From memories of the past to anticipations of the future:pre-service elementary teachers’ mathematical identity work
Almas’ story : a young muslim refugee girl’s experiences as newcomer in Northern-Finland
Moving on! : encounters and experiences in Arts - working multiprofessionally with the youth : MIMO project 2010-2013
How do early childhood education teachers perceive their expertise? : a qualitative study of child care providers in Lapland, Finland
Pieces of the big picture : exploring employment of rehabilitees with European partners
Careers in media and film : the essential guide
An excursion to project hatcheries : students' experiences in multidisciplinary learning projects
Other ways of learning : outdoor adventure education and experiential learning in school and youth work
Induction practices : experiences of newly qualified teachers
Economic studies on higher education and productivity
Learning by leaving : placements abroad as didactic tool in the context of vocational education and training in Europe
Facing working life as a language professional : the experiences of eight English graduates working in fields other than teaching
The leadership experience
Summary (s. 3-5).
