http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1313 payments
payments
Essays on environmental regulation with applications to Sweden
Finland's financial system is, by structure, vulnerable to risks associated with lending for house purchase. Housing loan volumes are large relative to other lending by banks and requirements on banks' own funds. The fact that household debt levels have increased and that housing wealth constitutes a large proportion of household assets also increases the vulnerabilities. In addition, covered bonds secured by housing loans play a significant role in bank funding and investment. However, the increase in vulnerabilities has largely levelled off in the 2010s..
Electronic money trends : user's perspective
Intraday liquidity needs in a modern interbank payment system : a simulation approach
The cost of enlargement of the EU on the Finnish annual budget : a financial analysis of the effect of ten new members entering the European Union on Finland's budget from a pre-accession point of view
Dues and charges on shipping in foreign ports : a manual of reference for the use of shipowners, shipbrokers, and shipmasters
Payment, foreign currency and country codes
The mixed oligopoly of cross-border payment systems
Approaches to deposit pricing : a study in the determination of deposit interest and bank service charges
Implementation of monetary policy at the zero lower bound and below
Report of the Workshop and Exchange of Views on Fiscal Reforms for Fisheries - to Promote Growth, Poverty Eradication and Sustainable Management : Rome, 13-15 October 2003
Water consumption and limitations for effective operations in the Leningrad region water sector : comparing findings from Finland, Latvia, Lithuania and Russia
Open government data: legal, economical, and semantic web aspects
Payments remain fundamental for banks and central banks
Settlement in modern network-based payment infrastructures : description and prototype of the E-settlement model
Keeping foreign students interested in HAMK after the introduction of new tuition fees.
Financing irrigation services : a literature review and selected case studies from Asia
Forecasting the electronification of payments with learning curves : the case of Finland
Green fees : how a tax shift can work for the environment and the economy
Parking fees, congestion, and consumer welfare
Monetization in computer games
Electronic commerce : principles and practice
Tuition rising : why college costs so much
Cybercash : the coming era of electronic money
Valuation of environmental and societal trade-offs of renewable energy sources
National km-tax for passenger cars cost estimation
Payment risk in export sales : a view to exporter's payment risk and it's management by most common methods of effecting payment in cross-border transactions
Recreation fee issues : an emphasis on science involvement
Controlling pollution in transition economies : theories and methods
Blockchain basics : a non-technical introduction in 25 steps
Macroprudential supervision racing to keep pace with market developments
Market infrastructures : the pillars of financial stability
Corporate treasury and cash management
Will digitalisation transform the financial sector too?
Traditional financial participants are facing new competition in the wake of digitalisation. On one hand, major technology giants have begun to provide services designed primarily for payments but partly also for lending, while on the other hand fast-growing fintech startups are out to peck the most delicious titbits off banks' plates, spurred by feather-light cost structures and new ways of thinking..
Distributive justice and cooperation in real-life social dilemmas
User charges for health care : a review of the underlying theory and assumptions
Taxes and tax-like payments
At the height of the financial crisis some weeks after the collapse of Lehman Brothers, the Eurosystem adopted a full allotment policy in the refinancing of banks. The move from variable rate tenders and controlling the amounts of liquidity provided to the banks towards fixed interest rates was necessary when the financial intermediation capacity of the banking system had been paralysed and the traditional way implementing monetary policy had led to a significant increase in the price of central bank liquidity provision. This article examines how ensuring banks' access to liquidity through central bank operations has resulted in a situation where, for five years already, short-term money market rates have been lower than the interest rate on the main refinancing operations (MRO rate), that is, the Eurosystem's traditional key steering rate. The article discusses central banks' short-term challenges in the steering of interest rates and outlines a longer-term operational model that would enable the dual use of credit operations both for steering interest rates and, in parallel, for ensuring the availability of central bank funding. The model is based on a differentiated use of collateral in different types of operations conducted by the Eurosystem..
Global biodiversity finance : the case for international payments for ecosystem services
Substitution of noncash payment instruments for cash in Europe
Economic instruments for environmental management : a worldwide compendium of case studies
The prolonged recession in the Finnish economy has been directly reflected in the public finances, which have posted a deficit for 6 years already. In 2017, the public debt will rise to over 68% of GDP, which is more than double the level recorded in 2008. Given that the longer-term outlook for Finnish economic growth is poor due to the prolonged recession, a dwindling working-age population and industrial restructuring, the upward trend in public debt is disquieting..
Cellular positioning system (CPS)
Developing the book-entry securities account transfer process in a financial services company : case: back office
Exporting and management of risk
Payment arrangements among economies in transition : the case of the CIS
The effect of supply system on the wood paying capability of a kraft pulp mill using Scots pine harvested from first thinnings
The effect of non-audit fees on audit quality
Returns and illiquidity : study of the Finnish stock market
Methods of payment / terms of payment in Finnish foreign trade : cases and exercises
User charging for government services : best practice guidelines and case studies
Pace of debt growth disquieting
Internationalization through the partner relationships : case of "IK-Telecom" company
A payment service for Internet using SET, Secure Electronic Transaction
This study examines development of the banking sectors in Estonia, Latvia, and Lithuania from 1990 onwards.While institutional and legislative developments are discussed, the main emphasis is on the development of services provided by banks. The role of banks as intermediators of capital and as providers of a system of payments is generally seen as extremely important in achieving efficiency in market economies.Related to this view are the questions of how an economy in transition evolves successfully into a market economy as well as what effects the structure and performance of the banking sector have on the transition process.The Baltic cases provide a number of valuable insights in this regard. Banks in Baltic countries have developed fairly quickly and all have encountered a banking crisis of some magnitude.At the moment, Baltic banks can be said to fulfill at least part of their role as intermediators of capital.Also payment systems are now fairly well developed.However, it is fairly clear that the evolution of these banking sectors have a long way to go. Further reduction in the number of banks seems likely as most banks are still small, capital requirements have been raised, supervision is becoming tighter and competition among banks is increasing. Key words Banking, Baltic countries, banking supervision .
An approach to query cost modelling in numeric databases
In a prolonged environment of exceptionally low interest rates, the authorities are responsible for ensuring the adequate monitoring of potential vulnerabilities due to low interest rates. Before measures to manage risks can be implemented, the risks must first be identified. Owing to continuous market developments, there is a strong need to update the analysis conducted by the authorities..
User fees, expenditure restructuring and voucher systems in education
Payments for ecosystem services as a road to sustainability? : a case of forest dispute in Muonio, Northern Finland
This third edition of the leading textbook on personalisation considers key policy changes since 2009 and new research into the extension and outcomes of personal budgets. It is essential reading for students, practitioners and policy makers in social work and community care services.
Pro PayPal E-Commerce
Environmental taxes and charges : National experiences and plans : report of the European Workshop held at the foundation, Dublin, on 7-8 February 1996
Laila, a file sharing indulgence service
Differences in taxation on heavy goods vehicles in Europe
Terms of payment - a risk management tool in export trade
Stock returns and corporate governance quality of international Acquirers
Factoring law and practice
Why are euro area banks' credit standards still tight?
Fiscal transfers and redistribution in the European union : do smaller member states ger more than their share?
How firm characteristics affect Capital Structure : An Analysis of Finnish Technology Industry
Approaches to resolving the international documentary letters of credit fraud issue
Household debt - how much is too much?
Acid rain and emissions trading : implementing a market approach to pollution control
Liquidity shocks in the eurosystem interbank market
Consumers' attitudes towards food prices
Paying with plastic : the digital revolution in buying and borrowing
Basel accord and corporate bond yield spreads
The Eurosystem currently implements monetary policy in circumstances that are very different from those of the early years of the financial and debt crisis. The Governing Council of the ECB has pursued an accommodative monetary policy and lowered the central bank's policy rates close to zero, meaning that the scope for lowering the expected real interest rate by deployment of traditional monetary policy instruments is now limited. Inflation expectations that are lower than the Eurosystem's objective of price stability raise the real interest rate. This article looks at the non-standard monetary policy instruments with which, despite the zero lower bound, the Eurosystem has been able to steer market interest rates and strengthen expectations of a continuation of the accommodative monetary policy stance..
Bank lending and credit creation around the financial crisis : empirical evidence in Eurozone banks during 2006-2012
Preference discontinuity in choice experiment : determinants and implication
Toll financing and private sector involvement in road infrastructure development : report
Monetary policy will continue to support price stability and growth
Environmental taxes : implementation and environmental effectiveness : summary
Rising indebtedness increases risks in China
Price level of the Finnish telecommunications charges 2005
A new approach to faster retail service and customer satisfaction : how NFC and RFID technologies may improve current retail business performance
The effects of the Government's economic policy programme are assessed separately in this alternative scenario, as the programme is not included in the baseline forecast. The consolidation measures, if carried through, will markedly strengthen the public finances. On account of the measures, growth in the general government debt to GDP ratio will come to a halt in 2019. The effects on economic growth essentially depend on whether cost-competitiveness can also be improved. Despite the consolidation measures, the general government debt ratio resumes growth over the longer term..
Economic instruments for air pollution control
Economic valuation of ecosystem services provided by coastal habitats in Finland, Sweden, and Lithuania
Applied transport economics : policy, management and decision making
A strategic analysis on the development of e-payment in China
Methods of payment in Finnish foreign trade : cases and exercises for classroom work
The trends of the early post-millennium years - a larger average loan size and longer loan repayment periods - have permanently increased household vulnerability to debt-related risks in Finland. Household indebtedness embraces another four features that amplify the risks to the economy: the debt level is high relative to GDP, risks are unevenly distributed, loans are tied to variable interest rates and, in part, loans are large relative to the collateral provided. The stabilisation of debt developments in the 2010s has been positive for financial stability..
Fiscal multipliers revisited
Sacred economics : money, gift, & society in the age of transition
This paper is an overview on the Open Government Data (OGD) environment in the EU. It aims to point out the relevant legal issues together with the economic aspects arising from the disclosure and exploitation of OGD. Therefore, the paper highlights the noteworthy technological aspects related with the opening of OGD datasets. This survey is based on an interdisciplinary approach. Interdisciplinarity in the digital environment means that OGD should be considered as an integrated, interoperable and collaborative ecosystem. The main legislative source taken into account for the survey is the Directive 2003/98/EC on the re-use of public sector information as recently amended by the Directive 37/2013/EU..
Balance of payments and international investment position
Empirical studies on the private value of Finnish patents
Healthcare payment systems : an introduction
Benefits of reduced eutrophication : evidence from Finland, the Baltic Sea area and Europe for policy making
Industrial-scale hydrothermal carbonization of waste sludge materials for fuel production
The effect of liquidity and time-lag on ETF discounts and ETF return predictability
A comparative financial analysis of cross-country skiing and ice hockey
Clearing, money and investment: The Finnish perspective on trading with the USSR
Success factors for fee-based information services
The Current State of NFC Payments in Finland : An exploratory study on the attitudes and opinions towards NFC payments
A transaction cost based comparison of consumers' choice between conventional and electronic markets
The legal environment for importing in the European Union : case study Suomen Mercus Oy
Abstract (s. 4). Ececutive summary (s. 5-6).
International money and finance
Export/import letters of credit and payment methods : a guide for payments in international trade
Tips on tipping : a global guide to gratuity etiquette
Environmental funds in economies in transition
Banking sectors in Baltic countries
Access pricing and competition in telecommunications
Towards the Geopolitics of Flows : implications for Finland
Pocket statistics
The use of economic instruments in environmental policy : report from a seminar in Oslo, January 1993.
Modern banking solutions changing business and people
Welfare incidence of subsidized recreation services in Finland
Re-engineering payment systems for the e-world
This article draws a historical perspective on clearing systems and payment unions examining their manifestations from simple barter systems to EMU.The introduction of commensurability, transferability and convertibility and their cost-saving effects are explained in formal terms and by means of numerical illustration. The prerequisites for introducing convertibility through clearing unions are discussed generally and in terms of the CIS.Based on the experiences of the Interstate Bank and the Finnish-Soviet clearing system, the author concludes that an arrangement similar to the European Payment Union would not, for a number of reasons, provide a viable solution for CIS clearing arrangements.Rather, the rapidly developing commercial banking sector and multi-CIS financial-industrial groups potentially have the capability to adequately accommodate the problem as long as members pursue sound monetary and foreign exchange rate policies. Keywords: clearing, payment union, CIS .
Mobile money transfer: A focus on the impact and usage
Environmental taxes : implementation and environmental effectiveness
Free movement of services in Europe : finding the scope and limits of remuneration
Rubber and the environment : proceedings of the Joint Workshop of the United Nations Conference on Trade and Development and the International Rubber Study Group, 30 October 1998, Denpasar, Bali, Indonesia
Case Billerud and the proportionality of the EU ETS excess emissions penalty
Visitors' willingness to pay for an entrance fee to cultural heritage sites : the case of Suomenlinna
Employment and progressive employer's social security contributions
Payment efficiency and payment pricing : four essays
Consolidation measures strengthen public finances
The customs law of Asia
Willingness to pay for  online physician services
During the past year, there has been intense debate over the correlation between fiscal consolidation and economic growth. This article argues that the observed growth forecast errors for euro area countries in 2010-2011 were not caused by underestimated fiscal multipliers. Instead, the errors were due to a general reassessment of euro area sovereign risk, which disproportionately impacted the more vulnerable euro area countries. These countries experienced a sharp increase in their sovereign borrowing costs, a tightening of credit conditions and ultimately a sharper-than-expected contraction of domestic demand..
The total amount of public and private debt in China has increased rapidly since the financial crisis. The country's debt-to-GDP ratio has already reached the level seen in many advanced economies. The rapid rise in debt in many countries has led to financial sector problems and to a marked slowing of economic growth. Sustainable management of the economy in China would require a slowdown in the debt build-up. There are no indications of this as yet. Curbing debt accumulation would require China's readiness to accept lower growth targets..
Process quality in the Trade Finance unit from the perspective of corporate banking employees
Creation the SEPA and its impacts on companies in Finland
Direct payments and personal budgets : putting personalisation into practice
Setting user charges for public services : policies and practice at the Asian Development Bank
"Debate about how best to ensure the preservation of agricultural biodiversity is caught in a counter-productive polemic between proponents and critics of market-based instruments and agricultural modernisation. This book argues that neither position does justice to the range of strategies that farmers use to manage agrobiodiversity and other livelihood assets as they adapt to changing social, economic, and environmental circumstances. Chapters explore relationships between the exploitation and conservation of agricultural biodiversity and the livelihoods of agricultural communities, and evaluate the capacity of national and multilateral institutions and policy settings to support the protection and capture by communities of agrobiodiversity values. The place of ecosystem services in valuing biodiversity in the marketplace is emphasized. A number of authors assess the potential for market-based instruments and initiatives to encourage the protection of biodiversity, while others compare agrobiodiversity/community relationships, and the effectiveness of instruments designed to enhance these, across international boundaries. The book takes a comparative approach, drawing on empirical case studies from across the developed and developing worlds. In doing so, the book does not simply point to similarities and differences in the experience of rural communities. It also shows how global trade and multilateral institutions bring these otherwise disparate communities together in networks that exploit and/or preserve agrobiodiversity and other resources."--Back cover.
Coopetitive service innovation in mobile payment ecosystems
A systematic methodology for relational query cost modelling
The regulation of termination charges in telephony
Agriculture, biodiversity and markets : livelihoods and agroecology in comparative perspective
Referat.
The role of auditors in the Finnish limited liability companies as to solvency test in the context of asset distribution
Regional divergence is a strong feature of the Finnish housing market and household debt. House prices are higher in growth centres than in the rest of the country, and households in growth centres also have more housing debt both in absolute terms and relative to their income. In the long term, the mutually reinforcing cycles and vulnerabilities in housing and credit markets could turn out to be detrimental to financial stability and the macroeconomy..
Lending to households and non-financial corporations has been sluggish and credit standards have continued to be tight in many euro area countries. In June 2014, the Governing Council of the ECB decided to support bank lending to the corporate sector by pledging to commence a series of targeted longer-term refinancing operations. Although the significance of the banking sector in the transmission of monetary policy to the real economy is considerable, the factors behind changes in banks' credit standards in the euro area have not been empirically analysed. With the help of the ECB's Bank Lending Survey, a survey of bank lending and credit demand in the euro area, this article examines to what extent the changes in the terms of credit for corporate loans are due to supply and demand factors, how the size of a company applying for credit affects the terms applied and how the situation in stressed countries differs from that in other euro area countries..
Heritage attractions are one the oldest and most common places visited by tourists. These historical places are important for both the community in which they operate and for tourists who visit them. However, concerns arise when the benefits received by one of these two groups are either threatened or minimized. One of the common problems faced by heritage attractions is insufficient funding for conservation works. The Fortress of Suomenlinna is a UNESCO World Heritage Site that lately has experienced a rise in number of visitors during summer periods of the year and the site is currently free of charge.  Speculating about an entrance fee policy as a way to manage the increasing number of visitors, this thesis addresses the willingness to pay of tourists for one-day visit fee to Suomenlinna by employing the Contingent Valuation survey method in an open-ended format.    Visitors were identified into three main typologies; by their motivation to visit, by their visitation patterns, and by their geographic characteristics. A sample 268 visitors responded to questionnaires in the beginning of March 2008. 59% of participants answered positively to the willingness to pay questions. The value of the mode was 0 Euros, the median was 2 Euros, and the mean was 3.7 Euros. Cultural visitors, first-time visitors, and foreign visitors were more positive toward paying for one-day visit fee to Suomenlinna than leisure, repeat, or domestic visitors. One key finding is that regardless of the reason for visiting or the frequency of visits to Suomenlinna, foreign respondents gave higher amounts than domestic ones. And contrary to expectations, a good number of leisure and domestic participants were also willing to pay a visit fee to Suomenlinna to contribute to its maintenance. These results suggest that there is at hand a source of additional funding to continue maintaining the site and to manage tourism-related activities.
Non-cash payments : Role of the banking sector in non-cash payments settlement: Case of CIBANK
The Financial Crisis in Europe and United States 2007-2010
Protection of transboundary waters : guidance for policy- and decision-making
The relationship between Hofstede's and Schwartz's cultural dimensions and payment delays in the context of the European Union
The Law Relating to Consular Fees
Environmental taxes and charges : National experiences and plans : papers from the Dublin Workshop
Liquidity regulation makes a comeback
One country, many housing markets
Bridewealth : an ethnographic study on the narratives and descriptions of the practice of bridewealth establishing its purposes, effects and consequences among the Luo, Kikuyu, Kalenjin, Meru, Kamba, Maasai, Kisii and Luhya ethnic groups in Kenya
Payment for environmental services in agricultural landscapes : economic policies and poverty reduction in developing countries
Making money : fees for library services
Customer willingness to pay for sustainability in the food sector : an examination of three WTP types
Managing business transactions : controlling the cost of coordinating, communicating, and decision making
The Basel III regulatory framework involves the introduction of the first internationally harmonised regulations on banking liquidity. The new regulations are largely a consequence of the storms experienced on the financial markets in recent years. In autumn 2008, a lot of banks found themselves in liquidity difficulties, when the markets for many securities and financial contracts previously considered liquid ground to a halt. The point of the new regulations is to force banks to protect themselves from these types of problems. This article presents the background to the liquidity reform and assesses liquidity regulation with the aid of theoretical economic models..
Unions, labour supply and structure of taxation : equal tax bases
Fair and intelligent transport : working group final report
High housing debt increases risks to financial stability
Contentment of SEPA-introduction of Corporate Customers of Säästöpankki
Doing business in Russia : based on the example of Saint Petersburg and Northwestern Russia. Episode 2, Preparing for business : win the battle before getting engaged in it!
Payments and credits
Defaults and recoveries in the global corporate bond markets : estimating movements over business cycles
Impact of 2004 tax change on valutation of dividends
Two targets, one instrument: Steering interest rates and preserving financial stability with Eurosystem credit operations
Turnbull's dock and port charges for the United Kingdom of Great Britain
Finland's Balance of Payments
The factors affecting the use of contactless payments
Recommendations on payments for ecosystem services in integrated water resources management : Convention on the Protection and Use of Transboundary Watercourses and International Lakes
The future of payment systems
The financial system consists of financial institutions and the market infrastructures that connect them. They are both key to the stability of the system as a whole. The basic assumption is that infrastructures function reliably, and their criticality is noticed only in the event of a disruption. Stability analysis should, therefore, increasingly extend its focus to include both the functioning of infrastructures and their interconnectedness with financial institutions..
Of the various factors of uncertainty surrounding the international economic outlook at the present time, a substantial proportion relates to policy choices. Much expectation focuses on US economic policy in the immediate years ahead, but so far no details are known. Meanwhile, the United Kingdom's new arrangements in respect of its international economic relations remain undecided, while the UK Government's detailed objectives are not entirely clear. Politically motivated uncertainties regarding the economic outlook are also to be found elsewhere in Europe and beyond..
