http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13149 public welfare
public welfare
Poverty is not a vice : charity, society, and the state in imperial Russia
Integrated food security phase classification : technical manual version 2.0 : evidence and standards for better food security decisions
Vietnam : Hanoi Water Supply Project : report of the Evaluation and Appraisal Mission
Prevention of violence against nurses in the emergency department
Starter Packs : a strategy to fight hunger in developing countries? : lessons from the Malawi experience 1998-2003
Technology and nursing : practice, concepts and issues
Essays on Finnish municipal finance and intergovernmental grants
Social work and empowerment ; Robert Adams
The international drinking water and sanitation decade 1981-1990 in Finland. 2, Finnish international activity
Comparison of four Nordic-supported rural water supply projects in Tanzania
Historically, European churches have played a large part in the provision of welfare. Responsibility, however, has gradually shifted to the state - a shift that forms an integral part of the process of secularization and one that has been readily accepted by European populations. But what happens when the state itself begins to recede - a process that is occurring in most, if not all, European societies for a wide variety of reasons? The implications for welfare are considerable, not least for the role of the churches which begin to resume the responsibilities previously shed but in new and different ways. This book looks at the connections between religion and welfare in Europe, exploring in detail eight European societies - Finland, Norway, Sweden, England, Germany, France, Italy and Greece. The different theological traditions, different church-state relationships and different welfare regimes are all examined. The analysis is based on first hand empirical research which examines not only the changing situation on the ground, but attitudes towards this within a range of different constituencies - the churches, local government and the general public. Particular attention is paid to the significance of gender in both the process of change and in attitudes towards this. "Welfare and Religion in 21st Century Europe, Volume 1" represents comparative research at its best and highlights key policy implications for the future. A companion book, "Welfare and Religion in 21st Century Europe, Volume 2" explores thematically the changing nature of religion and welfare and the new relationships that are emerging between the religious and the secular, and between church and state in the 21st century.
Kenya : rural water supply development project in Western Province : report of the review and appraisal mission (Phases I and II), June 1985.
Abstract.
Englantia ensiavuksi = First aid in Finnish
The cultural dimension of development : report of the Afro-Nordic seminar on the cultural dimension of development organized by the Finnish Commission for Unesco, 22-26 April, 1985
Women exposed to acute physical intimate partner violence seeking care at emergency departments
Legitimating aid : donors and policy making in the rural water supply and sanitation sector in Nepal
The modern law of charities
When technology fails : a manual for selfreliance, sustainability, and surviving the long emergency
The right to adequate food in emergencies
International organizations and health policies
Postgraduate training programme in the field of water supply and sanitation : report of the evaluation study, December 1985.
Empowerment, participation and social work
Kenya : Kenya-Finland rural water supply development project in Western Province : report of the evaluation/appraisal mission April-May 1988
Independent living market in Germany, UK, Italy, Belgium and the Netherlands
Review questions and answers for veterinary technicians
Assistive technology : matching device and consumer for successful rehabilitation
A management model for physical risks in the care work
Medicine, charity and mutual aid : the consumption of health and welfare in Britain, c. 1550-1950
Technical and non-technical aspects of externally supported rural water supply projects in developing countries
Political economy of food : proceedings of an international seminar
Webster's Pocket Medical & First Aid Dictionary of the english language
New technologies in health care : challenge, change and innovation
Crisis management in acute care settings : human factors, team psychology, and patient safety in a high stakes environment
Law and poverty: 1965 : prepared as a working paper for the National Conference on Law and Poverty
Where there is no doctor : a village health care handbook
Development plan for the elder care services of St. Petersburg
My health technology for seniors
Where there is no doctor : a village health care handbook for Africa
Embodied history : the lives of the poor in early Philadelphia
Development cooperation policy in the run-up to 2000 : collection of communications from the Commission to the Council and the European Parliament and of relevant resolutions, declarations and conclusions of the Council of Ministers. [Vol. 1], May 1992/May 1995
World food in the 1990s : production, trade and aid
Procuring water : foreign aid and rural water supply in Nepal
Rehabilitation of the physically disabled adult
The poor in England, 1700-1850 : an economy of makeshifts
Public sector achievement in 36 countries : a comparative assessment of inputs, outputs and outcomes
One world one responsibility : X World Congress of the World Federation of the Deaf : proceedings = Même monde responsibilité partagée : Xème Congrès mondial de la FMS : actes, Espoo, Finland 20.-28.7.1987
Welfare and religion in 21st century Europe. Volume 1, Configuring the connections
This report examines the inputs, outputs and outcomes of the public sector in 36 countries (including the EU-28) over the period 1995-2012. We study two sectors - education and health - in some detail, while taking a more general look at the sectors social safety, housing, social security and public administration, and a preliminary look at the sectors economic affairs and infrastructure, environmental protection, and sport, culture and participation. How do countries perform relative to their peers? Has their performance improved or worsened in recent years? Can countries learn from one another in this respect? The final part of the report looks at five sectors simultaneously and aims to identify and illustrate cross-sectoral patterns in the performance of regions and countries. 0The report is the third edition in this series. The results presented are intended to serve as input for the Dutch Presidency of the European Union in the first half of 2016. The report should be of interest to anyone with a broad interest in the public sector and public policy from an international comparative perspective.
On the parish? : the micro-politics of poor relief in rural England c. 1550-1750
Child support handbook
World food programme news
Food aid and the disincentive effect in Tanzania
There was fear that the global economic crisis would interrupt the flow of remittances to developing countries, force migrants to return to their sending households and endanger the economic health of sending nations. However, anxiety over the collapse of remittances was largely unfounded. While there was a small decline in remittance flows globally in 2009, in general, they did not fall as far or as quickly as other forms of assistance and they have begun to recover. In this paper we examine a series of myths that colour the remittance debate. Debunking the myths that surround remittances allows us to show the complex role remittances play for migrants, their sending households and communities as developing nations cope with the global economic crisis..
Exploring the role and transformative potential of human rights in development practice and food security : a case study from Malawi
First aid at sea
War, hunger, and displacement : the origins of humanitarian emergencies. Vol. 1, Analysis
Finnish aid to the Tanzanian health sector : a study of the training of rural medical aids and the health of women
Transnational and historical perspectives on global health, welfare and humanitarianism
Citizenship directive 2004/38 and the residence rights of non-economically active European migrants : towards a tangible social citizenship?
Gerotechnology : research and practice in technology and aging : a textbook and reference for multiple disciplines
The welfare state and the "deviant poor" in Europe, 1870-1933
Therapeutic interaction : a study of mutual help in the meetings of Alcoholics Anonymous
Social work and empowerment
Organisation and practices of tobacco cessation services.
Self-help groups related to coronary heart disease : lay and nursing support
Uses of innovation : wristcare in the practices of engineers and elderly
Poverty, health and reproduction in early colonial Uganda
International post-conflict situations: new challenges for co-operative governance
Talking trauma : paramedics and their stories
Critical perspectives on user involvement
Public health and Rockefeller wealth : alliance strategies in the early formation of Finnish public health nursing
A challenge to change : practical experiences of building user-led services
Sri Lanka : Kandy district water supply and sanitation project : report of the appraisal mission October 1986.
Monitoring emergency obstetric care : a handbook
Six myths about migrant remittances and the global economic crisis
Empowerment in community care
Women and water technology : the case of the Finnish Water Project in Tanzania
Famine in North Korea : markets, aid and reform
Living with hearing loss
Cost Seminar on Ageing and Technology : 16.-17.9.1991, Helsinki, Finland : final report
English summary: Helping people : multioperation in nursing.
Charities and social aid in Greece and Rome
Business cycles, unemployment and public assistance : the Swedish experience 1956-1969
This anthology brings together a series of essays on transnational themes and methodological approaches pertaining to the historical study of global health, welfare and humanitarianism. The essays on topics ranging from missions to methods offer a more nuanced understanding of the interconnectedness and evolving nature of global charitable work, as well as its contribution as an historical antecedent of contemporary (secular) notions of ‘global citizenship’ and global health. Written by and about northern Europeans and North Americans interested in transnational knowledge exchanges in Africa, Asia and the Middle East, these essays reflect the complex ways in which both historians and their subjects transverse(d) national, gendered, racial and religious boundaries. Through them, the authors open up new questions about the nature of transnationalism (and transnational research) itself.
The state of the world's refugees 2000 : fifty years of humanitarian action
Ergonomics in health care and rehabilitation ; Valerie J. Berg Rice
Achieving sustainable food security for all by 2020 : priorities and responsibilities
Self-help, social work and empowerment
Respect in a world of inequality
More than bread : ethnography of a soup kitchen
Food security and development : final report Feb 4, 2011 : commissioned development research of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, intervention code 89822609.
Communication technologies for the elderly : vision, hearing and speech
The promise of the information society : good practice in using the information society for the benefit of older people and disabled people
The emergency obstetric care indicators described in this handbook can be used to measure progress in a programmatic continuum: from the availability of and access to emergency obstetric care to the use and quality of those services. This handbook is an update of an earlier publication on monitoring the availability and use of obstetric services, issued by UNICEF, WHO and UNFPA in 1997. This revision incorporates changes based on monitoring and assessment conducted worldwide and the emerging evidence on the topic over the years, and has been agreed by an international panel of experts. It includes two new indicators and an additional signal function, with updated evidence and new resources.--Publisher's description.
Evaluation of rural water supply projects with reference to the organizational aspects in Ethiopia
Because we are all human : Finnish Red Cross 1877-2002
What are we doing there? : experiences and lessons learned from development cooperation in health care and social welfare (1990-2005)
