http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13182 Medieval philosophy
Medieval philosophy
Oxford studies in medieval philosophy. volume 2
Reportatio I-A : The examined report of the Paris lecture : Latin text and English translation
Medieval analyses in language and cognition : acts of the symposium The Copenhagen School of Medieval Philosophy, January 10-13, 1996
Medieval philosophy as transcendental thought : from Philip the Chancellor (ca. 1225) to Francisco Suarez
Ockham's theory of terms. Part 1, Of the Summa logicae
Was ist Philosophie im Mittelalter? : Qu'est-ce que la philosophie au Moyen Âge? = What is Philosophy in the Middle Ages? : Akten des X. Internationalen Kongresses für mittelalterliche Philosophie der Société Internaionale pour l'Étude de la Philosophie Médiévale, 25. bis 30. August 1997 im Erfurt
Participation and substantiality in Thomas Aquinas
Twenty-five years (1969-1994) of Anselm studies : review and critique of recent scholarly views
Proceedings of "The Quadruple Congress" on John Duns Scotus. P. 1, John Duns Scotus, philosopher
Medieval theories of distinction
Philosophical writings : a selection
Fides Quaerens Intellectum : medieval philosophy from Augustine to Ockham
A dialogue on natural philosophy = Dragmaticon philosophiae
The evolution of medieval thought
Averroes and the Aristotelian tradition : sources, constitution, and reception of the philosophy of Ibn Rushd (1126-1198) : proceedings of the Fourth Symposium Averroicum, Cologne, 1996
The metaphysics and natural philosophy of John Buridan
Introduction to Saint Thomas Aquinas
God's call : moral realism, God's commands, and human autonomy
The arguments for the immortality of soul in the first half of the thirteenth century
Ockham and ockhamism : studies in the dissemination and impact of his thought
Routledge history of philosophy. Vol. 3, Medieval philosophy
Collected essays of Sten Ebbesen. 1, Greek-Latin philosophical interaction
Algazel's metaphysics : a mediaeval translation
Encyclopedia of medieval philosophy : philosophy between 500 and 1500
Avicenna on subjectivity : a philosophical study
Spheres of philosophical inquiry and the historiography of medieval philosophy
Aristotle and Aristotelianism in medieval Muslim, Jewish, and Christian philosophy
Philosopher and prophet : Judah Halevi, the Kuzari, and the evolution of his thought
Later medieval philosophy (1150-1350) : an introduction
The intellectual life of Western Europe in the Middle Ages
Basic writings
Philosophy and learning : universities in the Middle Ages
Studies in medieval natural Philosophy
A companion to Boethius in the Middle Ages
The medieval mystical tradition in England : Exeter symposium V : papers read at the Devon Centre Dartington Hall, July 1992
The letters of Abelard and Heloise
Qu'est-ce que la philosophie au moyen âge? = What is philosophy in the Middle Ages? = Was ist Philosophie im Mittelalter? : der 10. Internationale Kongress für Mittelalterliche Philosophie vom 25. bis 30. August 1997 in Erfurt in Kurzfassungen
Opera philosophica. Vol. 2, De intentionibus
Abelard and his legacy
A short history of medieval philosophy
The High Middle Ages were remarkable for their coherent sense of 'Christendom': of people who belonged to a homogeneous Christian society marked by uniform rituals of birth and death and worship. That uniformity, which came under increasing strain as national European characteristics became more pronounced, achieved perhaps its most perfect intellectual expression in the thought of the western Christian thinkers who are sometimes called 'scholastic theologians'. These philosophers produced (during roughly the period 1050-1350 CE) a cohesive body of work from their practice of theology as an academic discipline in the university faculties of their day. Richard Cross' elegant and stylish textbook - designed specifically for modern-day undergraduate use on medieval theology and philosophy courses - offers the first focused introduction to these thinkers based on the individuals themselves and their central preoccupations. The book discusses influential figures like Abelard, Peter Lombard and Hugh of St Victor; the use made by Aquinas of Aristotle; the mystical theology of Bonaventure; Robert Grosseteste's and Roger Bacon's interest in optics; the complex metaphysics of Duns Scotus; and the political thought of Marsilius of Padua and William of Ockham. Key themes of medieval theology, including famous axioms like 'Ockham's Razor', are here made fully intelligible and transparent.
Abelard in four dimensions : a twelfth-century philosopher in his context and ours
The authentic self : essays in al-Fārābī and late ancient Greek philosophy
The Cambridge history of later Greek and early medieval philosophy
The spell of Calcidius : Platonic concepts and images in the medieval west
An exposition of the On the hebdomads of Boethius
The medieval Christian philosophers : an introduction
The world of medieval learning
Topics in Latin philosophy from the 12th-14th centuries
Basic issues in medieval philosophy : selected readings presenting the interactive discourses among the major figures
Reportatio I-A : The examined report of the Paris lecture : Latin text and English translation. Volume 2
Medieval philosophy : an historical and philosophical introduction
Nicole Oresme and the medieval geometry of qualities and motions : a treatise on the uniformity and difformity of intensities known as Tractatus de configurationibus qualitatum et motuum
Selections from medieval philosophers. 1, Augustine to Albert the Great
A history of twelfth-century Western philosophy
Philosophy and civilization in the Middle Ages
This is the first reference ever devoted to medieval philosophy. It covers all areas of the field from 500-1500 including philosophers, philosophies, key terms and concepts. It also provides analyses of particular theories plus cultural and social contexts.
The philosophical vision of John Duns Scotus : an introduction
Knowledge and the sciences in medieval philosophy : proceedings of the Eighth International Congress of Medieval Philosophy (S.I.E.P.M.) : Helsinki 24-29 August 1987. Vol. 3
Medieval thought : the Western intellectual tradition from antiquity to the thirteenth century
Early medieval philosophy (480-1150) : an introduction
Logic and ontology in the syllogistic of Robert Kilwardby
Maimonides and St. Thomas on the limits of reason
A new history of Western philosophy. Vol. 2, Medieval philosophy
Selections from medieval philosophers. 2, Roger Bacon to William of Ockham
Henry of Ghent : proceedings of the international colloquium on the occasion of the 700th anniversary of his death (1293)
Debates in medieval philosophy : essential readings and contemporary responses
New essays on metaphysics : proceedings of the Second International Conference of Medieval Philosophy
An introduction to medieval philosophy : basic concepts
Oxford studies in medieval philosophy. Volume 1
Studies in medieval philosophy, science, and logic : collected papers 1933-1969
William Ockham on Metaphysics : the science of being and God
The intellectual origins of the European reformation
Subordination and equivalence : the nature and role of woman in Augustine and Thomas Aquinas
Roger Bacon's letter : concerning the marvelous power of art and of nature and concerning the nullity of magic
A history of mediaeval philosophy
The medieval reception of Book Zeta of Aristotle's Metaphysics
A history of medieval philosophy
John Duns Scotus : renewal of philosophy
Fundamentals of philosophy
Proceedings of "The Quadruple Congress" on John Duns Scotus. P. 3, Johannes Duns Scotus 1308-2008 : die philosophischen Perspektiven seines Werkes = Investigations into his philosophy
Medieval philosophy
On medieval philosophy
God and creatures : the quodlibetal questions
John of Salisbury on Aristotelian science
The problem of the rational soul in the thirteenth century
On Proclus and his influence in medieval philosophy
The Oxford handbook of medieval philosophy
