http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13126 life situation
life situation
Cultures of unemployment : a comparative look at long-term unemployment and urban poverty
Abstract: Proper balance between work and leisure? : studies of time use in different life situations.
Fishbowl
Country report : Kalingrad region
Students and studying in higher education in Finland
Pathways to adulthood : developmental tasks, financial resources and agency
Loneliness updated : recent research on loneliness and how it affects our lives
Children's emotions in policy and practice : mapping and making spaces of childhood
Family tree
Symptoms of depression in elderly : a comparative study on people aged 65 years and above living in an old age home and in their own home in Nepal
Today is the day you change your life
Statistical analysis of life sequence data
Lost plantations of the South
Time out! Getting life back on track : a psychosocial support programme targeted at young men exempted from compulsory military or civil service
Annie Harlow seems to have it all, a handsome husband and their fabulous life in Manhattan. But all of that is snatched away when she is involved is a life-changing accident. Awakening from a coma a year later, Annie finds that the life she knew has crumbled away. In the throes of grief, Annie grasps her new reality - she has to start over from scratch, which means heading home to the family farm. Annie couldn't wait to escape the small town where she grew up, but now she finds herself warming to the close-knit community and its homespun values. There's also a face from the distant past - Donovan Lynch - and all the reasons she's never quite forgotten him come flooding back. Annie expects to pull herself together and return to the city, but fate has other plans and she's about to discover why there really is no place like home...
Contemporary marginalization and exclusion of young people : whose reality counts?
Abortion Wishes and Abortion Prevention - Women Seeking Legal Termination of Pregnancy During the 1950s and 1960s in Finland
Assessing health need using the life cycle framework
Strength cards = Vahvuuskortit
To Afghanistan and back : a graphic travelogue
WHY? HOW? and WHO? : a study on life dynamics and experiences of 50+ people living with HIV/AIDS in Finland
Contemporary China : society and social change
Life events and social support among patients with major depressive disorder
Russia 2030 based on contracts
What can a woman do with a camera? : photography for women
This article studies Finnish abortion-seeking women in the 1950s and 1960s by investigating the life situations of the abortion-seeking women and their possibilities to regulate childbearing under the 1950 Abortion Act. During the 1950s and 1960s, abortion was legal in Finland only on medical, ethical or eugenic grounds. The data consists of patient documents of the Finnish Family Federations (Vestliitto) Tampere social counseling service (sosiaalineuvola) from the years 1955 and 1968 and the documents mainly comprise abortion requests. Results show that in 1955 83 percent and in 1968 68 percent of the abortion-seeking women were married. 90 percent of them had two or more children and the mothers often requested abortion because of poor financial or social circumstances. The family conditions of these women were often described as difficult, as they had the main responsibility for taking care of and providing for their families. The majority of the abortion requests were denied. In 1955, only 16 percent of the abortion-seeking women received an affirmative decision from the Family Federation whereas the share of admitted abortions in 1968 was 42 percent. The documents show a severe collision between the womens wishes for abortion and the societys interest to prevent abortions for pronatalist reasons. The data also indicates that women were not treated equally because their own determined and persistant behaviour as well as the doctoral practices influenced the abortion decisions. .
La habanera : the escape from the rat race
Life stress, personality and breast cancer
The majority of scholarly and activist opinion by and about Indigenous women claims that feminism is irrelevant for them. Yet there is also an articulate, theoretically informed and activist constituency that identifies as feminist. This book is by and about Indigenous feminists, whose work demonstrates a powerful and original intellectual and political contribution demonstrating that feminism has much to offer Indigenous women in their struggles against oppression and for equality. Indigenous feminism is international in its scope: the contributors here are from Canada, the USA, Sapmi (Samiland), and Aotearoa/New Zealand. The chapters include theoretical contributions, stories of political activism, and deeply personal accounts of developing political consciousness as Aboriginal feminists.
Obstetric, psychosocial, and pain-related background, and treatment of fear of childbirth
Women's lifeworlds : women's narratives on shaping their realities
The female world
Creating balance? : international perspectives on the work-life integration of professionals
Childhood determinants of later health
Someday this pain will be useful to you
Life choices : understanding dilemmas and decisions
Coping successfully with shyness
My life as a deaf person in Finnish society : stories about being deaf
Happy birthday Amelia
The gender dimension of social change : the contribution of dynamic research to the study of women's life courses
Abstract: Wrong-aged mothers? : age and social conditions of motherhood.
Unification and marginalisation of young people
Effect of waiting time on health outcomes and service utilization : a prospective randomized study on patients admitted to hospital for hip or knee replacement
Abstract: Path of studies with a family.
The politics of education : culture, power, and liberation
Pupil-related psychosocial factors, school setting, and teacher sick leave : a collaborative data study
Sense of coherence (SOC) - typological examination with grounded theory approach.
Housing, risk and security : a qualitative interview study on a Finnish neighbourhood
The light of day
Mindfulness at work : turn your job into a gateway to joy, contentment and stress-free living
Stabilising of life : a substantive theory of family survivorship with a parent with cancer
The criminal life-cycle : an argument for selective deterrence
Sworn secret : a novel
Use of consumer credit in the context of consumers' way of life and personal situations
Dry ice : a novel
Life events and social support in suicide
Taking pictures
Youth, citizenship and social change in a European context
Abstract: Hysterectomy - mental and sexual status before and after operation. A prospective study of 98 patients.
Life changes during childhood
Health-related quality of life and its associating factors among 25-64-year-old adults with or without long-term mental symptoms.
Population ageing and international development : from generalisation to evidence
The brothers
Personal velocity
The development of future-orientation in a life-span context
This child is also mine : a narrative approach to the phenomenon of atypical custodial grandparenthood
The other woman's shoes
Why me? : learning to live in crises
Rejection proof : how to beat fear and become invincible
The parenthood decision : deciding whether you are ready and willing to become a parent
Coping with Life Events in Old Age
Functional limitations and quality of life in schizophrenia and other psychotic disorders
Family caregivers of persons with Alzheimer's disease : focusing on the sense of coherence and adaptation to caregiving : an ALSOVA follow-up study
The professor of poetry
Are the healthier wealthier or the wealthier healthier? : the European evidence
Understanding China : center stage of the fourth power
Moral qualities of space, historical consciousness and symbolic boundaries in the Beyoğlu District of Istanbul
Becoming an adult : living conditions and attitudes among Swedish youth
The snow queen
Lapsiperheiden elämänhallintavalmiudet : perheohjauksen arviointi = Life control potential of families with small children, evaluation of family counselling
Hopelessness in a general population of Finnish adults
Omia tiloja = Space's of one's own
Summary.
A long way down
Functioning and quality of life as perspectives of health in patients with juvenile idiopathic arthritis in early adulthood : measurement and long-term outcome
La Habanera : the escape from the rat race
Living arrangements and their association to physical function at the ages of 90 and over
Individualised care from the surgical patient's point of view : developing and testing a model
Diabetes cognitions and social support in the management of diabetes : a cross-sectional study on social psychological determinants of health-related quality of life and self-care among adults with type 1 diabetes
Hopelessness in a general population of Finnish adults = Toivottomuus suomalaisessa aikuisväestössä
Women with acute myocardial infarction : meaning of lived experiences, narrated by patients, partners and nurses
Abstract: Factors affecting exercise motivation in adults.
Abstract: Sense of coherence (SOC) : typological examination with grounded theory approach.
The experienced life-fabrics of young men
Making space for indigenous feminism
Mindful parenting : find peace and joy through stress-free, conscious parenting
Life event research : findings and methodological problems
Moscow - the beautiful and the damned : life in Russia in transition
English summary: Inner narrative, life, and change.
Abstract: Life control and health. A longitudinal study on Northern Finnish young men.
Sedimentological and chronological aspects of the Younger Dryas : Holocene transition record in southern Finland and northern Baltic
Abstract: Well-being in low-income families with children.
