http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13133 execution
execution
Samurai executioner. Volume 4 : Portrait of death
The fourth victim
The beheading and other true stories
"Severed heads emblemise the vexed relationship between the aesthetic and the atrocious. During the Elizabethan conquest of Ireland, colonisers such as Edmund Spenser, Sir John Harington and Sir George Carew wrote or translated epic romances replete with beheadings even as they countenanced - or conducted - similar deeds on the battlefield. This study juxtaposes the archival record of actual violence with literary depictions of decapitation to explore how violence gets transcribed into art. Patricia Palmer brings the colonial world of Renaissance England face-to-face with Irish literary culture. She surveys a broad linguistic and geographical range of texts, from translations of Virgil's Aeneid to the Renaissance epics of Ariosto and Ercilla and makes Irish-language responses to conquest and colonization available in readable translations. In doing so, she offers literary and political historians access not only to colonial brutality but also to its ethical reservations, while providing access to the all-too-rarely heard voices of the dispossessed"--
The art of executing well : rituals of execution in Renaissance Italy
A man for all connections : Raoul Wallenberg and the Hungarian state apparatus, 1944-1945
The forsaken : an American tragedy in Stalin's Russia
Caleb Williams
Hanging between heaven and earth : capital crime, execution preaching, and theology in early New England
Samurai executioner. Volume 7 : The bamboo splitter
Paris, 1792. Louis XVI and Marie Antoinette have been arrested. Neighbours fear neighbours, masters whisper before servants...Henrietta Lightfoot, a young Englishwoman fleeing from a dishonourable past in London, finds herself alone in a foreign city in the middle of the French Revolution. The great love of her life, Lord Allenham appears to have disappeared forever. To her assistance comes Grace Dalrymple Elliot, the celebrated Scottish mistress whose looks are on the wane. But Mrs Elliott's assistance comes at a price, and Henrietta soon finds herself a pawn in a vicious rivalry of powerful women. Determined to unravel the mystery of her lover's disappearance, Henrietta must form a number of dangerous liaisons. But within the mirrored rooms of the Palais Royal, nothing is as it seems. As the ways of the aristocratic old order crumble, politics and passion lead Henrietta into a deadly game, where the life she is striving to save may not even be her own.
Severed : a history of heads lost and heads found
The dead of summer
The green mile
Epitomes of evil : representation of executioners in northern France and the Low Countries in the late Middle Ages
The story of a little-known group of émigrés, Americans who went to Russia during the 1930s in the hope that the Communist promise of a better life was a reality--only to find xenophobia, paranoia and ultimately, in many cases, imprisonment or death in Stalin's Terror.
The faithful executioner : life and death, honor and shame in the turbulent sixteenth century
Samurai executioner. Volume 6 : Shinko the Kappa
Samurai executioner. Volume 10 : A couple of jitte
Texas death row
The lady of the rivers
Crucifixion in the Mediterranean world
Samurai executioner. Volume 8 : The death sign of spring
Case histories
Rules and violence : on the cultural history of collective violence from Late Antiquity to the Confessional Age = Regeln und Gewalt : zur Kulturgeschichte der kollektiven Gewalt von der Spätantike bis zum konfessionellen Zeitalter
The severed head : capital visions
Hamlyn history of punishment and torture
Blue heaven
Samurai executioner. Volume 1 : When the demon knife weeps
The severed head and the grafted tongue : literature, translation and violence in early modern Ireland
Crucifixion in antiquity : an inquiry into the background of the New Testament terminology of crucifixion
Even though violence often functions irrationally, recent research has suggested that, as a form of nonverbal communication, violence follows certain rules. The essays explore this phenomenon, with a special focus on collective violence. They investigate examples taken from the cultural and literary history of the premodern era to examine rules of violent action, rules that provoke violence, and rules about discussing violence.
The French lesson
The defenceless
Merlin : the mark of Nimueh
To understand the phenomenon of Roman crucifixion, John Granger Cook argues that one should begin with an investigation of the evidence from Latin texts and inscriptions supplemented by what may be learned from the surviving archaeological material (the Arieti fresco of a man on a patibulum [horizontal beam], the Puteoli and Palatine graffiti of crucifixion, the crucifixion nail in the calcaneum bone from Jerusalem, and the Pereire gem). This evidence clarifies the precise meaning of terms such as patibulum and crux (vertical beam or cross), which in turn illuminate the Greek terms and texts that describe crucifixion. The author traces the use of the penalty by the Romans until its probable abolition by Constantine and its eventual transformation into the Byzantine punishment by the furca (the fork), a form of penal suspension that resulted in immediate death. Rabbinic and legal sources are not neglected. The material contributes to the understanding of the crucifixion of Jesus and has implications for the theologies of the cross in the New Testament.
The Hartlepool monkey
"The extraordinary story of a Renaissance-era executioner and his world, based on a rare and overlooked journal In the late 1500s a Nuremberg man named Frantz Schmidt began to do something utterly remarkable for his era: he started keeping a journal. But what makes Schmidt even more compelling to us is his day job. For forty-five years, Schmidt was an efficient and prolific public executioner, employed by the state to extract confessions and put convicted criminals to death. In his years of service, he executed 361 people and tortured, flogged, or disfigured hundreds more. Is it possible that a man who practiced such cruelty could also be insightful, compassionate, humane--even progressive? In his groundbreaking book, the historian Joel F. Harrington looks for the answer in Schmidt's journal, whose immense significance has been ignored until now. Harrington uncovers details of Schmidt's medical practice, his marriage to a woman ten years older than him, his efforts at penal reform, his almost touching obsession with social status, and most of all his conflicted relationship with his own craft and the growing sense that it could not be squared with his faith. A biography of an ordinary man struggling for his soul, The Faithful Executioner is also an unparalleled portrait of Europe on the cusp of modernity, yet riven by conflict and encumbered by paranoia, superstition, and abuses of power. In his intimate portrait of a Nuremberg executioner, Harrington also sheds light on our own fraught historical moment"--
The executioner in late medieval French culture
Edison and the electric chair : a story of light and death
"A work of nonfiction that explores the thoughts and experiences of one early modern executioner, Nuremberg's Frantz Schmidt (1555-1634), through his own words - a rare personal journal, in which he recorded and described all the executions and corporal punishments he administered between 1573 and his retirement in 1617"--
Murdering myths : the story behind the death penalty
Last to die
Newes from the Dead : being a true story of Anne Green : hanged for infanticide at Oxford Assizes in 1650, restored to the world and died again 1665
Samurai executioner. Volume 5 : Ten fingers, one life
The Spanish holocaust : inquisition and extermination in twentieth-century Spain
Seeing justice done : the age of spectacular capital punishment in France
The vagrants
Morality, crime and social control in Europe 1500-1900
Abstract : Morality, crime and social control in Europe 1500-1900.
The lady of the Rivers
"This book takes a first step toward globalizing the history of lynching. Covering fourteen countries and five continents, it demonstrates that lynching has neither been a uniquely American phenomenon, nor did it exclusively target racial and ethnic minorities. But what appears to be common to vigilantism and extralegal punishment around the globe is the ideology of popular justice, the idea that lynching represents a form of communal self-defense against crimes that are unchecked by the state. The multidisciplinary and multiregional approach of this volume will lay the groundwork for a more thorough understanding of mob violence and extralegal punishment in the United States and the world"--Provided by publisher.
Without sanctuary : lynching photography in America
Ekaterinburg : the last days of the Romanovs
Samurai executioner. Volume 2 : Two bodies, two minds
Guillotine : the revolutionary card game where you win by getting a head
Long neglected by European historians, the unspeakable atrocities of Franco's Spain are finally brought to tragic light in this definitive work by Paul Preston, the world's foremost historian of 20th-century Spain
Globalizing lynching history : vigilantism and extralegal punishment from an international perspective
Samurai executioner. Volume 3 : The hell stick
Tyburn's martyrs : execution in England, 1675-1775
Samurai executioner. Volume 9 : Facing life and death
Heads will roll : decapitation in the medieval and early modern imagination
