http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13165 low income
low income
Poverty and low income in the Nordic countries
End of the good life : how the financial crisis is creating a lost generation - and what we can do about it
"Making work pay" debates from a gender perspective : a comparative review of some recent policy reforms in thirty European countries
Global cities at work : new migrant divisions of labour
This is a study of a complex but important concept, working poverty (or in-work poverty), involving individuals both as workers and members of households. It is caused by low pay, but also weak labour force attachment and high needs. The most recently available version of the household survey, EU-SILC, is analyzed to explain factors behind working poverty in different European countries. There has been a growth of jobs in Europe in the last fifteen years, but this has not decreased poverty because of a relative expansion of low quality jobs. Now economic crisis threatens to increase poverty further. But there is quite a diversity of situations within the EU which this book explores. It includes discussion of working poverty in relation to gender, to migration, and policies like tax-credits. Case studies of UK, France, Spain, Sweden and Poland are included and these countries are given special attention in most of the chapters.
Housing allowance and the rent of low-income households
Low-wage America : how employers are reshaping opportunity in the workplace
Family futures is about family life in areas of concentrated poverty and social problems where surrounding conditions make bringing up children more difficult and family life is more fraught and limited. This book is based on a longitudinal study of more than 200 families interviewed annually over the last decade. It answers three important questions in the works of families themselves: What challenges face families in poor areas? How are the challenges being met? Have government efforts helped or hindered progress over the past decade?--From cover, [p]. 4.
Family futures : childhood and poverty in urban neighbourhoods
Abstract (s. 1-2).
Are bad jobs inevitable? : trends, determinants and responses to job quality in the twenty-first century
The working poor : invisible in America
Hand to mouth : the truth about being poor in a wealthy world
Ethno-linguistic Groups during an Economic Recession: Low-income Earners in the 1990s' Finland
The anthropology of lower income urban enclaves : the case of East Harlem
Organizing at the margins : the symbolic politics of labor in South Korea and the United States
The economic effects of employment-conditional income support schemes for the low-paid : an illustration from a CGE model applied to four OECD countries
Both hands tied : welfare reform and the race to the bottom in the low-wage labor market
Unsettled : low-income housing and mobility in Bamako, Mali
On the social dimension in posting of workers : reasoning on posted workers directive, wage liability, minimum wages and right to industrial action
$2.00 a day : living on almost nothing in America
Working poverty in Europe : a comparative approach
One way ticket : migration and female labour
Poverty and insecurity : life in low-pay, no no-pay Britain
Nickel and dimed : on (getting) by in America
Hard work : life in low-pay Britain
Nickel and dimed : Undercover in low-wage USA
Low-wage work in the wealthy world
Rewarding work : how to restore participation and self-support to free enterprise
Working hard and making do : surviving in small town America
Policies for low wage employment and social exclusion
Comparable worth, pay equity, and public policy
Low-wage employment in Europe
The race to the bottom : why a worldwide worker surplus and uncontrolled free trade are sinking American living standards
Little is known about low-income earners in the Swedish-speaking community in Finland, and particularly how this ethno-linguistic group positioned itself as compared with the Finnish speakers during the severe economic recession in the 1990s. Relating to the ethno-linguistic English-speaking minority in Quebec, we set out to study whether also Swedish speakers experienced a worsening of their economic position. Using register data from 1987-1999, we find that they did not, but rather improved their relative situation as compared with the Finnish speakers, although they on average had a higher propensity for being low-income earners also after the recession. In contrast to the situation in Quebec, no unfavourable language acts or educational reforms were imposed on the Swedish speakers during the study period. We see the results as reflecting a well-functioning welfare state, in which language acts and constitutional rights have worked to protect both ethno-linguistic groups.
Low pay and earnings mobility in Europe
Work matters : critical reflections on contemporary work
Abstract (1 s.).
Nickel and dimed : on (not) getting by in America
Women and low pay
Moving up or moving on : who advances in the low-wage labor market?
