http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13175 launching (marketing)
launching (marketing)
The product manager's survival guide : everything you need to know to succeed as a product manager
Launch it! : How to turn good ideas into great products that sell
Streamlining launch support operations in a product platform
Launching Avant Compact Multi-functional Loaders in Southeast Asia  : Golf, Construction, Landscaping and Property Maintenance Industries
Market entry to US : IT company ZEF Ltd
Becoming a design entrepreneur : how to launch your design-driven ventures from apps to zines
Launching a new restaurant concept in the Tampere area : case company: Seppo Koskinen Ravintolat Oy
Planning of the product launch : small and young business organization Colemont Finland
Abstract: Launching a new product.
Marketing research for Coca-Cola Thailand Limited : implementation of Fanta Free in Thailand
Developing the product opening procedures of Würth Finland
Product tracker : a formalised process of bringing product to market
Entering the German Market - Case Study Barisma Oy
Offensive marketing : an action guide to gaining competitive advantage
Entry in Moscow, Russia market for Mad Professor  Amplification Oy.
FOREIGN INVESTMENT IN BAHRAIN : Case company: A Private Entrepreneur from Lithuania
FloweRing : creating value through strategic design and branding
Franchising in the German market : on the suitability of the case study Gymicom Ltd
Cross-functional conflicts in new product launches in the food industry
How "Tropical Sno" should be launched in the capital area of Finland : case: Shave Ice Finland Oy
Market entry strategies : internationalization theories, concepts and cases of Asian high-technology firms
Brand extension : moving away from an established brand image
Understanding global product launch process : stages, standardization and influencing factors
Launching a new product : marketing mix choices : multiple case study
Creating re-launch strategies for industrial products : case of Finnish technology intensive Born Global
Global new product launch process in a high-tech company
MacRack is ready for delivery
Auditing markets, products, and marketing plans : ama marketing toolbox
Market environment comparison on the cosmetic industry in Norway and Latvia : case company: Dermoshop Oy
Using design processes as a creative resource to enhance entrepreneurial globalization of born global start-ups
InSolution Ltd. has created a monitoring and controlling system of projects as a part of another project. The company wants to launch the software named tyokaveri.com to the commercial market. The purpose of the thesis was to determine the necessary steps for a successful software launch process of tyokaveri.com. To achieve the purpose the set objectives of the thesis were the following: to distinguish the real user of the software and their future needs as well as user satisfaction though a user survey, to explain the theoretical background that is needed when making commercial market launch decisions and to determine and describe the suitable pricing strategies and select the most suitable for the software based on the findings. The primary research data was collected by using Webropol software tool. The survey was successfully sent to 95 registered users. The response rate was 49 because 47 responses were received. Desk research consisted of information collection from literature, articles and Internet. The literature included information from the fields of product launch, pricing, electronic commerce and software business. Benchmarking was used in the thesis as part of determining the pricing strategy and model. The results demonstrate that the current users are rather satisfied with the product characteristics and usability. However, the respondents suggested several development proposals for better usability. Various pricing solutions are available for software products and the right one is case dependent.
Strategic value networking for market entry : a study of the Russian retail market
Stepping out of the box : how trends can guide innovation
Starting a Tourism Company in Gambia : Case Company Jäälin Palvelupiste Ky
Product launch process to business-to-business markets
Can reverse payment settlements restrict or delay the generic market access?
Launching an international clothing retail store in Ideapark
Amer Sports Suomi Oy : market opportunities for new Salomon Viia -collection
The role of tactical marketing decisions on new product performance : the moderating effect of entry timing
Promoting competition in Finnish grocery trade : case: Kaufland Stiftung & Co. KG
Internal product launch in international industrial hightechnology company : Case Teleste Corporation
DESIGNING A STAND FOR LAUNCHING A PRODUCT TO AN INTERNATIONAL MARKET
Challenges for new product development process in international B2B market
Market Entry Strategies : A Case Study on Entry to Libyan Electricial Power Distribution Markets
Distribution channel selection in pharmaceutical industry
Creating and dominating new markets
Marketing Plan for Finnish Food Oy
Adaptation of a digital marketing strategy to attract North American customers
Nordic banks’ entry into the Russian market : motives, processes and challenges
Emergence of an energy saving market : the rise of energy service companies
A young woman tells a focus group that Diet Coke is like her boyfriend. A twenty-something tattoos the logo of Turner Classic Movies onto his skin. These consumers aren't just using these brands. They are engaging in a rich, complex, ever-changing relationship, and they'll stay loyal, resisting marketing gimmicks from competitors and influencing others to try the brand they love.How can marketers cultivate and grow the deep relationships that earn this kind of love and drive lasting success for their brands?In Romancing the Brand, branding expert Tim Halloran reveals what it takes to make consumers fall in love with your brand. Step by step,he reveals how to start, grow, maintain, and troubleshoot a flourishing relationship between brand and consumer. Along the way, Halloran shares the secrets behind establishing a mutually beneficial romance. Drawing on exclusive, in-depth interviews with managers of some of the world's most iconic brands, Romancing the Brand arms you with an arsenal of classic and emerging marketing tools such as benefit laddering and word-of-mouth marketing that make best-in-class brands so successful. The book is filled with examples, strategies, and tools from powerful brands that consumers love, including Coke, Dos Equis, smartwater, the Atlanta Falcons, Domino's Pizza, Bounty, Turner Classic Movies, and many more.Ultimately, Romancing the Brand provides marketers with a set of principles for making brands strong, resilient, and beloved and the insight and confidence to use them.
Startup guide to guerrilla marketing : a simple battle plan for first-time marketers
Marketing : the retro revolution
According to Kotler : the world's foremost authority on marketing answers your questions
You have a great idea, now what? That first mile--where an innovation moves from an idea on paper to the market--is often plagued by failure. In fact, less than one percent of ideas launched by big companies end up having real impact. The ideas aren't the problem. It's the process. "The First Mile" focuses on the critical moment when an innovator moves from planning to reality. It is a perilous place where hidden traps snare entrepreneurs and roadblocks slow innovators inside large companies. In this practical and enlightening manual, strategic adviser Scott Anthony equips innovators with new tools, questions, and examples to speed through this crucial early stage of innovation. You'll learn: (1) How to evaluate your idea's strengths and weaknesses using the "DEFT" process--Document, Evaluate, Focus, and Test; (2) Fourteen recipes from an "experiment cookbook" to gain confidence in your idea or business; (3) Why "spinouts," "wrong turns," and other challenges commonly trip up innovation--and the practical strategies you can use to avoid them; and (4) Why innovators need to seek chaos in an age of constant change--and other essential leadership skills. Drawing on his decade of experience as an innovation adviser and investor, Anthony describes hard-won lessons from disruptive start-ups and global giants alike. "The First Mile" will give you the knowledge and confidence to travel this perilous--but ultimately promising--terrain. The first mile can be a scary place, but you don't have to traverse it alone. This book can.
Launching new products in the Finnish pharmaceutical industry : a relationship approach
Men's cosmetics : the challenge of the 21st century : planning the launching campaign for the men's new fragrance lines of The Body Shop for Bodim Port Oy in Finland
Launch marketing communications planning guide : case: service industry franchise chain X
Market entry strategy of Chinese flow sensor market : case study: the market entry research project for S.K.I. GmbH (Germany)
Reaching influential early adopters effectively in Finland : Rock science - new generation board game
Baked in : creating products and businesses that market themselves
Brand and branding strategy in food industry : case: Kinh Do Corporation and Solite brand
Global launch of a new high technology product : case: Polar Electro
Play bigger : how pirates, dreamers, and innovators create and dominate markets
Entry strategies to Russian medical equipment market for foreign companies
Self-initiated design businesses : prevalent actions in design entrepreneurship
Storybranding 2.0 : creating stand-out brands through the purpose of story
Narrative in creative brands
Launching product on North American markets : case XYLIFLOSS Pocket Flosser
Go-to-market strategy : advance techniques and tools for selling more products, to more customers, more profitably
Entry to the Hungarian market.
Marketing plan for Finnish Food Oy : analysis of the functional bottled water market in Finland and Sweden
Mass production clothing companies and limited edition fashion launches
Product Market Analysis : Market potential of Nepalese carpets in Finland
How to introduce Lean Startup process into a medium-sized IT vendor, namely Futurice?
The opportunities of replacing a part of folding boxboard packages with micro flute packages in Finland
"Go to work for the best boss in the world-yourself  Never Get a "Real" Job challenges the social conventions behind the old-school, 9-to-5 "real" job, and empowers entrepreneurs to take control of their lives, fears, and careers. Successful entrepreneur Scott Gerber dissects failures, shares hard-learned lessons, and presents practical, affordable, and systematic action steps to building, managing, and marketing a successful business that accompanies being your own boss. The proven no-holds-barred approach presented in Never Get a "Real" Job teaches aspiring entrepreneurs, small business owners, students and recent college graduates how to quit the rat race and achieve financial independence without going broke.  Author Scott Gerber is not the product of a wealthy family or storied entrepreneurial heritage. Nor is he the outcome of a traditional business school education or a corporate executive turned small business owner. Rather, he is an authentic, self-taught entrepreneur who has survived and thrived despite never holding a "real" job. Start your business based on your passions using the included self-assessment tools that include tips on how to make the leap between the dream and the doing without breaking the bank. Successfully transition into being your own boss, and never work in anyone else's office again with Never Get a "Real" Job."--
Researching potential customers for the video game as a service in the European market
This thesis deals with the software company's business expansion via reseller channel. The case company is a Finnish software company M-files Oy. Part of the company's core strategy is a strong international growth via reseller channel. M-Files has already resellers in 50 countries and over 2,000 paying customers in 100 countries. Aim of this study is to explore the Swedish software market, as well as possibly find partners in the target country. In addition, the company can use the results of the work when it searches for new international partners from different countries. The research work is a single case study and is divided into theoretical part and an empirical part. The theoretical part presents the software company's business expansion and internationalization via reseller channel. The data were collected using a different literature, articles and internet. The empirical part presents results and conclusions.The study was conducted using a qualitative research method by interviewing Swedish ICT organizations and M-Files staff. The interviews were semi-structured interviews, which were designed to collect comprehensive information on the existing software market in Sweden. The research findings reveal that the Swedish software market is very similar to the Finnish software market. The Swedish market is highly competitive and it consists of global software development companies and small, innovative niche-oriented companies. Software market in Sweden is centralized in southern Sweden. Swedish companies and customers are willing to use new technologies and solutions if they can see that solutions can give real benefits and competitive advantage. This opens up opportunities for new products and services in the Swedish software market. The market is changing in such a way that the information value of the business is valued more than technical solutions.^The study identified a number of characteristics and issues that should take into account when a software company expands business to the Swedish software market. Software companies can also apply methods used in the research when they are analyzing new market areas or business opportunities in a new country.
Customer survey and product launch plan for Suomen Elektropinta Oy
Developing Generally Applicable Guidelines for Efficient Marketing of ATEX Product Group
New product development : case company: Studentum.fi
Creative brand launch in phamaceutical over-the-counter markets : case Burana
Launching plan for a new innovation on the U.S. market, case MooTap
Guidelines for successful software launch process : case: Tyokaveri.com
Never get a "real" job : how to dump your boss, build a business, and not go broke
Starting a tourism company in Gambia : case company Jäälin Palvelupiste KY
Tinting systems process and launching plan : case Tikkurila
A study of the Finnish market conditions and entry methods for British Wallace Sewell in terms of the interior design industry
Localization of a physiotherapy-chain on the swedish markets : case: Finsole
Launching and Marketing a Mobile Game : Strategy and Consumer Perceptions
Participation in an international fair to launch and market a service : case: Caring TV
The process of internal launching of services : Case Sampo
Product idea to product success : a complete step-by-step guide to making money from your idea
Launching plan for an industrial service product : case: Metso Automation, predictive maintenance service
Maze : jewelry collection & entrepreneurship
Design approach in creating a business concept and strategy : a study on design thinking in start-up businesses
Adjustment of mode of operations on the German market : case: MammuttiHirsi
The founders of a respected Silicon Valley advisory firm study legendary category-creating companies and reveal a groundbreaking discipline called category design.Winning today isn't about beating the competition at the old game. It's about inventing a whole new game--defining a new market category, developing it, and dominating it over time. You can't build a legendary company without building a legendary category. If you think that having the best product is all it takes to win, you're going to lose.In this farsighted, pioneering guide, the founders of Silicon Valley advisory firm Play Bigger rely on data analysis and interviews to understand the inner workings of "category kings"--companies such as Amazon, Salesforce, Uber, and IKEA--that give us new ways of living, thinking, or doing business, often solving problems we didn't know we had.In Play Bigger, the authors assemble their findings to introduce the new discipline of category design. By applying category design, companies can create new demand where none existed, conditioning customers' brains so they change their expectations and buying habits. While this discipline defines the tech industry, it applies to every kind of industry and even to personal careers.Crossing the Chasm revolutionized how we think about new products in an existing market. The Innovator's Dilemma taught us about disrupting an aging market. Now, Play Bigger is transforming business once again, showing us how to create the market itself.
Market Entry To SouthAfrica
Gambia is a diverse and exciting new market. The establishment of a company on a new market requires plenty of planning and background information. The commissioning company plans to start a hotel business in Gambia and the primary purpose of this thesis is to serve as a guide in that process. The research has been carried out as a case study. The empirical part is based on well-known and reliable primary and secondary printed sources. Electronic sources have been used to supplement the information. To deepen the understanding of the theory and to aid in the practice has practical information been gathered from various sources by questionnaires and theme interviews. The structure of the thesis is built as a zipper model, where theory and practice are combined in a discussion. The first part of the thesis focuses on the starting point analyses and offers more insight of Gambia as a market and operating environment. The purpose is to evaluate what the Gambian environment is like and to deepen the understanding of Gambia as a potential location for a travelling company. The secondary purpose is to offer tools for other Finnish companies that want to enter the Gambian market. The thesis has been narrowed down to focus on the tourism industry, but the theoretic part and practical advice can be used in any field of business. The end of the thesis focuses on the risks involving the business operations in Gambia and on the critical success factors in the hotel business. The schedule has been changed during the process due to difficulties reaching all interviewees. All parties interviewed have been professionals within the tourism and business branches. The interviews have been carried out as questionnaires vie E-mail or theme interviews by telephone or Skype. The interviewees have been two representatives of the commissioning company, a representative of a tour operator, the Finnish-Gambian ambassador and a Gambian director. The theoretic and practical data has been analyzed from different views. According to the gathered data is Gambia a potential location for a hotel business. All though the country is poor and is a dictatorship, is it believable that the government wants to develop the country further partly by democratic means. As the tourism industry is very important, the government tries to enhance its development with different inducements. Start-up companies are offered tax exemptions for a certain period and building land is given by the government. The ownership of foreigners are protected with legislation, which promises that the property will not be expropriated by the government. The bureaucracy is complicated and the corruption sets challenges especially for foreigners. The governmental tourism development agency provides advice and help in the process. At the same time the official wants to guarantee that the foreign investors are treated equally to the Gambians.
Management of commercialization : case studies of industrial, business-to-business product innovations
The marketing game : how the world's best companies play to win
Build your own life brand! : a powerful strategy to maximize your potential and enhance your value for ultimate achievement
This thesis was written to research the reception of H&M Company entering into South American market by opening their first store in Santiago de Chile. The main object is to find out the reception from the local people, how they have received and responded to H&M opening the first store in Chile and H&M as a company. By studying consumer behavior and customer satisfaction will give us the reception H&M has gotten from Chileans. As secondary objectives, questions such as why H&M chose to open their first in Chile, and not in other South American countries, and has it been the right choice, will also be studied as a background support. A retail company like H&M, is dependent on consumers and its customers. The company exists to offer products for consumers. The company?s profit is dependent on customers. Therefore, understanding consumer behavior and knowing customer satisfaction is the most essential for H&M. This study will also be touching slightly of other subjects as in marketing and global expansion as they overlap with the brand H&M and consumer behavior. Thus for this study, both qualitative method and quantitative method have been chosen, but the main research approach was still by using quantitative method. The questionnaire was sent to potential participants in Chile, who have visited H&M in Chile. Existing literature is used to reveal studies on consumer behavior and internalization. The theoretical framework and research data will be analyzed and to form conclusion the answer the research question.
Entry to the Hungarian market : case study: Suomen CNC-Metal Oy
Young women in the finnish footwear market : a study on the potential launch of a new trend footwear brand
Romancing the brand : how brands create strong, intimate relationships with customers
The first mile ; a launch manual for getting great ideas into the market
Reception study of H&M company in Chile : the buying behavior and customer satisfaction among the Chilean H&M customers
Approved marketing plans for new products and services
The omnipowerful brand : America's #1 brand specialist shares his secrets for catapulting your brand to marketing stardom
Piloting project : online social network launch in country X : case: Sulake Corporation Oy
Launching Lloyd's women's shoes collection for the Finnish market : suggestions and considerations
The contextual nature of launching industrial new products
The Dartnell Sales Promotion Handbook
Building brand identity by design : designing a new snowmobile for Finn-Power oy
Launch : an Internet millionaire's secret formula to sell almost anything online, build a business you love, and live the life of your dreams
This textbook discusses the most important theories of internationalization, including Product Life-Cycle, Internalization, Location, International New Venture concepts, and others. These models are grounded to a considerable extent in the Transaction Cost Theory and the Resource-Based View as explained in the book. Relevant market entry strategies are explained in light of crucial determinants of international business decision making.
Launching and marketing a mobile game : strategy and consumer perceptions
Information management improvement
Launching an improved paper brand. Case: Stora Enso Oyj
Creating and marketing new products and services
To launch or not to launch? -  A market opportinity study for a consumer product
Management of new product launches and other marketing projects
Abstract: Global launch of the first product in a biotechnology company : case FIT Biotech Oyj Plc.
Product development and launch marketing of digital television : comparisons between European digital television markets
This study was commissioned by Finnish Food Oy, in order to research the functional bottled water market, for the company wishes to enter this market by launching a new brand in the Finnish and Swedish markets. Initially the company commissioned a business plan but since they lacked knowledge about the target market it was decided instead to craft a marketing plan, where special emphasis would be put on the market itself, by analyzing competitors, key players, level of competition, etc. This thesis covered only the functional bottled water market, however elements from the following markets were used in order to better situate and understand the target market: bottled water, health and wellness beverages and fortified/functional beverages. One of the limits of this study is the lack of financial figures. This fact limited the possibility of making accurate sales and profit forecasts, thus the figures presented are just a suggestion based on the current level of prices in the market.  The study primarily focused on data gathered from secondary sources in general and Euromonitor International in particular, however a field observation in Finnish stores and supermarkets was used for establishing the price range within the market and a preliminary segmentation for the commissioning company. The main literature came from M. Wood Burk, D. Lynch, P. Kotler and M. Solomon et al. The study was carried-out from November 2010 to May 2011. Several drawbacks concerning the organization and contents of the study were encountered and a better time management would have been suitable on behalf of the author. The study concluded that the functional bottled water market is in full expansion and thus represents a great opportunity for Finnish Food, not only in Scandinavia but globally since consumers are turning to healthier lifestyles alternatives, nonetheless the company needs to carefully plan its segmentation and act accordingly as competition is fierce. It was noted that the functional bottled water is the category that is currently pushing the growth in the bottled water market, however, a well founded marketing and promotional strategy will be paramount in order to convince consumers that the product offered is not only a marketing gimmick but a beneficial product for both body and mind.
Buzz : harness the power of influence and create demand
The aim of this thesis is to provide the commissioner ZEF Ltd. with important points of considera-tion when entering the US market. The subject was agreed with the commissioner to support their business expansion abroad, and the desired results of this thesis will point out certain matters that may have gone unnoticed if it was not for this thesis. The purpose is to help ZEF have a suc-cessful market entry to the US. Mainly online sources were used for the theoretical background in order to ensure up-to-date information and practical approach. To support the knowledge provided by theory, a semi-structured interview covering all the four themes was conducted with Juho Risku, the co-founder and partner at Butterfly Ventures, due to his experience in operating a business in the US. The interview was used together with the theory to form a coherent knowledge base. The results show that ZEF needs to take into account each of the four themes introduced in this thesis. They should consider all the practicalities of establishing an office in a foreign country from entry strategies to market differences. After entering the country, the company needs to consider different ways of networking in order to establish relationships with business partners and cus-tomers. Also, ZEF needs to consider their marketing and sales operations, especially whether to use both inbound and outbound marketing, and whether their product is ready for the market or not. The final consideration is the arrangement of customer support, as customer support locating only in Finland is not going to be sufficient, and ZEF will face the need to recruit more employees in the US. This thesis was conducted when ZEF was not yet operating in the US. Therefore, as the situation and the companys plans may change during their US operations, further research could be done on each of the four themes or the situation as a whole. For example, continuously changing mar-keting methods can bring new research ideas, and the arrangement of customer support will face challenges as the US customer base grows bigger.
Product innovation : Leading change throught integrated product development
Choosing the best distribution channel(s) for a golf DVD in Russia : a case company: Point Alvin Oy
Night restaurants in Helsinki downtown area face fierce competition today. The number of various concepts is great and most operators compete for the attention and money of fairly same target market/ -s. Alongside traditional competitional tools such as quality and price new means need to be sought in order to stay in business, and more importantly, to be profitable. Relationship marketing offers one way of approaching this issue. It offers tools for studying all relationships a company has with its' environment, recognising the ones that are can be valuable and managing all these a successful entity.  In order to provide an extensive theoretical framework towards which the empirical part of the study about the use of relationship marketing can be reflected to, one has to study a number of issues. The theoretical part will begin with short introduction to socio-economic factors that affect the situation today. The issue of value creation is handled, both from the customer and the company point of view. Background and history of relationship marketing is studied and a number of marketing definitions and theories introduced. Furthermore the motivators behind consumer behaviour are discussed and concepts important to this subject explained. Finally all the issues above will be tied into logical entity in the chapter "relationship management and marketing strategy".  The empirical study was conducted as a qualitative study using half structured theme interviews. The interviewees all work in the chosen Helsinki night restaurants and are one way or another involved in the marketing planning and general management of these places. The beginning of empirical study shows the results of thirteen interviews. The later part of the chapter concentrates on the analysis that arise from the results and theory and on the recommendations based on the analysis.  In short the results show that all the restaurants in the study are familiar with the general concept of relationship marketing and practise a number of related activities such as VIP-card system and regular customer register. However it seems that strategic long term planning, clear goal setting for these actions and consistent follow up is often lacking. The importance of staff in using this approach was widely recognised but issues such as the necessity for clear separation between VIP-customers and masses divided opinions. Finally it seemed that all restaurants could name their chosen target segments but did not possess a lot data about them.
How to enter Chinese tourism market : market entry plan for Nordic Info. Services
Dynamic capabilities and market shaping : how can companies influence markets and improve firm performance?
A market analysis of the demand in Ghana for babies' disposable diapers : determining a market for a case organisation's product according to price
Opportunities for Saarioinen to launch Finnish organic cloudberry jam in the German market
Adland : a global history of advertising
Developing a marketing plan with the focus on the launching for an Internet Web service : case häät.fi
Market entry for BullRam Finland Oy to St.-Petersburg
Market Entry for Medical Mobile Applications to Enter German Market : The Possible Profitability for Recovery-plus in Germany
New product launch : 10 proven strategies
In this book, Jim Signorelli, a 30-year veteran of major branding campaigns, challenges the myth that causes brands to hide behind a mask of ineffective artificiality. It is the myth that pushes brands to be something they arent, or something they simply will never become.It is the long-standing myth that the customer is King.Every year, brands spend billions of dollars fashioning their identities in order to walk, talk, and act the way customers want them to. Much like the insincere politician who merely manufactures his or her identity to gain votes, motives become transparent, especially as information sharing opportunities gain traction.The truth about any brand is its foundational story. Its the one about universal beliefs and values that customers will readily identify with.
Entering the Swedish market via reseller channel : case M-files
Launching a successful music festival
Abstract: Launching and marketing a mobile game : strategy and consumer perceptions. As indicated by the title, the focus of this thesis is on both launching and marketing a mobile game. It aims to understand the consumer and its perceptions, the optimal marketing mix, and the most efficient way of launching a mobile game. All of this is applied in a real world setting, using the up-and-coming mobile gaming company Boomlagoon as an example. The marketing mix, consumer decision making process, lean startup method, and chasm are all concepts which are taken into consideration throughout the thesis. They act as the basis for methodology. Both in-depth interviews and a questionnaire are used to collect data. The research conducted is limited by sample size, due to the lack of resources available to the thesis author. In an optimal setting, the methodology applied in this thesis would contain more participants and research methods, in order to cross reference data and gain more depth to the information inferred. Overall, the results indicate that Boomlagoon is on the right track. However, applying the theories and concepts reviewed throughout the thesis, while not guaranteeing success, should at least aid the company in understanding their consumer, developing marketing efforts, and effectively launching their product.
Brand meaning : meaning, myth and mystique in today's brands
Market Research and Market Entry Challenges of Finnish Companies in Turkey : A comparison of technology-centric and product-centric approaches
A marketing development plan for Resovist
Post-entry factors as drivers for foreign operation mode change : case of Finnish firms in Chile
Way to grow! : collaborative branding model for small design enterprises
Marketing and Launching a Video Game: Demon Core
Marketing Concepts for D&k Suomi in Nigeria : Marketing for D&k Suomi
Partnering as a strategy to approach new markets : case Anders Inno
The swedes are here and they've opened a usefulshöpp : strong brand vs weak brand
The present thesis research is a commissioned case study for Gymicom Ltd. The goal of the research is to gather information on suitability of the German market for the company’s brand, Gymi. The market research is focused on interviews conducted with consumers in the target market. The research is conducted by using half structured interviews for consumers. The research sample of the qualitative research was gathered at FIBO Trade Fair in Cologne. The results of the research were divided into four themes according to the focus points of the thesis: customer groups, sports culture, market readiness and competition. Based on the results, there are suitable customer groups for Gymi. However, it cannot be fully stated if the target market has enough customers, since the competition is high in the target market. The sports culture is favoring Gymi, since the parents are sharing the same values with the concept. The results indicate that franchising could be a suitable business model for the market entry. In light of the results, it cannot be yet fully stated if the commissioner should or should not enter the German market. The target market needs deeper studying on customer groups and market readiness. Other further study suggestions concern the legal environment and costs of the market entry.
Podcast academy : the business podcasting book : launching, marketing, and measuring your podcast
Improving long-term awareness through Internet marketing
Brand it yourself : the fast focused way to marketplace magic
Choosing a suitable market entry mode for a company in the internationalisation process to russia : Case: Jesper Junior
