http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1312 travel tickets
travel tickets
Carouschka's tickets
Ticketing handbook
Finnish review
Manual of travel agency practice
Remedy inventory and ticketing system
Understanding travelers' continuous use of online travel services
E-service continuance: an insight into online travel services in China
Advance booking, reservations and refunds
With the changing technology, many companies are changing their systems from manual based systems to automated systems. These provide assistance for people who deal with large volumes of diverse types of rapidly changing information. Relational databases incorporated with sophisticated programs allow the user to perform complex analysis in a way that improves the speed and quality of work .The vision of many companies is to computerize their systems to improve production and efficiency and thus be more profitable. The purpose of the thesis was to create a database that manages both the ICT equipments and the help desk in an organization. The Remedy Inventory and Ticketing System application was developed using Ms Access 2003 for the Ministry of Education in Kenya. The thesis is divided into two parts, the first part of the thesis, the author was able illustrate the steps in designing and developing a relational database. The author compares the current system and the proposed system. The current help desk system is using Ms Excel files to manage its data and there is no ICT equipment database in operation. Where else the later part shows the actual design and development of the RITS application given the entities provided by the client organization, backing up and ensuring security for the database. The result of this study shows that though RITS, the proposed system tries to eliminate the faults in the current system, it does not completely eliminate them. It needs to be improved by the use of better, in-the-market applications like SQL and Oracle.
The future of pricing : how airline ticket pricing has inspired a revolution
