http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13183 working
working
Masters of their own time? Working carers’s visions about combining retirement and caring
Media and middle class moms : images and realities of work and family
Working-life expectancy in Finland : development in 2000-2009 and forecast for 2010-2015 : a multistate life table approach
Work-family challenges for low-income parents and their children
Abstract.
Pension policy responses to changing division of labour within the family
Balancing work and caregiving for children, adults, and elders
Reconciling work and family life : an international perspective on the role of companies
Crew and Co. : A collection of six stories
Hard choices : how women decide about work, career, and motherhood
The working life : the promise and betrayal of modern work
Female labour market behaviour and fertility : a rational-choice approach
Lone-parent families in Finland : labour force participation, income and family-policy support
Just let me lie down  : necessary terms for the half-insane working mom
Professor Mommy is a guide for women who want to combine the life of the mind with the joys of motherhood. The book provides practical suggestions gleaned from the experiences of the authors, together with those of other women who have successfully combined parenting with professorships. --from publisher description.
Real work for real pay : inclusive employment for people with disabilities
Adolescence and youth in early modern England
Mother care - other care
The process of parenting
Mothers at work : public policies in the United States, Sweden, and China
Claiming and framing in the making of care policies : the recognition and redistribution of care
Forgotten families : ending the growing crisis confronting children and working parents in the global economy
The Sustainability of the European Social Model : EU Governance, Social Protection and Employment Policies in Europe
Organisations, careers and caring
"Work is good for you" : lone mothers, children, work and well-being
Nursing and women's labour in the nineteenth century : the quest for independence
Women, men and children in families : private troubles and public issues
Infant mortality and working-class child care, 1850-1899
Employment of women in Chinese cultures : half the sky
The second shift : working parents and the revolution at home
Part-time work and deviant behaviour among Finnish adolescents
Women, work and family in Britain and Germany
Women in the Middle East and North Africa : change and continuity
Degree-oriented professional adult education in the work environment : a case study of the main determinants in the management of a long-term technology education process
Reconfigurations of class and gender
What is the relationship between the Scandinavian welfare states and working mothers? In welfare state literature dealing with Scandinavia it is often assumed that the welfare states in the region are developed according to a common 'model' (Allardt 1986; Andersen 1986; Erikson et al. 1987). The model is usually identified with an institutional approach, and with a Social Democratic tradition in government. The Social Democratic Labour parties have remained in power in Norway and Sweden throughout the greater part of the post World War II period, and predominated also in Denmark up to the 1980s. Thus, according to Esping-Andersen and Korpi (1987), a central characteristic of the Scandinavian model is that legislation is universalist and solidaristic, and that social policy is more comprehensive and institutional than in most other welfare states. Empirically, however, 'reproduction policies' or, more specifically, policies concerning the provision of care for very dependent people, challenge the idea of the Scandinavian welfare states as uniformly institutional. As I have argued above (ch. 2), the economic maintenance systems of the Scandinavian welfare states (the state-guaranteed economic transfers established to replace market-based income) have a stronger institutional imprint, while the care providing systems (referring to the state-sponsored services that supplement or replace the family and private charity in caring for very dependent persons) are more residual or marginal. Still, the policies of caring might demonstrate a common Scandinavian design.
Education and child labour in developing countries : a study on the role of non-governmental organisations in Bangladesh and Nepal
The association of alcohol dependency with employment probability : evidence from the population survey "Health 2000 in Finland"
Making ends meet : how single mothers survive welfare and low-wage work
Working-life expectancy in Finland : trends and differentials 2000-2015 : a multistate regression approach
Accompanied by guilt : modern motherhood the Swedish way
The elephant and the flea
Family issues of employed women in Europe and America
Effect of partial sick leave on work participation
Summary (s. 46-47).
Oil extraction in extreme remoteness : the organization of work and long-distance commuting in Russia’s northern resource peripheries
Creating a life : professional women and the quest for children
Socio-economic status and living arrangements of older persons in Finland
Essays on school resources, academic achievement and student employment
Women's work and chicano families : cannery workers of the Santa Clara Valley
Family life and working life colouring and structuring each other : case examples
Employment
Child care and corporate productivity : resolving family/work conflicts
The role of pension policy in promoting longer working careers of older people
The second shift
The elephant and the flea : looking backwards to the future
Secret freedom in the city : women's wage work and agency in Calcutta
Organizational change and gender equity : international perspectives on fathers and mothers at the workplace
Work orientations in Finland : a conceptual critique and an empirical study of work-related expections
She works/he works : how two-income families are happy, healthy, and thriving
Working mothers
Longer careers? : the Veto Programme indicators
Professor mommy : finding work-family balance in academia
Women's work in Britain and France : practice, theory and policy
Working-life expectancy in Finland: trends and differentials 2000-2015 : a multistate regression approach
Integrating work and family : challenges and choices for a changing world
Ache and melancholy : co-occurence of musculoskeletal pain and depressive symptoms in Finland
Shadow mothers : nannies, au pairs, and the micropolitics of mothering
Who will sing my puff-a-bye?
Young people and work
Parental employment and caring for children : developments and trends in EC and Nordic countries
Women's career development : a study of high flyers
Opportunities, constraints and constrained opportunities : a study on mothers' working time patterns in 22 European countries
Summary (s. 6).
The Finnish employment and income security models in a Nordic comparison
Politicising parenthood in Scandinavia : gender relations in welfare states
Working families : the transformation of the American home
Working wives and dual-earner families
Families at work : expanding the boundaries
To work or not to work? : the effect of child-care subsidies on the labour supply of parents
Married to the job: wives' incorporation in men's work
Happy mondays : putting the pleasure back into work
The decade of elusive promise: professional women in the United States, 1920-1930
Workfare and welfare state legitimacy
The changing shape of the care diamond : the case of child and elderly care in Japan
Older workers in a globalizing world : an international comparison of retirement and late-career patterns in Western industrialized countries
Towards a Chinese conception of social support : a study of the social support networks of Chinese working mothers in Beijing
Balancing act : motherhood, marriage, and employment among American women
Two worlds of working women : legislation and women's labour force participation in Australia and Finland
Working longer : the solution to the retirement income challenge
Working families and growing kids : caring for children and adolescents
Off-ramps and on-ramps : keeping talented women on the road to success
Married women's labour supply in Finland
The second shift : working families and the revolution at home
The political economy of race and class in South Africa
Childbearing and Work-Family Balance among Contemporary Russian Women
Academic mothers
Research in the sociology of work. Vol. 7, Work and family
Work and family life
Welfare states and working mothers : the Scandinavian experience
I don't know how she does it : a comedy about failure, a tragedy about success
Maid in the U.S.A
When teenagers work : the psychological and social costs of adolescent employment
Work and family interface in international career context
Business for aspies : 42 best practices for using asperger syndrome traits at work successfully
Work and childcare : implementing the Council recommendation on childcare : a guide to good practice
The role of voluntary work in a welfare state : the case of Finland
Most workplaces are as a frenzied swirl of social interaction - between employees and bosses, customers and clients, and anyone else present. People with a mental framework better suited to non-social tasks can often be overlooked and underutilised in such an environment, but this book explains exactly how those with Asperger Syndrome can get their talents recognised and become successful and indispensable employees. Using a simple numbered structure, Ashley Stanford addresses all of the issues that can arise once a person with AS secures employment, through the eyes of both employee and employer. Describing what might be expected of any employee, she offers helpful tips and workarounds to enable AS individuals achieve their fullest potential. In a positive and upbeat tone, she shows that with the right supports and strategies, it is possible to overcome the day-to-day challenges that trip up even the most savvy Aspie, including negotiating pay rises, employer/employee relationships, team meetings, career advancement, and choosing when to take vacation time. Drawing on her experience as CEO of a computer software company, she also suggests steps that employers and managers can take to improve the working environment for people with AS. Business for Aspies will help people with AS take steps towards achieving happy and fulfilled working lives.
Maternal employment and children's development : longitudinal research
TYÖSSÄKÄYNTITILASTO 1996-1997 = SYSSELSÄTTNINGSSTATISTIK
3rd European quality of life survey : quality of life in Europe : families in the economic crisis
Working beyond 60 : key policies and practices in Europe
The after-school lives of children : alone and with others while parents work
Childcare service expansion in Chile and Mexico : for women or children or both?
Women in manufacturing : patterns, determinants and future trends. [1], Case study
There are contrasting views on how gender equality affects fertility in contemporary European societies. This article discusses the Russian situation by asking how tensions in the contemporary gender system relate to reproductive decision-making and identity. How do gendered practices and identities influence womens intentions to have children? In depth interview data gathered during the last decade is used to analyze how the two main gender contracts of the professional women and the working mother relate to family planning, child birth, pregnancies, and mothering. Results indicate that while Russian women experience increasing pressure of the double burden and few signs of increasing gender equality in domestic life, the stable identity of Russian mothering contributes to the birth of at least one child. Childbearing does not depend directly on gender roles and division of labor in households. The decision to have a child and care for small children continues to be womens responsibility even as fertility patterns have modernized and gender equality in couple relations is slightly increasing. However, the type of gender contract influences the process of negotiation concerning reproductive matters and the timing of childbirth. .
Perceiving motherhood and fatherhood : Swedish working parents with young children
Women at the gates : gender and industry in Stalin's Russia
TYÖSSÄKÄYNTITILASTO 1995-1996 = SYSSELSÄTTNINGSSTATISTIK
Women, men, work and family in Europe
First-year maternal employment and child development in the first 7 years
Babies and bosses : reconciling work and family life. Vol. 1, Australia, Denmark and the Netherlands
Women, work, and family : balancing and weaving
Women in manufacturing : patterns, determinants and future trends. [2], Executive summary
Work and family : theory, research, and applications
Who cares? : a report commissioned by the LV group on: the business benefits of carer-friendly employment practices
Employment of students
Monitoring the employment strategy and the duration of active working life
Mothers' employment and childcare use in Britain
Working mothers and the welfare state : religion and the politics of work-family policies in Western Europe and the United States
Education and longer working lives : a longitudinal study on education differences in the late exit from working life of older employees in Finland
Summary.
Second European quality of life survey : family life and work
Caring and counting : the impact of mothers' employment on family relationships
"Investigates the prospects for moving the average retirement age to 66 from 63. Examines companies' incentives to employ older workers and what government can do to promote continued participation in the workforce. Considers the challenge of ensuring a secure retirement for low-wage workers and those unable to continue to work"--Provided by publisher.
Running around in circles : coordinating childcare, education and work
Psychosocial aspects of transformation of the Czech society within the context of European integration
Nepalese child labourers' life-contexts, cognitive skills and well-being
Longer careers? : 'Veto' programme indicators
Social and economic conditions of student life in Europe : synopsis of indicators : final report : Eurostudent III 2005-2008
Reconciling work and family life : a challenge for Europe : supplement to the official report from the Swedish Committee on the International Year of the Family
Balancing employment and family life : the role of employers : proceedings of the international symposium
Employers and the flexible retirement age : employer views on the Finnish pension reform in 2005 and older employees' continued work
Lone parents, employment and social policy : cross-national comparisons
Parental employment and caring children : policies and services in EC and Nordic countries
Academic motherhood in a post-second wave context : challenges, strategies and possibilities
Involved parenthood : everyday lives of Swedish middle-class families
Reconciliation of family and work : Mother's choice of beginning to work after birth in Finland during and after the depression in 1990's
Working couples
Disposable domestics : immigrant women workers in the global economy
Broken patterns : professional women and the quest for a new feminine identity
Weaving work and motherhood
Fertility in the United States : new patterns, new theories
Economic studies on higher education and productivity
Dual welfare : segmentation and work enforcement in the Swedish welfare system
How fathers care for the next generation : a four-decade study
Making dyslexia work for you
