http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13187 months
months
Adaptation of trees to the variation in the length of the growing season
A year with friends
Travel  : where to go when
Follows Huckle Cat through a busy day at school, as he learns the alphabet, enjoys the playground, and participates in show and tell.
Finnish women artists / Riitta Konttinen ; published by the Ministry for Foreign Affairs, Department for Press and Culture
Earth : the life of a planet
Regulation of growth onset and cessation in Norway spruce, Scots pine and silver birch
Where to go when : the world's best destinations
Visual observations of artificial earth satellites in Finland
January brings the snow : a seasonal hide-and-seek
This is a magnificent collection of 366 poems compiled by Allie Esiri, one to share for every night of the year. The poems - together with introductory paragraphs - have a link to the date on which they appear. Shakespeare celebrates midsummer night, Maya Angelou International Women's Day and Lewis Carroll April Fool's day. Perfect for reading aloud and sharing with all the family, it contains a full spectrum of poetry from familiar favourites to exciting contemporary voices. Alfred, Lord Tennyson, W. B. Yeats, A. A. Milne and Christina Rossetti sit alongside Roger McGough, Carol Ann Duffy and Benjamin Zephaniah.
One year with Kipper
Second and third growth period responses of Picea abies families to first growth period photoperiodic, light intensity and temperature treatments
First term at L'Etoile : school for stars
A poem for every night of the year
Around the year : a picture book
Travel back through history to a small settlement named Samara. Each player is a foreman and leads a group of builders who spend their time on improving skills, building different buildings, adding new workers, or taking vacation... The unique timetrack mechanism challenges players to plan labor time efficiently. Become the most prestigious foreman!
Film art : an introduction
A taste for all seasons : cooking and design in Sweden
Kriging in interpolating July mean temperatures and precipitation sums
A down to earth guide to the cosmos
Summary.
X-Men : the age of Apocalypse. 1 : Alpha
The dynamics of monthly seasonalities in finnish stock market
Text, photographs and illustrations offer a visual narrative of the geographical history of Earth
My first book of time
Richard Scarry's great big schoolhouse
The boat
Effect of waterlogging on boreal forest tree seedlings during dormancy and early growing season
My big fat supernatural honeymoon
The turn-of-the-month effect in the Finnish stock markets in the 21st century
