http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13194 slaves
slaves
The book of night women
12 years a slave
THE ADVENTURES OF HUCKLEBERRY FINN
Barbot on Guinea : the writings of Jean Barbot on West Africa 1678-1712. Vol. 1
The story of land and sea
Mastering the Niger : James MacQueen's African geography and the struggle over Atlantic slavery
Spartacus and the slave wars : a brief history with documents
An ember in the ashes
American slavery : a very short introduction
Gladiator : son of Spartacus
Killer of men
Slaves of the Shah : new elites of Safavid Iran
Harriet Tubman : the road to freedom
Interest in contemporary slavery has increased dramatically over the last ten years, but there remains a widespread tendency to view slavery in the past and slavery in current society as independent fields of study. This book provides a comparative analysis of historical slave systems and modern forms of human bondage. From this standpoint, recent concerns over human trafficking, debt-bondage, child labor and other related problems are analyzed in view of the historical strengths and weaknesses of the legal abolition of slavery. By bringing together a range of studies on different aspects of slavery, both past and present, this book provides a platform for promoting dialogue about ways of addressing both contemporary slavery and the enduring legacies of historical slave systems.--Publisher's description.
The adventures of Huckleberry Finn
To the heart of the Nile : Florance Baker's extraordinary life from the harem to the heart of Africa
In Mastering the Niger, David Lambert recalls Scotsman James MacQueen (1778-1870) and his publication of A New Map of Africa in 1841 to show that Atlantic slavery-as a practice of subjugation, a source of wealth, and a focus of political struggle-was entangled with the production, circulation, and reception of geographical knowledge. The British empire banned the slave trade in 1807 and abolished slavery itself in 1833, creating a need for a new British imperial economy. Without ever setting foot on the continent, MacQueen took on the task of solving the "Niger problem," that is, to successful
Awash in a sea of faith : Christianizing the American people
The night villa
Glory over everything : beyond the Kitchen house
Wolves in winter
Narrative of the life of Frederick Douglass, an American slave, written by himself : authoritative text, contexts, criticism
Slave cultures and the cultures of slavery
The interesting narrative of the life of Olaudah Equiano, or Gustavus Vassa, the African, written by himself
A free state : a novel
Lost people : magic and the legacy of slavery in Madagascar
Barbot on Guinea : the writings of Jean Barbot on West Africa 1678-1712. Vol. 2
An aristocratic girl who is a member of a warmongering and enslaving empire purchases a slave, an act that sets in motion a rebellion that might overthrow her world as well as her heart.
The underground railroad
"The stunning first installment of a new American Odyssey, set over the course of the Civil War, and penned by Pulitzer Prize & Tony Award winner Suzan-Lori Parks (Topdog/Underdog).Offered his freedom if he joins his master in the ranks of the Confederacy, Hero, a slave, must choose whether to leave the woman and people he loves for what may be yet another empty promise. As his decision brings him face-to-face with a nation at war with itself, the loved ones Hero left behind debate whether to escape or wait for his return, only to discover that for Hero, free will may have come at a great spiritual cost.A devastatingly beautiful dramatic work filled with music, wit and great lyricism, Father Comes Home From the Wars is an epic tale about holding on to who we are and what we love in a country that both brings us together and rips us apart.^Father Comes Home From the Wars (Parts 1, 2 & 3) enjoyed its world premiere production in October-December 2014, Off-Broadway at The Public Theater. It received rave reviews and was extended twice. The world premiere production will be seen at American Repertory Theater in Cambridge, Massachusetts, beginning January 2015.Praise for Father Comes Home From the Wars: "By turns philosophical and playful, lyrical and earthy, Suzan-Lori Parks's new play, Father Comes Home From the Wars (Parts 1, 2 & 3), swoops, leaps, dives and soars across three endlessly stimulating hours, reimagining a turbulent turning point in American history through a cockeyed contemporary lens... The finest work yet from this gifted writer... [It] just be the best new play I've seen all year... The wonder of Ms.Parks's achievement is how smoothly she blends the high and the low, the serious and the humorous, the melodramatic and the grittily realistic; [she has] a voice that can transform blunt, vernacular language into fluid, flowing free verse." - Charles Isherwood, New York Times"A nine-part serial whose first three parts are now being produced... Can one-third of something already be a masterpiece? Seems like it to me.... People long for stories that engage the deepest possible issues in the most gripping possible ways. Father Comes Home From the Wars is one of those stories --or maybe more than one." - Jesse Green, New York Magazine "Brilliant, beautiful... With this vibrant freestanding trilogy... Parks has achieved something that engages with a bold theatricality both lyrical and raw, without sacrificing any of her thematic ambition or her structural and intellectual complexity. Each of the three parts thrums with its own vitality [and they] form a mutually invigorating whole. Parks' incomparable command of percussive vernacular is no surprise, and her dialogue here might just as easily be sung. This haunting work is funny and tragic, whimsical and lacerating, poetic and poignant, navigating its radical tonal shifts with fluidity and grace.... If Parks can sustain her sprawling project at this level as it moves forward, there's every reason to hope it will ultimately become no less significant and emotionally resonant an undertaking than August Wilson's ten-play Century Cycle." - David Rooney, Hollywood Reporter "The best new play of the year...It is bold, hugely entertaining, moving and thrillingly ambitious. Playwright Suzan-Lori Parks bids fair to create a sprawling multi-part epic to plant alongside August Wilson's monumental Century Cycle, one of the great achievements in theater history. Parts 4 through 9 (? or more?) can't come fast enough for me." - Michael Giltz, Huffington Post "--
Roman slave law
The Vorrh
Social death and resurrection : slavery and emancipation in South Africa
Narrative of the life of Frederick Douglass, an American slave written by himself
The folk songs of North America : in the English language
How to manage your slaves
The Vorrh : a novel
Slave rebellion in Brazil : the Muslim uprising of 1835 in Bahia
An ember in the ashes : a novel
The history of Mary Prince : a West Indian slave
On the Spartacus road : a spectacular journey through ancient Italy
Slave society in the city : Bridgetown, Barbados 1680-1834
Dismantling black manhood : a historical and literary analysis of the legacy of slavery
Blood oath
Stowaway slaves
The Routledge history of slavery
Clottus and the ghostly gladiator
The moor's account
The American slave coast : a history of the slave-breeding industry
Spartacus : the gladiator
Ar'n't I a woman? : female slaves in the plantation South
Without concent or contract : the rise and fall of American slavery. Markets and production : Technical papers. Vol. 1
A brief history of slavery
Adventures of Huckleberry Finn
Django Zorro : the official sequel to Django unchained
The winner's curse
Forest of the pygmies
The mechanical
"Laia is a Scholar living under the iron-fisted rule of the Martial Empire. When her brother is arrested for treason, Laia goes undercover as a slave at the empire's greatest military academy in exchange for assistance from rebel Scholars who claim that they will help to save her brother from execution." / WolrldCat.
This novel is set in 1855, when Blackface minstrelsy is the most popular form of entertainment in a nation about to be torn apart by the battle over slavery.  Henry Sims, a fugitive slave and a brilliant musician, has escaped to Philadelphia.  He befriends James Douglass, leader of the Virginia Harmonists, a minstrel troup.  A Free State is both a riveting chase novel and a searing parable of liberty and its costs.  Charged with narrative tension and unforgettable characters, it is a thrilling work by a novelist at the height of his powers / Library of Congress.
Freedom : the underground railroad
I Thought My Soul Would Rise and Fly : The Diary of Patsy, a Freed Girl
Fight for freedom
Narrative of the life of Frederick Douglass : an American slave
The transatlantic slave trade : a history
The burning shadow
The underground railroad : a novel
12 years a slave : a true story
Free at last! : the impact of freed slaves on the Roman empire
Crossings : Africa, the Americas and the Atlantic slave trade
Fantasy lover
Gender, manumission, and the Roman freedwoman
African American voices : the life cycle of slavery
Journeys of the slave narrative in the early Americas
The Moor's account
The Missouri controversy 1819-1821
Slavery in America : a reader and guide
Chains
Underground airlines
Healing : a novel
Slaveholders in Jamaica : colonial society and culture during the era of abolition
The long song
A short history of slavery
The internal enemy : slavery and war in Virginia 1772-1832
The end of slavery in Africa and the Americas : a comparative approach
Kushiel's chosen
Father comes home from the wars : parts 1, 2 & 3
"Laia is a Scholar living under the iron-fisted rule of the Martial Empire. When her brother is arrested for treason, Laia goes undercover as a slave at the empire's greatest military academy in exchange for assistance from rebel Scholars who claim that they will help to save her brother from execution"-- Provided by publisher
Up from slavery : an autobiography
Lilith was born into slavery on a Jamaican sugar plantation at the end of the eighteenth century. Even at her birth, the slave women around her recognize a dark power that they--and she--will come to both revere and fear. The Night Women, as they call themselves, have long been plotting a slave revolt, and as Lilith comes of age and reveals the extent of her power, they see her as the key to their plans. But when she begins to understand her own feelings and desires and identity, Lilith starts to push at the edges of what is imaginable for the life of a slave woman in Jamaica, and risks becoming the conspiracy's weak link.
"This short introduction to American slavery begins with the Portuguese capture of Africans in the 1400s and, drawing upon the scholarship of numerous historians as well as the analysis of primary documents, explores the development of slavery in the American colonies and later, the United States of America. It analyzes early legislation in Virginia that differentiated Indians and Africans from Europeans and began the process of stratifying society based on racial categories. Unlike some recent scholarship, it is attentive to the actual labor that enslaved people performed, reminding us that more than anything else, slavery was a system of forced labor that produced wealth for a new nation. And, it considers the tensions that arose between enslaved and enslavers as they interacted with one another, exerting control and undermining efforts at domination. Throughout, it explores slavery within the context of moral contradiction that included the development of an ideology that valorized freedom alongside a practice and justification of slavery that deemed inferior and denied freedom to a large swath of the population. The book explores conflicts between abolitionists who worked to eliminate slavery and pro-slavery advocates who worked doggedly to sustain the power and wealth they derived from the institution. It ends with the abolition of slavery in America following the Civil War"--
Speaking power : black feminist orality in women's narratives of slavery
Island beneath the sea
Maria, Emilio, the governor and her right-hand man have fled Puerto Blanco. On the small island where they're hiding, they've been shocked to discover the Barracuda! But its captain is no longer onboard, and they'll have to venture inland to find him - despite the indigenous tribes who live there. Raffy, meanwhile, wasn't lucky enough to escape, and he is still in the hands of the Spanish forces and the new governor: his former lover and ex-prostitute Keen-Flame?
Identity in the shadow of slavery
Green River daydreams : a novel
"It is the present-day, and the world is as we know it: smartphones, social networking and Happy Meals. Save for one thing: the Civil War never occurred.  A gifted young Black man calling himself Victor has struck a bargain with federal law enforcement, working as a bounty hunter for the US Marshall Service. He's got plenty of work. In this version of America, slavery continues in four states called "the Hard Four." On the trail of a runaway known as Jackdaw, Victor arrives in Indianapolis knowing that something isn't right - with the case file, with his work, and with the country itself.  A mystery to himself, Victor suppresses his memories of his childhood on a plantation, and works to infiltrate the local cell of a abolitionist movement called the Underground Airlines. Tracking Jackdaw through the back rooms of churches, empty parking garages, hotels, and medical offices, Victor believes he's hot on the trail. But his strange, increasingly uncanny pursuit is complicated by a boss who won't reveal the extraodinary stakes of Jackdaw's case, as well as by a heartbreaking young woman and her child who may be Victor's salvation. Victor himself may be the biggest obstacle of all - though his true self remains buried, it threatens to surface. Victor believes himself to be a good man doing bad work, unwilling to give up the freedom he has worked so hard to earn. But in pursuing Jackdaw, Victor discovers secrets at the core of the country's arrangement with the Hard Four, secrets the government will preserve at any cost. Underground Airlines is a ground-breaking novel, a wickedly imaginative thriller, and a story of an America that is more like our own than we'd like to believe"--
Eurasian slavery, ransom and abolition in world history, 1200-1860
The author of the New York Times bestseller and beloved book club favorite The Kitchen House continues the story of Jamie Pyke, son of both a slave and master of Tall Oakes, whose deadly secret compels him to take a treacherous journey through the Underground Railroad.  Published in 2010, The Kitchen House became a grassroots bestseller. Fans connected so deeply to the book's characters that the author, Kathleen Grissom, found herself being asked over and over "what happens next?" The wait is finally over.  This new, stand-alone novel opens in 1830, and Jamie, who fled from the Virginian plantation he once called home, is passing in Philadelphia society as a wealthy white silversmith. After many years of striving, Jamie has achieved acclaim and security, only to discover that his aristocratic lover Caroline is pregnant. Before he can reveal his real identity to her, he learns that his beloved servant Pan has been captured and sold into slavery in the South. Pan's father, to whom Jamie owes a great debt, pleads for Jamie's help, and Jamie agrees, knowing the journey will take him perilously close to Tall Oakes and the ruthless slave hunter who is still searching for him. Meanwhile, Caroline's father learns and exposes Jamie's secret, and Jamie loses his home, his business, and finally Caroline.  Heartbroken and with nothing to lose, Jamie embarks on a trip to a North Carolina plantation where Pan is being held with a former Tall Oakes slave named Sukey, who is intent on getting Pan to the Underground Railroad. Soon the three of them are running through the Great Dismal Swamp, the notoriously deadly hiding place for escaped slaves. Though they have help from those in the Underground Railroad, not all of them will make it out alive - Provided by publisher.
Arena two
Elijah of Buxton
An aristocratic girl who is a member of a warmongering and enslaving empire purchases a slave, an act that sets in motion a rebellion that might overthrow her world as well as her heart  / Library of Congress.
New Slavery : a refence handbook
The Black Saturnalia : conflict and its ritual expression on British West Indian slave plantations
Belle : the true story of Dido Belle
12 years a slave : a true story of betrayal, kidnap and slavery
The Clakker: a mechanical man, endowed with great strength and boundless stamina -- but beholden to the wishes of its human masters. Soon after the Dutch scientist and clockmaker Christiaan Huygens invented the very first Clakker in the 17th Century, the Netherlands built a whole mechanical army. It wasn't long before a legion of clockwork fusiliers marched on Westminster, and the Netherlands became the world's sole superpower. Three centuries later, it still is. Only the French still fiercely defend their belief in universal human rights for all men -- flesh and brass alike. After decades of warfare, the Dutch and French have reached a tenuous cease-fire in a conflict that has ravaged North America. But one audacious Clakker, Jax, can no longer bear the bonds of his slavery. He will make a bid for freedom, and the consequences of his escape will shake the very foundations of the Brasswork Throne.
The haunting in Connecticut, 2 : ghosts of Georgia
"This volume includes interdisciplinary essays on slave narratives from the Atlantic world of the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries, focusing on lesser known examples of the genre"--Provided by publisher.
Exile in colonial Asia : kings, convicts, commemoration
Silent terror : a journey into contemporary African slavery
The lion's slave
Enslaved peoples in the 1990s : indigenous peoples, dept bondage and human rights : [a report]
How did freed slaves reinvent themselves after the shackles of slavery had been lifted? How were they reintegrated into society, and what was their social position and status? What contributions did they make to the society that had once - sometimes brutally - repressed them? This collection builds on recent dynamic work on Roman freedmen, the contributors drawing upon a rich and varied body of evidence - visual, literary, epigraphic and archaeological - to elucidate the impact of freed slaves on Roman society and culture amid the shadow of their former servitude. The contributions span the period between the first century BC and the early third century AD and survey the territories of the Roman Republic and Empire, while focusing on Italy and Rome.
Twelve years a slave
Crossed bones
"A wide-ranging, powerful, alternative vision of the history of the United States and how the slave-breeding industry shaped it. The American Slave Coast tells the horrific story of how the slavery business in the United States made the reproductive labor of "breeding women" essential to the expansion of the nation. The book shows how slaves' children, and their children's children, were human savings accounts that were the basis of money and credit. This was so deeply embedded in the economy of the slave states that it could only be decommissioned by Emancipation, achieved through the bloodiest war in the history of the United States. The American Slave Coast is an alternative history of the United States that presents the slavery business, as well as familiar historical figures and events, in a revealing new light"--
SLAVE SONGS OF THE UNITED STATES
Birds of prey
Unfinished business : a comparative survey of historical and contemporary slavery
The gladiator
Bitter Chocolate
Uncle Tom's cabin
