http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13152 intelligence (observation and perception)
intelligence (observation and perception) reconnaissance
British military intelligence in the Crimean War, 1854-1856
Intelligence : from secrets to policy
The survivor
Intelligence wars : American secret history from Hitler to al-Qaeda
Journey to Munich
Operation Big : the race to stop Hitler's A-bomb
A foreign country
A bloody storm
Enemies is the first definitive history of the FBI's secret intelligence operations, from an author whose work on the Pentagon and the CIA won him the Pulitzer Prize and the National Book Award. We think of the FBI as America's police force. But secret intelligence is the Bureau's first and foremost mission. Enemies is the story of how presidents have used the FBI to conduct political warfare, and how the Bureau became the most powerful intelligence service the United States possesses. Here is the hidden history of America's hundred-year war on terror. The FBI has fought against terrorists, spies, anyone it deemed subversive--and sometimes American presidents. The FBI's secret intelligence and surveillance techniques have created a tug-of-war between national security and civil liberties. It is a tension that strains the very fabric of a free republic.--Publisher description.
Annual review of information science and technology
A Danish national-turned-associate of al Qaeda provides an inside look at his decade as a radical Islamist, as well as his ultimate decision to leave the jihadist life and become a double agent for the CIA and British and Danish intelligence.
The great game : the struggle for empire in Central Asia
Swedish summary.
The C.I.A. and the U-2 program, 1954-1974
Spying on democracy : government surveillance, corporate power and public resistance
Covert and overt : recollecting and connecting intelligence service and information science
The Soviet estimate : U.S. intelligence analysis & Soviet strategic forces
Swedish signal intelligence, 1900-1945
Interrogation in war and conflict : a comparative and interdisciplinary analysis
Beyond combat : essays in military history in honor of Russell F. Weigley
Stalin's secret war : Soviet counterintelligence against the Nazis, 1941-1945
Russian military intelligence in the war with Japan, 1904-05 : secret operations on land and at sea
The secret wireless war : [the story of M16 communications 1939-1945]
Eliciting human intelligence : a conceptualization and empirical testing of the Scharff-technique
Behind God's back
The Emperor's gold
The secret speech
Espionage : fascinating stories of spies and spying
The wartime journals
Strategic thinking in criminal intelligence
Combating terrorism and its implications for the security sector
Intelligence elsewhere : spies and espionage outside the anglosphere
Failing intelligence : the true story of how we were fooled into going to war in Iraq
Blood of the earth
The secret ministry of Ag. & Fish : my life in Churchill's school for spies
Enigma : the battle for the code
Dark invasion : the secret war against the Kaiser's spies
Structured analytic techniques for intelligence analysis
Killing hope : U.S. military and CIA interventions since World War II
The French secret services : from the Dreyfus Affair to the Gulf War
Intelligence services in the information age : theory and practice
The ultimate spy book
Backfire : the CIA's biggest burn
Lawrence in Arabia : war, deceit, imperial folly and the making of the modern Middle East
Towards strategic intelligence : foresight, intelligence and policy-making
The man in the snow
The cuckoo's egg : tracking a spy through the maze of computer espionage
A history of the Russian secret service
Jason Bourne
No place to hide : Edward Snowden, the NSA, and the U.S. surveillance state
Dead lions
The Bletchley Park codebreakers
Here is the hidden history of the CIA: why eleven presidents and three generations of CIA officers have been unable to understand the world; why nearly every CIA director has left the agency in worse shape than he found it; and how these failures have profoundly jeopardized our national security. For sixty years, the CIA has managed to maintain a formidable reputation in spite of its terrible record, burying its blunders in top-secret archives. Its mission was to know the world--when it did not succeed, it set out to change the world instead. Now Pulitzer Prize-winning journalist Weiner offers the first definitive history of the CIA, based on more than 50,000 documents, primarily from the archives of the CIA itself, and hundreds of interviews with CIA veterans, including ten Directors of Central Intelligence.--From publisher description.
Menolly, an acrobat-turned-vampire and operative for the Otherworld Intelligence Agency, must finally confront her sire, Dredge, who, in partnership with the demon Shadow Wing, is turning humans into newborn vampires.
World War I and the origins of U.S. military intelligence
The double-cross system in the war of 1939 to 1945
A World of Secrets : the uses and limits of intelligence
The history thieves : secrets, lies and the shaping of a modern nation
GCHQ : the uncensored story of Britain's most secret intelligence agency
Churchill on the Far East in the Second World War : hiding the history of the 'special relationship'
The SAS in Ireland
F.E.A.R. 2 : Project origin : PlayStation 3
Hitler's piano player : the rise and fall of Ernst Hanfstaengl, confident of Hitler, ally of FDR
Gentleman spy : the life of Allen Dulles
Intelligence is for commanders
The role of information in the battlefield : US XVII Airborne Corps operations in the Persian Gulf War in 1991.
Night school : a Jack Reacher novel
Soviet acquisition of military significant western technology : an update
Moscow sting
CIA̕s secret war
Enemies : a history of the FBI
Antidiplomacy : spies, terror, speed, and war
Intel wars : the secret history of the fight against terror
The intelligence war : penetrating the secret world of today's advanced technology conflict
Spy flights of the Cold War
Towards an intelligence revolution? : comments on the future role of social intelligence in international relations : paper presented at the meeting on the knowledge industry and the process of development, OECD development centre, 9th-12th June, 1980
Red to black
Wedge : the secret war between the FBI and CIA
Silent warfare : understanding the world of intelligence
The haunted wood : Soviet espionage in America - the Stalin era
The dying light
The surveillance imperative : the rise of the geosciences during the Cold War
A thread of deceit : espionage myths of World War II
The final cut
Encyclopedia of Cold War espionage, spies, and secret operations
Stettin Station
Death of a dissident : the poisoning of Alexander Litvinenko and the return of the KGB
Challenges in intelligence analysis : lessons from 1300 BCE to the present
Snakehead : Alex Rider
It's 1996, and Reacher is still in the army. In the morning they give him a medal, and in the afternoon they send him back to school. That night he's off the grid. Out of sight, out of mind. Two other men are in the classroom -- an FBI agent and a CIA analyst. Each is a first-rate operator, each is fresh off a big win, and each is wondering what the hell they are doing there. Then they find out: a Jihadist sleeper cell in Hamburg, Germany, has received an unexpected visitor -- a Saudi courier, seeking safe haven while waiting to rendezvous with persons unknown. A CIA asset, undercover inside the cell, has overheard the courier whisper a chilling message: "The American wants a hundred million dollars." For what? And who from? Reacher and his two new friends are told to find the American. Reacher recruits the best soldier he has ever worked with: Sergeant Frances Neagley. Their mission heats up in more ways than one, while always keeping their eyes on the prize. If they don't get their man, the world will suffer an epic act of terrorism. From Langley to Hamburg, Jalalabad to Kiev, Night School moves through a treacherous landscape of double crosses, faked identities, and new and terrible enemies, as Reacher maneuvers inside the game and outside the law.
Author James David tells the inside story of how NASA became a strange bedfellow to the Department of Defense and the National Security Agency, performing covert operations such as flying over sensitive areas, launching secret telecommunications satellites, and missile launch testing.
The third option
The lesser terror : Soviet state security, 1939-1953
Legacy of ashes : the history of the CIA
"Combining the pulsating drive of Showtime's Homeland with the fascinating historical detail of such of narrative nonfiction bestsellers as Double Cross and In the Garden of Beasts, Dark Invasion is Howard Blum's gritty, high-energy true-life tale of German espionage and terror on American soil during World War I, and the NYPD Inspector who helped uncover the plot--the basis for the film to be produced by and starring Bradley Cooper. When a "neutral" United States becomes a trading partner for the Allies early in World War I, the Germans implement a secret plan to strike back. A team of saboteurs--including an expert on germ warfare, a Harvard professor, and a brilliant, debonair spymaster--devise a series of "mysterious accidents" using explosives and biological weapons, to bring down vital targets such as ships, factories, livestock, and even captains of industry like J.P. Morgan. New York Police Inspector Tom Tunney, head of the department's Bomb Squad, is assigned the difficult mission of stopping them. Assembling a team of loyal operatives, the cunning Irish cop hunts for the conspirators among a population of more than eight million Germans. But the deeper he finds himself in this labyrinth of deception, the more Tunney realizes that the enemy's plan is far more complex and more dangerous than he suspected.Full of drama and intensity, illustrated with eight pages of black and-white photos, Dark Invasion is riveting war thriller that chillingly echoes our own time"--
"Personal information contained in your emails, phone calls, GPS movements and social media is a hot commodity, and corporations are cashing in by mining and selling the data they collect about our private lives. "Spying on Democracy" reveals how the government acquires and uses such information to target those individuals and/or groups it deems threatening"--
Spies in the Vatican : espionage & intrigue from Napoleon to the Holocaust
Spy book : the encyclopedia of espionage
Risks : the key to combat intelligence
Air spy : the story of photographic intelligence in World War II
Morten Storm was an unlikely jihadi. A six-foot-one red-haired Dane, Storm spent his teens in and out of trouble. A book about the Prophet Mohammed prompted his conversion to Islam, and Storm sought purpose in a community of believers. He attended a militant madrasah in Yemen, named his son Osama, and became close friends with Anwar al-Awlaki, the American-born terrorist cleric. But after a decade of jihadi life, he not only repudiated extremism but, in a quest for atonement, became a double agent for the CIA and British and Danish intelligence. Agent Storm takes readers inside the jihadist world like never before, showing the daily life of idealistic men set on mass murder, from dodging drones with al-Qaeda leaders in the Arabian desert to training in extremist gyms in Britain and performing supply drops in Kenya. The book also provides a tantalizing look at his dangerous life undercover, as Storm traveled the world for missions targeting its most dangerous terrorists, and into the world's most powerful spy agencies: their tradecraft, rivalries, and late-night carousing, as well as their ruthless use of a beautiful blonde in an ambitious honey trap. Agent Storm is a captivating real-life thriller.
Photography and Flight
Churchill's wizards : the British genius for deception 1914-1945
The second woman
From Michel Foucault's early studies on penitentiaries to analyses of security policies after 9/11, surveillance has become a key notion for understanding power and control in the modern world. Curiously, though, the concept has thus far received limited application within the history of science and technology, with the existing scholarship focusing largely on cases of scientific espionage rather than the practices of scientists. Using the overarching concept of the "surveillance imperative," this collection of essays offers a new window on the evolution of the environmental sciences during and after the Cold War. Collectively, these contributions argue that the surveillance imperative - that is, a conceptual link between the drives to know the enemy and to know the earth - offers a fruitful approach to the recent history of the earth sciences.
Airborne imaging systems
In this grave hour : Maisie Dobbs Series, Book 13
MI6 : the history of the Secret Intelligence Service 1909-1949
Eavesdropping on Hell : historical guide to western communications intelligence and the Holocaust, 1939-1945
Social background of India's administrators : a socio-economic study of the higher civil services of India
Spies and shuttles : NASA's secret relationships with the DOD and CIA / James David
Using the self-organizing map in intelligence process
No place to hide : Edward Snowden, the NSA and the surveillance state
Casey : from the OSS to the CIA
Port mortuary
My adventures as a spy
One dead spy : the life, times and last words of Nathan Hale, America's most famous spy
The shadow factory : the ultra-secret NSA from 9/11 to the eavesdropping on America
The informationist
Brassey's book of espionage
'We ourselves were almost awestruck, not so much at the power of the bomb for this we had expected, but because the Americans had used it with so little notice.' R. V. Jones, head of wartime British scientific intelligence A professor of architecture at Cambridge University, Marcial Echenique, recently became curious when he found wiring concealed under the floorboards of his country mansion, Farm Hall in Godmanchester, Cambridgeshire. The mansion had an astonishing past as an MI6 and M1I9 staging post for some of the most daring secret operations of WWII. But in April, 1945, Farm Hall was to play an even more astounding role, as a 'country club' for ten of Germany's top nuclear physicists after they had been captured in Germany and secretly flown back to England in a daring raid codenamed Operation Big. Every word they uttered was bugged by MI6 eavesdroppers using the wires found by the Professor.
Gideon`s spies: the secret history of the Mossad
Electronic wizards : crows, zappers & weasels
The Scorpio Illusion
Intelligence analysis : how to think in complex environments
On intelligence : spies and secrecy in an open world
Killer Elite : the inside story of America's most secret special operations team
Nathan Hale, the author's historical namesake, was America's first spy, a Revolutionary War hero who famously said "I only regret that I have but one life to lose for my country" before being hanged by the British. In the Nathan Hale's Hazardous Tales series, author Nathan Hale channels his namesake to present history's roughest, toughest, and craziest stories in the graphic novel format / Library of Congress.
Near and distant neighbors : a new history of Soviet intelligence
The American magic : codes, ciphers and the defeat of Japan
Espionage : an encyclopedia of spies and secrets
THE SECOND OLDEST PROFESSION
Intelligence in peace support operations
Handbook of intelligence studies
Cyberspies : the secret history of surveillance, hacking, and digital espionage
This work concerns intelligence analysis of adversaries by six countries, the role of intelligence analysis during the Cold War, and its role in other important regional conflicts after 1945. It seeks to use Cold War and contemporary examples to determine how well intelligence has been analyzed and handled by different intelligence services and policymakers. The book reaches conclusions about past cases in intelligence analysis and how best to analyze intelligence and present it to policymakers today. The book also examines how well policymakers have received and understood intelligence. In sum, the volume analyzes how effective intelligence has been in the policymaking process. It will be a leading text on the analyst/policymaker relationship. The historical cases examined are the Soviet Union's analysis of the United States (and vice versa), East Germany's analysis of West Germany (and vice versa), British intelligence on the early years of the "Troubles" in Northern Ireland, Israeli intelligence on the Palestinians, Pakistani intelligence on India, and US intelligence about Islamist terrorists.
Intelligence analysis : a target-centric approach
Unmanned : drones, data, and the illusion of perfect warfare
Malayan spymaster : memoirs of a rubber planter, bandit fighter, and spy
Agent Storm : my life inside al Qaeda and the CIA
Counter-terrorism : containment and beyond
Hero : the life and legend of Lawrence of Arabia
Unknown soldier
The official CIA manual of trickery and deception
Agent tools : exhibition book of the first spy museum in the world = Muzej špionaža katalog vystavki = Vakoilumuseon näyttelykirja
More 'instructions from the Centre' : top secret files on KGB global operations 1975-1985
The art of intelligence : simulations, exercises, and games
Intelligence and counter-terrorism in a multi-centric world
Treasury's war : the unleashing of a new era of financial warfare
Ultra goes to war : the secret story
Spycatcher : the candid autobiography of a senior intelligence officer
The image of the enemy : intelligence analysis of adversaries since 1945
The deceivers : allied military deception in the Second World War
The effect of Finnish military intelligence information and assessments on World War II decision-making in Finland
France and the Nazi menace : intelligence and policy making, 1933-1939
A divided spy
"Churchill's portrayal of the war the British Empire fought against Japan, as set out in his six-volume memoir entitled The Second World War, was so successful that the boundaries and limitations which he placed on the historical narrative of the war in the Far East are, to some extent, still discernable today. Drawn from extensive archival research, this superbly written and highly engaging work examines Churchill's depiction of the advent of war with Japan; the fall of Hong Kong, Malaya, and Singapore; the series of crises in India between 1942 and 1943; and the Indian Army, and their role in the reconquest of Burma. Concluding with a survey of the length to which Churchill went to protect his narrative, this work highlights how Churchill mythologised wartime Anglo-American relations in his memoirs in order to foster a united post-war 'special relationship'. In brief, this book asks what, if anything, did Churchill hide behind history?"--
Derrick Storm is back - this time with a crack team of ghost CIA operatives. These former agents have all faked their own deaths and now work for the CIA on a strictly secret basis, taking on dangerous and illegal jobs the agency may not officially carry out. They're headed to the Molguzar Mountains to look for sixty billion dollars' worth of gold hidden by the KGB before the collapse of the Soviet Union, and taking a perilous detour to rescue FBI agent April Showers from a sociopathic torturer.
Patriotic betrayal : the inside story of the CIA's secret campaign to enroll American students in the crusade against communism
Surveillance and intelligence law handbook
Weaponizing anthropology : social science in the service of the militarized state
Night school
In the second installment of Vince Flynn's Mitch Rapp series, the United States' premier counter-terrorist expert, CIA agent Mitch Rapp, is pitted against a domestic enemy. After the death of the highly-popular CIA director, a power struggle ensues within the agency. Dr. Irene Kennedy, the new director, is poised for assassination, and Rapp must stop the plot before the CIA plunges into chaos / WorldCat.
The Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act
Aerial photography is marked by its dependency on technological developments in both photography and aerospace, and the authors chart the history of this photography as it tracked the evolution of these technologies. Beginning with early images taken from hot-air balloons, fixed platforms, and subsequent handheld camera technology, Denis Cosgrove and William Fox then explain how military reconnaissance and governmental projects were instrumental in catalyzing these and other innovations in the field. They examine pivotal historical moments in which aerial photography began to establish itself as essential tool, such as in World War II military strategies, high-altitude photography taken from postwar rockets and aircraft, and the use of aerial photography during the cold war and the Cuban Missile Crisis. The book also explores the advancement of geographic scholarship through aerial photography, ranging from military excursions into Antarctica to the images of the curvature of the earth taken during the Apollo space missions.
Our kind of traitor
Scorpia rising : Alex Rider
Command authority
Hide and seek : camouflage, photography, and the media of reconnaissance
Chinese intelligence operations
Blind man's bluff : the untold story of Cold War submarine espionage
The lost army of Cambyses
Intelligence in war : knowledge of the enemy from Napoleon to al-Qaeda
Spook country
Britain, Turkey and the Soviet Union, 1940-45 : strategy, diplomacy and intelligence in the Eastern Mediterranean
SIX : a history of britain's Secret Intelligence Service : Part 1: Murder and Mayhem 1909-1939
Russian intelligence gathering for domestic R&D : short cut or dead end for modernisation?
The ongoing battle for hearts and minds in Iraq and Afghanistan is a military strategy inspired originally by efforts at domestic social control and counter insurgency in the US. Price here documents how anthropological knowledge and methods are harnessed by military and intelligence agencies in post 9/11 America to placate hostile foreign populations. He outlines the ethical implications of appropriating this traditional academic discourse for use by embedded, militarised research teams.
Did intelligence matter in the Cold War?
Encyclopedia of cold war espionage, spies, and secret operations
"A revelatory and pathbreaking account of the highly secretive world of the Soviet intelligence services. A uniquely comprehensive and rich account of the Soviet intelligence services, Jonathan Haslam's Near and Distant Neighbors charts the labyrinthine story of Soviet intelligence from the October Revolution to the end of the Cold War. Previous histories have focused on the KGB, leaving military intelligence and the special service--which specialized in codes and ciphers--lurking in the shadows. Drawing on previously neglected Russian sources, Haslam reveals how both were in fact crucial to the survival of the Soviet state. This was especially true after Stalin's death in 1953, as the Cold War heated up and dedicated Communist agents the regime had relied upon--Klaus Fuchs, the Rosenbergs, Donald Maclean--were betrayed. In the wake of these failures, Khrushchev and his successors discarded ideological recruitment in favor of blackmail and bribery. The tactical turn was so successful that we can draw only one conclusion: the West ultimately triumphed despite, not because of, the espionage war. In bringing to light the obscure inhabitants of an undercover intelligence world, Haslam offers a surprising and unprecedented portrayal of Soviet success that is not only fascinating but also essential to understanding Vladimir Putin's power today"--
The history of espionage   : the clandestine world of surveillance, spying and intelligence from ancient times to the post-9-/11 world
