http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13198 independence (personal)
independence (personal)
Essays on auditor independence
Royal and republican sovereignty in early modern Europe : essays in memory of Ragnhild Hatton
Parliamentary sovereignty in Canada
The anatomy of dependence
Based on Walls' long-standing engagement with the Horn of Africa, this book offers a comprehensive and fine-tuned account of the current political landscape of the Somali regions, with a particular focus on Somaliland. It details the country's transition to the current multi-party democracy, and the formation of a hybrid system based on both consensus and representative decision making processes. Somalilanders' impressive ability to manage crises, often at the last moment, and their careful negotiation of nation-state politics and Somali custom are painstakingly examined, offering a powerful counter-narrative to that of the 'failed state' that tends to dominate the region. Walls' analysis of the successes and challenges that lie ahead resonate beyond Somaliland. This book is an essential read for researchers, policy-makers and practitioners with an interest in governance and politics in the region.
Stockholm - Petrograd - Berlin : International social democracy and Finnish independence
In the 1950s and 1960s, most African countries gained independence from their respective colonial power. Architecture became one of the principal means by which the newly formed countries expressed their national identity. Parliament buildings, central banks, stadiums, convention centers, universities and independence memorials were built, often to heroic and daring designs. At the same time, these buildings exemplify also the difficulties, contradictions and dilemmas these countries experienced in their nation-building process.0This groundbreaking new book investigates for the first time the relationship between architecture and nation building in Ghana, Senegal, Kenya, Côte d&#x92;Ivoire, and Zambia. It features around eighty buildings with brief descriptive texts, images, site plans and selected floor plans and sections. The vast majority of images, commissioned especially for this book, is contributed by Iwan Baan and Alexia Webster. Their photographs document the buildings in their present state. Each country is portrayed in an introductory text and a timeline of historic events. Further essays on post-colonial Africa and specific aspects and topics, also illustrated with images and documents, round out this outstanding book
Great Books of the Western World. 43, American state papers : the federalist
Simón Bolívar : history and myth
They'll never walk alone? : the multiple settings of children's active transportation and independent mobility
Association between physical performance and sense of autonomy in outdoor activities and life-space mobility in community-dwelling older people
Dispatches from the Balkan War and other writings
Sweden, the United Nations, and decolonization : A study of Swedish participation in the fourth committee of the general assembly 1946-69
Work autonomy and technology in small firms
Historians as nation state-builders : the formation of Lithuanian University 1904-1922
Dirty Rowdy Thing
Independent Finland between east and west
The Declaration of Independence : origins and impact
Sweden, the United Nations and decolonization : a study of Swedish participation in the Fourth Committee of the General Assembly, 1946-69
The shaping of Finland's political independence and its historical background
The independence of the European Commission in the legislative process of the Communities
Scottish independence and the idea of Britain : from the Picts to Alexander III
The French navy and American independence : a study of arms and diplomacy 1774-1787
The case of Kurdistan against Turkey: 2nd pr
Finnish Independence Day in the United States
The Arc : a formal structure for a Palestinian state
Our Declaration : a reading of the Declaration of Independence in defense of equality
Brilliant retirement : your practical guide to a happy, helthy, financially sound retirement
The flamboyant : a novel
Old societies and new states : the quest for modernity in Asia and Africa
The church and the Namibian quest for independance : "one in the body of Christ - together a free people"
Despite their rowdy hookups, Harlow and Finn don't even like each other...which would explain why their marriage lasted only twelve hours. He needs to be in charge and takes whatever he wants. She lives by the Want-something-done? Do-it-yourself mantra. Maybe she's too similar to the rugged fisherman-or just what he needs.
Finland in the world of today
The Baltic path to independence : an international reader of selected articles
India's struggle quarter of a century, 1921-46. Part 1-2
The Declaration of independence : a study in the history of political ideas
One in six people worldwide will experience depression over the course of a lifetime. Many who seek relief through the healthcare system are treated with antidepressant medication; in the United States, nearly 170 million prescriptions for antidepressants were written in 2005, resulting in more than #12 billion in sales. And yet despite the dominance of antidepressants in the marketplace and the consulting room, another treatment for depression has proven equally effective: psychotherapy--in particular, cognitive behavior therapy (CBT). Antidepressants can lift mood independent of a person's understanding of symptoms or stressors. By contrast, CBT teaches patients skills for dealing with distressing feelings, negative thoughts, and causal stressors. In The Ethical Treatment of Depression, Paul Biegler argues that the insights patients gain from the therapeutic process promote autonomy. He shows that depression is a disorder in which autonomy is routinely and extensively undermined and that physicians have a moral obligation to promote the autonomy of depressed patients. He concludes that medical practitioners have an ethical imperative to prescribe psychotherapy--CBT in particular--for depression. To make his case, Biegler draws on a wide philosophical literature relevant to autonomy and the emotions and makes a comprehensive survey of the latest research findings from the psychological sciences.
One
Ten things we shouldn't have done
The Ju/'hoan San of Nyae Nyae and Namibian independence : development, democracy, and indigenous voices in Southern Africa
The status of Hutt River Province (Western Australia) : a case study in international law
Finland's independence and its recognition
Greece : the modern sequel : from 1821 to the present
Book reviews & review articles
Generation Palestine : voices from the boycott, divestment and sanctions movement
The dream of the Celt
The royalist revolution : monarchy and the American founding
Social preconditions of national revival in Europe : a comparative analysis of the social composition of patriotic groups among the smaller European nations
Unstated : writers on Scottish independence
Disability and gender : autonomy as an indication of adulthood
Levels of autonomy and responsiblities of teachers in Europe
Kent bicentennial portfolio : spirit of independence
Self-determination : towards a broader concept?
Grasping the peripheral state : a historical sociology of Nicaraguan state formation
Independence and after
How "we" moves through the world
Pakistan : fifty years of nationhood
Finland as a successor-state
Looking toward Ararat : Armenia in modern history
African modernism : the architecture of independence ; Ghana, Senegal, Côte d'Ivoire, Kenya, Zambia
Catholic identity and the revolt of the Netherlands, 1520-1635
Baltic independence and Russian empire
National liberation movements in office : forging democracy with African adjectives in Namibia
Burden of dreams : history and identity in post-Soviet Ukraine
The law and politics of the Kosovo advisory opinion
The winning of Finnish independence as an issue in international politics
Great issues in American history : a documentary record. 1, 1765-1865
Independent and sovereign Finland
Ideas and politics of Chilean independence 1808-1833
Lillian on life
The siege of Venice
The United Nations and the independence of Eritrea
The declaration of independence
De-constructing Post-Cold war Romania : a study in security, identity and interests
Keeping the lid on the secession kettle : "emergence into any other political status" as a mode of self-determination and as a frame for sub-state arrangements
Brave parenting : a Buddhist-inspired guide to raising emotionally resilient children
Arguing for independence : evidence, risk and the wicked issues
Fostering independence, participation, and healthy aging through technology : workshop summary
Foreign aid and state sovereignty : the Ethio-Swedish aid co-operation
This paper analyses the notion of self-determination and secession by adopting acomparative perspective on two case studies, namely Somaliland and South Sudan. Somaliland declared its independence in 1991 following the collapse of the Somali state. Since then, Somaliland has been making relentless efforts to secure recognition from the international community. South Sudan successfully negotiated the right to exerciseself-determination, a right that was formalised in the Comprehensive Peace Agreement (CPA) signed between the ruling National Congress Party (NCP) and the Sudan People's Liberation Movement (SPLM). The people of South Sudan held a referendum and voted overwhelmingly for secession, with formal independence being achieved on 9 July 2011. International law may better qualify Somaliland for statehood than South Sudan for three reasons: (i) it was created by colonialism, (ii) it has already been recognised, albeit only for a few days, as an independent state in 1960, and (iii) it has proven to be stable, functional and relatively democratic. Yet Somaliland has failed to achieve international recognition. This paper interrogates this discrepancy. It concludes that the existence of a partner ready to accept the right of self-determination, and geostrategic concerns about security as well a seconomic and political interests, determine international recognition.
Limits to liberation in Southern Africa : the unfinished business of democratic consolidation
Newcomers and more experienced feminist theorists will welcome this even-handed survey of the care/justice debate within feminist ethics. Grace Clement clarifies the key terms, examines the arguments and assumptions of all sides to the debate, and explores the broader implications for both practical and applied ethics. Readers will appreciate her generous treatment of the feminine, feminist, and justice-based perspectives that have dominated the debate.Clement also goes well beyond description and criticism, advancing the discussion through the incorporation of a broad range of insights into a new integration of the values of care and justice.Care, Autonomy, and Justice marks a major step forward in our understanding of feminist ethics. It is both direct and helpful enough to work as an introduction for students and insightful and original enough to make it necessary reading for scholars.
A Somali nation-state : history, culture and Somaliland's political transition
Kuidas sündis Eesti iseseisvuse manifest : Estoniaś declaration of independence in 1918
Re-examining sovereignty : from classical theory to the global age
Cultic projections of the socialist Hungary : solemnity, humor and irony in the liberation exhibitions
Commemorating two political anniversaries in cold war Finland : independence and the beginning of the winter war
Like a mule bringing ice cream to the sun
University independence : the main questions
Finland's progress as an independent state
Judith Pollmann uses the diaries and memoirs of sixteenth-century Catholics to explore how they understood and experienced the religious civil war that ripped the sixteenth-century Netherlands apart.
Darfur : the ambiguous genocide
The principle of self-determination : a study of its historical and contemporary legal evolution
We demand freedom for Estonia : Memoranda Presented to the Delegations at the Paris Conference, 1946.
People, nation and state : the meaning of ethnicity and nationalism
The American Revolution
Freedom in entangled worlds : West Papua and the architecture of global power
From SSMR to the Republic of Moldova ± pmr
Finland 1917-1967; an assessment of independence
Rhodesia and independence : a study in British colonial policy
Namibia, the broken shield : anatomy of imperialism and revolution
Care, autonomy and justice : feminism and the ethic of care
Ageing, independence and the life course
The declaration of independence : and what it means today
The ethical treatment of depression : autonomy through psychotherapy
Self-determination and secessionism in Somaliland and South Sudan : challenges to postcolonial state-building
Towards the self-regulative university
African states and rulers : an encyclopedia of native, colonial and independent states and rulers past and present
The Eritrean struggle for independence : domination, resistance, nationalism, 1941-1993
Eesti tee vabadusele = Estonia's way to freedom
Spinster : making a life of one's own
My Nigeria : five decades of independence
The doctrine of national self-determination : a study of of the theory and practice of plebiscites : with a collection of official documents
The universal declaration of human rights and its predecessors (1679-1948)
[Summary: Historical abstracts (Santa Barbara, Cal.) 10 (1964) s. 219].
Harmonizing sentiments : the Declaration of Independence and the Jeffersonian idea of self- government
The independence of Romania
"A dream of liberty" : Constance Markievicz's vision of Ireland, 1908-1927
A survey of Finland's history and The achievement of Finland's independence by U. S. Koistinen
Problems & possibilities : sovereignty & the Palestinian struggle for statehood
Finlands progress as an independent state
The foreign policy of independent Finland
Learning disabilities : towards inclusion
The independence of Romania : selected bibliography
Disability, personal autonomy and the subject : a dilemma in special needs education?
The Central Asian states : discovering independence
Road to revolution!
Croatia through history : the making of a European state
Finland ̕ s war of independence, 1918
The Baltic States : the national self-determination of Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania
Without men
Freedom at midnight
Michael Collins : a life
Towards an independent university : a view of the urgent need for establishing an institution of higher education free from government control. H. S. Ferns
NATIONAL INDEPENDENCE
Autonomy, oppression, and gender
Beyond pandemonium : from the New Hebrides to Vanuatu
State of the state in post-communist Latvia : state capacity and government effectiveness in a newly independent country. Ole Nørgaard, Ilze Ostrovska and Ole Hersted Hansen
A panel of experts for Chechnya : purposes and prospects in light of international law
Stockholm-Petrograd-Berlin : international social democracy and Finnish independence, 1917
Summary: Historical abstracts (Santa Barbara, Cal.) 25 B 1979 s. 332.
Women entrepreneurs only : 12 women entrepreneurs tell the stories of their success
The right to self-determination in the South Caucasus : Nagorno Karabakh in context
Bannockburns : Scottish independence and literary imagination, 1314-2014
Reintegration as recognition : ex-combatant and veteran politics in Namibia
Restoration of the independence of the Republic of Estonia : selection of legal acts (1988-1991)
The whole municipality working together for older people : perspectives on the development of elderly people's independent living, care and services
