http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13163 Australians
Australians
A grammar of Yidin
Almost French : a new life in Paris
Australian aboriginal grammar
Rewriting history : Peter Carey's fictional biography of Australia
Heroes of World War I
Language and culture contact and attitudes among first generation Australian Finns
Australian sign language (Auslan) : an introduction to Sign language linguistics
The mountain shadow
The Xenophobe's guide to the Aussies
Cross-linguistic perspectives in sign language research : selected papers from TISLR 2000
Erämaan rotat : The Desert Rats : the story of Tobruk
Is it possible to identify sign languages by their prosody, that is, the rhythm and stress of their meaning, then determine if they are related to each other or other sign languages? If so, reasoned authors Donna Jo Napoli, Mark Mai, and Nicholas Gaw, perhaps they could offer such identification as a new way to typologize, or categorize sign languages by their structural features. Their new collaboration Primary Movement in Sign Languages: A Study of Six Languages traces the process and findings from this unique investigation. Resolving on the direction of movement as the prosodic factor to track, they began their research by comparing five sign languages: American Sign Language (ASL), British Sign Language (BSL), Italian Sign Language (LIS), French Sign Language (LSF), and Australian Sign Language (Auslan). They soon discovered that the languages in their study clustered with respect to several characteristics along genetic lines, with BSL and Auslan contrasting with LSF, LIS, and ASL. They learned that sign languages with the same geographic origin evolved differently when relocated, and they isolated differences in each individual sign language. They compared these established sign languages with the newly emerging Nicaraguan Sign Language (NSL), with the exception of ASL due to their past close contact, thereby validating their work as the first study to identify sign language relationships without depending on grammar.
The Dingo Dilemma : a Kylie Kendall mystery
Young and free : [post]colonial ontologies of childhood, memory, and history in Australia
The daughters of Mars
When three college besties meet three hot guys in Vegas, anything could--and does--happen. Lola and Oliver like to congratulate themselves on having the good sense not to consummate their drunken Las Vegas marriage. In reality, Lola's wanted Oliver since day one-- falling hard for his sexy Aussie accent and easygoing ability to take her as she comes. And Oliver can't get his mind off what he didn't do with Lola when he had the chance. He knows what he wants with her now.... When Lola's graphic novel starts getting national acclaim Oliver discovers that sometimes a dark wild night in Vegas isn't just the end of a day, but the beginning of a bright new life....
When cultures collide : managing successfully across cultures
What are the unique characteristics of sign languages that make them so fascinating? What have recent researchers discovered about them, and what do these findings tell us about human language more generally? This thematic and geographic overview examines more than forty sign languages from around the world. It begins by investigating how sign languages have survived and been transmitted for generations, and then goes on to analyse the common characteristics shared by most sign languages: for example, how the use of the visual system affects grammatical structures. The final section describes the phenomena of language variation and change. Drawing on a wide range of examples, the book explores sign languages both old and young, from British, Italian, Asian and American to Israeli, Al-Sayyid Bedouin, African and Nicaraguan.
The transit of Venus
Primary movement in sign languages : a study of six languages
Dreams of speaking
Multilingualism and Sign Languages : From the Great Plains to Australia
Australia's forgotten prisoners : civilians interned by the Japanese in World War Two
"This ground-breaking work, originally published 15 years ago, continues to serve as the primary reference on the theories of omission potential and translational contact in sign language interpreting. In the book, noted scholar Jemina Napier explores the linguistic coping strategies of interpreters by drawing on her own study of the interpretation of a university lecture from English into Australian Sign Language (Auslan). A new preface by the author provides perspective on the importance of the work and how it fits within the scholarship of interpretation studies. The concept of strategic omissions is explored here as a tool that is consciously used by interpreters as a coping strategy. Instead of being a mistake, omitting part of the source language can actually be part of an active decision-making process that allows the interpreter to convey the correct meaning when faced with challenges. For the first time, Napier found that omission potential existed within every interpretation and, furthermore, she proposed a new taxonomy of five different conscious and unconscious omission types. Her findings also indicate that Auslan/English interpreters use both a free and literal interpretation approach, but that those who use a free approach occasionally switch to a literal approach as a linguistic coping strategy to provide access to English terminology. Both coping strategies help negotiate the demands of interpretation, whether it be lack of subject-matter expertise, dealing with dense material, or the context of the situation. Napier also analyzes the interpreters’ reflections on their decision-making processes as well as the university students’ perceptions and preferences of their interpreters’ linguistic choices and styles. Linguistic Coping Strategies in Sign Language Interpreting is a foundational text in interpretation studies that can be applied to interpreting in different contexts and to interpreter training."
Teaching and learning signed languages : international perspectives and practices
Lexical and structural etymology : beyond word histories
Diary of a bad year
More vibes in India : westerners in search of a better life in Varanasi
In the despair of a Japanese POW camp on the Burma Death Railway, surgeon Dorrigo Evans is haunted by his affair with his uncle's young wife two years earlier. Struggling to save the men under his command from starvation, from cholera, from pitiless beatings, he receives a letter that will change his life forever.
The art of coarse rugby
Linguistic coping strategies in sign language interpreting
All the birds, singing
Warlpiri dreamings and histories = Yimikirli
The narrow road to the deep north
The narrow road to the deep North
The stranger house : [a novel]
War memory and the making of modern Malaysia and Singapore
The Dyirbal language of North Queensland
Ned Kelly
Sign language interpreting : linguistic coping strategies
The voyage
History at the crossroads : Australians and the past
The dative and related phenomena
The Oxford book of Australian essays
Languages of Australia and Tasmania
Travel & tourism in Australia : the economic perspective
Down Under
Culture shock! : a survival guide to customs and etiquette : Australia
Making soapies in Kabul : hot days, crazy nights and dangerous liaisons in a war zone
The world in my diary : from Melbourne to Helsinki for the Olympic Games
More than a life : John Meredith and the fight for Australian tradition
Prosthetic gods : travel, representation, and colonial governance
Case-marking in contact : the development and function of case morphology in Gurindji Kriol
At the reception, on March 23, 1988 at the Intercontinental hotel, Sydney
Unnatural habits : Miss Fisher's murder mysteries
This pioneer volume assembles thirteen etymological studies covering a broad range of languages, focusing in particular Australian Indigenous languages. Etymology is understood in a broad sense as a type of historical research that aims at investigating the origin of a word (lexical etymology) or structure (structural etymology). The phenomena investigated in the contributions comprise Australian Indigenous place names and kinship terms, constructions and word histories in Oceanic languages, typological investigations and papers on the methodology of etymological research.
