http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13271 police departments
police departments
The mind's eye : an Inspector Van Veeteren mystery
What does the world spend on criminal justice?
The story of Scotland Yard : a history of the C.I.D from the earliest times to the present day
Thud!
The Russian administration : a study of Russian authorities encountering international road freight transport
The gallow's bird
Policing interwar Europe : continuity, change, and crisis, 1918-40
Scotland Yard : a personal inquiry
Our enemies in blue : police and power in America
The Federal Bureau of Investigation
Cat Among the Pigeons
Killer's payoff
Killer's choice
The return : an Inspector Van Veeteren mystery
Wolves and angels : a detective Koskinen mystery
Fiddlers : an 87th Precinct novel
Trust in the law : encouraging public cooperation with the police and courts
Justice and home affairs in the EU : liberty and security issues after enlargement
The other typist
The German lesson
The chalk circle man
Criminal justice systems in Europe and North America : Israel
Crime and criminal justice in Europe and North America 1990-1994
The official encyclopedia of Scotland Yard
Imitation and innovation : the trasfer of western organizational patterns to Meiji Japan
"China's human rights lawyers are important: as legal advocates for victims of injustice ; as proponents of legal and political change in China ; as part of the global and international struggle for human rights ; and as persecuted individuals. Based on years of fieldwork research and hundreds of anonymised conversations with several dozen human rights or, for short, 'rights lawyers' (weiquan lüshi), this book provides a portrait of this extraordinary group of people. This book offers a unique and invaluable insight into contemporary Chinese law and politics, reflecting on the significance of the idea of rights in Chinese society and understanding how and why rights lawyers play the role they do. It answers questions such as: how do rights lawyers operate? What, if any, is rights lawyers' impact on legal practice? How do they interact with their bureaucratic, professional, and social environments? How and why do they resist repression? What is their significance for political developments in China in the longer term? Its chapters discuss how some Chinese lawyers become 'rights lawyers', and examines how bureaucratic systems of control operate to subdue and marginalise human rights lawyers as well as how such lawyers challenge the system. The lawyers' experiences of repression at the hands of the police and state security apparatus are analysed in detail along with the intellectual, political and moral resources they draw on. The book thus sets out what human rights lawyers in China are and what they stand for ; an account that captures their experience at the hands of the legal-political system and by doing so, reflects on what that system is like. The audience for this book includes students and scholars of law, Chinese studies, political studies, international relations, and sociology and it is also addressed to people working in the fields of human rights advocacy, law, politics, international relations, and journalism
Dancing with the virgins
Snitch : informants, cooperators, and the corruption of justice
In the Godfather Garden : the long life and times of Richie "the Boot" Boiardo
The drowning
Cat among the Pigeons
Prohibition gangsters : the rise and fall of a bad generation
Law & order. Season 1
A Day at the Police Station
Information on the criminal justice system in England and Wales
China's human rights lawyers and contemporary Chinese law : advocacy and resistance
Money money money : a novel of the 87th precinct
The stranger
The making of a detective
Blind to the bones
Last call : the rise and fall of Prohibition
In the cold dark ground
Forensic and criminal psychology
Moxyland
Past, present and futures : policing in Central and Eastern Europe
