http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13225 market areas
market areas
Financial stability
Law Company ERP Software Market Analysis of St. Petersburg and Stockholm - CASE: CSI Helsinki Oy
Assessing a prospective landfill  gas to energy project in Agadir, Morocco
Biogas in Vietnam : a proposed business model in biogas sector
Market survey for environmental technology : case: Ekomuovi Oy
South Africa as a market for Finnish companies
Dynamic linkages between EU bond markets
Exporting Long Drink to Vietnam :
case: A Finnish Brewery
Distribution channel selection in pharmaceutical industry
A marketing analysis of household appliances market in Finland : a case study for the Haier Group
The Chinese mobile game market
The death of money : the coming collapse of the international monetary system
Potentials of Chinese Cosmetic market
One country, many housing markets
Entering the Swedish market via reseller channel : case M-files
International market selection in Finnish industrial multinational enterprises
Market opportunities in emerging markets : case study: Rideascout's innovative vehicle and Vietnamese market
Potentials of Chinese cosmetic market
This book compares the US polity and economy in the nineteenth century with the struggles of contemporary post-war European Integration to create a single market, address barriers to trade, and deal with sharply contested political, geographic, social and sectoral interests.This timely book provides in-depth analytical comparison of the nineteenth century evolution of the American single market with corresponding political, economic, and social developments in post-WWII European efforts to create a single European market. Building the regulatory framework needed for successful adoption of an integrated single market across diverse political units represents one of the most important issues in comparative political economy. What accounts for the political success or failure in creating integrated markets in their respective territories? When social discontent threatens market integration with populist backlash, what must be done to create political support and greater legitimacy? Single Markets focuses on the creation of integrated economies, in which the United States and European Union experienced sharply contested ideas about the operation of their respective markets, conflict over the allocation of institutional authority, and pressure from competing political, economic, and social forces over the role and consequences of increased competition. Drawing upon four case studies, the book highlights the contestation surrounding the US and EUs efforts to create common currencies, expand their borders and territories, and deal with the pressures of populist parties, regional interests and varied fiscal and economic challenges. Theoretically, the book draws on work in European integration and American Political Development (APD) to illustrate that the consolidation of markets in the US and EU took place in conjunction with the expansion of state regulatory power and pressure for democratic reform...
Labour migration and wages
Nokia mobile phone marketing in China
Study of Chinese plywood industry an opportunity for technology tranfer in Eastern provinces
The undercover economist
China 2.0 : the transformation of an emerging superpower ... and the new opportunities
Rural-urban marketing linkages : an infrastructure identification and survey guide
Export now : five keys to entering new markets
Untapped : creating value in underserved markets
Essays on current account imbalances
Catalysts for change : concepts and principles for enabling innovation
Supplying small solar photovoltaic systems to Hanoi, Vietnam
Electricity shortage problems and prospect of wind turbines as an alternative energy solution in Karachi industrial areas
Marketing for hospitality and tourism
Decision-making process of internationalization : Canadian water heater markets
The business environment
Propagation of financial shocks : empirical studies of financial spillovers
Market Analysis of Environmentally Friendly Celulose Insulation Material in the Construction Business in Srinagar, India
Integration cycles in the Eurozone stock markets
Essentials of marketing
Single Markets situates the consolidation of single markets in the US and EU in a broader comparative context that draws on research in economics, public administration, political science, law, and history.
Journal of market-focused management
Russia's market oportunities for Finnish environmental technology : ca
ICT cluster study Helsinki region
Choosing target markets for innovative new technology  : Case: Biogas Company
Abstract :.
Essays on credit contagion and shocks in banking
Aim of this thesis is to analyze the operating environment of the case company. This thesis will provide techniques to competitor analysis as well as presenting a framework to measure the competitive forces influencing company's competitive environment. This thesis will also consider the company's external environment by using PEST-analysis as a framework. Techniques to analyze company's internal environment by SWOT-analysis will also be presented.  The case company, ICT Center Salo Oy, is a concentration of ICT-industry corporations in the city of Salo, in industrial area of Meriniitty right next to the city center. ICT Center Salo Oy is a limited liability company (Ltd.) founded on 10.12.2009 whose branch of business is a real estates rental and management.  It provides production premises and offices in different sizes as well as conference rooms for companies to rent.  The operating environment in Salo has changed dramatically since the foundation year of 2009 and the situation in the city can be described as poor at the moment. Salo is declared as an area of sudden structural change and this thesis studies what kind of threats and opportunities this structural change provides to the operations of one single case company within the area. Changes in the operating environment were analyzed by using PEST-analysis. As prospects for future are uncertain company's operations were compared to its competitors' operations in order to find out whether ICT Center Salo Oy has the resources to remain competitive in the future.  The result of the analysis reveals that ICT Center Salo Oy has all the required resources that are needed for success in the future but it should increase its advertising in order to attract new customers.
Ukraine as a market area for Finnish construction companies
Strategic market approach for entering the Indian solar water pump market : plan the marketing strategy for solar off-grid applications
This study introduces the important factors of market research and its significancewhen aiming at new foreign markets. Understanding the cultural differences, the consumers and the market itself with the competitors' actions among other factors, the organization has a better chance to succeed in entering new markets. The case company is a Belgian food industry company which is interested in the Finnish market environment with its consumers and competitors. Currently they are operating in Central European countries with a little market share. An interview was  conducted in order to better understand their current situation and expectations on new markets. The company's products are sold in specialty stores and in bigger hypermarkets due to their higher image which they would like to obtain in Finland. As a small country Finland can not offer big markets but this is no obstacle for the case company since they are not looking to challenge the market leader or even the followers. Instead they are looking for a small market share as in other countries that  they already operate in. By using selective distribution focused on the biggest city areas the product availability is guaranteed to the majority of the Finnish population. The thesis emphasizes the different business chains - the different types of stores and their product variety as well as competitors and their product pricing. Among this, the importance of product visibility will be shown as the case company wishes to enter the markets with as little marketing as possible. Regulations on labelling are studied as well as there are little differences from organizations' home markets. The study also introduces a Finnish importing company that could possibly cooperate with the customer when aiming at the Finnish markets.
Product concept analysis for guidance monitoring limited
Green building business: target country: India
This thesis deals with the software company's business expansion via reseller channel. The case company is a Finnish software company M-files Oy. Part of the company's core strategy is a strong international growth via reseller channel. M-Files has already resellers in 50 countries and over 2,000 paying customers in 100 countries. Aim of this study is to explore the Swedish software market, as well as possibly find partners in the target country. In addition, the company can use the results of the work when it searches for new international partners from different countries. The research work is a single case study and is divided into theoretical part and an empirical part. The theoretical part presents the software company's business expansion and internationalization via reseller channel. The data were collected using a different literature, articles and internet. The empirical part presents results and conclusions.The study was conducted using a qualitative research method by interviewing Swedish ICT organizations and M-Files staff. The interviews were semi-structured interviews, which were designed to collect comprehensive information on the existing software market in Sweden. The research findings reveal that the Swedish software market is very similar to the Finnish software market. The Swedish market is highly competitive and it consists of global software development companies and small, innovative niche-oriented companies. Software market in Sweden is centralized in southern Sweden. Swedish companies and customers are willing to use new technologies and solutions if they can see that solutions can give real benefits and competitive advantage. This opens up opportunities for new products and services in the Swedish software market. The market is changing in such a way that the information value of the business is valued more than technical solutions.^The study identified a number of characteristics and issues that should take into account when a software company expands business to the Swedish software market. Software companies can also apply methods used in the research when they are analyzing new market areas or business opportunities in a new country.
Internationalization plan for Leon Chouinard & Sons
Market research and import plan : case Clearbags
Internationalization to Russia for Finnish companies: a contextual perspective
Market analysis and business opportunity evaluation of entering Chinese medical waste treatment industry
Russia : all 89 regions : trade and investment guide 2004.
Airlines of the Jet Age : a history
The improvement of Kiilto's operations in the Moscow area
Medical solid waste and wastewater treatment business in Vietnam : Market analysis and developing a competitive marketing strategy for selling medical solid waste and wastewater treatment equipment
Global diffusion of innovations in telecommunications : effects of data aggregation and market environment
The Brazilian market for forestry machinery : case: Ponsse Latin America Ltda
Specific features of the pharmaceutical market in China
Market Research and Market Entry Challenges of Finnish Companies in Turkey : A comparison of technology-centric and product-centric approaches
Market entry strategy of Chinese flow sensor market : case study: the market entry research project for S.K.I. GmbH (Germany)
Single markets : economic integration in Europe and the United States
Foreign operation modes of Finnish enterprises in Latin America
International competitive environment analysis of a product in the food market
Entering and developing business within the Chinese market : a Finnish case study perspective
A feasibility study of market expansion for company X
Russian industry : institutional development. Issue 1, Analytical Survey
Market entry and business starting strategies in water supply and wastewater treatment business in China's market
Integrated marketing communication plan for penetrating the U.S market : cloud computing -  case: Senso Oy
Market research for new product development : case Emfit Ltd
Internationalization pathways of family SMEs
Market research in the Finnish food industry
Turkish clothing industry as a business environment : case: Salpomec Ltd
How to write a marketing plan
How to enhancepre-acquisition strategies in Vietnam
Marketing strategy for retailing small-scale wind energy turbines in Indian markets
Market enty mode for solar and wind energy based on market analysis for prospective Finnish companies : target srea: Rawalpindi and Islamabad, Pakistan
Site Selection in Vietnam : Case; Yritys A
Market research of window units and doors industry in Russia
Abercrombie & Fitch : to enter a new market or not?
Internationalization of a bioenergy company : an introductory entry for Chinese market
Entering new markets : case: Sento Oy Högfors
Market analysis of Southern China : Why Finnair failed in Guangzhou and what should be learned
Russia as a market area for Finnish design furniture : case Artek
The Chinese Mobile Game Market
Abstract: Product demand in new market : Case Pelloplast Spain.
Service value chain in AAVA Camp business model : case study AAVA Camp Finland
Regional divergence is a strong feature of the Finnish housing market and household debt. House prices are higher in growth centres than in the rest of the country, and households in growth centres also have more housing debt both in absolute terms and relative to their income. In the long term, the mutually reinforcing cycles and vulnerabilities in housing and credit markets could turn out to be detrimental to financial stability and the macroeconomy..
The marketing strategies of the confectionery industry in Europe : case: Productos Damel S.L
Industy, space and competition : the contribution of economists of the past
This thesis was done in co-operation with Kurki Decoration Oy, a framing company in Turku, interested in widening their product selection with an American packaging product, ClearBags. The purpose of this thesis is to discover whether or not there is a market for ClearBags in the Turku region and to calculate the most cost efficient method of transporting the products from the United States to Finland. Research was conducted by organizing a market research in which the ClearBags products were introduced to different companies around Turku who were then interviewed. The logistics part of the study began after deciding what product sizes would be best to import. Three different product quotations were calculated along with 14 possible transportation routes. The research shows that there is an interest in ClearBags products in the area of Turku. However the market segment is small in size and it is uncertain if it will be able to provide high volume in purchases. The most cost efficient method of product transportation per unit was concluded to be sea transportation in the second order. The most cost efficient method of air transportation was UPS for the second order as well. In conclusion, importing ClearBags to Finland should begin with caution and rational unit amounts, despite the higher unit costs. This is because of the uncertainty of needed product volume. Once the correct target market has been reached we suggest negotiating a better deal with ClearBags, as the unit prices do not further decrease when purchasing larger amounts.
China and Lu'an as a business environment for Finnish small and medium sized enterprises : case: The Switch
Euro zone sovereign debt crisis : empirical study on the dynamics of credit default swaps and bond prices
"Industrial Organization: Markets and Strategies provides an up-to-date account of modern industrial organization that blends theory with real-world applications. Written in a clear and accessible style, it acquaints the reader with the most important models for understanding strategies chosen by firms with market power and shows how such firms adapt to different market environments. It covers a wide range of topics including recent developments on product bundling, branding strategies, restrictions in vertical supply relationships, intellectual property protection, and two-sided markets, to name just a few. Models are presented in detail and the main results are summarized as lessons. Formal theory is complemented throughout by real-world cases that show students how it applies to actual organizational settings. The book is accompanied by a website containing a number of additional resources for lecturers and students, including exercises, answers to review questions, case material and slides"--Provided by publisher.
Unlocking Japan's market : seizing marketing and distribution opportunities in today's Japan
Market analysis : case: ICT Center Salo Oy
The undercover economist strikes back : how to run - or ruin - an economy
Internationalisation of Finnish SMEs to developing markets
Wind power supply to Phu Quoc island district, Kien Giang province, Vietnam
Structural reforms and stabilization policies in the euro area
Outbound tourism of Scandinavia : market profile
Evaluation of Franchising Business Model to Solar Energy Market in Vietnam
Evaluation of opportunities in large scale e-waste processing facility investement in China
Product demand in new market : Case Pelloplast Spain
Sweden as a market opportunity : the case of Watt Specialist
Northern ToSIA - Marketing materials from case studies
Multicultural marketing : selling to the new America : position your company today for optimal success in the diverse America of tomorrow
East-to-West migration and labour market integration in the Baltic Sea region - history, current trends and potential
Lamella parquet and massive floor plank business in Finland : case: BBT-Group
Industrial organization : markets and strategies
Developing the international operations of Airfil Oy : investigation of German filtration markets
Market entry strategy planning : case: MammuttiHirsi in Russia
