http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13235 contemporary folk art
contemporary folk art
Village of painters : narrative scrolls from West Bengal
Outsider art : spontaneous alternatives
La Biennale di Venezia : 51. international art exhibition. The experience of art
Looks at the work produced outside the mainstream of modern western art by self-taught untrained visionaries, spiritualists, eccentric recluses, folk artists, psychiatric patients, criminals and others beyond the imposed margins of society and the art market.
Art now : the new directory to 136 international contemporary artists. Vol 2
Monika's story : a personal history of the Musgrave Kinley Outsider Collection
La Biennale di Venezia : 50th international art exhibition : dreams and conflicts - the dictatorship of  the viewer
Changing the system? : artists talk about their practice : a discussion event in Rotterdam, April 1999
In the shadow of the sun : perspectives on contemporary native art
Art and aesthetics. 3, The social organization of art and aesthetics
Ethnic and tourist arts : cultural expressions from the Fourth World
What does ITE express?
Studio-based artistic research and doctoral degrees for artists are now important aspects of contemporary art and art education. Artists as Researchers presents a selection of essays that address various approaches to research in contemporary art. It contains contributions from more than twenty international artists, art teachers, curators, historians and critics, all of whom participated in the 2010-2012 EU project Changing Identities and Contexts in the Arts.
Afrikan voima : kolme näkökulmaa = Afrikas kraft: tre perspektiv = The Power of Africa: three perspectives
African art
Finnish contemporary folk art - ITE
Shamanism in performing arts
The other art - and the first
This book highlights the significance of contemporary Southeast Asian art and artists, and their place in the globalized art world and the internationalizing field of ‘contemporary art’. In the light of the region’s modern art history, the book surveys this relatively under-examined area of contemporary art which first found broad international recognition in the 1990s. Traced here are significant exhibitions that featured contemporary Southeast Asian art and brought it to regional and international attention. Examined are seminal foundational art histories, and dominant methods and thematic frameworks for engaging with Southeast Asian art. Key artists, exhibitions, collections, scholarship, ideologies, and discourses shaping its developing history are discussed, as are major works by artists associated with Indonesia, Malaysia, the Philippines, and Singapore. Far from being peripheral, Southeast Asian art has helped create the very conditions of international contemporary art, compelling us to examine the Euro-American biases of art history. The book stresses local creative contexts and cultural histories of the rich modern and contemporary art of the region and its diaspora, revealing its plurality and diversity. The concept ‘Southeast Asia’ is treated as a crucial entry-point for examining art and artists associated with this unique region and for extending debate on the local/global constitution of contemporary art.
Afrikan tähdet : Hämeenlinnan Taidemuseo, 20.5. - 11.9.2011 = Stars of Africa : Hämeenlinna Art Museum, 20.5. - 11.9.2011
Dear Painter, paint me... : painting the figure since late Picabia
Equal rights to creativity : a celebration of outsider art : Mexico Gallery, London, May-June 2004 / [essays by Roger Cardinal and Colin Rhodes]
The centrifugal book of Europe
The sea woman : Sedna in Inuit shamanism and art in the eastern Arctic
Contemporary Sami art and design
Art now : 81 artists at the rise of the new millennium = 81 Kü̈nstler zu Beginn des 21. Jahrhunderts = 81 artistes au commencement du 21éme siécle
Art brut : the origins of outsider art
The king of the forest
Vitamin P : new perspectives in painting
Meaning-making in visual culture : the case of integrating Ganda indigenous knowledge with contemporary art practice in Uganda
ITE : art in Finland
Shapeshifting : transformations in Native American art
La Biennale di Venezia : 53rd international art exhibition: making worlds = fare mondi. Vol. 2, participating countries, collateral events
Self-made life, humour and imagination
La Biennale di Venezia : 51. international art exhibition. Always a little further
Art & today
NeoHooDoo : art for forgotten faith : [Menil Collection, Houston, June 27 - September 21, 2008 : P.S.1 Contemporary Art Center, New York, October 19, 2008 - January 26, 2009 : Miami Art Museum, February 20 - May 24, 2009] / edited by Franklin Sirmans ; with contributions by Jen Budney... [et al.]
Kamera skura : výzkum v oblasti umění = development of art
Fából vaskarika - nem-mindennapi kreativitás : finn-magyar nemzetközi müvészeti kiállítás : [Zichy Kastély, Budapest, III. kerlet, Óbuda, Fö tér 1., 2004. május 28 - szeptember 5] = Outsider art - everyday creativity : Finnish-Hungarian international art  / [a magyar müvészek listáját összeállította = the introductions to Hungarian artists by Zsuzsa Fazekas, Emese Joó] ; [a finn müvészek listáját összeállította = the introductions to Finnish artists by Julia Elmore ... [et al.]] ; [szövegek = texts: Eszter C
Art now. Vol. 3, A cutting-edge selection of today's most exciting artists
The encyclopedia of visual art. Vol. 1, History of art : Paleolithic art - Etruscan art
Manifestations of contemporary folk art and outsider art
Veijo Rönkkösen todellinen elämä = The real life of Veijo Rönkkönen
Devil-may-care : the Nordic Pavillion at the 50th Venice Biennial 2003
The dance experience : insights into history, culture, and creativity
The Korean art gallery
Everyday genius : self-taught art and the culture of authenticity
Folk groups and folklore genres : a reader
Social hackers
McCulloch's contemporary aboriginal art : the complete guide
Ars 11 : Africa in Kouvola
Moving history, dancing cultures : a dance history reader
Outsider art sourcebook : art brut = folk art = outsider art
La Biennale di Venezia : 53rd international art exhibition: making worlds = fare mondi = φτιάχνοντας κόσμους. Vol. 1, Exhibition
No space hidden : the spirit of African American yard work
Persona : masks of Africa : identities hidden and revealed
Northern beauty : Barents visual arts in the 1970s and the 1980s
The most serious of make-believe
Studies on shamanism
Possessions : indigenous art, colonial culture
Art now : a cutting-edge selection of today's most exciting artists : Vol 3
The Sámi people : traditions in transition
From art brut to art without boundaries
Revisionaries : a decade of art in Tokion
Artists as researchers : a new paradigm for art education in Europe
Rituals and ceremonies in popular culture
Confronting world art
Imagery & creativity : ethnoaesthetics and art worlds in the Americas
The Arts of the North American Indian : native traditions in evolution
On the map : exploring European outsider art : a notebook
Arctic inua = Arktisen henki
South-East Asia : studies in art, cultural heritage and artistic relations with Europe
Contemporary Aboriginal art : a guide to the rebirth of an ancient culture
Vernacular visionaries : international outsider art / edited by Annie Carlano
Contemporary aboriginal art
Manifestations of contemporary folk art and outsider art : international conference at Folk Arts Centre, Kaustinen, Finland, 22-25 May 2003 / editor: Raija Kallioinen
Ite : art in Finland / editor-in-chief: Seppo Knuuttila ; editorial staff: Seppo Knuuttila ... [et al.]
Home-Made : contemporary Russian folk artifacts
Speaking with pictures : folk art and the narrative tradition in India
Reworlding art history : encounters with contemporary Southeast Asian art after 1990
Ugriculture 2000 : suomalais-ugrilaisten kansojen nykytaiteet : Karjala-Komi-Mari-Mordva-Udmurtia-Unkari-Viro = contemporary art of the Fenno-Ugrian peoples : Karelia-Komi-Mari-Mordvinia-Udmurt-Hungary-Estonia
Documenta 11 : platform 5:exhibition, Kassel, June 8 - September 15, 2002
How to look at outsider art
