http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13283 adult education teaching
adult education teaching
Adults as learners in the field of music  : a pedagogical challenge
From teaching to mentoring : principle and practice, dialogue and life in adult education
Adult teaching and learning : developing your practice
The trainer's handbook
Cognition, Education and Deafness : Directions for Research and Instruction
Teaching foreign languages to adult learners
Reconceptualising lifelong learning : feminist interventions
A study on the promotion of adults' oral English communication and teacher development in liberal and tertiary education
English for you. 3
Adult learning and the Internet
Alright? Alright! : aktivointimateriaali
Threshold level 1990
Adult education and health
Lifelong learning and the English language : the significance of studying English voluntarily at adult age
English intermediate : multimedia language course
Problem solving and constitution of knowledge at work
Powerful techniques for teaching adults
Adults learning
Adult literacy and development : stories from the field
Critical reflection stragegies using teams : pratical learning strategies for individuals, groups and organisations : techniques for creative problem solving and skills development : essential skills for workshop facilitation
English for you, too!. Book 2, Opettajan aineisto
Digital media in blended coaching : interaction and distance presence in adult education
Individual models of adult learning
Towards the essence of adult experiential learning : a reading of the theories of Knowles, Kolb, Mezirow, Revans and Schön
Teaching adult second language learners
The strategic use of learning technologies
Delivering instruction to adult learners
Web-based distance education for adults
"In education in Ireland today, more diverse groups than ever are accessing new learning routes that hitherto remained obstructed. There is renewed focus on the non-traditional learner and, increasingly, the issue of access to education is located centrally within a new vision for a more inclusive society. This book then explores ways in which the ideal of educational inclusion manifests itself in authentic policy and practice."--BOOK JACKET.
New ways in english for specific purposes
Teaching techniques in adult education
Language teaching in blended contexts
How to teach adults in a fun and exciting way
Sharpening our tools : improving evaluation in adult and nonformal education
Low-educated second language and literacy acquisition : proceedings of the 8th symposium
Guidance and counselling in adult and continuing education : a developmental perspective
Adult learning and education
Health care students' metacognitive knowledge about language learning with reference to their future work
English for you. 4
Languages for adults
Key concepts in adult education and training
101 ways to make training active
Adult learning in a new technological era
Narrative and the practice of adult education
Future visions of adult education centers : SoMe times?
English for you, too!. Book 3
Third language acquisition in adulthood
Teaching at Its Best is the bestselling, research–based toolbox for college instructors at any level, in any higher education setting. Packed with practical guidance, proven techniques, and expert perspectives, this book helps instructors improve student learning both face–to–face and online. This new fourth edition features five new chapters on building critical thinking into course design, creating a welcoming classroom environment, helping students learn how to learn, giving and receiving feedback, and teaching in multiple modes, along with the latest research and new questions to facilitate faculty discussion. Topics include new coverage of the flipped classroom, cutting–edge technologies, self–regulated learning, the mental processes involved in learning and memory, and more, in the accessible format and easy–to–understand style that has made this book a much–valued resource among college faculty. Good instructors are always looking for ways to improve student learning. With college classrooms becoming increasingly varied by age, ability, and experience, the need for fresh ideas and techniques has never been greater. This book provides a wealth of research–backed practices that apply across the board. Teach students practical, real–world problem solving Interpret student ratings accurately Boost motivation and help students understand how they learn Explore alternative techniques, formats, activities, and exercises Given the ever–growing body of research on student learning, faculty now have many more choices of effective teaching strategies than they used to have, along with many more ways to achieve excellence in the classroom.
Literacies across educational contexts : mediating learning and teaching
Enhancing learning in training and adult education
Using e-books and e-readers for adult learning : with a focus on adult literacy
From translating to discourse : a research on some English textbooks used in Adult education centres in Finland in the years 1977-1996. Kirsti Jukkola
Planning instruction for adult learners
English for you, too!. Book 3, Opettajan aineisto
Facilitating adult learning : a transactional process
Teaching and learning in adult education
The older foreign language learner : a challenge for colleges and universities
English for you, too!. Book 1
Adult education in a village in Tanzania
Comparative method experiments in foreign language teaching : the final report of the GUME/adults project
Governance and marketisation in vocational and continuing education
Assessing the relative effectiveness of two methods of teaching English to adults : a replication experiment
This book provides an essential resource for both new and experienced teachers, trainers and lecturers looking to harness the benefits of technology in their approaches to teaching, learning and assessment.
Print literacy development : uniting cognitive and social practice theories
Contemporary viewpoints on teaching adults effectively
Vocational qualification in hairdressing
Understanding second language learning difficulties
Learning with adults : a critical pedagogical introduction
"International scholars and practitioners apply the principles of the New Literacy Studies, which views literacy as a social practice, to diverse educational contexts. Sixteen case studies explore what it means for students of all ages to learn and teachers to teach across diverse contexts"--Provided by the publisher.
Teaching skills in further & adult education
The craft of teaching adults
Teaching and learning in further and adult education
A trainer's guide for participatory learning and action
Teaching calligraphy in adult education : a regional case study initiative with national implications
Distance education : the foundations of effective practice
Working with adult learners
'Start speaking now, please' : a study of adults' second language spoken communication skills on the basis of the national certificate of language proficiency test, autumn 2001
Learning centres in Europe
Participation in adult education in Finland : adult education survey 1990
Assessing adult learning : a guide for practitioners
National core curriculum for literacy training for adult migrants 2012.
Curious minds : Nordic adult education compared
Developing adult learners : strategies for teachers and trainers
Emotions in life-long learning : a biographical perspective
Developing teaching style in adult education
English for you, too!. Book 4, Opettajan aineisto
Mastering the teaching of adults
Vocational qualification in chemical engineering
Report of the Working Party on Developing Language Teaching for Adults
Adult Education Practices in the Bachelor's Degree Programme in Business Information Systems
Education, work and social capital : towards a new conception of vocational education
Language narratives from general upper secondary education for adults : an inquiring teacher's journey of fostering foreign language identity in autonomy-oriented pedagogy
English for you, too!. Book 1, Opettajan aineisto
How do you tailor education to the learning needs of adults? Do they learn differently from children? How does their life experience inform their learning processes? These were the questions at the heart of Malcolm Knowles' pioneering theory of andragogy which transformed education theory in the 1970s. The resulting principles of a self-directed, experiential, problem-centred approach to learning have been hugely influential and are still the basis of the learning practices we use today. Understanding these principles is the cornerstone of increasing motivation and enabling adult learners to achieve. This update of a pioneering classic contains all Knowles' original chapters alongside a newer second part by Elwood Ed Holton and Richard A Swanson charting the advancements on these core principles. A third section includes selected readings from previous editions to illustrate the theory's evolution, as well as important articles from other key experts around the world for a comprehensive view. This new edition includes: * New chapter outlines, learning objectives and careful edits of Malcolm Knowles' work to simplify the original theory * Updates to the second part to reflect the very latest advancements in the field * Revisions throughout to make it more readable and relevant to your practices.
Teaching in further education
Dimensions of adult learning : adult education and training in a global era
The adult learner : the definitive classic in adult education and human resource development
Reflective learning in blended process : becoming an adult educator
Adult learning in a training context : an evaluative case study on learning experiences of participants of a disaster risk reduction training in Nairobi, Kenya
Learning opportunities for adults. 2, New structures, programmes and methods
Innovations in transformative learning : space, culture, & the arts
English for you, too!. Starter : opettajan aineisto
Learning theory and classroom practice in the lifelong learning sector
Teaching adults
Adult education practices in the bachelor's Degree Programme in Business Information Systems
Educating Rita and her sisters : women and continuing education
E-learning as a tool for human resource development : case ABB
Literacy & libraries : learning from case studies
Adult learning in modern societies : an international comparison from a life-course perspective
New life, new language : the history of the adult migrant English program
Enhancing learning through technology in lifelong learning : fresh ideas : innovative strategies
As individuals and societies try to respond to fundamental economic and social transformation, the field of adult learning and education is rapidly getting increased attention and new topics for research on adult learning have emerged. This collection of articles from The International Encyclopedia of Education 3/e offers practitioners and researchers in the area of adult learning and education a comprehensive summary of main developments in the field. The 45 articles provide insight into the historical development of the field, its conceptual controversies, domains and provision, perspectives on adult learning, instruction and program planning, outcomes, relationship to economy and society and its status as a field of scholarly study and practice. This title saves researchers time in summarizing in one place what is otherwise an interdisciplinary field in cognitive psychology, personality, sociology, and education. It includes level of presentation focuses on critical research, leaving out the extraneous and focusing on need to know information. It contains contributions from top international researchers in the field. It makes MRW content affordable to individual researchers.
Integrating adult learning and technologies for effective education : strategic approaches
Enhancing adult motivation to learn
Adult education and the pursuit of wisdom
The learning revolution : to change the way the world learns
Perspectives on adults learning mathematics : research and practice
Planning programs for adult learners : a practical guide
Reflective practice for teaching in lifelong learning
Self-directed learning : a guide for learners and teachers
Learning and teaching in adult education : contemporary theories
Lifelong learning : new vision, new implications, new roles for people, organizations, nations and communities in the 21st century
The use of multimedia and effectiveness of learning : the use of multimedia in adult education, effectiveness of learning and its connection to learners' personal qualities and to the learning environment
Teaching and counseling gifted and talented adolescents : an international learning style perspective
MOOC for Nordic education for teachers in the field of basic skills for adults : a feasibility studie
Mistakes made and lessons learned : overcoming obstacles to successful program planning
Adult learning methods : a guide for effective instruction
Teaching at its best : a research-based resource for college instructors
Advanced methods in distance education : applications and practices for educators, trainers, and learners
Way to go : update your English
Intercultural competence : a new challenge for language teachers and trainers in Europe. Vol. 2, The adult learner
Everyday English at work - does it work? : evaluation of an English language course
Learning partnerships for social inclusion : exploring lifelong learning contexts, issues & apprpaches
English for you, too!. Book 2
New ways in teaching adults
Language to go : pre-intermediate. Student's book
Planning Programs for Adult Learners, Third Edition covers the development of adult education programs in clear, specific detail. This popular step-by-step guide contains information on every area of program planning for adult learners, from understanding the purpose of educational programs to obtaining suitable facilities to incorporating technology appropriately. For educators and practitioners for whom planning programs is a full-time responsibility or only a part of their jobs, as well as volunteers in a variety of organizations, will find this book to be an essential tool.
English for you, too!. Book 5, Opettajan aineisto
Lifelong learning and experience : papers and perspectives of the 1st International Summer School of the Graduate School in Lifelong Learning
Improving adult literacy outcomes : lessons from cognitive research for developing countries
"This book provides relevant theoretical frameworks and the latest empirical research findings in the area of integrating adult learning and technology, exploring different innovative and strategic instructional approaches"--Provided by publisher.
English for you, too!. Starter
Etelä-Pohjanmaan työttömien työkyvyn edistäminen -projekti 1997-1999. Opi oppimaan yleissivistävien aineiden avulla : andragogisen mallin sovellus = "Learn to learn by means of liberal studies"
Adult learners with special needs : strategies and resources for postsecondary education and workplace training
Adult and continuing education : theory and practice
