http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13296 feudalism
feudalism
Citizen Thomas More and his Utopia
Feudal society. Vol. 1, The growth of ties of dependence
Honshu
Ruralisation of the countryside
Negotiating nationalism : nation-building, federalism, and secession in the multinational state
Life on the English manor : a study of peasant conditions 1150-1400
Negotiating space : power, restraint, and privileges of immunity in early medieval Europe
For the common good : the Bohemian land law and the beginning of the Hussite revolution
Lone Wolf and Cub. Volume 21, Fragrance of death
The worlds of medieval Europe
Lone Wolf and Cub. [Volume 22], [Heaven and earth]
Lone Wolf and Cub. Volume 20, A taste of poison
Lordship in France, 500-1500
The medieval Japanese daimyo : the Ōuchi family's rule of Suō and Nagato
The ancient constitution and the feudal law : a study of English historical thought in the seventeenth century
A history of political institutions in Japan
Passages from antiquity to feudalism
Lone Wolf and Cub. Vol. 15, Brothers of the grass
Lone Wolf and Cub. Volume 25, Perhaps in death
The Japanese experience : a short history of Japan
The feudal kingdom of England, 1042-1216
Feudal architecture of Japan
Feudalism in history
The role of feudal peasantry in history = Rol' feodal'nogo krest'ânstva v istorii
Castles in Ireland : feudal power in a Gaelic world
An economic theory of the feudal system : towards a model of the Polish economy 1500-1800
Reframing the feudal revolution : political and social transformation between Marne and Moselle, c. 800 to c. 1100
Lone Wolf and Cub. Volume 3, The flute of the fallen tiger
The crisis of feudalism : economy and society in Eastern Normandy c. 1300-1550
Re-thinking kinship and feudalism in early medieval Europe
The feudal transformation, 900-1200
Lone Wolf and Cub. Volume 10, Hostage child
Debating the Middle Ages : issues and readings
Feudal society in medieval France : documents from the county of Champagne ; translated and edited by Thodore Evergates
The development of the modern state : a sociological introduction
Yoshimasa and the Silver pavilion : the creation of the soul of Japan
Courtiers and warriors : comparative historical perspectives on ruling authority and civilization
Lone Wolf and Cub. Vol. 17, The will of the fang
Lone Wolf and Cub. Volume 5, Black wind
The modern world-system. Vol. 1, Capitalist agriculture and the origins of the European world-economy in the sixteenth century
The three orders : feudal society imagined
Ruralisation of the countryside : an investigation of the transition of the feudal countryside to capitalist rural
Lone Wolf and Cub. Volume 2, The gateless barrier
The Carolingian lord : semantic studies on four old high German words : balder, frô, truhtin, hêrro
The modern world-system : 1, Capitalist agriculture and the origins of the European world-economy in the sixteenth century
Lone Wolf and Cub. Volume 4, The bell warden
Traditional Romanian village communities : the transition from the communal to the capitalist mode of production in the Danube region
Lone Wolf and Cub. Volume 12, Shattered stones
War, government and power in late medieval France
Lone Wolf and Cub. [Volume 24], [In these small hands]
Peasant and lord in the process of transition from feudalism to capitalism in the Baltics : an attempt of interdisciplinary history
Peasant and lord in the process of transition from feudalism to capitalism in the Baltics : (an attempt of interdisciplinary history)
Lone Wolf and Cub. Volume 1, The assasin's road
Unbounded loyalty : frontier crossing in Liao China
A brief history of economics : artful approaches to the dismal science
The dominant ideology thesis
Life on the English manor : a study of peasant conditions, 1150-1400
Lordship in France, 1500-1789
The Bakufu in Japanese history
Lone Wolf and Cub. Volume 11, Talisman of Hades
Lone Wolf and Cub. Volume 7, Cloud dragon, wind tiger
At the roots of medieval society : the Western empire = An den Wurzeln der mittelalterlichen Gesellschaft : Das Oströmische Reich
The reign of Richard Lionheart : ruler of the Angevin empire, 1189-99
Die Gegenwart des Feudalismus = Présence du féodalisme et présent de la féodalité = The presence of feudalism
Knights and Samurai : feudalism in Northern France and Japan
The myth of 1648 : class, geopolitics and the making of modern international relations
Fiefs and vassals : the medieval evidence reinterpreted
The manorial economy in early-modern East-Central Europe : origins, development and consequences
History of law in Japan since 1868
Lone Wolf and Cub. Volume 13, The moon in the east, the sun in the west
Lone Wolf and Cub. Volume 14, The day of the demons
Lone Wolf and Cub. Volume 26 : Struggle in the dark / [translation: Dana Lewis]
European legal history : sources and institutions
Land and lordship : structures of governance in medieval Austria
Rethinking India's past
The serf, the knight, and the historian
Courts and regions in medieval Europe
Europe in transition : from feodalism to industrialization
Lone Wolf and Cub. Volume 23, Tears of ice
Feudal society. Volume 2, Social classes and political organization
Lone Wolf and Cub. Volume 18, Twilight of the Kurokuwa
Feud, violence and practice : essays in medieval studies in honor of Stephen D. White
Order and chivalry : knighthood and citizenship in late medieval Castile
Lone Wolf and Cub. Volume 28, [The lotus throne]
The Butcher Bird
Feudalism : New Landscapes of Debate
Common knowledge about Chinese History = Zhongguo lishi changshi
Feudal society. Volume 1, The growth of ties of depedence
Lone Wolf and Cub. Volume 9, Echo of the assassin
Lone Wolf and Cub. Volume 16, Gateway into winter
Age of faith
Oswald de Lacy is growing up fast in his new position as Lord of Somershill Manor. The Black Death changed many things, and just as it took away his father and elder brothers, leaving Oswald to be recalled from the monastery where he expected to spend his life, so it has taken many of his villagers and servants. However, there is still the same amount of work to be done in the farms and fields, and the few people left to do it think they should be paid more -- something the King himself has forbidden. Just as anger begins to spread, the story of the Butcher Bird takes flight. People claim to have witnessed a huge creature in the skies. A new-born baby is found impaled on a thorn bush. And then more children disappear. Convinced the bird is just a superstitious rumour, Oswald must discover what is really happening. From the plague-ruined villages of Kent to the thief-infested streets of London and the luxurious bedchamber of a bewitching lady, Oswald's journey is full of danger, dark intrigue and shocking revelations.
Lone Wolf and Cub. Volume 8, Chains of death
The Middle Ages without feudalism : essays in criticism and comparison on the medieval West
The night the Old Regime ended : August 4, 1789, and the French Revolution
Lone Wolf and Cub. Vol. 26, Struggle in the dark
