http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13200 solubility
solubility
Studies on gas-liquid mass transfer in atmospheric leaching of sulphidic zinc concentrates
Leaching and ecotoxicity tests as methods for classification and assessment of environmental hazard of solid wastes
Phase equilibria of heavy oil systems in hydroprocesses : experiments and modeling
Solubilities of inorganic and organic compounds. Volume 1, Part 2, Binary systems
Self-association, compatibility, and strengthening behavior of liquid crystalline oligomers
Thermodynamic stabilities of complex phases and their assemblages in Ag-Te, Ag-Bi-S and Ag-Cu-S systems
Chemical modification of single-walled carbon nanotubes via alkali metal reduction
CRC handbook of solubility parameters and other cohesion parameters
Enhancing the usability of drug materials by electrostatic atomisation
Finnish trends in phosphorus balances and soil test phosphorus
Measurement of limestone properties and simulation of their influence on sizing the dissolution tank in WFGD plants
Solubilities of inorganic and metal organic compounds. Vol. 2
Electric and electrochemical properties of surface films formed on copper in the presence of bicarbonate anions
Nanocrystals for drug delivery applications
Indomethacin topical formulations development and the effect of compositions on the physical characteristics and stability
Simfuel dissolution studies in granitic groundwater
Solubilities of inorganic and organic compounds. Volume 1, Part 1, Binary systems
Phosphorus status of diverse soils in Finland as influenced by long-term P fertilisation. 1, Native and previously applied P at 24 experimental sites
Solubility of unirradiated UO[sub 2] fuel in aqueous solutions : comparison between experimental and calculated (EQ3/6) data
Release of soil phosphorus during runoff as affected by ionic strength and temperature
Computation of dissolved gas concentrations in water as functions of temperature, salinity, and pressure
Handbook of green chemistry / Set 2, Green solvents. Vol. 4, Supercritical solvents / edited by Walter Leitner and Philip G. Jessop
Dissolved gas concentration in water : computation as functions of temperature, salinity and pressure
Pellavaproteiinikonsentraatin toiminnalliset ominaisuudet = Functional properties of linseed protein concentrate
Effect of Bacillus subtilis on phosphorus uptake by cucumber as affected by iron oxides and the solubility of the phosphorus source
The main aim of the European Union's waste legislation and the corresponding Finnish waste legislation is to reduce the production of waste. Further, the aims of the European Union's growth strategy are to reduce the production of greenhouse gases, increase the use of renewable energy, and improve energy efficiency. According to the renewed Waste Tax Act, a waste tax has to be paid on all fly ashes that are deposited in landfills in Finland. A large amount of wood- and peat-based fly ashes are formed annually in Finland, and the amount is likely to increase in the future due to the increasing use of renewable energy. Previously, these ashes have mainly been deposited in industrial landfills, but the need to utilize the fly ashes has increased recently due to changes in waste legislation.In this thesis, several issues related to the utilization of wood- and peat-based fly ash were studied, with the general objective of improving the utilization potential of such ashes.As the first stage of this research, the suitability of willow ash for use as a fertilizer was studied. Willow ash would be well suited for use as a fertilizer due to its very high nutrient content. However, cadmium, a heavy metal, was found to be enriched in the ashes of the studied willow species. Due to this, special attention should be paid when choosing willow species for energy production.In the second stage of the research, the possibility of improving the strength development of wood- and peat-based fly ashes, as well as the possibility of stabilizing fly ash containing high amounts of heavy metals via the addition of cement and/or alkali activation, was investigated. Strength development was found to be dependent on the amount of reactive calcium and the ratio between that amount of reactive calcium and the sum of the reactive silicon, aluminum, and sulfur (Ca/(Si + Al + S)). The studied methodsperformed well in terms of stabilizing barium, copper, lead, and zinc.During the next stage, the effect of different chemical digestion methods, which are regulated by the Finnish waste legislation, on the utilization potential of fly ash was studied. The digestion method had a significant impact on the results of the potassium content analysis, which could affect the possibility of using fly ash as a fertilizer.As the final stage of the research, the co-granulation of ash with sewage sludge and lime was studied. From a technical point of view, the co-granulation was successful, although the compressive strength of the granules was low. Additionally, an insufficient nitrogen content was achieved with a sludge addition of 20-40 weight%.
Phosphorus in action : biological processes in soil phosphorus cycling
Principles of solution and solubility
This volume offers a comprehensive guide on the theory and practice of amorphous solid dispersions (ASD) for handling challenges associated with poorly soluble drugs. In twenty-three inclusive chapters, the book examines thermodynamics and kinetics of the amorphous state and amorphous solid dispersions, ASD technologies, excipients for stabilizing amorphous solid dispersions such as polymers, and ASD manufacturing technologies, including spray drying, hot melt extrusion, fluid bed layering and solvent-controlled micro-precipitation technology (MBP). Each technology is illustrated by specific case studies. In addition, dedicated sections cover analytical tools and technologies for characterization of amorphous solid dispersions, the prediction of long-term stability, and the development of suitable dissolution methods and regulatory aspects. The book also highlights future technologies on the horizon, such as supercritical fluid processing, mesoporous silica, KinetiSol℗ʼ, and the use of non-salt-forming organic acids and amino acids for the stabilization of amorphous systems. Amorphous Solid Dispersions: Theory and Practice is a valuable reference to pharmaceutical scientists interested in developing bioavailable and therapeutically effective formulations of poorly soluble molecules in order to advance these technologies and develop better medicines for the future.℗
Radionuclide solubilities at elevated temperatures : a literature study
Carbon in boreal coniferous forest soil : spatial and temporal variation in concentration of dissolved organic carbon
Solubility of high melting temperature oxides (CaO, Al2O3, Cr2O3) in copper oxide liquid
Microscale and macroscale techniques in the organic laboratory
Corrosion behaviour of zinc and aluminium in simulated nuclear accident environments
Thermodynamics, solubility, and environmental issues
Jätteiden karakterisointi : liukoisuustestit. Läpivirtaustesti ylöspäin (määritellyissä olosuhteissa) : standardi = Characterization of waste : leaching behaviour tests. Up-flow percolation test (under specified conditions)
Miniaturization of drug solubility and dissolution testings
Engineering chemistry
Trace elements solubilization in waste-amended saline-sodic conditions
In this work, we examined the effects of Bacillus subtilis strain QST713 by assessing plant P uptake from variably P compound .The experiment performed involved three factors: (i) P source [KH2PO4 at 100 mg kg-1, and phosphate rock (PR) at 100 or 200 mg kg-1]; (ii) plant inoculation with QST713 (inoculated and non-inoculated); and (iii) Fe oxide (ferrihydrite) in the growth medium (0 or 300 mg kg-1 concentration of citrate-ascorbate-extractable Fe). Ferrihydrite decreased dry matter yield in plants by more than 50 %. Inoculation with QST713 increased plant growth, and total accumulation of P and P uptake in plants. Overall, QST713 increased P uptake by 40 %, the effect being independent of the presence of ferrihydrite and P source. The increased P uptake observed can be ascribed to increased solubilization of P and to increased root growth.. Therefore, QST713 improves P nutrition in plants grown on media with a high P adsorption capacity irrespective of the solubility of the P compound.
Phosphorus in agricultural soils of Finland : characterization of reserves and retention in mineral soil profiles
Desorption of phosphate from three Finnish mineral soil samples during adsorption of vanadate, molybdate and tungstate
Susceptibility of copper to general and pitting corrosion in saline groundwater
Microscale techniques for the organic laboratory
Significance of crystallographic properties in pharmaceutical compacts
Solubilities of inorganic and organic compounds. Vol. 2, Ternary and multicomponent systems. Part 2
Specification of the minimum, sufficient and significant set of descriptors for general description of solvent effects
Starch is one of the most abundant polysaccharides found in nature and is widely utilized in various fields of industry. Due to the complex structure of native starch it is insoluble in most organic solvents and needs modification prior utilization. In this study, ionic liquids (ILs), modern green chemistry alternatives for common solvents were used as reaction media in starch modification.At first various starch species were depolymerized in 1-allyl-3-methylimidazolium chloride ([AMIM]Cl) with p-TsOH as a catalyst. Microwave activation or conventional bath heating were used as heating methods while HPLC-ELSD was used as an analytical method. All studied starch species depolymerized similarly into water-soluble starch oligomers while microwave activation shortened the depolymerization time considerably compared to oil bath heating.Barley starch was chosen for further experiments, in which various ILs were studied as potential media for starch dissolution and depolymerization. Results suggested that both the anion and the cation part of the IL had an effect on the dissolution and depolymerization of barley starch. After the depolymerization reactions, the depolymerized barley starch was further modified by cationization. [AMIM]Cl was used as the reaction media, microwave activation as the heating method while HPLC-ELSD, 1H NMR and elemental analysis were used as analytical methods. The modified products had DS values from 0.2 to 0.5 depending on the reaction conditions. The products were studied as potential binding agents for heavy metal ions which showed that moderately substituted modified starch (DS 0.4) could be used to bind Cu(II), Fe(III) and Zn(II) ions from an aqueous solution.Finally, potato peel waste was studied as an alternative starch source to produce cationized starch for wastewater purification. Peel waste was pre-treated by alkaline depolymerization after which it was cationized in a water solution to produce cationized products with DS from 0 to 0.35. The cationized peel waste products were studied preliminary as binding agents for Cu(II) ions from a water solution using ICP-OES as an analytical method. The results suggested that when the molar ratio between cationized waste starch and copper was 3:1, cationized waste starch was an effective binding agent for copper ions.
Effects of different wood ashes on the solubility of cadmium in two boreal forest soils
Solubilities of inorganic and organic compounds. Vol. 2, Ternary systems. Part 1
Amorphous solid dispersions : theory and practice
Drug bioavailability : estimation of solubility, permeability, absorption and bioavailability
Developments and applications in solubility
Stability of natural colorants of plant origin
Phosphorus acquisition by barley (Hordeum vulgare L.) at suboptimal soil temperature
Regular and related solutions : the solubility of gases, liquids, and solids
Phosphorus fertilizer leaching from drained ombrotrophic peatland forests : empirical studies and modelling
Solubility database for TILA-99
Enhancing the usability of drug materials by electrosatic atomisation
Activity and enzyme kinetics of human UDP-glucuronosyltransferases : studies of psilocin glucuronidation and the effects of albumin on the enzyme kinetic mechanism
Syke proficiency test 4/2008 : leading testing of a solid waste : the one stage and the two stage batch leaching test
Mobility, chemical fractionation and plant uptake of Cd, Ni and Zn in contaminated soils
Solubility and speciation calculations (EQ3/6) for the elements of importance in TVO-92
Cyclodextrins in fast-dissolving drug formulations for intraoral administration
Evaporation and crystallization of inorganic salt solutions
Solubilities of inorganic and metal organic compounds. Vol. 1
Solubility and speciation of uranium in the reference waters of TVO-92
Multi-approach design and fabrication of hybrid composites for drug delivery and cancer therapy
Nanocrystal formulation for poorly soluble drugs
Neural network modeling for estimation of the aqueous solubility of structurally related drugs
Chemical mobility and reactivity in soil systems : proceedings of a symposium
Biocompatibility and biofunctionalization of mesoporous silicon particles
Developing a thermodynamic database for lead-based alloys
Subcritical and supercritical water as a cellulose solvent
Carbon nanotubes are a promising material for various applications due to their unique collection of properties. However, carbon nanotube material as such is inert and insoluble, which hampers the true realization of its potential. In order to enhance the applicability of carbon nanotubes, their surface must be modified. This work concerned the chemical modification of single-walled carbon nanotubes (SWNT) by the Birch reduction, which is based on the reduction of the SWNT surface with the valence electron of alkali metal solvated in liquid ammonia. The reduction generates a SWNT anion, which reacts with electrophiles resulting in the covalent attachment of functional groups to the tube surface. In this work, aryl halides or alcohols were used as electrophiles to yield arylated or hydrogenated SWNTs, respectively.At first, the goal was to modify SWNTs as a filler material for polystyrene. The use of five halogenated ethenylphenyl derivatives as electrophiles revealed that the structure of electrophile affected the success of functionalization and the solubility of SWNTs in polystyrene-toluene solution. The most successful functionalization and solubilization of SWNTs were achieved with 1-chloro-4-ethenylbenzene.In the second part, liquid ammonia was replaced with a new solvent, 1-methoxy-2-(2-methoxyethoxy)ethane (diglyme) in order to avoid the restrictions, hazards and inconvenience of its handling. The work concentrated on the study of alkali metal reduction of SWNTs in diglyme by the use of arylation with 4-iodobenzoic acid or 4-chlorobenzoic acid and hydrogenation as model reactions. Li, Na or K was used as an alkali metal while naphthalene or 1-tert-butyl-4-(4-tert-butylphenyl)benzene was used in order to enhance the solvation of electrons. As a result, functionalization was simplified and enhanced. Electrophile affected the functionalization in such a way that arylation was significantly more successful than hydrogenation. The effect of alkali metal and electron carrier varied with electrophile. The most successful hydrogenation was achieved with the complex of Li and 1-tert-butyl-4-(4-tert-butylphenyl)benzene while arylation was the most successful with the complex of K and naphthalene. The solubility of SWNTs in water, ethanol, methanol and dimethylformamide was clearly improved by arylation whereas hydrogenation led to moderate improvement.
Experimental studies on dilute helium mixtures at low temperatures
We studied the effects of soil temperature (8°C and 15°C) on barley growth, barley phosphorus (P) uptake and soil P solubility. Barley was grown in a pot experiment in two soils with different P fertilization histories for 22 years. The availability of P was estimated by using 33P-labeled fertilizer and calculating L-values. After cultivation for 22 years at ambient soil temperature without P fertilization (-P), soil L-value had decreased compared to soil that received annual P fertilization (P+). Low soil temperature further reduced the L-values, more in the -P soil than in the +P soil. Our results demonstrated that P fertilization can only partially ameliorate poor growth at low soil temperatures. Thus, applying ample fertilization to compensate for poor growth at low soil temperatures would increase the P content and solubility in the soil, but plant uptake would remain inhibited by cold.
Mercury in liquids, compressed gases, molten salts and other elements
Solubility of drug molecules predicted by computer simulations and approximate theory
Phase equilibrium measurements and modelling for separation process design
Solvent effects on UV-VIS absorption spectra of some solvatochromic substances in binary solvent mixtures : the preferential solvation model
Assessing potential forest and steel inter-industry residue utilisation by sequential chemical extraction
Physicochemical studies regarding the utilization of wood- and peat-based fly ash
Solubilities of uranium for TILA-99
Accumulation and translocation of sparingly soluble manure phosphorus in different types of soil after long-term excessive inputs
Modification of native and waste starch by depolymerization and cationization : utilization of modified starch in binding of heavy metal ions from an aqueous solution
Experimental study of Ni solubility in sulphidic groundwater and cement water under anoxic conditions
Chemical, biochemical, and engineering thermodynamics
Mesoporous silica- and silicon-based materials as carriers for poorly water soluble drugs
Environmentally benign Fe chelates in plant nutrition
Simfuel dissolution studies in granitic groundwater : leaching experiments at VTT
Abstract: The present thesis work was dedicated to analyze inorganic salt solutions and their properties under vacuum conditions, specifically boiling point elevation and saturation concentration as functions of temperature and pressure. Water Group Ltd. Oy is operating in a field of industrial water processing and one of its key activities is industrial evaporation, as a part of water purification systems.  In the present research work solutions of four inorganic salts and their properties were studied. The analyses described in this thesis work were made in chemical laboratory of Satakunta University of Applied Sciences using equipment supplied by Water Group Ltd., which consisted of rotary evaporator BÜCHI Rotavap R-114 and auxiliary equipment.  Analyses of NaCl and Na2SO4 solutions verified the theory that boiling point elevation of given concentration does not depend on pressure and is constant. Saturation concentration of studied salts also did not depend on pressure, but only on temperature. According to the results solubility of Na2SO4 decreases considerably with an increase of NaCl concentration. The results of laboratory experiments correlated well with the available in literature data and proved efficiency and suitability of the developed methodic for studying parameters of evaporation processes.  The methodic of analyses used in the present thesis work can be applied for studies of other inorganic and organic solutions. The obtained results of laboratory tests will further be used for designing industrial scale evaporators.
Microscopic and macroscopic studies of liquid and solid helium mixtures
Improvement of the physicochemical properties and oral bioavailability of poorly bioavailable drugs by cyclodextrin- and prodrug-technology
