http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1323 futurism
futurism
Color & form 1909-1914 : the origin and evolution of abstract painting in Futurism, Orphism, Rayonnism, Synchromism and the Blue Rider : Fine Arts Gallery of San Diego, Calif., November 20, 1971-January 2, 1972, the Oakland Museum, Calif., January 25, 197 / Henry G. Gardiner ... [et al.]
This textbook introduces the reader to modernist avant-garde theatre. It clearly explains the key terms as well as the major movements, including Expressionism, Dadaism, Futurism, Workers' theatres, Constructivism and the Living Newspaper, and Mass Performance, using a case study approach. It introduces the important traditions and conventions of the modernist avant-garde, reassesses theatrical techniques, and provides examples of plays and performances from across Europe and America. There are also chapters on The Modernist Body and on Interdisciplinary Performance. The book approaches the modernist avant-garde both as an area of academic study and as potential raw material for contemporary performance. -- Key Features: The first introductory guide to the modernist theatrical avant-garde -Includes case studies, practical exercises at the end of each chapter, an annotated bibliography and a glossary of performance terms - Includes links to performance-based explorations of theatrical techniques - Provides a springboard for further independent study, both theoretical and practical.
History of modern painting. From Picasso to surrealism : cubism, futurism, the blue rider, metaphysical painting, dada, abstract art, purism, the realist reaction, the bauhaus, poetic painting, surrealism
Elena Guro : from the city's "Junkyard" of images to a poetics of nature
The culture of fragments : word and images in futurism and surrealism
At the time of Picasso
Provocation and extravagance : in modern Russian literature and culture
Fast forward : the aesthetics and ideology of speed in Russian avant-garde culture, 1910-1930
Luigi Russolo, Futurist : noise, visual arts, and the occult
Cubism, futurism and constructivism / J. M. Nash
Literature and revolution
Cubism and futurism : the evolution of the self-sufficient picture
Balla - Boccioni - Severini : exhibition : Thomas Ammann Fine Art AG, Zurich, June 15 - September 30, 2000 / text by Maurizio Fagiolo dell'Arco
New art in America : fifty painters of the 20th century
Zaum : the transrational poetry of Russian futurism
David Burliuk and his art
Depero : magic theatre
Performance art : from futurism to the present / RoseLee Goldberg
The futurism of Vasilisk Gnedov
Velimir Xlebnikov's shorter poems : a key to the coinages
Echoes of futurism in Finland / Markku Valkonen
Unlimiting limits : permeable space and time in the writings of Guro
In defiance of painting : cubism, futurism, and the invention of collage
Mayakovsky's cubo-futurist vision
The cutting edge of modernity : linocuts of the Grosvenor School
Modernisms : a literary guide
Majakovskij and futurism 1917-1921
Futurism and the arts : a bibliography, 1959-73 = Le futurisme et les arts : bibliographie, 1959-73 = Il futurismo e le arti : bibliografia, 1959-73
International yearbook of futurism studies. Volume 2, Open Issue
Early modernism : literature, music and painting in Europe 1900-1916 / Christopher Butler
Varvara Stepanova : makers of avant-garde
Our arrival : from the history of Russian futurism
Futurist cookbook
Xlebnikov and carnival : an analysis of the poem Poèt
Depero : Magic theatre :[mostra itinerante : San Paolo del Brasile Museu de Arte São Paulo 7 giugno - 2 luglio 1989, Rovereto, Museo d'Arte Moderna e Contemporanea 1 settembre - 15 ottobre 1989, Londra, The Italian Institute 30 ottobre - 24 novembre] / by Gabriela Belli, Nicoletta Boschiero and Bruno Passamani
A slap in the face! : futurists in Russia
Futurism : from modernism to cuteness / Giancarlo Carpi
Power to the people : early Soviet propaganda posters in The Israel Museum, Jerusalem
The steampunk user's manual : an illustrated practical and whimsical guide to creating retro-futurist dreams
Futurism and the technological imagination
The moderns : a treasury of painting throughout the world
Futurist art and theory : 1909-1915 / by Marianne W. Martin
Pop architecture : Kanner architects, Los Angeles
Deleuze and futurism : a manifesto for nonsense
Gino Severini : from Futurism to Classicism : National touring exhibitions : [Hayward Gallery, London, 1999 ; the Ashmolean Museum in Oxford, 1999 ; the Graves Art Gallery in Sheffield, 1999]
Dystopia : fantasy art, fiction and the movies / Dave Golder ; foreword by Pat Mills
Cubism, futurism and constructivism
Malevich : painting the absolute
The life of a painter : the autobiography of Gino Severini / translated by Jennifer Franchina
Introduction : future imperfect - Italian futurism between tradition and modernity
Elämäkerta = Biographical outline
After the future
Literary futurism : aspects of the first avant-garde
Modern art : impressionism to post-modernism
"An onslaught of savages" : from decadence to futurism
Luigi Russolo (1885-1947) - painter, composer, builder of musical instruments, and first-hour member of the Italian Futurist movement - was a crucial figure in the evolution of twentieth-century aesthetics. As creator of the first systematic poetics of noise and inventor of what has been considered the first mechanical sound synthesizer, Russolo looms large in the development of twentieth-century music. In the first English language study of Russolo, Luciano Chessa emphasizes the futurist's interest in the occult, showing it to be a leitmotif for his life and a foundation for his art of noises. Chessa shows that Russolo's aesthetics of noise, and the machines he called the intonarumori, were intended to boost practitioners into higher states of spiritual consciousness. His analysis reveals a multifaceted man in whom the drive to keep up with the latest scientific trends coexisted with an embrace of the irrational, and a critique of materialism and positivism.
Panorama of world art : Art of the twentieth ..
After the Future explores our century-long obsession with the concept of "the future." Beginning with F. T. Marinetti's "Futurist Manifesto" and the worldwide race toward a new and highly mechanized society that defined the "Century of Progress," highly respected media activist Franco Berardi traces the genesis of future-oriented thought through the punk movement of the early '70s and into the media revolution of the '90s. Cyberculture, the last truly utopian vision of the future, has ended in a clash, and left behind an ever-growing system of virtual life and actual death, of virtual knowledge and actual war. Our future, Berardi argues, has come and gone; the concept has lost its usefulness. Now it's our responsibility to decide what comes next. Drawing on his own involvement with the Autonomia movement in Italy and his collaboration and friendship with leading thinkers of the European political left, including Félix Guattari and Antonio Negri, Berardi presents a highly nuanced analysis of the state of the contemporary working class, and charts a course out of the modern dystopian moment. Franco Berardi, better known in the United States as "Bifo", is an Italian autonomist philosopher and media activist. One of the founders of the notorious Radio Alice, a pirate radio station that became the voice of the autonomous youth movement of Bologna in the late 1970s, Bifo is the author of multiple works of theory, including the recently published The Soul at Work and "The Post-Futurist Manifesto".
The world backwards : Russian futurist books 1912 - 16 / Susan P. Compton
Forms of rockin' : graffiti letterforms and trends in popular culture 1972-1989
Cosmism in 20th century Ukrainian art : [part 1] : [National Fine Art Museum of Ukraine, Kyiv, 18.-28.5. 2000 : Henie Onstad Kunstsenter, Oslo, 24.6. - 28.8. 2000]
The women artists of Italian futurism : almost lost to history
Futurism & dada reviewed : 1912-1959 : a collection of original words, music and tone poems
Futurism 1909-1944 : Sezon Museum of Art, Tokyo, 11.4. - 1.6.1992
The history of futurism : the precursors, protagonists, and legacies
The black imagination, science fiction, futurism and the speculative
Modernist and avant-garde performance : an introduction
International yearbook of futurism studies : volume 5 : 2015 : special issue : women artists and futurism / edited by Günther Berghaus ; with the assistance of Mariana Aguirre ... [et al.]
R°užena - příběh malířky Růženy Zátkové : = Story of the painter Růžena Zátková
Collezione Echaurren Salaris. II, Futurismi nel mondo = Futurisms in the world
Musica futurista : the art of noises : music & words from the Italian futurist movement 1909-1935
Explodity : sound, image, and word in Russian futurist book art
From Ensor to Magritte : Belgian art 1880 - 1940 / Michael Palmer ; preface by Francine-Claire Legrand
A slap in the face : futurists in Russia  : Esterick Collection of Modern Italian Art, 28 March - 10 June 2007 : Hatton Gallery, Newcastle University, Newcastle upon Tyne, 23 June -18 August 2007 / John Milner
Artificial Africa in the European avant-garde : Marinetti and Tzara
Velimir Chlebnikov and the development of poetical language in Russian symbolism and futurism
The other modernism : F. T. Marinetti's futurist fiction of power
The art of noises
Pioneers of modern graphic design : A complete history
Essays on art / K.S. Malevitsh ; ed. by Troels Andersen
Freak art scrapbook : Chicago's Armory show in print, 1913
Futurismo : impact and legacy
Malevitsh ikonisuutta etsimässä = Malevich in quest of iconness / Jevgenia Petrova ; Yevgenia Petrova
The king of time
Majakovskij and futurism : 1917-1921
At the edge : a Portuguese futurist, Amadeo de Souza Cardoso
People's participation : challenges ahead
Art and architecture of the 20th century
Art of the 20th century
Futurism : an anthology
Uusi taide : nopeus, vaara, uhma : Italian futurismi = A new art : speed, danger, defiance : Italian Futurism : 1909-1944
Russian futurism : a history
Futurism and nature : the death of great pan?
Ukrainian futurism, 1914-1930 : a historical and critical study
The futurist cookbook
International futurism in arts and literature
Graphic design theory : readings from the field
Futurism in Eastern and Central Europe
Introduction to the ethics and philosophy of futurism / Marco Ancora
Modern art : Impressionism to post-modernism
Merz to emigre and beyound : avant-garde magazine of the twentieth century / Steven Heller
Futurism and politics : between anarchist rebellion and fascist reaction, 1909-1944
"A teplymi slovami potomu kasajus zizni..." : the Poor knight as an allegory of poetic language
The futurist moment : avant-garde, avant guerre, and the language of rupture
The art of gothic : music : fashion : alt culture
Representation of otherness in literary avant-garde of early twentieth century: David Burliuk's and Ezra Pound's Japan
Aleksej Gastev : proletarian bard of the machine age
The book of art : a pictorial encyclopedia of painting, drawing and sculpture. 8. Modern art : from fauvism to abstract expressionism
Modern painting
Finnish futurist visual art
International Yearbook of Futurism Studies 2014: vol. 4
Igor'-Severjanin : his life and work - the formal aspects of his poetry
Modern art : volume 1 : 1870-1944
Second futurism : counter tendencies in Russia and Italy / Cesare G. de Michelis
Electronic poetry : understanding poetry in the digital environment
Beyond anarchism : Marinetti's futurist (anti-)utopia of individualism and 'artocracy'
Futurism & photography
Embraced by aesthetics of pop / Harri Kalha
Boccioni's materia : a futurist masterpiece and the avant-garde in Milan and Paris
The futurists, the formalists, and the Marxist critique
