http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13269 diplomacy
diplomacy
Conduct of American diplomacy
Case studies in Japanese negotiating behavior
The Hopkins touch : Harry Hopkins and the forging of the alliance to defeat Hitler
Treasures of the royal courts : Tudors, Stuarts & the Russian tsars
American grand strategy in the Mediterranean during World War II
Waijiao anli = Case studies in diplomacy
Cold war diplomacy : American foreign policy, 1945-1975
"The roots of today's "clash of civilizations" between the Islamic world and the West are not solely anchored in the legacy of the crusades or the early Islamic conquests: in many ways, it is a more contemporary story rooted in the nineteenth-century history of resistance to Western hegemony. And as this compellingly argued and carefully researched transnational study shows, the Ottoman Middle East believed it had found an ally and exemplar for this resistance in Meiji Japan. Here, author Renee Worringer details the ways in which Japan loomed in Ottoman consciousness at the turn of the twentieth century, exploring the role of the Japanese nation as a model for Ottomans in attaining "non-Western" modernity in a global order dominated by the West. Japan's domestic and international achievements kindled a century-long fascination with the nation in Ottoman lands, one that arguably reached its ironic culmination with the arrival of Japanese troops in Iraq in 2004"--
Reinventing Thailand : Thaksin and his foreign policy
Apocalypse management : Eisenhower and the discourse of national insecurity
Pioneers of a European Diplomatic System : EU Delegations in Moscow and Washington
China’s new foreign politics : Xi Jinping’s universal rule by virtue?
International theory : the three traditions
The diplomats 1919 - 1939. 2, The thirties
Fall of giants
Summits : six meetings that shaped the twentieth century
Nixon in the world : American foreign relations, 1969-1977
Locarno revisited : European diplomacy, 1920-1929
The United States and multilateral diplomacy : a handbook
Chronicon Anonymi Cantuariensis = The chronicle of Anonymous of Canterbury, 1346-1365
Conservative internationalism : armed diplomacy under Jefferson, Polk, Truman, and Reagan
Suematsu Kencho and Japan's Struggle for Civilised Status
The second Baldwin government and the United States, 1924-1929 : attitudes and diplomacy
The triumph of improvisation : Gorbachev's adaptability, Reagan's engagement and the end of the Cold War
International law, new diplomacy and counterterrorism : an interdisciplinary study of legitimacy
"This interdisciplinary book explores how those who employ terrorist tactics across international borders intend to achieve their strategic goals by targeting a government's legitimacy. Because legitimacy must be bestowed through compliance from below, a shift away from the traditional top-down approach must be undertaken to account for the views of citizens. The spheres of legality, morality and efficacy serve to conceptualize legitimacy as this target of terrorism To explore this hypothesis, the author uses the framework of international law to investigate the case study of the cross-border 'war on terror' launched by the United States.Thus this work represents the conscious integration of two disciplines: international law and political philosophy. Through their integration, we see that civil societies have often turned to the standards of international law to understand and judge the legitimacy of their government's counterterrorism policies reaching across international borders. The end result is that counterterrorism's long-term effectiveness hinges on adopting policies which take into account international obligations based not only in codified legality, but in morality and efficacy as well. As the first element is the modern language of diplomacy and the other two have deep roots in diplomatic relations, this tripartite relationship has direct diplomatic implications. In essence, this is a book about 'legitimate' counterterrorism policy. The author's concept of legitimacy as a target illuminates the need for placing legitimacy at the center of counterterrorism studies, and the book explores its shape and utility as an analytical tool through the application of three intersecting conceptual lenses.This book will be of much interest to students of international law, diplomacy, counter-terrorism, political philosophy, security studies and IR"--
Peace and prosperity policy and peace regime on the Korean Peninsula : the limits of coercive diplomacy in Korean Peninsula
Defending the Holy Land : a critical analysis of Israel's security & foreign policy
The relationship between Canada and France has always been complicated by the Canadian federal government's relations with Quebec. In this first study of Franco-Canadian relations during the Second World War, Olivier Courteaux demonstrates how Canada's wartime foreign policy was shaped by the country's internal divides. As Courteaux shows, Quebec's vocal nationalist minority came to openly support France's fascist Vichy regime and resented Canada's involvement in a 'British' war, while English Canada was largely sympathetic to de Gaulle's Free French movement and accepted its duty to aid embattled Mother Britain. Meanwhile, on the world stage, Canada deftly juggled ties with both French factions to appease Great Britain and the United States before eventually giving full support to the Free French movement.
Negotiating with the enemy : U.S.-China talks during the Cold War, 1949-1972
The new diplomacy and its apparatus
Creative diplomacy : Japan's initiative for peace and prosperity
Concorde diplomacy : the ambassador's role in the world today
Consular law and practice
The lost history of 1914 : how the Great War was not inevitable
Diplomacy by conference : studies in public affairs 1920-1946
War, diplomacy, and imperialism, 1618-1763
Diplomatic handbook
How to reform the UN climate negotiations? : perspectives from the past, present and neighbour negotiations
Ottomans imagining Japan : East, Middle East, and non-western modernity at the turn of the twentieth century
The foundations of medieval papal legation
Studies in Atatürk's Turkey : the American dimension
British envoys to Germany 1816-1866. Vol. 4, 1851-1866
Economic diplomacy : the export-import bank and American foreign policy 1934-1939
Europe in winter
Ally : my journey across the American-Israeli divide
Embassies, negotiations, gifts : systems of East Roman diplomacy in Late Antiquity
The diplomats 1919 - 1939. 1, The twenties
Dynamics of world politics : studies in the resolution of conflict
Japan's imperial diplomacy : consuls, treaty ports, and war in China, 1895-1938
"At the beginning of 1977, several members of the United Nations (UN) Security Council prepared a joint diplomatic initiative to resolve the deadlock over South Africa's illegal occupation of Namibia. In this book, Hans-Joachim Vergau, a key participant in the ensuing negotiations, analyses the multifaceted political and diplomatic developments - as well as dramatic setbacks - that followed the initiative."--Publisher's description.
Going public : diplomacy for the information society
Conclusion
China's diplomacy
Through a screen darkly : popular culture, public diplomacy, and America's image abroad
The diplomacy of the Mexican Empire, 1863-1867
Cold War modernists : art, literature, and American cultural diplomacy
Frederik II and the Protestant cause : Denmark's role in the Wars of Religion, 1559-1596
The China problem in postwar Japan : Japanese national identity and Sino-Japanese relations
Powerful patriots : nationalist protest in China's foreign relations
Illusion and necessity : the diplomacy of Global War 1939-1945
International environmental law-making and diplomacy review 2015
Diplomacy. Vol. 1, Theory of diplomacy
The practice of diplomacy ..
The art of diplomacy : the American experience
What role do nationalism and popular protest play in China's foreign relations? Chinese authorities permitted anti-American demonstrations in 1999 but repressed them in 2001 during two crises in U.S.-China relations. Anti-Japanese protests were tolerated in 1985, 2005, and 2012 but banned in 1990 and 1996. Protests over Taiwan, the issue of greatest concern to Chinese nationalists, have never been allowed. To explain this variation, Powerful Patriots identifies the diplomatic as well as domestic factors that drive protest management in authoritarian states. Because nationalist protests are costly to repress and may turn against the government, allowing protests demonstrates resolve and makes compromise more costly in diplomatic relations. Repressing protests, by contrast, sends a credible signal of reassurance, facilitating diplomatic flexibility. Powerful Patriots traces China's management of dozens of nationalist protests and their consequences between 1985 and 2012. -- Provided by publisher
Night over Europe : the diplomacy of nemesis, 1939-1940
International environmental law-making and diplomacy review 2014
A diplomatic history of Europe since the congress of Vienna
Human security and sovereignty : case of Canada's foreign policy for human security
Satow's Guide to diplomatic practice
Introduction to the Logic of East-West Artistic Interactions
Can peace research make peace? : lessons in academic diplomacy
New Delhi and Sri Lanka : four decades of politics and diplomacy
Effective negotiation : case studies in conference diplomacy
Eisenhower's armies : the American-British alliance during World War II
The Kaiser's mission to Kabul : a secret expedition to Afghanistan in World War I
Rethinking the Korean war : a new diplomatic and strategic history
Diplomacy. Vol. 2, History of diplomacy
Interpreters as diplomats : a diplomatic history of the role of interpreters in world politics
Diplomatic ceremonial and protocol : principles, procedures & practices
Hess, Hitler & Churchill : the real turning point of the Second World War : a secret history
This is the first complete edition of the Chronicon Anonymi Cantuariensis, a contemporary narrative that provides valuable insights into medieval war and diplomacy, written at Canterbury shortly after the mid-fourteenth century. The previous edition, published in 1914, was based on a manuscript from which the text for the years 1357 to 1364 was missing. Presented here in full with a modern English translation, the chronicle provides a key narrative of military and political events covering the years from 1346 to 1365. Concentrating principally on the campaigns of the Hundred Years War and their impact upon the inhabitants of south-east England, the author took advantage of his position on the main news route between London and Paris to provide a detailed account of a crucial phase in British and European history.
Celebrity diplomacy
Catastrophe : Europe goes to war 1914
Issues in American diplomacy. 2, World power and leadership since 1895
The diplomacy of isolation : South African foreign policy making
Vienna conventions on diplomatic and consular relations
Diplomacy : the dialogue between states
Detente diplomacy : United States and European security in the 1970's
The peace of Paris 1856 : studies in war, diplomacy and peacemaking
Winston's war : Churchill, 1940-1945
American diplomacy 1900-1950
Guide to the diplomatic archives of Western Europe
Negotiating the freedom of Namibia : the diplomatic achievement of the Western Contact Group
Opportunity and challenge
A collection of the diplomatic and consular laws and regulations of various countries
Diplomacy and trade in the Chinese world, 589-1276
Women of the world : the rise of the female diplomat
Diplomacy in international law
The evolution of diplomatic method
Politics and diplomacy in early modern Italy : the structure of diplomatic practice, 1450-1800
The social politics of medieval diplomacy : Anglo-German relations (1066-1307)
Decision on Palestine deferred : America, Britain and wartime diplomacy, 1939-1945
Making friends with Hitler : Lord Londonderry and Britain's road to war
Diplomacy in a changing world
Cursed victory : a history of Israel and the occupied territories
The international law of diplomacy : the diplomatic instrument and world public order
The practical negotiator
Great Britain, British Jews and the international protection of Romanian Jews, 1900-1914 : a study of Jewish diplomacy and minority rights
This book is about the process and, more generally, about the opportunities that peace research and the teaching of conflict resolution can offer academic diplomacy. As such the book is both an empirical and a theoretical project. While it aims at being the most comprehensive analysis of the conflict in West Kalimantan, it also launches a new theoretical approach, neo-pragmatism, and offers lessons for the prevention of conflicts elsewhere. While being based on the classical pragmatist theories of truth and explanation, the approach developed in this book incorporates the complications to social science theory caused by the 'discovery' of socially constructed realities, and concepts such as speech acts. Yet, instead of just theorizing speech acts and social constructs, the theoretical mission is to offer pragmatic, detailed, concrete prescriptions of what to do to deconstruct realities that threaten peace by the means available for research and scholars of peace.
Diplomacy : theory and practice
Canada between Vichy and Free France, 1940-1945
Studies in diplomacy and statecraft
Recognition of governments in international law : with particular reference to governments in exile
Hungarian-British diplomacy, 1938-1941 : the attempt to maintain relations
Soviet diplomacy and the Spanish Civil War
Britain, Turkey and the Soviet Union, 1940-45 : strategy, diplomacy and intelligence in the Eastern Mediterranean
Unsilencing the past : track two diplomacy and Turkish-Armenian reconciliation
An Ottoman statesman in war and peace : Ahmed Resmi Efendi, 1700-1783
Splendid encounters : the thought and conduct of diplomacy
The diplomats 1919-1939. 1, The twenties
How China communicates : public diplomacy in a global age
The noodle maker of Kalimpong : the untold story of my struggle for Tibet
Anglo-American attitudes : from revolution to partnership
Peacemaking in international conflict : methods & techniques
Agony of choice : Matsuoka Yōsuke and the rise and fall of the Japanese Empire, 1880-1946
Japan and the wider world : from the mid-nineteenth century to the present
International law and espionage
Diplomats and diplomacy in the Roman world
Roosevelt's lost alliances : how personal politics helped start the Cold War
Cultural diplomacy : the case analysis of Lithuanian presidency of the Council of the European Union in 2013
Poland and Persia : pages from the history of Polish-Persian relations
Asean and peace mediation : progress, challenges, and cooperation
The diplomacy of world power : the United States, 1889-1920
Secret diplomatic documents and treaties
Moral Conflict
The diplomats 1919-1939. 2, The thirties
Inventing public diplomacy : the story of the U.S. Information Agency
A history of the League of Nations
The evolution of diplomacy : being the Chichele lectures delivered at the University of Oxford in November 1953
A power for peace and development : the White Papers of the Chinese government from a public diplomacy point of view
Conference diplomacy : an introductory analysis
A diplomatic history of Europe since the Congress of Vienna
Diplomacy in Japan-EU relations : from the Cold War to the post-bipolar era
Masters and commanders : how four titans won the war in the west, 1941-1945
The international thought of Herbert Butterfield
"This book offers a thorough reinterpretation of U.S. engagement with the Mediterranean during World War II. Andrew Buchanan argues that the United States was far from being a reluctant participant in a "peripheral" theater, and that Washington had a major grand-strategic interest in the region. By the end of the war the Mediterranean was essentially an American lake, and the United States had substantial political and economic interests extending from North Africa, via Italy and the Balkans, to the Middle East. This book examines the military, diplomatic, and economic processes by which this hegemonic position was assembled and consolidated. It discusses the changing character of the Anglo-American alliance, the establishment of post-war spheres of influence, the nature of presidential leadership, and the common interest of all the leaders of the "Grand Alliance" in blocking the development of potentially revolutionary movements emerging from the chaos of war, occupation, and economic breakdown"--
Diplomats in international co-operation : stepchildren of the foreign service
British envoys to Germany 1816-1866. Vol. 3, 1848-1850
The diplomacy of the great powers
Diplomatic history 1713-1933
African diplomacy : studies in the determinants of foreign policy
Memoirs of a Russian diplomat : outposts of the Empire, 1893-1917
While the divide between capitalism and communism, embodied in the image of the Iron Curtain, seemed to be as wide and definitive as any cultural rift, Giles Scott-Smith, Joes Segal, and Peter Romijn have compiled a selection of essays on how culture contributed to the blurring of ideological boundaries between the East and the West. This important and diverse volume presents fascinating insights into the tensions, rivalries, and occasional cooperation between the two blocs, with essays that represent the cutting edge of Cold War Studies and analyze aesthetic preferences and cultural phenomena as various as interior design in East and West Germany; the Soviet stance on genetics; US cultural diplomacy during and after the Cold War; and the role of popular music as the universal cultural ambassador.An illuminating and wide-ranging survey of interrelated collective dreams from both sides of the Iron Curtain, Divided Dreamworlds? has a place on the bookshelf of any modern historian.
Handbuch der diplomatischen Korrespondez der europäischen Staaten 1856-1871 = Répertoire de la correspondance diplomatique des etats Européens 1856-1871 = Digest of the diplomatic correspondence of the European states 1856-1871
The WikiLeaks files : the world according to US empire
Diplomatic history of the United States
The noodle maker of Kalimpong : my untold story of the struggle for Tibet
Abandoning American neutrality : Woodrow Wilson and the beginning of the Great War, August 1914-December 1915
Think tanks and power in foreign policy : a comparative study of the role and influence of the Council on Foreign Relations and the Royal Institute of International Affairs, 1939-1945
Rudi, the former chef-turned-spy, returns on a mission to uncover the truth—in a fractured Europe utterly changed by the public unveiling of the Community. Union has been forged and the Community is now the largest nation in Europe; trains run there from as far afield as London and Prague. It is an era of unprecedented peace and prosperity. So what is the reason for a huge terrorist outrage? Why do the Community and Europe meet in secret, exchanging hostages? And who are Les Coureurs des Bois? Along with a motley crew of strays and mafiosi and sleeper agents, Rudi sets out to answer these questions—only to discover that the truth lies both closer to home and farther away than anyone could imagine.
When the eagle screamed : the romantic horizon in American diplomacy, 1800-1860
Akira Iriye assesses Japan's international relations, from a Japanese perspective, in the century and a half since she ended her self-imposed isolation and resumed her place in the international community. The book is the author's own adaptation of two highly successful short studies, up to and after 1945, that he wrote for Japan. It ends with a consideration of Japan's international relations since the end of the Cold War, and her place in the world today. This is history written from within - and there could be no better interpreter of Japan to the West than this most distinguished of historians, who, himself Japanese, has long lived and taught in the United States.
Rendezvous with destiny : how Franklin D. Roosevelt and five extraordinary men took America into the War and into the world
Nationalist, realist, and radical : three views of American diplomacy
The burden of Confederate diplomacy
Law-making in the global community
"Debates about U.S. foreign policy have revolved around three main traditions--liberal internationalism, realism, and nationalism. In this book, distinguished political scientist Henry Nau delves deeply into a fourth, overlooked foreign policy tradition that he calls "conservative internationalism." This approach spreads freedom, like liberal internationalism; arms diplomacy, like realism; and preserves national sovereignty, like nationalism. It targets a world of limited government or independent "sister republics," not a world of great power concerts or centralized international institutions.Nau explores conservative internationalism in the foreign policies of Thomas Jefferson, James Polk, Harry Truman, and Ronald Reagan. These presidents did more than any others to expand the arc of freedom using a deft combination of force, diplomacy, and compromise. Since Reagan, presidents have swung back and forth among the main traditions, overreaching under Bush and now retrenching under Obama. Nau demonstrates that conservative internationalism offers an alternative way. It pursues freedom but not everywhere, prioritizing situations that border on existing free countries--Turkey, for example, rather than Iraq. It uses lesser force early to influence negotiations rather than greater force later after negotiations fail. And it reaches timely compromises to cash in military leverage and sustain public support. A groundbreaking revival of a neglected foreign policy tradition, Conservative Internationalism shows how the United States can effectively sustain global leadership while respecting the constraints of public will and material resources"--
Diplomacy in ancient Greece
Hard diplomacy and soft coercion : Russia's influence abroad
The diplomatic career
From dependence to non-alignment : experiences of and Indian administrator and diplomat
British envoys to Germany 1816-1866. Vol. 2, 1830-1847
Divided dreamworlds? : the cultural Cold War in East and West
Well-oiled diplomacy : strategic manipulation and Russia's energy statecraft in Eurasia
During the first twelve months of World War I President Woodrow Wilson had a sincere desire to maintain American neutrality. The president, however, soon found this position unsustainable. As Wilson sought to mediate an end to the European conflict he realized that the war presented an irresistible opportunity to strengthen the US economy though expanded trade with the Allies. As this carefully argued study shows, the contradiction between Wilson's idealistic and pragmatic aims ultimately drove him to abandon neutrality in late 1915 - helping to pave the way for America's entrance into the war. -- Publisher website.
In heikler Mission : Geschichten zur Schweizer Diplomatie : Publikation zur gleichnamigen Sonderausstellung im Landesmuseum Zürich 16. Mai bis 16. September 2007 = Mission délicate : histoires autour de la diplomatie suisse : catalogue de l'exposition du même titre au Landesmuseum Zurich du 16 mai au 16 septembre 2007 = On a delicate mission : tales of Swiss diplomacy : publication to the special exhibition of the same name at the Landesmuseum in Zurich May 16 to September 16, 2007
The Portuguese in Sri Lanka and South India : studies in the history of diplomacy, empire and trade, 1500-1650
