http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13215 pests
pests
CRC handbook of natural pesticides. Vol. 6, Insect attractants and repellents
Sea buckthorn (Hippophae rhamnoides L.) : production and utilization
CRC handbook of pest management in agriculture. Vol. 2
Chemistry and uses of insecticides
Pests & diseases of herbaceous perennials : the biological approach
Nursery pest management : final environmental impact statement
Invasive arthropods in agriculture : problems and solutions
Introduction to research on plant nematology : an FAO guide to the study and control of plant-parasitic nematodes
Integrated pest management : principles and practice
Pest status and incidence of the honey bee tracheal mite in Finland
Open Journal of Forestry
Reed canary grass - observations of effects on crop stand and fibre quality caused by infestation of Epicalamus phalaridis
The peonies : section I ; The herbaceous peonies : section II ; The tree peonies
Biological control of pests in China
The truth about organic gardening : benefits, drawbacks, and the bottom line
The use of oxygen-free environments in the control of museum insect pests
The commercial greenhouse
Deadly animals : savage encounters between man and beast
Sterility principle for insect control or eradication : Proceedings of a symposium on the sterility principle for insect control or eradication jointly organized by the IAEA and FAO and held in Athens, 14-18 September 1970
Gall midges of economic importance. Vol. 3, Gall midges of fruit
Pests, diseases and disorders of the sugar beet
It is assumed that climate change will promote pest invasions and their establishment in new regions. We have updated the list of current alien invertebrate pest species in Finland and produced a list of potential new alien pests using a self-organizing map (SOM) that ranks species in terms of their risk of entry into Finland. The 76 pest species recorded included 66 insects, 5 nematodes, 2 mites and 3 slugs. Nearly half of the alien species appeared to have invaded Finland during the last 48 years. The SOM analysis is considered a viable tool for identification of potentially high-risk invasive pests from among the multitude of potential alien invaders, and represents a useful complement to local expert knowledge-based risk assessment of potentially invasive pests. Along with the comparisons with databases of current and potential pest species, SOM analysis suggests that in the changing climate, the habitats at greatest risk from exotic pests in Finland are horticultural: orchards, ornamental hardy-nursery stocks, landscape and ornamental tree nurseries, and greenhouses.Exploration of the distribution patterns of naturalized species within Finland revealed species occupancy to be dependent on the residence time of the species. Established neophytes can be expected to extend their ranges and to increase occupation of agricultural habitats in the future.
A review of risk prioritisation schemes of pathogens, pests and weeds: principles and practices
Climate change, intercropping, pest control and beneficial microorganisms
Cultivated crops and climatic factors affecting the yellow potato cyst nematode, Globodera Rostochiensis (Woll.) Behrens
Report on economic zoology for year ending April 1st, 1907
Pests of fruit crops : a color handbook
Gall midges of economic importance. Vol. 1, Gall midges of root and vegetable crops
Report on economic zoology for year ending April 1st, 1908
House guests house pests : a natural history of animals in the home
Applied principles of horticultural science
Supervising food safety : a text for level 3 food safety courses and a reference for supervisors
An annotated bibliography on rodent research in Latin America, 1960-1985
Honey bee pests, predators, and diseases
International workshop on sorghum stem borers : 17-20 Nov 1987, ICRISAT Center, India
Proceedings of the VIth International Phylloxera Symposium : Bordeaux, France, August 28-30, 2013
Crop pests in Tanzania and their control
Success and distribution of large raspberry aphid (Amphorophora idaei) and its natural enemies on different raspberry cultivars
Statistical and mathematical methods in population dynamics and pest control : proceedings of a meeting of the EC Experts' Group, Parma 26-28 October 1983
Gall midges of economic importance. Vol. 5, Gall midges of trees
Acute impact on the honey bee (Apis mellifera) after treatment with powdered sugar and CO2 for the control of Varroa destructor
Quarantine requirements and procedures to prevent introduction and spread of exotic pests of mutual concern to member countries of the North American Forestry Commission
Wheat : science and trade
Marschner's mineral nutrition of higher plants
Turfgrass insects of the United States and Canada
Disease management of fruits and vegetables. 1 : Fruit and vegetable diseases
First report of Diuraphis (Holcaphis) frequens as a pest of wheat in Finland
Gall midges of economic importance. Vol. 4, Gall midges of ornamental plants and shrubs
Insect pests and their natural enemies on spring oilseed rape in Estonia : impact of cropping systems
Greenhouse pests and beneficials : Ball identification guide to
Seasonal occurrence of Lygus bugs on field crops in Finland
Unbidden house guests
Insects and arachnids of tropical stored products : their biology and identification : (a training manual)
Risks to plant health : European Union priorites for tackling emerging plant pests and diseases
Pest management and the environment in 2000
Pesticide mitigation in museum collections : science in conservation : proceedings from the MCI workshop series
Conifers for gardens : an illustrated encyclopedia
Recorded and potential alien invertebrate pests in Finnish agriculture and horticulture
The Minefield spiders
Pests of cultivated plants in Finland during 1987
Pest management : a directory of information sources. Vol. 1, Crop protection
Theory and practice of biological control
The main problems of using biological pest control in greenhouse production
The effects of powdered sugar varroa control treatments on Apis mellifera colony development
A catalogue of the parasites and predators of insect pests. Section 1, pt. 1, Parasite host catalogue: Parasites of the Arachnida and Coleoptera
Occurrence of phytoseiid mites (Acari: Phytoseiidae) on apple trees in Finland
A longer growing season and higher accumulated effective temperature sum (ETS) will improve crop production potential in Finland. The production potential of new or at present underutilised crops (e.g. maize (Zea mays L.), oilseed rape (Brassica napus L.), lucerne (Medicago sativa L.)) will improve and it will be possible to grow more productive varieties of the currently grown crops (spring wheat (Triticum aestivum L.), barley (Hordeum vulgare L.), oats (Avena sativa L.)). Also cultivation of autumn sown crops could increase if winters become milder and shorter, promoting overwintering success. Climatic conditions may on the other hand become restrictive in many ways. For example, early season droughts could intensify because of higher temperatures and consequent higher evaporation rates. Current low winter temperatures and short growing season help restrict the development and spread of pests and pathogens, but this could change in the future. Longer growing seasons, warmer autumns and milder winters may initiate new problems with higher occurrences of weeds, pests and pathogens, including new types of viruses and virus vectors. Anoxia of overwintering crops caused by ice encasement, and physical damage caused by freezing and melting of water over the fields may also increase. In this study we identify the most likely changes in crop species and varieties in Finland and the pest and pathogen species that are most likely to create production problems as a result of climate change during this century.
The eradication of ticks = La erradicación de las garrapatas : proceedings of the Expert consultation on the eradication of ticks with special reference to Latin America, Mexico City, Mexico, 22-26 June 1987.
Insect pests of sweet potato in Java
Wooden Artifacts Group Denver - 1993 : Speciality Session, June 4, 1993 A.I.C. Annual Meeting Denver, Colorado
Hygiene for management : a text for food safety courses
Distribution of migratory plant parasitic nematodes in cultivated Finnish soils
Agricultural zoology for students in Africa
Conceptualising the economics of plant health protection against invasive pests
The delphinium : a flower monograph
World crop pests. Vol. 2 A, Aphids : their biology, natural enemies and control
Breeding plants for disease resistance : concepts and applications
The pest potential of Meloidogyne hapla in northern field conditions
Plant nematology in southern Africa (1970-1985)
Your living home
Rodent pest management in eastern Africa
Inert gases in the control of museum insect pests
Birch tar oil is an effective mollusc repellent : field and laboratory experiments using Arianta arbustorum (Gastropoda: Helicidae) and Arion lusitanicus (Gastropoda: Arionidae)
Natural enemy databank 1987 : a catalogue of natural enemies of arthropods derived from records in the CIBC Natural enemy databank
"Respected and known worldwide in the field for his research in plant nutrition, Dr. Horst Marschner authored two editions of Mineral Nutrition of Higher Plants. His research greatly advanced the understanding of plant nutrition ranging from rhizosphere processes to nutrient uptake and utilization by plants in the field. While visiting field experiments in West Africa in 1996, Dr. Marschner contracted malaria and passed away, and until now this legacy title went unrevised. Despite the passage of time, it remains the definitive reference on plant mineral nutrition. Since the last edition, great progress has been made in the understanding of various aspects of plant nutrition. In recent years, the perspective on the mode of action of nutrients in plant metabolism and yield formation has shifted. Much progress has been made in the molecular aspects of nutrient uptake and transport within plants as well as the responses of plants to nutrient deficiency or toxicity. These and many other developments are covered in this long-awaited new edition."--P. [4] of cover.
Distribution, movements and reproduction of carabid beetles (Coleoptera: Carabidae) inhabiting cereal fields
Biological factors in deterioration of paper = Facteurs biologiques de deterioration du papier
Aphids infesting crucifers in Canada
Pesticide outlook
Hardy roses : their culture in Canada with contributed sections on insect pests and diseases
Guidelines for surveillance
Brighton Crop Protection Conference : pests and diseases -1992 : vol. 1-3
Natural enemies in european horticulture : International Module HAS `s-Hertogenbosch June 1997
A colour atlas of fruit pests
Blue sticky traps are more efficient for the monitoring of Lygus rugulipennis (Heteroptera, Miridae) than yellow sticky traps
Nordiske navne på skadedyr og nogle nyttedyr = Nordic names of pests and some beneficial animals
Nematode identification and expert system technology
The leafhopper Delphacodes pellucida (F.) (Hom., Auchenorrhyncha) as the cause and distributor of the damage to oats in Finland
International symposium on Diptera pests in vegetable crops, Skierniewice, Poland 1-6 June, 1987
Studying habitat use and behavior of moose (Alces alces) by integrating airborne laser scanning and GPS tracking
Professional food manager
Plant-parasitic nematodes are one of multiple causes of soil-related sub-optimal crop performance. This book integrates soil health and sustainable agriculture with nematode ecology and suppressive services provided by the soil food web to provide holistic solutions. Biological control is an important component of all nematode management programmes, and with a particular focus on integrated soil biology management, this book describes tools available to farmers to enhance the activity of natural enemies, and utilize soil biological processes to reduce losses from nematodes.
The care of the golf course
Remedial treatment of buildings
Forage legumes for temperate grasslands
Pest attack & pest control in organic materials : postprints of the UKIC Furniture section conference Museum of London 18 November 1996.
CABI : a century of scientific endeavour
Proceedings of the Eighth International Symposium on Flowerbulbs
World crop pests. Vol. 2 B, Aphids : their biology, natural enemies and control
Atlas of diseases and pests in beet = Atlas des maladies et des parasites de la betterave = Atlas der Krankenheiten der Rübe
Organic farming
Third International Strawberry Symposium : Veldhoven, the Netherlands, 29 April - 4 May 1996. Vol. 2
Integrated pest management for collections : proceedings of 2001: a pest odyssey
Open Journal of Forestry (OJF) covers topics in forestry, including forest protection, pest control, ecology, plant breeding, plant nutrition, urban forestry, etc.
Journal of plant diseases and protection
Insect pests of maize : a quide for field identification
Proceedings of the XIth International Pear Symposium : Patagonia, Argentina November 23-26, 2010
Handbook of vegetable pests
Gall midges of economic importance. Vol. 7, Gall midges of cereal crops
Handbook for incorporation of integrated pest management in agricultural projects
Integrated pest management in the global arena
IPM  Handbook for golf courses
Combatting pests of cultural property
The feasibility of using modified atmospheres to control insect pests in museums : GCI scientific programm report, March 1993 : Michael, K. Rust, Janice M. Kennedy
Introduction to insect pest management
50 ways to kill a slug
Plant pests and their control
White apple leafhopper : pest management program for apple series
Hydroponic basics
Ecology of woodlands and forests : description, dynamics and diversity
Ecologically-based management of rodent pests
Modern crop protection compounds. Volume 3, Insecticides
Biological control : proceedings of an AAAS Symposium on Biological Control, held at Boston, Massachusetts December 30-31, 1969
Insect infestation of edible mushrooms in Soviet South Karelia and bioecological characteristics of the pests
The pinewood nematode, Bursaphelenchus Xylophilus : proceedings of an international workshop, University of Évora, Portugal, August 20-22, 2001
Africanized honey bees and bee mites
Vertebrate pest control, January 1979 - April 1989 : citations from AGRICOLA concerning diseases and other environmental considerations
Bookworms : the insect pests of books
Biological control of plant-parasitic nematodes : soil ecosystem management in sustainable agriculture
Predation on the Bird Cherry-Oat aphid in cereals
Controlling vertebrate pests in museums
Gall midges of economic importance. Vol. 6, Gall midges of miscellaneous crops
Environmental protection and biological forms of control of pest organisms : proceedings of an international workshop
Annotated bibliography of nematode pests of potato
Brighton Crop Protection Conference : pests and diseases -1992 : a compilation of papers presented at the Conference by Bayer and independent co-operating researchers
Powdered sugar dusting for the control of varroosis
Assessments of common pests, growth and nitrogen levels on wild raspberries (Rubus idaeus L.) in summer 2000
Honey bee pathology
Semiochemicals : their role in pest control
Dead snails leave no trails : natural pest control for home and garden
The gardener's guide to common-sense pest control
Society's resources are scarce, and biosecurity actions need to be targeted and prioritised. Various models have been developed that prioritise and rank pests and diseases according to the risks they represent. A prioritisation model allows utilisation of scientific, ecological and economic information in decision-making related to biological hazards. This study discusses such models and the properties associated with them based on a review of 78 prioritisation studies. The scope of the models includes all aspects of biosecurity (human, animal and plant diseases, and invasive alien species), but with an emphasis on plant health. The geographical locations of the studies are primarily North America, Europe, Australia and New Zealand. Half of the studies were conducted during the past five years. The review finds that there generally seems to be several prioritisation models, especially in the case of invasive plants, but only a select few models are used extensively. Impacts are often accounted for in the model, but the extent and economic sophistication of their inclusion varies. Treatment of uncertainty and feasibility of control was lacking from many studies.
The library disaster preparedness handbook
Proceedings of the Third International Grapevine Phylloxera Symposium : Fremantle, Australia, October 5-7 2005
World bibliography of rice stem borers 1794-1990
Report of the EIFAC working party on prevention and control of bird predation in aquaculture and fisheries operations
Pests and diseases in a changing climate a major challenge for Finnish crop production
Gall midges of economic importance. Vol. 8, Gall midges - miscellaneous
Forest entomology
Sowing time affects the abundance of pests and weeds in winter rye
Gall midges of economic importance. Vol. 2, Gall midges of fodder crops
Concepts in integrated pest management
Insect pests in stored products
Honeybee diseases and enemies in Asia: a practical guide
[Identification cards]
Pathogenesis and host specificity in plant diseases : histopathological, biochemical, genetic and molecular bases. Vol. 2, Eukaryotes
The double-crested cormorant : symbol of ecological conflict
Producing Sea Buckthorn of High Quality : proceedings of the 3rd European Workshop on Sea Buckthorn : Naantali, Finland, October 14-16, 2014
