http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13238 market research
market research
Marketing promotion research of B2C online cosmetics business in China--Case company:jumei.com
Marketing : market research for a start-up business - a basketball style coffeehouse
Spain as an export market : case Kouvolan lakritsi
Marketing research : an integrated approach
Abstract.
Vietnamese Cosmetic Market Study for Company X : case Company: Company X
Biogas in Vietnam : a proposed business model in biogas sector
Market survey for environmental technology : case: Ekomuovi Oy
Measurement in marketing research : an alternative framework
New product innovation process in the metal manufacturing industry
Marketing InnoConnections (Finnish Consulting Company) to Berlin,German Market : Developing business relationships with companies in Berlin
Vietnamese confectionery market analysis and entry plan : case: Candyking Finland Oy
Marketing Plan for Finnish Food Oy
A marketing analysis of household appliances market in Finland : a case study for the Haier Group
Retailing Opportunities for the National Hockey League in Finland
Principles of international marketing research
Market analysis in the business of electronic products
It's not the size of the data--it's how you use it : smarter marketing with analytics and dashboards
Market research and analysis
Usage and expectations to laboratory equipment in some hospitals in China : an exploratory marketing research for Labsystems
How to enter the Finnish market : case: Beijing Guanghui Textile Co, Ltd
Market opportunity analysis : text and cases
Market Research about Customer Segmentation
Chinese target market research for virtual reality technology in education field
International business plan : Martima Ky
Public playground equipment sales plan : NSH Nordic A/S and Hy-land Products
Market research : textile service in Vietnam
Market opportunities in emerging markets : case study: Rideascout's innovative vehicle and Vietnamese market
St. Petersburg - a logistics perspective : report of a research project conducted for liquid transportation company Haanpaa Group concerning the liquid logistics requirements, competitive situation and future infrastructural development of St. Petersburg, Russia
Sewage treatment equipment marketing research
Market research in the Internet age : leveraging the Internet for market measurement and consumer insight
Market Research – System Integrators in Europe : From the viewpoint of Bosch Security Systems
Market research for Aww Design
How to market service packages to European customers. Case study: Evason Ana Mandara & Six Senses Spa-Nhatrang Resort
What is the Best Way to Organize an Import and Sales Business of Malaysian Manufactured Slippers in Hungary?
The development of distribution network  relationship in a start-up company : case: Brunswick Marine in Finland and the Baltic States OY
Wireless LAN Market in the United States
Analysing specific customer segments : case: Uponor Suomi Oy
Spain as an export market, case Kouvolan lakritsi Oy.
The purpose of this master’s thesis was to clarify the markets and gather knowledge of the designing and manufacturing of maintenance products made of stainless steel. The commissioner of this work R-taso Oy has designed and manufactured hot dip galvanized maintenance platforms and walkways since 1985. The interest to expand to a new product category comes from the customers’ interest for stainless steel products and on the other hand from the company’s desire to expand the business. In order to identify the market for maintenance platforms made of stainless steel, a market survey was made as part of the thesis. The survey was issued for industrial companies. One target of the thesis was to familiarize with working with stainless steel and implement methods on the company’s production line. Also, a cost of beginning to manufacture products with a new material was calculated. One pilot project was carried out in the end of the thesis work. In that project there was a chance to test the conclusions in practice. That delivery went well and it gave a positive impetus to the intentions to supply stainless steel products. However, the delivered amount was small and there is still a lot of work to do with improving the production line to manufacture the stainless steel products. Because of the positive research results, it was decided that activities to supply stainless steel products will be started. This thesis work gave necessary information to start that project. The thesis master’s personal knowledge of stainless steel and market research grew significantly during the work. From here on, the company should start working to acquire the CE-marking rights for the new products, to train employees, to find out subcontractors and to supply necessary components to the storage. Also, a marketing campaign and marketing materials should be designed.
Business to business market research : understanding and measuring business markets
Destination unknown : marketing research and plan for Turku Air Oy
Market Research in Vietnam, case study: Medikro
A social and economic theory of consumption
Market Research to Develop the Promotional Activities of Savonia UAS in the Russian Market
Nokia mobile phone marketing in China
Investigation of consumer perceptions towards a new product in St. Petersburg : a case study of Rilś Collection/L-Fashion Group, Ltd
Connexor machinese in academic applications
Choice of a sales channel when launching a new skin care product line to the Finnish market
Navy market research for ABB Marine
Market research on Led Products in Finland : Case: Z-Sen Automatic Electric Co. Ltd.
Market research on luxury e-business in China
Supplying small solar photovoltaic systems to Hanoi, Vietnam
Industrial marketing research : management and technique
Mobile phone covers as football merchandise in the United Kingdom : market research for Oy Wild I.D. Ltd
The viability and market demand of Ballin'
Marketing research : principles and applications
Ward trolley product development plan for the health care industry and market survey on its usability in the Nordic Countries : Case: Innopart Ltd
Market opportunities for ivk-tuote in Murmansk region
Market analysis of second-generation bioethanol in Vietnam : implication for business options
Marketing research for Oy Coop Consult Ab
Market entry possibility to the Finnish optical eyewear market : case: Jill Miro, S.L. (Spain)
Pre-feasibility study on the investment in a new SPA & wellness facility : Case Study: based on a hotel-restaurant in Germany
Marketing your business
As Huawei mobile phone is more and more popular in Finland. Reasons behind this phenomenon should be found. Analysis of the reasons can help us to find the future trend of smart phone market in Finland. There are two main parts in this thesis: hardware part and market part. Hardware part compares the different models of Huawei mobile phone in different period. This can help us to know what had been developed on Huawei mobile phone. In addition, in this thesis will analyze the reports from different local companies, and compare the data of the reports. According to the analysis, the future trend of Huawei in Finland can be found. The main result is that Huawei will invest and develop more in European market. Since Huawei is also making a lot of developments in technology industry, the future trend in Finland is promising and Huawei will develop more mobile phones in the future.
Creating a marketing plan for Dynaset Oy in Nigeria.
Business opportunity of municipal sewage sludge treatment in China
Meeting design industry analysis
Journal of marketing
New concepts in technical trading systems
Analysis of the Pork Market in China and its Opportunities
The Status and Trends Of New Power Generation technology
Essentials of marketing
Abstract: Furniture distribution and cooperation with local distributors in St. Petersburg.
Tiivistelmä: Investigation of consumer perceptions towards a new product in St. Petersburg.
Researching customer satisfaction and loyalty : how to find out what people really think
Kazakhstan's elevator and escalator market research for KONE
Market Analysis on Virtual Reality Games in Finland : Case Vivendi
Marketing : relationships, quality, value
An introduction to market and social research : planning and using research tools & techniques
Multi-axis solutions in packaging machines in Europe
The need for WMS in the company's ERP system
Success Factors of a Potential Hungarian Restaurant in the Republic of Azerbaijan
Petroleum companies in Iran as potential customer for Abloy Oy
Corporate responsibility market research for Nordic Countries : thesis: "Our CR work is an important part of our business value. Legislation is just defining level of our CR reporting" Case Tofuture Ltd
Tiivistelmä:Aloittelevan maahantuontiyrityksen verkostosuhteiden kehittäminen. Case: Brunswick Marine in Finland and the Baltic States OY.
Survey of Air Purifier Market Acceptance in China
Strategic market approach for entering the Indian solar water pump market : plan the marketing strategy for solar off-grid applications
Furniture distribution and cooperation with local distributors in St. Petersburg : market opportunities for the Seniori product group of Kiteen Huonekalutehdas Oy
Investigations for a small business development in the field of hotel industry in Finland
Success Essentials of Yiwu Small Commodity Market
FOREIGN INVESTMENT IN BAHRAIN : Case company: A Private Entrepreneur from Lithuania
Exploratory investigation : Poland
Understanding business markets : interaction, relationships and networks
Foreign external business environment in the dairy and ice cream industry
Brand tracking, CRM programs, trade shows, online behavior tracking, satisfaction studies. Mounds of marketing metrics are generated across touchpoints and channels. This book explains step by step how to: gain crucial IT support; build a rock-solid database; select key leading performance indicators; and design the optimal dashboard layout.
Business marketing management : a strategic view of industrial and organizational markets
Markets, market control and marketing reform : selected papers
Proofreading market viability for Native English Solutions
Using strategic analysis to develop a business : case: Prevelante
The objective of this study was to gather information about the Brazilian market. The analytical approach was conducted at both macro and micro levels with a focus on the Brazilian IT sector and the field of digital marketing. This work aims at determine whether the market in questions possess the minimum requirements or even potential opportunities that would allow Rio Digital Oy, a Finnish digital agency, to successfully expand their business there. This thesis was commissioned by Rio Digital Oy, a Vantaa-based firm, as they intended to know learn more about the Brazilian market. This study was carried out in order to provide them with reliable and accurate background information which would aid Rio Digital in their decision-making process regarding company's expansion to Brazil. Methodology used was qualitative research due to the exploratory nature of this work as it intended to uncover trends and provide insights. Data was collected from governmental websites and official organizations as well as interviews with key persons active in Brazil. Theoretical basis for this research lies in PESTEL Analysis for the macro-level analysis where factors such as economic, political, and legal environment and national culture were analyzed. The empirical part of this research consists of the micro-level analysis which investigated the Brazilian digital marketing market and its main players and trends through interviews and analyze of specialized reports. The findings indicates that Brazil offers reasonable overall conditions such as economic and political stability that would justify the market entry. Also the country's IT rapid growth fueled by an emerging population with increasing purchase power poses a great opportunity for digital agencies such as Rio Digital Oy. In addition to that, this study concludes that the biggest opportunities to be seized by Rio Digital Oy are in the area of mobile application development and big data analysis. Information about the commissioner company considered sensitive has been edited out in this version.
Feasibility of Opening a Vegetarian Restaurant in Varkaus
Electrical machines' market in Russia
The handbook for focus group research
Marketing in Germany: A market research for a start-up business of cake making/decorating business in Frankfurt
Market analysis and business opportunity evaluation of entering Chinese medical waste treatment industry
Options for the Finnish FM/AEC software packages for market entry in the U.S
Market Research and Market Entry Challenges of Finnish Companies in Turkey : A comparison of technology-centric and product-centric approaches
Chinese target market research for virtual reality technology  in education field
The analysis of Huawei’s trend in Finland: case Huawei mobile phone
Tiivistelmä: Tekokukka-markkinat Euroopassa, case Priss and Peach co., Ltd..
Research on markets in Russia via Internet : case study: Market research services in St. Petersburg
Marketing Research and Entry Mode Suggestions, Case Turijobs Tourism Services S.L.
Essentials of marketing research
Market research
A Market Research Study for Establishing an African Restaurant in Vaasa
An investigation of market research related to student practical training for SME’s : (Project of Jolly Dragon)
The Opportunities of Pedi-Scoliometer in Germany
The role of market intelligence in foreign market entry decision-making : case study in a multinational industrial service company
Market research for new product development : case Emfit Ltd
A Market Research of baler twine and net wrap in Poland
A Market Analysis on the Global Boating Industry
Product development and international team managemen : case: European Project Semester, The Visual Demo Kit
The purpose of the thesis was to conduct a market research for specific areas within Europe for an Oulu based company called Mypose. The commissioner’s product is a social media marketing tool “Mypose camera” and they were planning to get the device to the international markets. Preliminary market research was conducted about seven areas from which the two most potential ones are more carefully examined in this thesis. The thesis was aiming to give detailed information about the two most potential future markets for Mypose. As a result, Mypose got a close description of the two most potential operating environments, possible competitors and potential customers. A list of possible customers from the two areas was also conducted and handed for Mypose for further contacting.
Market research of London and Mallorca : commissioning company: Mypose
Abstract: Market opportunities for ivk-tuote in Murmansk region.
Market analysis of Spanish real estate market in Costa Blanca area
Marketing: Market Research For A Start-Up Business – A Basketball Style Coffeehouse
The aim of study was to investigate the petroleum companies in Iran and research the prospects, current security issues and some operational suggestions for Abloy Oy in the focused market. The qualitative method was utilized to obtain first-hand and in-depth primary information through online interviews and phone calls. The results showed that national Iranian oil companies are the main actors in the market while using mostly human based security personnel and not much of automatized systems, thus creating an opportunity for Abloy Oy to expand and develop its market share. However, the complicated culture of the public sector in Iran could create some barrier to cooperation, making it essential for Abloy Oy to use the assistance of a local, competent, and experienced agent to make this potential and profitable market accessible.
HELP TOOLS AND INVESTMENT POTENTIALS OF WHEAT BUSINESS IN GHANA. CASE STUDY: OLAM,GHANA
Vietnamese Functional Food Market Research : case study: Raisio Benecol & the Vietnamese Cardiovascular Health Market
Estonian lubricant market : macro and competitive environment analysis for Neste Oil
Market research for power generating unit modernization solution
Factors influencing a life insurance market : Estonia as an example
Marketing research : applications and problems
The market opportunities for B.L.I/D.B.P in Finland : a preliminary study about the optical stores and their customers in Finland
Internationalization of software companies : case: Le Sphinx
Understanding Polish training market and business culture
Artificial flower market in Europe : case Priss and Peach co., Ltd
Towards a competitive private label strategy : a comparative analysis of the Swedish and UK dairy markets
Market research of window units and doors industry in Russia
Situational analysis as a business planning tool : application to The Coffee Company
Enhancing market orientation in new product development through programmatic customer visits : an evaluation of customer visits program in a mobile communications company
Market research on the Finnish pot-plan market
Rio Digital's expansion to Brazil : a multi-level analysis of the Brazilian market
Business plan Around Lithuania Tours
International Graduates Journey to Finnish Job Market : The Challenges International Graduates Face In Finnish Job Market
A Marketing Analysis of Jiangling Motors Co., Ltd., China
Developing a marketing plan for Germany : case Galaxo Ltd
Marketing research for managers
More hotels? : a guide to accommodation market surveys
Market analysis of Southern China : Why Finnair failed in Guangzhou and what should be learned
Marketing InnoConnections (Finnish consulting company) to Berlin, German Market : developing business relationships with companies in Berlin
Market opportunity analysis
Readymade ice cubes in Finland
Marketing research : tools & techniques
Innovation : managing the development of profitable new products
The business potential of live communication in the European Union : a market analysis of the European Union’s outsourced event and communication actions
Marker : Marketindex Group newsletter
Business plan 2012-2016 : case company: X Group
Developing a marketing plan for Germany : Case Galaxo Ltd.
Market research : head counting becomes big business
Business plan : case The Oasis
A comparison of key marketing operations in Finland and in France : AMV-Trading & Tekoset
E-learning services in higher educational institutions in Finland Case Babahh Education –service
Healthcare market research : tools and techniques for analyzing and understanding today's healthcare environment
A tool for organizations to quickly assess growth potential in foreign markets : Internationalization and the HS code
The commissioner of this thesis is ABB Marine. ABB Marine is located in Finland and produces and delivers diesel-electric systems and propulsion for different kind of ship types worldwide. ABB Marine is part of ABB group. ABB Marine`s main product is Azipod® azimuth thruster. ABB Marine also operates as total system supplier which means that ABB Marine is able to deliver the whole diesel-electric systems for a ship in addition to the Azipod and shaft line propulsion. The purpose of this market surveys is to support current and future business strategies in naval segment. Thesis focuses on the most important NAVY-segment shipyards in Europe and in North America. Surveys covers Navy and Coast Guard offshore markets and other interesting future projects in naval and coast guard segments. The survey was carried out with interviews, document-analyses and different kind of research from governmental and other official shipyard homepages. Market intelligence gathered proves that several countries are renewing their naval fleets despite the recent economic downfall. Especially the offshore market will continue to grow strongly in the future. This is result of the new type of mission requirements and also the recent environmental changes in the Artic.
Entering Chinese market for Finnish fashion jewellery company : case: Ninja Finland Oy
Market analysis on Swedish software markets for infoBoard Europe GmBH
Business analytics for sales and marketing managers : how to compete in the information age
Hotel pricing in a social world : driving value in the digital economy
Study of customer motivation in large projects to purchase power supplies from an E-shop : case of Elcon Solutions Oy
The proper market entry modes to enter Saudi Arabia : case: Oy Soft Protector Ltd
Online panel research : a data quality perspective
Maintenance platforms of stainless steel
The marketing research on potential outbound tourists in Shanghai to travel in the Kuopio region
Market research handbook : measurement, approach and practice
Marketing research
Marketing research with SPSS
Customer satisfaction survey for OVV-Tampere
In the age of globalization and internationalization it becomes more and more important for companies to enter new markets. Therefore, Finnish company Galaxo Ltd. located in Oulu, Finland intends to enter the German market and distribute its energy management system there. The purpose of this thesis was to prepare a marketing plan in order to provide useful information about the German market for the case company. Furthermore, there was a need for recommendations as the Finnish firm was not familiar with foreign markets, yet. The idea of this thesis topic was developed by the author with the support of Galaxo Ltd. Moreover, the first part of the marketing plan consists of analyses such as competitors’ analysis, stakeholder analysis, PESTEL analysis and SWOT analysis. These chapters are followed by marketing strategy which includes segmentation, targeting, positioning, mission statement and competitive strategy. Moreover, the company ́s objectives were outlined and the marketing mix, consisting of the 4 Ps: product, place, price, place and promotion, was suggested. The background knowledge for this thesis was provided by lectures of courses at Oulu University of Applied Sciences such as marketing, intercultural skills and international business strategy. Moreover, this basis was extended by books, articles and websites that offer in depth information regarding marketing issues as well as topics related to Germany. In addition, meetings with Hannes Huotari, CEO at Galaxo Ltd., and Anu Toljamo, sales manager at Galaxo Ltd., were organized. In addition, there was also e-mail contact with these representatives. Consequently, the case company was provided with the results of the marketing plan during the whole thesis process. The next step for Galaxo Ltd. is to apply the given information and recommendations and enter the German market. Therefore, the target group needs to become aware of the case company and their product Infochannel, which could be reached by implementing presentations and questionnaires for the potential customers, universities in the southern part of Germany.
Karibu East Africa Safaris Market Entry Strategy : Market Entry Strategy
