http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1322 theoretical philosophy
theoretical philosophy
Kant's doctrine of transcendental illusion
Moderate nominalism and moderate realism
Hume's scepticism and realism : his two profound arguments against the senses in an enquiry concerning human understanding
An introduction to philosophy of history
Glaube und Vernunft = faith and reason
Eino Kaila and logical empiricism
Kant's transcendental proof of realism
Intentional objects : a study of mental and verbal reference
The body in the mind : the bodily basis of meaning, imagination, and reason
Judith Butler : live theory
Film and ethics : foreclosed encounters
Interpreting Kant's critiques
Against architecture : the writings of Georges Bataille
A history of nursing ideas
Ecological understanding : the nature of theory and the theory of nature
Intentionality and intersubjectivity
Critique of pure reason
Organisational transformation for sustainability : an integral metatheory
Deflating selection : on the interpretation and application of evolutionary theory
Introspecting representations
The passions of the soul
Explanation and understanding
Kant's critique of reason denied knowledge in order to make room for faith. Animated above all by F. H. Jacobi, the relationship of faith to reason is renewed as a central theme in post-Kantian philosophy. At stake are questions of whether faith can be the foundation of knowledge; whether faith marks the bounds of reason; and whether reason, posited absolutely, supersedes faith. The contributions to volume 7 of the Internationales Jahrbuch des Deutschen Idealismus / International Yearbook of German Idealism investigate from various perspectives the complex relation of faith to reason in post-Kantian philosophy and philosophy of religion.
Bourdieu in international relations : rethinking key concepts in IR
Knocking on heaven's door : how physics and scientific thinking illuminate the universe and the modern world
What is truth?
Perception in Kant's model of experience
Questions about answers
Semantic games in logic and language
Theoretical philosophy, 1755-1770
The critical theory of Jürgen Habermas
Idealism and freedom : essays on Kant's theoretical and practical philosophy
Discovering design : explorations in design studies
Nursing theorists and their work
An introductory guide to the work of Judith Butler, a major contemporary theorist, this title includes a new interview with Butler. "Judith Butler: Live Theory" is an invaluable introduction to the work of this key contemporary theorist, guiding the student through the most complex ideas of one of the most influential thinkers in contemporary culture. Concise, accessible and comprehensive, the book explores and illuminates Butler's important and ongoing contributions to gender theory, offers new insights into the central themes of her work, and considers the extent of her impact on how the discipline of gender studies has been shaped. In particular, the book considers Butler's intellectual work in relation to issues of sexuality and performance, identity and politics, language and power - themes central to Butler's thought and writing. Vicki Kirby locates Butler in the context of contemporary theorists and thinkers and the book includes a new interview with Butler herself, in which she discusses the key themes in her work as well as future writing plans. Offering a stimulating and clear account of the work and thought of this inspiring figure, "Judith Butler: Live Theory" is a key resource for anyone studying this pioneering thinker within the context of sociology, cultural studies, literary criticism, feminism and philosophy.
Theoretical philosophy after 1781
