http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13207 searching
searching
The last secret of the temple
The broken king
Discusting Dave : and the bucketful of vomit
Development plan for European Sport Services Ltd.
The opposite house
The buried giant : a novel
This is the first novel by the author of "Immortality", which won "The Independent" Award for Foreign Fiction in 1991. Milan Kundera is also the author of "The Book of Laughter and Fogetting".
The waking fire
The hunters
The metal detecting bible : helpful tips, expert tricks and insider secrets for finding hidden treasures
Lost city of the templars
I am Pilgrim : a thriller
Pirate Small in big trouble
A certain smile
Smiley search-and-find book
The lost army of Cambyses
Nate the Great and the Halloween hunt
Lost world
Gallaydii nasiibka lahayd = The lucky grain of corn
Throughout the vast lands controlled by the Ironship Syndicate, nothing is more prized than the blood of drakes. Harvested from the veins of captive or hunted Reds, Green, Blues and Blacks, it can be distilled into elixirs that give fearsome powers to the rare men and women who have the ability harness them - known as the blood-blessed. But not many know the truth: that the lines of drakes are weakening. If they fail, war with the neighboring Corvantine Empire will follow swiftly. The Syndicate's last hope resides in whispers of the existence of another breed of drake, far more powerful than the rest, and the few who have been chosen by fate to seek it. Claydon Torcreek is a petty thief and an unregistered blood-blessed, who finds himself pressed into service by the protectorate and sent to wild, uncharted territories in search of a creature he believes is little more than legend. Lizanne Lethridge is a formidable spy and assassin, facing gravest danger on an espionage mission deep into the heart of enemy territory. And Corrick Hilemore is the second lieutenant of an ironship, whose pursuit of ruthless brigands leads him to a far greater threat at the edge of the world. As lives and empires clash and intertwine, as the unknown and the known collide, all three must fight to turn the tide of a coming war, or drown in its wake.
The marriage pact
Bad break
Moomin's peekaboo adventure : a lift-and-find book
It started with a kiss
Known for his sadistic medical experiments on Jewish prisoners at Mauthausen concentration camp, Dr Aribert Heim disappeared ahead of his imminent arrest for his crimes in 1962. This is the dramatic story of how a clandestine organization comprised of Vietnam war veterans and former secret agents plotted to assassinate him.
Soul mates : magical and mysterious ways to find true love
The complete zero line chronicles : incite, feed, reap
Modern romance
Gryph : the feathered fiend
The abyss
Killing Dr Death : the amazing true story of the death squad that tracked down and killed a Nazi war criminal
The Ballroom Café
The black notebook
Nightspell
The porcupine of truth
The moon and the sun
I want my hat back
The bone thief
The case of the missing boyfriend
The alchemist
Ruin and rising
Sky key : an Endgame novel
The great Easter egg hunt
The eye of the tiger
The broken bridge
A bloody storm
Watership Down
The power of Henry's imagination
Joining forces with Israeli cop Arieh Ben-Roi, Egyptian detective Yusuf Khalifa investigates the discovery of a body at an isolated archaeological site, a death he connects with a murdered Israeli, which ultimately leads to an enigma dating back to 70 A.D.
Bright young things
Can you see what I see? : Seymour and the juice box boat
Mr Tumble's search and say
Red templar
The Calling
Graceling
Seeking Allah, finding Jesus : a devout Muslim encounters Christianity
Eight years ago, Tess and Jake were considered a power couple of the New York publishing world--happy, in love, planning a family. Failed fertility treatments and a heartbreaking attempt at adoption have fractured their marriage and left Tess edgy and adrift. A visit to friends in rural Vermont throws Tess's world into further chaos when she sees a young, half-dressed child in the middle of the road, who then runs into the woods like a frightened deer. The entire town begins searching for the little girl. But there are no sightings, no other witnesses, no reports of missing children. As local police and Jake point out, Tess's imagination has played her false before. And yet Tess is compelled to keep looking, not only to save the little girl she can't forget but to salvage her broken heart as well.
The last original wife : a novel
City of blades
Moomin's lift-the-flap : hide and seek
The talisman
The stolen child : a novel
Daisy and the Beastie
Resident evil VII : biohazard : Xbox One
Portrays a young Irish Catholic's family experiences, political views, and poetic inspirations.
The ivory grin
Return to sender
The machinery
Oh Calamity!
The invaders
Love matters most
Lucy Anna and the finders
Lost everything
Let's find Mimi at home
Playing dead
A portrait of the artist as a young man
The Rosie project : a novel
The Snow Tourist
The wolf road
The geography of genius : a search for the world's most creative places from ancient Athens to Silicon Valley
The quiet girl
The great escape
The trouble with goats and sheep
Count with Maisy, cheep, cheep, cheep!
Where's my mummy?
The missing link
The Christie curse
Mouse and the moon
Kafka on the shore
Trouble makes a comeback
A magical white jade stone and a map inscribed in bone that may be the key to an even greater mystery--this is the treasure Bren and Mouse have found buried on the Vanishing Island. Mouse is determined to follow the map to a place called the Dragon's Gate, convinced it will explain who she really is and the powers she possesses. Bren has had enough adventure for one lifetime and would like nothing more than to return to his father in Map. But nothing goes according to plan when the survivors of the Albatross are rescued by Lady Jean Barrett, a charismatic archaeologist with a sense of destiny. Barrett is on a quest for the Eight Immortals, ancient artifacts she believes are buried in the tomb of China's first emperor--the location of which has been hidden for nearly two thousand years. The only way for Bren, Mouse, and Barrett to all get what they want is to work together on a dangerous journey into the heart of China, a kingdom long closed to outsiders, where the greatest secrets about Mouse and Bren are waiting to be unveiled / WorldCat.
Countdown city
A woman loved
Where I lost her
Okko : the sand monster
Missing reels : a novel
The map of lost memories : a novel
Endocannabinoid hydrolyzing enzymes : molecular modelling and computer-aided inhibitor discovery
Red River stallion
Fifty years of ore exploration in Greenland by Kryolitselskabet Öresund A/S, a memoir
Personal : [A Jack Reacher thriller]
The terrestrial planet finder (TPF) : a NASA Origins Program to search for habitable planets
Time in
Where, oh where, is Rosie's chick?
And the mountains echoed
Map of the diamond drilling sites, Central Lapland
The Sayers Swindle
Where's the starfish?
The quiet invasion
Where's the Wookiee?
Saurex : the silent creeper
Resident evil 7 : biohazard : PS4
The thin executioner
How to look for a lost dog
Spatial data analysis as a tool for mineral prospectivity mapping
40 days of dating
The book of doubt :  a novel
After Alice
Hand me down world
Derrick Storm is back - this time with a crack team of ghost CIA operatives. These former agents have all faked their own deaths and now work for the CIA on a strictly secret basis, taking on dangerous and illegal jobs the agency may not officially carry out. They're headed to the Molguzar Mountains to look for sixty billion dollars' worth of gold hidden by the KGB before the collapse of the Soviet Union, and taking a perilous detour to rescue FBI agent April Showers from a sociopathic torturer.
The wind is not a river
The star egg : a comic
Falling out of cars
Lost legacy : The starship
Darth Bane : dynasty of evil : a novel of the old republic
Are you my mother?
The princess and the packet of frozen peas
Treasure trove where to find the great lost treasures of the world
The Republic of Uzupis
The hobbit
Butcher's trail : how the search for Balkan war criminals became the world's most successful manhunt
The acclaimed comedian teams up with a New York University sociologist to explore the nature of modern relationships, evaluating how technology is shaping contemporary relationships and considering the differences between courtships of the past and present.
A want so wicked
Inferno
The conjuror's bird
Thoron : the living storm
Manuscript found in Accra
Electrical prospecting for ore deposits in the Baltic Shield. Part 2, Electromagnetic methods
Lowly worm meets the early bird
Dead man's chest
Karixa : the diamond warrior
Lost at sea
Paper towns
The marriage charm
Merrow
Catch the cuddle
The city of Voortyashtan was once the home of the goddess of death, war and destruction, but now it's little more than a ruin. General Turyin Mulaghesh is called out of retirement and sent to this hellish place to find a Saypuri secret agent who's gone AWOL in the middle of a mission. But the ghosts of past wars have followed her there, and soon she begins to wonder what happened to the souls in the afterlife when the gods were defeated by her people, the Polis. Do the dead sleep soundly in the land of death? Or do they have plans of their own?
The dragon's gate
Too much happiness
The mouse who sailed the seas
Novel technologies for greenfield exploration. Mineral exploration and mapping within thick glacial overburden, peatlands and different conservation areas is demanding, sensitive and expensive. The best practices for mineral exploration (techniques and concepts) from cost and environmental perspectives have been developed in the project 'Novel technologies for greenfield exploration' funded by Finnish Funding Agency for Innovation (Tekes). Essential exploration techniques include the concurrent use of geological, geochemical and geophysical surveys. These techniques allow the location and thorough investigation of the geological processes responsible for mineral deposits and indications of ore-forming processes, or in suitable conditions, the direct identification of mineral deposits. The efficiency and success of exploration require not only high quality data processing and interpretation, but also the consideration of environmental aspects, which are particularly important in sensitive northern, sub-Arctic areas. The results and methodological advances arising from this project could particularly serve companies and organizations conducting grass root mineral exploration in a regional scale. The techniques can also be adopted in target-scale exploration.
Blood of the earth
City of bones
When Simon's little sister is snatched away to a dark other world, he is sent by a golden messenger on a quest to get her back. With him is Flora, whose brother has also vanished, and a strange boy who rescues them from a violent attack, but to enter the land of the Broken King, they must first complete three tasks. The Darkening Path trilogy is a thrilling fantasy adventure that takes its cue from Browning’s poem ‘Childe Roland to the Dark Tower came.’
The piano man project
Manuscript found In Accra
Novel technologies for greenfield exploration
Army of one
Juliet takes a breath : a Gabby Rivera novel
The king's shadow
The lost island
Treasure hunt
Incidents in the night. Book one
Son of a witch : a novel
The line between here and gone
Where's my mum?
El niño. Book 1 : The passenger
Enduring whispers about her absent mother's alleged merrow origins after her father drowns, twelve-year-old Neen questions her identity as she becomes increasingly torn between the worlds of the sea and her island home / WorldCat.
The shadow of the wind : a novel
Since the Damn Stupid turned the clock back on civilization by centuries, the world has been a harsher place. But Elka has learned everything she needs to survive from the man she calls Trapper, the solitary hunter who took her in when she was just seven years old. So when Elka sees the Wanted poster in town, her simple existence is shattered. Her Trapper – Kreagar Hallet – is wanted for murder. Even worse, Magistrate Lyon is hot on his trail, and she wants to talk to Elka.
One is not a pair? : a spotting book
