http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1327 nebulae
nebulae
Observations and radiative transfer modelling of clumpy molecular clouds
The physics of the interstellar medium
The universe explained to my grandchildren
Stars and stellar systems : compendium of astronomy and astrophysics. 7, Nebulae and interstellar matter
The cosmic gallery
Fresh views of elliptical galaxies : proceedings of the INAOE International Meeting held in Pueblo, Mexico, 14-17 March 1995
Astrophysics : nuclear transformations, stellar interiors, and nebulae
Stars and stellar systems : compendium of astronomy and astrophysics. 7, Nebulae and interstellar matter : edited by Barbara M. Middlehurst and Lawrence H. Aller
A study of the [eta] Carinae region
Comprehending and decoding the cosmos : discovering solutions to over s dozen cosmic mysteries by utilizing dark matter relationism, cosmology and astrophysics
Asymmetrical planetary nebulae II : from origins to microstructures : proceedings of a conference held at Massachusetts, USA, 3-6 August 1999
"This book brings together the finest collection available of star clusters, galaxies, nebulae and other such spectacular phenomena caught on film. Each beautiful image, made from a series of delicate yet rich platinum prints, is accompanied by a clear and engaging caption. Malin's short texts (approximately 100 words) describe the depicted phenomena and some of the mythology surrounding them. The book is divided into nine sections, using the constellations as a framework to identify the positions of the images in the sky. Each section is introduced by a short text describing the featured constellations and a celestial map. In his introductory essay, Malin outlines the history and importance of photographing the night sky, describing how very long exposures taken with a telescope reveal stars and distant galaxies too faint to be seen by the eye. By studying galaxies, we learn about our origins and perhaps our destiny and, the origins of the ingredients of life and the destinies of stars like the Sun and the planets associated with them. Much of our current knowledge on these subjects was gleaned from black and white photographs like those in this book, which were originally taken for scientific purposes. Using the world's most sophisticated telescopes and his own revolutionary techniques, Malin brings us awe-inspiring images of distant worlds and amazing phenomena. He is a pioneer of space photography and has invented new ways of capturing the unseen universe on photographic plates, leading to the discovery of two new types of galaxies. His photographs capture light that has traveled immense distances, sometimes thousands of light years, to reach us."
Atoms, stars and nebulae
The cosmic gallery : the most beautiful images of the universe
Ancient light : a portrait of the universe
The sun and stars
Two views on interstellar dust : near-infrared scattering and polarized thermal dust emission
