http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13211 reuse
reuse
"Not ugly" : system approach for sustainable fashion design
Ecological recycling agriculture : guidelines for farmers and advisors. Vol. 3, Marketing guidelines
Junk chic
Conversion of traditional buildings : application of the Scottish building standards. Part 2, Application
Feedstock recycling of plastic wastes
This book focuses on environmental engineering, and on wastewater treatment and reuse in particular, which is a vital aspect for countries and regions suffering from water shortages. It introduces a new water cycle management concept for designing water systems that mimic the hydrological cycle, where reclaimed water is produced, stored/regulated, supplied and used in a semi-natural manner so that its self-purification capacity and system efficiency can be maximized. To ensure safe water throughout the cycle, emphasis is placed on the control of ecological and pathogenic risks using a series of quality indices associated with bioassays and molecular biological analyses, as well as risk assessments focusing on protecting the environment and human health. Together with theoretical and technological discussions, a real case of a district water system for maximizing water circulation and reuse by means of a sophisticated water cycle is presented. This book introduces readers to essential new concepts and practices and illustrates the future perspectives offered by a new paradigm for design and safety control in the context of wastewater reuse systems.
Extra ordinary : an amusing guide for unleashing your creativity
Reusing the industrial past by the Tammerkoski rapids : discussions on the value of industrial heritage
The complexity of mobile phone recycling : developing user-centered design guidelines and future concepts for mobile phone collection
Intelligent device driver design for wireless local area networking
Photo art : 35 ways to use old and new photographs
Water consumption and wastewaters in fresh-cut vegetable production
Improving component reuse in software development
DIY mason jars : thirty-five creative crafts & Projects for the classic container
Reclaim, remediate, reuse, recycle
Abstract.
The disassembly line : balancing and modeling
Utopia : can we achieve it?
Look what you can make with boxes : [over 90 pictured crafts and dozens of other ideas]
The public chance : nuevos paisajes urbanos = new urban landscapes
Water cycle management : a new paradigm of wastewater reuse and safety control
Use and integration of third-party components in software development
Toolkit reducing the food wastage footprint
Sustainable preservation : greening existing buildings
Reborn buildings
Reconstruction or new construction of medieval castles in the 19th century = Reconstruction ou nouvelle construction des châteaux-forts dans le 19éme siècle
Mass and energy balance of ammonia recovery plant
Recycling in textiles
Re-use of peat production areas : proceedings of the International Seminar, Oulu, Finland, 19-20 June 2000
Tallinn's Seaplane hangar : from plane shed to museum
Emission control of two off-road diesel engines using EGR and DPF methods
Environmental impacts of traditional and innovative forest-based bioproducts
DIY wardrobe makeovers : alter, refresh & refashion your clothes : step-by-step sewing tutorials
Using Java Swing in practise : DELTA installer case
Architecture reborn : the conversion and reconstruction of old buildings
99 ways to cut, sew, tie & rock your scarf
Religious space in Reformation England : contesting the past
Alternation : transform, embellish, customize
Reconstructing clothes for dummies
One person's trash can be another person's treasure: redesigning used objects
Reuse and recycling of food packaging : odour related aspects of the use and misuse of PET beverage bottles
Benny's a champion!
Waste and recycling
The re-use of large European military complexes in the list of redundancies = La réutilisation des grandes forteresses européennes desafectées militaire des voies navigables
The measuring and valuation of variable costs in paper industry : Case Stora Enso Oyj
Design Museum in the middle of the city
Industrial heritage re-tooled : the TICCIH guide to industrial heritage conservation
Municipal wastewater management in developing countries : principles and engineering
Upcycled chic and modern hacks : thrifty ways for stylish homes
New uses for old laces
Alchemy arts : recycling is chic
The joy of junk
Journey of jerrycan : sustainable local product design development for SMEs designers : a case study from Kampala, Uganda
Conversion of traditional buildings : application of the Scottish building standards. Part 1, Principles and Practice
Creative re-use of buildings. Vol. 2, Building types : selected examples
Wastewater reuse : risk assessment, decision-making and environmental security
Silicon-containing species in used lube oil re-refining
Role of service and data reuse in enterprises
DIY T-shirt crafts : from braided bracelets to floor pillows, 50 unexpected ways to recycle your old t-shirts
Ecological recycling agriculture : guidelines for farmers and advisors. Vol. 2, Economic guidelines
Controlled water use is an important component of sustainable fresh-cut vegetable production because of limited water resources, and also for controlling the quality of wastewater re-used in vegetable processing or for irrigating on fields. In our study the water consumption in vegetable processing plants varied from 1.5 to 5.0 m3 t-1 of finished product. In one plant, monitored over three years, almost 90% of water was used for washing and rinsing of vegetables, but more than 90% of the organic load of the wastewater was generated from the processing stage. The results including organic load and the microbial quality of the wastewaters showed that the wastewater should be treated beforere-use.Separate treating of wastewaters from processing stage is recommended.  Pre-treatment of wastewater using precipitation chemicals and sedimentation in basins decreased the organic load and total solids in the water, allowing further treatment of the waters.
Waste engine oils : rerefining and energy recovery
Patterns from finished clothes : re-creating the clothes you love
Decentralised sanitation and reuse : concepts, systems and implementation
Novel living : collecting, decorating, and crafting with books
Optimal practices in the afforestation of cutaway peatlands : how to successfully establish a forest resource on industrial cutaway peatlands
How to build your own engine coffee table
Water reuse : issues, technologies, and applications
Model component reuse : conceptual foundations and application in the metamodeling-based systems analysis and design environment
Lofts & apartments in NYC
Handmade home : simple ways to repurpose old materials into new family treasures
Re-use architecture
Peatland restoration & reclamation : techniques and regulatory considerations
Crafts for styling your wardrobe
Remake it : clothes : the essential guide to resourceful fashion with over 500 tricks, tips and inspirational designs
Born-again vintage : 25 ways to deconstruct, reinvent, recycle your wardrobe
Life cycle thinking in the design for environment aware work machines
Reusable digital learning material production
Upcycled jewelry, bags, belts, and more : 35 beautiful projects made from recycled materials
New network paradigms for future multihop cellular systems
Ecological recycling agriculture : guidelines for farmers and advisors. Vol. 4, Farm examples
Ecological recycling agriculture : guidelines for farmers and advisors. Vol. 1, Farming guidelines
Altered books workshop : 18 creative techniques for self-expression
The new old : a post fashion consumption practice
Creative re-use of buildings. Vol. 1, Principles and practice
Paper recycling challenge. 3, Process technology
Recovery of ionic liquids from lignocellulosic samples
Processing Take-Back Computers
Ordinary made extraordinary : 24 things to make using everyday stuff
Process development for prototype circulation during product development -phase
Recyclability information for electronic equipment : a case study of a PC monitor and a system unit
Advances in paper recycling : new technology and marketing trends
Costuming made easy : how to make theatrical costumes from cast-off clothing
Recycled chic
Second-hand cultures
Wastewater engineering : treatment and reuse
Sew over it : sew it, wear it, love it
Summary.
Small lofts
James Strike explains the strategies for producing new development at historic sites, examining the philosophy of conservation practive and stressing the importance of taking into account the characteristics of each individual site.
Industrial buildings : conservation and regeneration
Waste management and the green economy : law and policy
Tertiary treatment and re-use of kraft pulp mill effluent
Playing with books : the art of upcyckling, deconstructing & reimagining the book
RE/architecture : old buildings/new uses
The Colossus of Battersea : a report by SAVE Britain's Heritage
Second-time cool : the art of chopping up a sweater
The wealth of waste : the economics of wastewater use in agriculture
Bazaar style : decorating with market and vintage style
Art and design community centre in Katajanokka : the design project of the re-use of Katajanokka prison
Bazaar style : decorating with market and vintage finds
Extrusion blow molding
Reverse logistics systems : an interorganisational perspective, focusing on paper recycling
Lofts
Make it! : don't throw it away - create something amazing!
Eco-friendly knits : using recycled plastic bags
The tradition of the use of the monument : case study Suomenlinna
Recycling construction & demolition waste : a LEED-based toolkit
Rehabilitation, an alternative for historic industrial buildings
Refuse : good everyday design from reused and recycled materials : the ninth Arango International Design Exhibition: refuse - good everyday design from reused and recycled material
De Re Industriae 2000 : Finland, Spain, Greece
Reuse in the ADSEES development process
Architecture in conservation : managing development at historic sites
Sustainable fashion and textiles : design journeys
Examining the current literature, research, and relevant case studies, presented by a team of international experts, the Urban Water Reuse Handbook discusses the pros and cons of water reuse and explores new and alternative methods for obtaining a sustainable water supply. The book defines water reuse guidelines, describes the historical and current development of water reuse, and includes previously implemented methodologies and practices relevant to urban wastewater treatment. It considers the sustainability of water resources and supply systems in both urban and rural areas. The book discusses the advantages of water reuse (reduced water consumption, cost-savings, a secure groundwater replenishment source, and a long-term water supply) and outlines the disadvantages (a build-up of chemical pollutants in the soil, the probable contamination of groundwater attributed to reclaimed water, and possible human health risks related to the presence of viruses and bacteria). It also proposes ethical and cultural considerations, discusses the economic and environmental performance of water systems relevant to water reuse, and outlines associated methods and strategies that can address problems of water scarcity. In addition, this handbook addresses: Constructed wetlands in surrounding urban areas; Water reuse in specific regions, coastal areas, cold regions, arid zones; Application of wastewater for hydroelectric power generation; Traditional systems of water reuse; Combining harvesting systems and water reuse structures; Warning systems for wastewater access control; Public participation and implementation issues; Groundwater recharge by unconventional water; Urban water reuse policy.
Software reuse assessment of telecommunication service assurance domain
Cities on rails : the redevelopment of railway station areas
Biotechnology for agro-industrial residues utilisation : utilisation of agro-residues
Old buildings looking for new use : 61 examples of regional architecture between tradition and modernity
Assembling and testing of laboratory scale grey water treatment system
Recycling historic railroad stations : a citizen's manual
Reverse logistics : quantitative models for closed-loop supply chains
Harriet Love's guide to vintage chic
Measuring software reuse : principles, practices, and economic models
Water reuse for irrigation : agriculture, landscapes, and turf grass
The kitchen ecosystem : integrating recipes to create delicious meals
Paper trails : from trees to trash - the true cost of paper
Implementation of a novel pigment recovery process for a paper mill
Recycling and reuse of glass cullet : proceedings of the International Symposium organised by the Concrete Technology Unit, University of Dundee and held at the University of Dundee, UK on 19-20 March 2001
Architectural considerations for the developing mobile consumer services
Developing reverse logistics : case: developing return and reuse process in case organization
Sock and glove : creating charming soft friends from cast-off socks and gloves
Hazardous materials in the histopathology laboratory : regulations, risks, handling and disposal
Safe Reuse of Urine: Screening of Stored Urine for Pharmaceuticals Using Chromatography
Thousands of prototypes are manufactured during one mobile device product development period. Prototypes are compulsory in order to create final product. During product development-phase prototypes are tested, studied and developed for final product. After testing or verification prototype is usually crushed and recycled. However, prototypes are costing money and with more effective prototype circulation, material and money can be saved. During product development, prototypes are also going through non-destructive tests and studies and it is investigated how to circulate those prototypes into another product development purposes within reasonable schedule. During development phase product prototype is verified to meet external and internal requirements. Prototypes are manufactured in smaller patches at first, but when moving closer to development phase end, manufacturing is moving into mass production and then prototype amounts are much higher. At the beginning of product development, there can be a gap between ordered and received prototype amounts, which can be a reflection of many items such as component availability and quality, prototype manufacturing issues or prototype immaturity. Because of smaller prototype patches at the beginning of product development, it would be beneficial to circulate suitable prototypes into following verification purposes inside product development. Developed process were piloted in actual product program development environment. Pilot period was 7 weeks. Pilot was done in one important product development organization. Piloted process result was clear and favoring agreed way of prototype circulation during product development?phase. While piloting process, couple of hundreds prototypes were able to circulate into next product development purpose after first primary activity. More prototypes were able to gain into verification areas and gap between ordered and received prototypescould be reduced. Calculations from economic and environmental perspective were made and savings were favoring prototype circulation process, even with lower circulation rates. Prototype amounts and prices as well as manufacturing costs are company confidential information, and those are not presented. Environmentally and economically it is smart to re-utilize tested, suitable and available prototypes instead of delivering prototypes into crushing and recycling.
Economies of recycling : the global transformation of materials, values and social relations
