http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1324 galaxies
galaxies
Star wars omnibus : A long time ago..... Volume 2
Collins stars & planets : [the most complete guide to the stars, planets, galaxies and solar system]
Foundation
Twilight imperium : Third edition
Physics of the galaxy and interstellar matter
The Kingfisher book of space
Galactic dynamics and N-body simulations : lectures held at the Astrophysics School VI, organized by the European Astrophysics Doctoral Network (EADN) in Thessaloniki, Greece, 13-23 July 1993
Supersymmetry vis-à-vis observation : dark matter constraints, global fits and statistical issues
The nearest active galaxies
Spiral structure in galaxies : a density wave theory
Star wars omnibus : A long time ago..... Volume 4
Astronomy : a self-teaching guide
The story of astronomy and space
Morphological and physical classification of galaxies : proceedings of the fifth International workshop of the osservatorio astronomico di Capodimonte held at the Sant'Agata sui due Golfi, Italy, September 3-7, 1990
"This book brings together the finest collection available of star clusters, galaxies, nebulae and other such spectacular phenomena caught on film. Each beautiful image, made from a series of delicate yet rich platinum prints, is accompanied by a clear and engaging caption. Malin's short texts (approximately 100 words) describe the depicted phenomena and some of the mythology surrounding them. The book is divided into nine sections, using the constellations as a framework to identify the positions of the images in the sky. Each section is introduced by a short text describing the featured constellations and a celestial map. In his introductory essay, Malin outlines the history and importance of photographing the night sky, describing how very long exposures taken with a telescope reveal stars and distant galaxies too faint to be seen by the eye. By studying galaxies, we learn about our origins and perhaps our destiny and, the origins of the ingredients of life and the destinies of stars like the Sun and the planets associated with them. Much of our current knowledge on these subjects was gleaned from black and white photographs like those in this book, which were originally taken for scientific purposes. Using the world's most sophisticated telescopes and his own revolutionary techniques, Malin brings us awe-inspiring images of distant worlds and amazing phenomena. He is a pioneer of space photography and has invented new ways of capturing the unseen universe on photographic plates, leading to the discovery of two new types of galaxies. His photographs capture light that has traveled immense distances, sometimes thousands of light years, to reach us."
Dynamics of the interstellar matter in galaxies : isolated barred spiral galaxies cloud formation processes
Clusters of galaxies : Proceedings of the Clusters of galaxies Meeting, Baltimore 1989 May 15-17
Chemical enrichment of intracluster and intergalactic medium : proceedings of a meeting held at Vulcano, Eolie, Italy, 14-18 May 2001
Stars and stellar systems : compendium of astronomy and astrophysics. 5, Galactic structure
Space encyclopedia
Galaxies and their constituents at the highest angular resolutions : IAU Symposium 205 : proceedings of the 24th General Assembly of the IAU held at Manchester, United Kingdom, 15-18 August 2000
How to build a universe : from the big bang to the end of the universe
The central parsecs of the galaxy : Galactic Center Workshop : proceedings of a meeting held at Tuscon, Arizona, USA, 7-11 September, 1998
Philip's astrophotography with Mark Thompson : essential guide to photographing the night sky
The evolution of galaxies on cosmological timescales : invited papers delivered at a Euroconference held at Puerto de la Cruz, Tenerife, Spain, 30 November - 5 December 1998
Understanding the formation and evolution of disc break features in galaxies
Abundance profiles : diagnostic tools for galaxy history : proceedings from a workshop held at Universié Laval, Quebec, Canada, 12-15 October 1997
Galactic astronomy
Infrared properties of galaxies and constraints on galaxy evolution
The Usborne big book of stars & planets
Glow in the dark stars and planets
Distance determinations to nearby galaxies
Galaxies : voyage through the Universe
Galaxies in the universe : an introduction
Study of the morphological features in the Spitzer Survey of Stellar Structure in Galaxies (S4G)
It is 498 years since the two Foundations came into existence - half-way through the Interregnum planned by Hari Seldon. The Second Foundation has once more successfully concealed its existence so that the laws of psychohistory can operate to usher in a new Empire ruled by the mental sciences. The Second Foundation is thought to be extinct...except by Councilman Golan Trevize. Trevize fears that the mysterious Second Foundation will bid for power once a new Galactic Empire is established. To prevent Trevize spreading alarm' the Mayor of Terminus exiles him to the abandoned ruins of Trantor. Accompanying Trevize is Janov Pelorat' Professor of Ancient History at the University of Terminus. Pelorat hopes to find on Trantor a clue to the location of the planet that gave birth to the human race. His belief in the existence of Earth is considered as far-fetched as Trevize's belief that the Second Foundation endures.
Stars over Europe
Barred galaxies and circumnuclear activity : proceedings of the Nobel Symposium 98 held at Stockholm Observatory, Saltsjöbaden, Sweden, 30 November - 3 December 1995
Computational galaxy formation
Darth Vader and the ninth assassin
Lego star wars : the complete saga : Xbox 360
The tidal and rotational effects on surface distortion of galaxy in galactic binary system
On the origin and evolution of blue compact galaxies
Stability of collisionless stellar systems : mechanisms for the dynamical structure of galaxies
Astronomy photographer of the year : [collection 1]
Unveiling the nature of blue compact galaxies
Physics of the gaseous and stellar disks of the galazxy : Proceedings of a workshop held in Nizhniy Arkhyz, Karachai-Cherkessia, Russia, 22-25 September 1993
Nonthermal, thermal and stellar components in active galaxies
Mass determination in galaxies : groups of galaxies and clusters of galaxies
Guardians of the galaxy : Cosmic Avengers
Star wars omnibus : At war with the empire. Volume 2
Eclipse : New dawn for the galaxy
Galaxy disks and disk galaxies : proceedings of a conference sponsored by The Vatican Observatory held at The Pontifical Gregorian University in Rome, Italy, 12-16 June 2000
Emission lines in active galaxies : new methods and techniques : IAU Colloquium 159, meeting held in Shanghai, People's Republic of China, 17-20 June 1996
The second Stromlo symposium : the nature of elliptical galaxies : proceedings of the symposium held at the Australian Academy of Science, Canberra, Australia, 26-30 August 1996
Mass effect : Xbox 360, Xbox Live
Formation and evolution of early-type galaxies
Proceedings of a workshop held October 16 - 19, 1996 at Ringberg Castle, Tegernsee, Germany : editors: R. Bender ... [et al.]
Where stars are born : kinematics and photometry of starburst and postburst galaxies
The stellar content of local group galaxies : proceedings of the 192nd Symposium of the International Astronomical Union held in Cape Town, South Africa, 7-11 September 1998
A study of possible chemical inhomogeneities of dwarf irregular galaxies and the influence on the Z-L relationship
Hyperion
Properties of galaxies and groups : nature versus nurture
Big Book Of Stars And Planets
Universe : a journey from Earth to the edge of the cosmos
Astronomy : 50 ideas you really need to know
Guardians of Knowhere
The Third Stromlo Symposium: The Galactic Halo : proceedings of a symposium held at Australian Academy of Science, Canberra, Australia, 17-21 August, 1998
Universe : journey into deep space
Environments of active galaxies
The Galactic Center : 4th ESO/CTIO Workshop, La Serena, Chile, 10-15 March 1996
Star Wars omnibus : Wild space. Volume 1
The young universe : galaxy formation and evolution at intermediate and high redshift : proceedings of a meeting held at Rome Astronomical Observatory, Monteporzio, 29 September - 3 October 1997
It's never too early to find out about... space
Guardians of the galaxy : best story ever
Prelude to Foundation
Barred galaxies : IAU Colloquium 157 : conference held at the University of Alabama, Tuscaloosa, Alabama, 30 May - 3 June 1995
Extinction studies of spiral galaxies
Warped disks and inclined rings around galaxies
Optical studies of BL lacertae objects
A study of blue low surface-brightness galaxies : surface photometry and spectroscopy
Universe : a journey from earth to the edge of the cosmos
Galaxies : structure and evolution
Disk-halo interactions in the spiral galaxies NGC 1808 and NGC 891
New views of the Magellanic Clouds : proceedings of the 190th Symposium of the International Astronomical Union held in Victoria, Canada, 12-17 July 1998
Mysteries of galaxy formation
"Molecular line emissions offer researchers exciting opportunities to learn about the evolutionary state of the Milky Way and distant galaxies. This text provides a detailed introduction to molecular astrophysics and an array of useful techniques for observing astronomical phenomena at millimetre and submillimetre wavelengths. After discussing the theoretical underpinnings of molecular observation, the authors catalogue suitable molecular tracers for many types of astronomical regions in local and distant parts of the Universe, including cold gas reservoirs primed for the formation of new stars, regions of active star formation, giant photon-dominated regions and near active galactic nuclei. Further chapters demonstrate how to obtain useful astronomical information from raw telescope data while providing recommendations for appropriate observing strategies. Replete with maps, charts and references for further reading, this handbook will suit research astronomers and graduate students interested in broadening their skill to take advantage of the new facilities now coming online"--Provided by publisher.
Signatures of secular evolution in disk galaxies
Structure and evolution of stellar systems : proceedings of the international conference, Petrozavodsk, Karelia, Russia, 13-17 August 1995
X-ray and weak lensing measurements of galaxy groups and clusters
Radial velocity measurements of late-type stars
Tidal generation of active spirals and SO galaxies by rich clusters
Mass effect. 3 : Xbox 360, Xbox Live
Ultimate Star Wars
Astronomy now : Helsinki
Professor Astro Cat's frontiers of space
Simple stargazing : a friendly handbook for viewing the universe
Oxford first book of space
Radio variability of active galactic nuclei : analysis of long-term multifrequency data
The puzzling nature of dwarf-sized gas poor disk galaxies
Paired and interacting galaxies : proceedings of a conference ... held at the University of Alabama at Tuscaloosa, December 4-7, 1989
Applications of the few body problem : orbital evolution of comets and groups of galaxies
Foundation and empire
Foundation and Empire is the story of first contact between the two Foundations of Hari Seldon. The Seldon Plan guided the First Foundation safely through two centuries of chaos as the Galactic Empire disintegrated. Seldon's recorded holographic image appeared in the Council Chamber on Terminus at moments of crisis predicted by pshychohistory, and his voice was heard. Even war between the Foundation and the remains of the Empire was foreseen - and planned for - by the great scientist.But Seldon had no way of predicting the birth of the Mule, a mutant of uncanny power and unlimited ambition. The Mule's conquests are effortless and his subjects mind-controlled slaves.The Foundation is powerless against the supernormal force the Mule exerts. The Seldon Plan is in tatters. Two men and a woman from Terminus flee to the ruins of might Trantor in an effort to discover where the mysterious Second Foundation was established. Its help is needed desperately against the mental powers of the Mule. But the Mule, using those same astonishing powers, is also looking for the Second Foundation.
Star wars omnibus : A long time ago..... Volume 5
The astronomy bible : the definitive guide to the night sky and the universe
Reviews in modern astronomy. 5, Variabilities in stars and galaxies
Philip's atlas of the universe
Galaxy dynamics : a Rutgers symposium : proceedings of a symposium held at Rutgers University, Piscataway, New Jersey, USA, 8-12 August 1998
Perturbed disc galaxies & N-body bars
The Milky Way as a galaxy : nineteenth advanced course of the Swiss society of astrophysics and astronomy
In this thesis we shed light on the formation and evolution of disk galaxies, which often host a stellar bar (about 2/3 of cases). In particular, we address the bar-driven secular evolution, that is, the steady redistribution of stellar and gaseous material through the disk induced by the bar torques and resonances. We characterize the mass distribution of the disks in the Spitzer Survey of Stellar Structure in Galaxies (S4G, Sheth et al. 2010) and study the properties of the different stellar structure components and the interplay between them. We use 3.6µm photometry for ~ 1300 face-on and moderately inclined disk galaxies to analyze the frequency, dimensions, orientations and shapes of stellar bars, spiral arms, rings, (ring)lenses, and barlenses (i.e. lens-like structures embedded in the bars). We calculate the strength of the bars in the S4G via ellipse fitting, Fourier decomposition of the galaxy images, and from the gravitational tangential-to-radial forces. We also estimate the stellar contribution to the circular velocity, allowing us to analyze the coupling between non-baryonic and stellar matter within the optical disk. We average stellar density profiles (1D), the disk(+bulge) component of the rotation curve, and stellar bars (2D) as a function of fundamental galaxy parameters. We complement the study with integral-field unit kinematic data from Seidel et al. (2015b) for a subsample of 16 S4G barred galaxies. We quantify the bar-induced perturbation strengths in the stellar and gaseous disk from the kinematics, and show that they agree with the estimates obtained from the images. We also use Hα Fabry-Perot observations from Erroz-Ferrer et al. (2015) for 29 S4G disk galaxies to study the inner slope of the rotation curves. We provide possible observational evidence for the growth of bars in a Hubble time. We demonstrate the role of bars causing the spreadingof the disk and the enhancement of the central stellar concentration. Our observations support the idea that Boxy/Peanut bulges in face-on perspective manifest as barlenses, that are often identfied in early-type galaxies hosting strong bars, and some of them also as inner lenses. We find that the amount of dark matter within the optical disk scales with the total stellar mass, as expected in the ΛCDM models. We also confirm that the observed inner velocity gradient is correlated with the central surface brightness, showing a strong connection between the inner shape of the potential well and the central stellar density. We show that disks and bars in early-type (T < 5 ≡ Sc) and late-type (T ≥ 5) disk galaxies, or alternatively in galaxies having total stellar masses greater or smaller than 1010M, are characterized by very distinct properties. Late-type disks are less centrally concentrated (many galaxies are bulge-less) and present a larger halo-to-stellar mass ratio, what probably affects the disk stability properties. The detection of bars in late-type galaxies is strongly dependent on the identification criteria. On average, bars in early-type spirals (T = 0 − 2) are longer (both in physical units and relative to the disk) and have larger density amplitudes than the intermediate-type spirals (T ≈ 5), and the bar lengths among the latest-types in the S4G are also larger. In comparison to earlier types, the bars in late-type systems show larger tangential-to-radial force ratios. This result holds even when the estimated dark halo effect is included.
Galaxies: interactions and induced star formation : Saas-Fee advanced course 26, lecture notes 1996, Swiss Society for Astrophysics and Astronomy
A thirty-minute game of galactic conquest, Tiny Epic Galaxies is driven by an exciting dice-rolling mechanism that rewards thoughtful programming of the results. Players control a home galaxy and a fleet of space ships. As players upgrade their galaxies, they gain access to more ships and more dice. Each turn, a player rolls a set of dice; how many dice are rolled is determined by the level of that player's galaxy. Each side of the six-sided die represents a different type of action: Movement, Colony Action, Harvest from Culture Planets, Harvest from Energy Planets, Improve an Economic Influence, and Improve a Diplomatic Influence
An introduction to active galactic nuclei
The cosmic gallery : the most beautiful images of the universe
Star Wars : The Old Republic. volume two : Threat of peace
Mass effect. 2 : Xbox 360, Xbox Live
Cosmological distances, dynamics, and distributions : a journey to H [sub O] and beyond via 6619 spiral galaxies
Panchromatic view of galaxies : their evolutionary puzzle : proceedings of the International Scientific Spring Meeting of the Astronomische Gesellschaft, March 8-12, 1993, Kiel, Germany
Beware the power of the dark side! : an original reterring of Star wars : return of jedi
Asymmetries in spiral galaxies
Disks of galaxies : kinematics, dynamics and perturbations : proceedings of the 4th Guillermo Haro Conference held at INAOE, Puebla, Mexico, 5-9 November 2001
Atlas of the universe
Deep photometry of galaxies : to see or not to see
Young galaxies and QSO absorption - line systems : proceedings of a workshop held in Santos, Brazil 8-12 April 1996
Star wars omnibus : A long time ago..... Volume 3
Introduction to astronomy and cosmology
Astronomy
XVth IAP Meeting Dynamics of Galaxies : From the Early Universe to the Present : proceedings of the IAP meeting held at Institut d'Astrophysique de Paris, IAP, in Paris, France, 9-13 July 1999
Wide-angle tailed radio galaxies in the slingshot model
Host galaxies of powerful extragalactic radio sources
The astronomy cafe : 365 questions and answers from "Ask the astronomer"
Star Wars. Volume 4, A shattered hope
Spectroscopy of a sample of interacting galaxies
Dynamical friction of a disk galaxy : hyperbolic orbit
Third CTIO/ESO Workshop on the Local Group: Comparative and Global Properties : La Serena, Chile, 25-28 January 1994 : proceedings
Star Wars. Volume one : In the shadow of Yavin
Mapping the hidden Universe : the Universe behind the Milky Way, the Universe in HI : proceedings of a meeting held at Guanajuato, GTO, Mexico, 23-29 February 2000 d edited by Renée C. Kraan-Korteweg and Patricia A. Henning and Heinz Andernach
Numerical simulations of gaseous spiral arms in a two-component disk galaxy
Toward a new millenium in galaxy morphology : proceedings of an International Conference 'Toward a New Millennium in Galaxy Morphology: from z = 0 to the Lyman Break' held at the Eskom Conference Centre, Midrand, South Africa, September 13-show1999
Groups of galaxies : proceedings of a conference held at the Space Telescope Science Institute, Baltimore, Maryland USA, June 1992
The first Stromlo symposium: the physics of active galaxies : Becker House, Australian Academy of Science, Canberra, Australia 27 June - 2 July 1993
Three-dimensional systems
Binary pairs of supermassive black holes : formation in merging galaxies
Multi frequency interferometer studies of active and starburst galaxies
The universe explained to my grandchildren
Multifrequency VLBI observations of selected active galactic nuclei
Elliptical galaxies: structure and stellar content
Spiral galaxies in the near IR : proceedings of the ESO/MPA Workshop, held at Garching, Germany, 7-9 June 1995
Models of regular galaxies
Dynamical evolution of star clusters - confrontation of theory and observations : proceedings of the 174th Symposium of the International Astronomical Union, held in Tokyo, Japan, August 22-25, 1995
Galaxy : explore the universe, planets and stars
Mass effect trilogy : PlayStation 3
Ancient light : a portrait of the universe
Galactic halos : a UC Santa Cruz workshop : proceedings of a conference held on the campus of UC Santa Cruz, 11-15 August 1997
Dynamics of galaxies
Universe
The recollection
Eternal light
Globular cluster bimodality in isolated elliptical galaxies
Visions of the cosmos
The physics of galaxy formation : proceedings of the meeting held at University of Tsukuba, Ibaraki, Japan, 3-7 July 2000
Physics of active galactic nuclei : proceedings of the international conference, Heidelberg, 3-7 June 1991
The discs in galaxies are radially extended, rotationally supported, ﬂattened systems. In the cosmological Lambda Cold Dark Matter model the formation of the discs is intimately connected with galaxy formation. Generally it is assumed that the discs have exponentially decreasing stellar surface brightness proﬁles, but completely satisfactory theoretical explanation for this has not been presented. Large number of studies in the past decade have challenged this view, and have found a change in the slope of the surface brightness proﬁle in the outer regions of many galaxies discs: the surface brightness can decrease more, or less, steeply than in the inner regions. The transition between the two slopes is often called a disc break. Consequently, the discs are divided in three major categories: single exponential Type I, down-bending break Type II, and up-bending break Type III. Formation of these break features has been linked to the initial formation of the discs, internal evolution, and also with the interactions between galaxies. By studying the detailed properties of the disc break features, the evolutionary history of discs, and galaxies in general, can be better understood. The thesis work focuses on the structural analysis of the galaxies in the Spitzer Survey of Stellar Structure in Galaxies (S4G), which consists of 2352 galaxies observed in the 3.6 and 4.5 µm mid-infrared wavelengths with the Spitzer space telescope. Work has been carried out as a part of the data-analysis pipelines of the S4G survey, utilizing surface photometry. In addition, special emphasis has been put on the study of the disc and disc break properties in a wide range of galaxy morphological types and stellar masses. The thesis work attempts to at least partially understand how galaxy stellar mass and observed wavelength affect the properties of the discs and breaks, and how galaxy structural components are connected with the breaks. The data comprises mainly of the 3.6 µm infrared data, providing a view to the stellar mass distribution of galaxies. We ﬁnd that the Type II breaks are the most common disc proﬁle type, found in 45 ± 2% of the sample galaxies, consisting of 759 galaxies in the stellar mass range 8.5 ≲ log10(M*/M⊙) ≲ 11. Type I discs are found in 31 ± 2%, and the Type III breaks in 23 ± 2% of the sample. The fraction of the proﬁle types also depends of the galaxy stellar mass: fractions of the Types II and III increase, while Type I fraction decreases, with increasing stellar mass. We attribute these changes with stellar mass to the increased frequency of bar resonance structures in higher mass galaxies, which are commonly associated with a Type II break, and to the increased fraction of Type III proﬁles in generally more massive early-type disc galaxies. In addition to the Type II breaks associated with bar resonance structures, we ﬁnd that nearly half of these breaks relate to the visual spiral outer edge, conﬁrming previous results of the Type II break connection with galaxy structure, and thus the internal evolution rather than initial formation of discs. Complementary data in optical wavelengths from the Sloan Digital Sky Survey shows a strong change in the properties of the discs inside the Type II breaks, indicating that the inner discs are evolving via star formation. In late-type spiral galaxies (T ≳ 4) with a Type II break, possible evidence of radial stellar migration is found in the outer disc: the slope of the surface brightness proﬁle is shallower in the infrared compared to optical wavelengths, indicating that older stellar populations are more evenly spread throughout the disc. Formation of the Type I and III proﬁles remain poorly understood. However, indication that some of the Type III proﬁles are formed by environmentally driven processes is found, with a correlation between the properties of the local environment and the disc proﬁle parameters. Furthermore, indication of star formation possibly causing the up-bends in spiral galaxies is found through a presence of young stellar population in the outer disc section.
Models of barred galaxies
Fresh views of elliptical galaxies : proceedings of the INAOE International Meeting held in Pueblo, Mexico, 14-17 March 1995
Radio galaxies : radiation transfer, dynamics, stability and evolution of a synchrotron plasmon
Variability in active galactic nuclei : understanding emission mechanisms and unification models
Guardians of the galaxy : New guard. Vol 2, Wanted
Galaxies and the runaway universe
Everything you need to know about the universe : from the Big Bang to the Big Crunch, in a nutshell
Mass effect. 2 : PlayStation 3
Dark and visible matter in galaxies : proceedings of a conference held in Sesto Pusteria, BZ, Italy, 2-5 July 1996
From stars to galaxies: the impact of stellar physics on galaxy evolution : conference held at Porto Elounda Mare, Crete (Greece), 9-13 October 1995
The greatest intergalactic guide to space ever by the brainwaves
Galactic and cluster cooling flows : proceedings of a conference held at the University of Haifa at Oranim, Israel, 5-8 August 1996
New light on galaxy evolution : proceedings of the 171st symposium of the International Astronomical Union, held in Heidelberg, Germany, June 26-30, 1995
Galaxy morphology and classification
Universe : stunning satellite imagery from outer space
Studies of spiral structure in disk galaxies
Numerical simulations of spiral galaxies
Wolf-Rayet phenomena in massive stars and starburst galaxies : proceedings of the 193rd Symposium of the International Astronomical Union held in Puerto Vallarta, Mexico, 3-7 November 1998
The opacity of spiral disks
Observational molecular astronomy : exploring the universe using molecular line emissions
Galactic astronomy : proceedings of the Summer Institute for Astronomy and Astrophysics, held at the State University of New York at Stony Brook, Summer 1968. Vol. 1
Tweeting the universe : tiny explanations of very big ideas
Mass outflow in active galactic nuclei : new perspectives : proceedings of a workshop held at The Catholic University of America, Washington, D. C., USA, 8-10 March 2001
The sun and stars
Star formation in a sample of interacting galaxies
Foundation's edge
Evolution and Stellar Content of AGN Host Galaxies
Conspicuous morphological features such as rings, ringlenses, lenses, barlenses, and spiral arms are observed in many nearby disk galaxies. These features are believed to form due to the so-called secular evolution after the galaxies were formed, which means that their disks evolve in a more passive fashion and in longer timescales, compared to their formation processes. This slow evolution of disks is due to the effect of non-axisymmetric potentials, among which, a bar potential is perhaps the most effective of all. Strong rotating bars redistribute angular momentum and material through the disks of galaxies very effciently, and produce resonances. At these resonances the material is trapped and starts forming stars, creating beautiful rings. However, rings are not the only structure observed in disk galaxies. There are also spiral arms that, might or might not be created by bars. Other type of structures are lenses, which in images appear as flat light distributions with sharp edges, and ringlenses, whose appearance is intermediate between those of rings and lenses. Also, there are barlenses, which are conspicuous lens-like structures embedded in bars, and have been suggested to be the more face-on counterparts of Boxy/Peanut/X-shaped bulges. The study of the physical properties of all these structures provides a tool to investigate the mechanisms that create them and hence, to determine which are the processes that drive the slow evolution of galaxies.In this thesis I study the morphological structures using mainly data from the Spitzer Survey of Stellar Structure in Galaxies (S4G), by means of their sizes, orientations, shapes and colors. The S4G contains images of ~ 2500 nearby galaxies of all Hubble types at 3.6 and 4.5 μm, allowing a dust free view of the old stellar population which is subject of the secular evolution.Among the results presented in this thesis and the respective companion papers are the following. A catalog that contains the sizes, ellipticities and position angles of the morphological features in the S4G was created. This catalog also includes the measurements of the pitch angles of spiral arms. There is a corroboration of previous results showing that different types of morphological features appear in galaxies with different Hubble stages and bar families, and a confirmation of the resonant nature of rings but also of a high fraction of lenses and ringlenses. There is also an observation indicating that low mass galaxies lack nuclear structures such as nuclear rings due to the lack of inner Lindblad resonances caused by their low central mass concentrations. Observational evidence is presented indicating that a fraction of inner lenses in unbarred galaxies might be former barlenses of which the "thin bar" has probably dissolved or it is too faint to be detected.The sizes of barlenses show a tight linear correlation with those of bars, being the size of the barlens typically half the size of the bar. The study of the optical colors of barlenses reveals their similarity with bars, giving observational evidence that their stellar populations are similar, and distinguishes them from disks and nuclear regions. The orientations of barlenses with respect to that of bars and disks reveal that barlenses are vertically thick structures. All these results support the idea that barlenses are the vertically thick inner parts of bars and hence relate them observationally to Boxy/Peanut/X-shaped bulges.These results and others are published in a series of original papers in which I have collaborated and that are appended at the end of this work.
Dissipative formation of galaxies in hierarchical cosmology
The Carnegie atlas of galaxies
Space : present knowledge, future trends
The reason why : the miracle of life on earth
