http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13229 sports medicine
sports medicine
Introduction to athletic training
The athletic trainer's guide to differential diagnosis : a visual learning approach
Scandinavian journal of medicine & science in sports
This 5 DVD set contains 23 presentations by international experts recorded at the Connect 2013 Conference at Ulm University in April 2013.
Netter's sports medicine
Canine sports medicine and rehabilitation
Physician and sportsmedicine
History of exercise physiology
Therapeutic exercise for musculoskeletal injuries
Molecular exercise physiology : an introduction
Eating disorders in athletes
Paavo Nurmi Congress book : [advanced European course on sports medicine] : [50th anniversary of the Finnish Society of Sports Medicine] : [August 28th - September 1st, 1989 Turku, Finland]
Lore of running
The biochemical basis of sports performance
The physiology of training
Sports medicine of the lower extremity
The Australian journal of science & medicine in sport
Sports nutrition for the 90s : the health professional's handbook
Genetics and sports
Clinical sports anatomy
Biomechanics of skijumping
Metabolic diseases of athletic horses
Sports medicine in track & field athletics : proceedings of the first IAAF Medical Congress (Paavo Nurmi Congress) Espoo, Finland 1983
Diagnosis and treatment of movement impairment syndromes
Performance explosion in sports : an anti-doping-concept : revolutionary new findings in the area of micronutrient therapy : training continuity, training optimization, injury prevention through personalized micronutrients
Counter Millions of people participate in sporting activities every day, from the daily runner to the three-times-a-week "gym rat," to members of myriad sports teams. Sports injuries are among the most commonly presenting issues in emergency rooms and physicianâ€™s offices. During these events, the most common injuries affect the skin. Cutaneous manifestations afflict all athletes from the recreational neophyte to the professional. Conditions ranging from innocuous skin injuries to skin disease that can bench a nationally ranked wrestling team occur with alarming frequency. Review articles and book chapters that discuss sports-related dermatoses are too general and often offer only cursory information. Sports Dermatology: Handbook Of Diagnosis And Management gathers the most clinically relevant and badly needed information in this emerging area of sports dermatology. With the increased emphasis on evidence-based medicine, that construct serves as the basis for much of the book, providing the most current and practical approach for treatment options. Both common and unusual disorders related to sports are reviewed in detail. Each sports-related skin condition is discussed with attention to the following subheadings: epidemiology, clinical presentation, diagnosis, treatment, and prevention. The author has separated the sports-related dermatoses into categories including infections, benign and malignant neoplasms, traumatic conditions, environmental hazards, and inflammatory reactions. On the inside covers of the book, for quick reference and easy access, we have listed dermatologic conditions affecting athletes, first by sport and then by specific skin condition. Photographs of the sports-related dermatoses will help the clinician visualize the different clinical morphologies apparent in athletes. In many cases, the use of summary tables will help the clinician organize their thinking regarding prevention and treatment of various infectious conditions.
The Olympic textbook of medicine in sport
DeLee & Drez's orthopaedic sports medicine : principles and practice / Vol.2
Fundamentals of athletic training
Exercise on prescription : Cardiovascular  activity for health
Key topics in sports medicine
"This text integrates basic medical concepts and related scientific information to provide a strong foundation of general athletic training practices. Using a problem-solving approach to prevention, recognition, assessment, management, and disposition of sports-related injuries and diseases, this text provides athletic trainers and athletic training students with the most extensive, challenging content in a user-friendly format. New Content - This edition features a new chapter on Psychological Intervention Strategies" -- Provided by publisher.
Essentials of primary care sports medicine
Fascia & sports medicine : April 12-14 2013 - University of Ulm - Germany
Winter sports medicine handbook
Swimming
Fundamentals of sports injury management
Sex Hormones, Exercise and Women : Scientific and Clinical Aspects
The dirtiest race in history : Ben Johnson, Carl Lewis and the 1988 Olympic 100m final
Journal of dance medicine & science
Neuromuscular, hormonal and molecular responses to heavy resistance training in strength trained men : with special reference to various resistance exercise protocols, serum hormones and gene expression of androgen receptor and insulin-like growth factor-I
Effects of acute prolonged exercise on serum and LDL oxidation and antioxidant defences
Medical and psychological aspects of sport and exercise
Athletic ability and the anatomy of motion
American journal of sports medicine
It is well-established, through extensive peer-reviewed published research, that physical activity and exercise training can impact the reproductive endocrine system of women. This ground-breaking, comprehensive title presents a range of unique insights into the opposite question: how the reproductive endocrine system of women affects their exercise ability. More precisely, the thematic question explored in this work is: if exercise affects reproductive hormones, conversely then could the reproductive hormones have physiological effects unrelated to reproduction that influence the capacity of women to exercise? In exploring this question, the goal is to better understand the unique physiology of women and whether female sex hormones might account for some of the variance in physiological performance between amenorrheic and eumenorrheic women, and within women across the age span as they experience menarche to menopause. Sex Hormones, Exercise and Women: Scientific and Clinical Aspects synthesizes the research by exploring the physiology and psychology behind these occurrences. This novel title will not only be of interest to researchers, exercise scientists, graduate students, and clinicians; it will also serve as a source of valuable information for female athletes and their trainers in the context of preparing for competitions.
Epidemiology of injury in Olympic sports
Foundations of athletic training : prevention, assessment, and management
Low-back pain in adolescent athletes
NASM's essentials of sports performance training
Towards a social science of drugs in sport
Intensive participation in children's sports
Journal of science and medicine in sport
Exercise physiology : energy, nutrition, and human performance
Science, medicine & sport : enhancing sport performance
Effects of exercise and diet on sleep among overweight and obese men with chronic insomnia symptoms
Research in sports medicine
Oxford textbook of sports medicine
Exercise-induced asthma and sports in asthma
DeLee & Drez's orthopaedic sports medicine : principles and practice / Vol. 1
Sports biomechanics : reducing injury risk and improving sports performance
Football traumatology : current concepts : from prevention to treatment
Clinical practice of sports injury prevention and care
Biomechanics and medicine in swimming VIII : proceedings of the VIII International Symposium on Biomechanics and Medicine in Swimming, University of Jyväskylä, Finland, June 28 - July 2, 1998
Nutrition and Enhanced Sports Performance : Muscle Building, Endurance, and Strength
Advances in exercise immunology
Medicine & science in sports & exercise : the official journal of the American College of Sports Medicine
VIII International Symposium on Biomechanics and Medicine in Swimming : June 28 - July 2, 1998
ACSM's exercise management for persons with chronic diseases and disabilities
Sports injuries : diagnosis and management
Functional neuroimaging in exercise and sport sciences
Athletic training and sports medicine
Hip & pelvis injuries in sports medicine
Clinics in sports medicine
Sports medicine
Scientific aspects of women's gymnastics
Functional rehabilitation of sports and musculoskeletal injuries
Lumbar mobility and low back pain during adolescence : a longitudinal three-year follow-up study in athletes and controls
Exercise and sport in diabetes
Ethical decision making in physical activity research
Pediatric sports medicine
"When working with sports men and women, the biomechanist is faced with two apparently incompatible goals: reducing injury risk and improving sports performance. Now in a fully updated and revised edition, Sports Biomechanics introduces the fundamental principles that underpin our understanding of the biomechanics of both sports injury and performance, and explains how contemporary biomechanical science can be used to meet both of those goals simultaneously. The first four chapters of this book look closely at sports injury, including topics such as the properties of biological materials, mechanisms of injury occurrence, risk reduction, and the estimation of forces in biological structures. The last four chapters concentrate on the biomechanical enhancement of sports performance, including analytical techniques, statistical and mathematical modelling of sports movements, and the use of feedback to enhance sports performance. Drawing on the very latest empirical and epidemiological data, and including clear concise summaries, self test questions and guides to further reading in every chapter, this book is essential reading for all advanced undergraduate and postgraduate students with an interest in biomechanics, sports injury, sports medicine, physical therapy or performance analysis"--
The year book of sports medicine
The dancer's book of health
Kinesiology taping for rehab and injury prevention : an easy, at-home guide for overcoming common strains, pains and conditions
Abstract (kuvailulehti): Report of the evaluation of sports and exercise medicine and biology research in Finland.
Sports injuries series. The knee; The foot, ankle and lower leg; The shoulder; Interactive skeleton: sports and kinetic edition
Nutrition and Enhanced Sports Performance: Muscle Building, Endurance, and Strength provides a comprehensive overview to understanding the integrated impact of nutrition on performance. The book is divided into five main themes: An introductory overview of the role of nutrition in human health, various types of physical exercises, including cardiovascular training, resistance training, aerobic and anaerobic exercise, bioenergetics, and energy balance. This section also covers the nutritional requirements associated with various fitness programs, as well as exercise.
Evaluation of sports and exercise medicine and biology research in Finland
Assessment of athletic injuries
Children and exercise XIX : promoting health and well-being : proceedings of the XIXth International Symposium of the European Group of Pediatric Work Physiology, 16-21 September 1997
Brukner & Khan's clinical sports medicine. Volume 1, Injuries
Evidence-based sports medicine
The incidence of acute and overuse sports injuries in children and adolescents are increasing. Radiologists need to be familiar with the advantages and limitations of the various imaging modalities used to evaluate the injured young athlete. This book covers a wide spectrum of sports injuries seen in children and adolescents. The first part comprises a series of introductory chapters on topics such as the clinician's viewpoint, normal anatomy and variants, the imaging of articular cartilage, and the current role of ultrasonography. In subsequent chapters, each important site of injury is considered individually with the aid of informative images. The final part of the book resembles an atlas and presents the most commonly encountered injuries in the popular sports of football, skiing, water sports, tennis, and gymnastics. Throughout, particular attention is paid to the most recent advances in knowledge and imaging.
Blood flow, lipid oxidation, and muscle glycogen synthesis after glycogen depletion by strenuous exercise
The American journal of sports medicine
Body composition and molecular reflections of obesity-related cardio-metabolic disorders : a cross-sectional and longitudinal study in women
Training does not increase maximal lumbar extension in healthy adolescents
What is single-case research? How can single-case methods be used within sport and exercise? Single-case research is a powerful method for examining change in outcome variables such as behaviour, performance and psychological constructs, and for assessing the efficacy of interventions. It has innumerable uses within the context of sport and exercise science, such as in the development of more effective performance techniques for athletes and sportspeople and in helping us to better understand exercise behaviours in clinical populations. However, the fundamental principles and techniques of single-case research have not always been clearly understood by students and researchers working in these fields. Single-Case Research Methods in Sport and Exercise Psychology is the first book to fully explain single-case research in the context of sport and exercise. Starting with first principles, the book offers a comprehensive introduction to the single-case research process, from study design to data analysis and presentation. Including case studies and examples from across sport and exercise psychology, the book provides practical guidance and demonstrates the advantages and common pitfalls of single-case research.
Athletic training and sports medicine : an integrated approach
Single-case research methods in sport and exercise psychology
Science and medicine of exercise and sport
Athletic and sport issues in musculoskeletal rehabilitation
Musculoskeletal interventions: techniques for therapeutic exercise
Sport science perspectives for women : proceedings from the Women and Sports Science Conference sponsored by the United States Olympic Committee. Sports Medicine Council, November 30 to December 2, 1985, Colorado Springs, Colorado
Exercise and immunology
Physical rehabilitation of the injured athlete
Dance medicine : the 5th International Congress in Kuopio June 9-10, 1988, the Siilinjärvi Health Resort Center, Siilinjärvi, Finland : abstrac[t] book
Sports therapy services : organization and operations
Science and racket sports
Kinesiology and applied anatomy
Exercise and sport biology
Fundamentals of biomechanics
Directory of sports science : a journey through time - the changing face of ICSSPE
The debate around the role of drugs in sport is vibrant. There is a wealth of evidence from the hard end of science, telling us how drugs work, how drug testing works, and how many athletes have fallen foul of the system. The evidence from social science is still building momentum. For example, what makes an athlete use a performance enhancing substance? To win simply fails to explain the drug use behaviour we see among athletes. This book provides a foundation for anyone trying to understand the drugs in sport problem beyond the hard science by looking at the people factor from different perspectives. After building a case for the social science of drugs in sport, it is examined from the ethical, sociological, economic, legal and psychological points of view. The book concludes with a definitive statement about what researchers, policy makers, sports administrators, athletes and fans can do to achieve a social science of drugs in sport that puts people firmly in the centre of the debate. This volume was published as a special issue of Sport in Society.
"Fundamentals of Biomechanics introduces the exciting world of how human movement is created and how it can be enhanced. The book presents a comprehensive review of the major concepts of biomechanics and summarizes them in nine principles of biomechanics. It concludes by applying these principles to the work of kinesiology professionals. Specific case studies are presented in physical education, coaching, strength and conditioning, and sports medicine. This text presents a clear, conceptual understanding of biomechanics and is designed to help students link their personal experience to biomechanical concepts." "Biomechanics instructors, researchers, and other professionals helping people to improve movement and decrease the risk of injury, as well as advanced students learning biomechanical principles in biomedical engineering, ergonomics, kinesiology, physics, and sports physiology will find Fundamentals of Biomechanics invaluable."--BOOK JACKET.
Instructions for sports medicine patients
Therapeutic modalities for athletic injuries
International journal of sports medicine
Sports dermatology
Journal of sports medicine and physical fitness
Functional progressions for sport rehabilitation
Effects of oxygen fraction in inspired air on force production and electromyogram activity during ergometer rowing
Therapeutic modalities in sports medicine and athletic training
Sports Nutrition : Enchanging Athletic Performance
Care of the young athlete
Sport psychology
Biomedical acupuncture for sports and trauma rehabilitation : dry needling techniques
Young athletes : biological, psychological, and educational perspectives
Increased serum and low-density-lipoprotein antioxidant potential after antioxidant supplementation in endurance athletes
Science and football. VI, the proceedings of the sixth World Congress on science and football
Practical orthopaedic sports medicine and arthroscopy
Journal of sports traumatology and related research : official journal of the Italian Society of Sports Traumatology
Effects of a long acting somatostatin analog on pituitary, adrenal, and testicular function during rest and acute exercise : unexpected stimulation of testosterone secretion
Cross country skiing
Magnetic resonance imaging in orthopaedics and sports medicine. Vol. 2
Volleyball injuries : a colour atlas of volleyball traumatology
Exercise testing and prescription : a health-related approach
Practical ECG for exercise science and sports medicine
Endurance in sport
Nonsurgical sports medicine : preparticipation exam through rehabilitation
Science and football. VII, the proceedings of the Seventh World Congress on Science and Football
Scandinavian journal of sports sciences
Critical reviews in physical and rehabilitation medicine
British journal of sports medicine
This text stresses the importance of recognising different cultural attitudes, beliefs and expectations so that behaviour can be modified accordingly to reflect sensitivity to their patients' needs. The ultimate aim is a comfortable and positive health care experience for patients. "Cultural Competence in Sports Medicine" defines the concept, explains why it is important and uses examples specific to professionals working with athletes.
Ischial tuberosity apophysitis and avulsion among athletes
The Oxford dictionary of sports science and medicine
Essentials of exercise physiology
Cultural competence in sports medicine
Cryotherapy in sport injury management
Dance injuries : their prevention and care
Sudden cardiac death in the athlete
Principles of exercise biochemistry
Coaches' guide to nutrition & weight control
Sports nutrition : energy metabolism and exercise
Foot orthotics in therapy and sport
Sports medicine, training and rehabilitation
Sport medicine : proceedings of the International symposium of the medicine and physiology of sports and athletics at Helsinki 17-18. 7. 1952
Sport and exercise medicine for pharmacists
Basic and applied sciences for sports medicine
Encyclopedia of international sports studies
The sports health handbook
Oxford handbook of sports medicine
Science for success : current trends in applied research and competitive sport in Europe : 2 October - 4 October, 2002
Diagnosis, prevention and treatment of exercise-related asthma, respiratory and allergic disorders in sports
Sports medicine for specific ages and abilities
Therapeutic exercise : from theory to practice
Injury prevention and rehabilitation for active older adults
Sports injuries in children and adolescents
Biomechanics of athletic movement
Magnetic resonance imaging in orthopaedics and sports medicine. Vol. 1
Routledge handbook of sports therapy, injury assessment, and rehabilitation
Abstractbook : 39 th Annual Congress of the Sports and Preventive Medicine Society, July 11-17th 2009 Helsinki, Finland
Optimal muscle recovery
The effect of endurance exercise at moderate altitude on serum lipid peroxidation and antioxidative functions in humans
