http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13275 lute
lute
The spirits of England and France. 3, Binchois and his contemporaries
English folksongs & lute songs
Handbook of guitar and lute composers
Vivaldi Concertos for Mandolin
The solo lute works of Johann Sebastian Bach : edited for guitar by Frank Koonce
Captain Humes Poeticall Musicke. Volume 1: Music for Viols, Lute & Voice
Lessons for the lute : a book of intermediate pieces
The complete works for lute and strings
Dowland's dozen : 12 pieces from the lute tabla
Songs from the labyrinth
The John Dowland collection
Lute society of America quarterly
The first booke of songs or ayres 1605
The Moscow 'Weiss' manuscript : facsimile and transcription ; transcribed and edited by Tim Crawford
Method for the renaissance lute. Volume 1
The lute : the journal of the Lute Society
Amarilli, mia bella : René Jacobs & Konrad Junghänel in concert
The third and last booke of songes or aires : complete lute songs : (1603). 3
O mistress mine : A collection of English lute songs
Heavenly love, earthly joy
The collected works
Time stands still : lute songs on the theme of mutability and metamorphosis by John Dowland and his contemporaries
Songs and dialogues
First booke of songes
First Booke of Songes
American lutherie : the quarterly journal of the  American Lutheries
Method for Renaissance lute
The best of John Dowland
Music from the time of Christian IV. Instrumental ensemble & lute music
Sämtliche werke für lute = Complete works for lute : in Tabulatur und Übergang. Band 3, Die Handschschrift London, British Library Add. 30387 Übertragung. Teil I
Chicken with plums
The rags of time : 17th-c. English lute songs and dances
Sämtliche Werke für Laute = Complete works for lute. Band 4 = Volume 4
Night sessions
THE FIRST BOOKE OF SONGES (1597)
Greensleeves : A collection of English lute songs
Joyne Hands : Music of Thomas Morley, Composer, Publisher, Arranger
A tutor for the Renaissance lute : for the complete beginner to the advanced student
Musicks monument. Volume 1
The King's delight : 17c. ballads for voice et violin band
Eight lute songs or duets : from the second booke of songs and ayres for soprano, bass, lute & viol with an arrangement for keyboard accompaniment
Sämtliche Werke für Laute = Complete works for lute. Band 1 = Volume 1
The baroque guitar
The way of the pipa : structure and imagery in Chinese lute music
The Collected Works
Essays on J. S. Bach's works for lute
Faire, sweet & cruell : Elizabethan songs
Sämtliche werke für lute = Complete works for lute : in Tabulatur und Übergang. Band 1, Die Handschschrift London, British Library Add. 30387 Faksimile der Tabulatur. Teil I
The complete songs of John Dowland. Complete lute songs 4 - supplement, In darknesse let mee dwell
Sämtliche werke für lute = Complete works for lute : in Tabulatur und Übergang. Band 4, Die Handschschrift London, British Library Add. 30387 Übertragung. Teil II
Move now with measured sound : Music by Thomas Campion
Heroines of love and loss
Shakespeare songs and consort music
The collected lute music of John Dowland
Songs from Rosseter's book of ayres
Joyne hands : music of Thomas Morley, composer, publisher, arranger
The complete lute works : Sämtliche Lautenwerke
Collected works for lute and bandora. Part 1 - Lute
Not just Dowland : songs for soprano and lute
The spirits of England and France. 4, Missa Caput and the story of the Salve regina
Henry Purcell
The lutenist's handbook : a practical rough guide to playing renaissance lute
Songs for the flute, viol and voice (1606)
Sämtliche werke für lute = Complete works for lute : in Tabulatur und Übergang. Band 2, Die Handschschrift London, British Library Add. 30387 Faksimile der Tabulatur. Teil II
O mistress mine : a collection of english lute songs
The english ballad
Music for Shakespeare's theatre
A Gardin for Delights : English Lutesongs from the Renaissance
English lute songs
Journal of the Lute Society of America
The triumphs of Oriana
Time Stands Still : Lute Songs on the theme of mutability and metamorphosis by John Dowland and his contemporaries
Ayres for four voices
Shakespeare Songs and Consort Music
Sämtliche Werke für Laute = Complete works for lute. Band 3 = Volume 3
Rembrandt : music of his time
The first booke of songes
Now what is love? : Aspects of love in the 17th century
The Lute is a Song
The Second Booke of Songs
Seaven Teares plays John Dowland
Shakespeare's lutenist : theatre music
It fell on a summer's day : Songs by Dowland and Campion
The first booke of songes or ayres : complete lute songs I : (1597/1613). 1
The spirits of England and France. 3.
Early Music 1992:4
Songs to my lady : English songs & lute pieces
Songs in Shakespeare's plays from the Elizabethan Theatre
The English Orpheus
Music for the lute : original tablature and modern notation for keyboad
The first book of ayres : (1597, 1600, 1603, 1606, 1613)
Mirror of love : Lute songs of love and lust
Performance on lute, guitar and vihuela : historical practice and modern interpretation
Elizabethan Songs : The Lady Musick
Come again, sweet love : Lute songs, lute solos
The complete songs and lute music
The second booke of songs or ayres : complete lute songs : (1600).. 2
Julian Bream : A life on the road
English lute songs by John Dowland : with the original lute tablature and guitar transcriptions
The Moscow 'Weiss' manuscript : Guitar ; transcribed and edited by Tim Crawford ; arranged for guitar by Alan Rinehart
Songs in Shakespeare's plays : from the Elizabethan Theatre
Requiem for a pink moon : an Elizabethan tribute to Nick Drake
John Dowland's lute songs : third and fourth books : 45 ayres and a galliard from The third and last booke, A pilgrimes solace, and A musicall banquet, with Dowland's original tablature
Songs for tenor and lute
Early Music 1993:2
What is love? : Songs for voice, lute and viola da gamba
Campion, Dowland and the lutenist songwriters
Fire of love : songs for voice, lute and viola da gamba
Alfred Deller : Purcell, Handel, Bach, Campion, Buxtehude
Method for the Renaissance lute
Two concerti for guitar and orchestra : C major RV425 : D major RV93
Orpheus in England : Dowland & Purcell
Sämtliche Werke für Laute = Complete works for lute. Band 2 = Volume 2
A history of the lute from antiquity to the Renaissance
Lute news : the lute society magazine
A painted tale
The Lady Musick
