http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13228 axiology
axiology
Anthropocentrism versus Ecocentrism Revisited: Theoretical Confusions and Practical Conclusions
Forms of value and valuation : theory and applications
Explaining value : and other essays in moral philosophy
"Ethical naturalism is narrowly construed as the doctrine that there are moral properties and facts, at least some of which are natural properties and facts. Perhaps owing to its having faced, early on, intuitively forceful objections by eliminativists and non-naturalists, ethical naturalism has only recently become a central player in the debates about the status of moral properties and facts which have occupied philosophers over the last century. It has now become a driving force in those debates, one with sufficient resources to challenge not only eliminativism, especially in its various non-cognitivist forms, but also the most sophisticated versions of non-naturalism. This volume brings together twelve new essays which make it clear that, in light of recent developments in analytic philosophy and the social sciences, there are novel grounds for reassessing the doctrines at stake in these debates".
Aristotle, virtue and the mean
Facts and values : studies in ethical analysis
The hyphenated phrase 'in-visibility' indicates that the visible and the invisible are inseparable and yet in tension with each other. If originating from acts of (in)visibilization, both the visible and the invisible are ethically imbued. Whether we see or overlook each other, respect or dismiss another's dignity, remember or forget a history of crimes against humanity, our (over)sight has an impact on our interaction. What, then, is implied in seeing the human being as created in the image of an invisible God, as imago Dei? Which (re)sources in Judaism and Christianity can counter idolatry in the sense of cognitive captivity and experiences of abandonment after the Shoah? In addressing such questions, this book outlines an ethics of in-visibility in an interdisciplinary dialogue between philosophy and theology, cultural history, art and media theory, sociology, literary and gender studies. Contributors: Christina von Braun, Iben Damgaard, Daniel Dayan, Arne Grøn, Hannes Langbein, Paul Mendes-Flohr, Melissa Raphael, N. Verbin, Alana M. Vincent, Claudia Welz, Christian Wiese, Elliot R. Wolfson.
Living philosophy : an introduction to moral thought
Why the West is best : a Muslim apostate's defense of liberal democracy
Seven fires and three pillars of ehtical management : the Zoroastrian model for good business
Needs, values, truth : essays in the philosophy of value
Essays on value, preference, and freedom
Volition and valuation : a phenomenology of sensational, emotional, and conceptual values
Wisdom : its nature, origins, and development
Value grounded on attitudes : subjectivism in value theory
What is value? : an introduction to axiology
Is conscience an emotion? : three lectures on recent ethical theories
Would you eat your cat? : key ethical conundrums and what they tell you about yourself
From values of the local to values of the global : the moral values and their change in some Finnish middle and comprehensive school English textbooks between 1952 and 2004
Ethical dilemmas in the modern corporation
The constitution of rights : human dignity and American values
Mind and morals : essays on cognitive science and ethics
True to life : why truth matters
Business ethics
Preference and value : preferentialism in ethics
Levinas, ethics and law
A practical guide to ethics : living and leading with integrity
Axiological investigations
How it all relates : exploring the space of value comparisons
The moral writings of John Dewey
Gewirth : critical essays on action, rationality, and community
Self-realization : an outline of ethics
Fichte : historical contexts/contemporary controversies
The philosophical papers of Alan Donagan. Vol. 2, Action, reason and value
Values and society : an introduction to ethics and social philosophy
Person and society in American thought : a study in Christian humanism
Worth doing
Simone Weil : the way of justice as compassion
The varieties of goodness
The Oxford handbook of value theory
Language, world and God : an essay in ontology
The practice of value
Then Athena said : unilateral transfers and the transformation of objectivist ethics
Karl Marx and the future of the human
Civic and uncivic values in Kosovo : history, politics, and value transformation
Principles of ethical economy
The roots of ethics : science, religion, and values
Against empiricism : on education, epistemology and value
Ethics in practice : an anthology
Foundations for a scientific analysis of value
Needs, values, truth
Brentano and intrinsic value
Universal ethics : perspectives and proposals from Scandinavian scholars
Case studies in business ethics
The origin of values : sociology and philosophy of beliefs
Studies of good and evil : a series of essays upon problems of philosophy and of life
Nietzsche's revaluation of values : a study in strategies
Values and intentions : a study in value-theory and philosophy of mind
For business ethics : a critical approach
Introduction to value theory
Reflective authenticity : rethinking the project of modernity
Ethics : inventing right and wrong
The genesis of Kant's critique of judgment
The demands of consequentialism
Business ethics of innovation
Dynamic concept analysis (DCA) : integrating information in conceptual models
The dimensions of values : a unified theory
"According to Objectivist David Kelley, financier Michael Milken has done more for mankind than humanitarian Mother Teresa. Working from this statement, Then Athena Said examines Objectivism, a philosophy founded by Ayn Rand, and ultimately concludes, in opposition to essential claims of Objectivism, that other people are a fundamental part of reality. In making this claim, Then Athena Said reconsiders Objectivism's central social tenet, the Trader Principle, which dictates the bilateral exchange of value for value between independent equals: elevates "reproductivity" to be on par with productivity, Objectivism's central virtue; and derives a "heuristic" for charitable giving. Relying, in part upon economic theory, decision theory under uncertainty, and game theory, Then Athena Said examines unilateral transfers - including charity, childrearing, bequests, retribution, gifts, favors, forgiveness, and various infringements against persons or property - within the Objectivist framework."--BOOK JACKET.
Fundamental questions of philosophy : one philosopher's answers
Isaiah Berlin : a value pluralist and humanist view of human nature and the meaning of life
Normative discourse
Philosophical perspectives. 18, Ethics
Man as a moral agent in Aristotle
The origin of our knowledge of right and wrong
The varieties of intrinsic value in nature : a naturistic approach to environmental philosophy
We, in the West in general, and the United States in particular, have witnessed over the last twenty years a slow erosion of our civilizational self-confidence. Under the influence of intellectuals and academics in Western universities, intellectuals such as Gore Vidal, Susan Sontag, Edward Said, and Noam Chomsky, and destructive intellectual fashions such as post-modernism, moral relativism, and multiculturalism, the West has lost all self-confidence in its own values, and seems incapable and unwilling to defend those values. By contrast, resurgent Islam, in all its forms, is supremely confident, and is able to exploit the West's moral weakness and cultural confusion to demand ever more concessions from her. The growing political and demographic power of Muslim communities in the West, aided and abetted by Western apologists of Islam, not to mention a compliant, pro-Islamic US Administration, has resulted in an ever-increasing demand for the implementation of Islamic law - the Sharia - into the fabric of Western law, and Western constitutions. There is an urgent need to examine why the Sharia is totally incompatible with Human Rights and the US Constitution. This book, the first of its kind, proposes to examine the Sharia and its potential and actual threat to democratic principles. This book defines and defends Western values, strengths and freedoms often taken for granted. This book also tackles the taboo subjects of racism in Asian culture, Arab slavery, and Islamic Imperialism. It begins with a homage to New York City, as a metaphor for all we hold dear in Western culture - pluralism, individualism, freedom of expression and thought, the complete freedom to pursue life, liberty and happiness unhampered by totalitarian regimes, and theocratic doctrines.
10 good questions about life and death
On liberty and other essays
Structure of value
Moral Realism is a systematic defence of the idea that there are objective moral standards. In the tradition of Plato and G. E. Moore, Russ Shafer-Landau argues that there are moral principles that are true independently of what anyone, anywhere, happens to think of them. These principles are a fundamental aspect of reality, just as much as those that govern mathematics or the natural world. They may be true regardless of our ability to grasp them, and their truth is not a matter of their being ratified from any ideal standpoint, nor of being the object of actual or hypothetical consensus, nor of being an expression of our rational nature. Shafer-Landau accepts Plato's and Moore's contention that moral truths are sui generis. He rejects the currently popular efforts to conceive of ethics as a kind of science, and insists that moral truths and properties occupy a distinctive area in our ontology. Unlike scientific truths, the fundamental moral principles are knowable a priori. And unlike mathematical truths, they are essentially normative: intrinsically action-guiding, and supplying a justification for all who follow their counsel.Moral Realism is the first comprehensive treatise defending non-naturalistic moral realism in over a generation. It ranges over all of the central issues in contemporary metaethics, and will be an important source of discussion for philosophers and their students interested in issues concerning the foundations of ethics.
Self-fulfillment
Case studies in business, society, and ethics
Nietzsche's ethics and his war on 'morality'
The Routledge guidebook to Plato's Republic
What makes us moral? : crossing the boundaries of biology
Ethics and practical reason
Theory of valuation
Doing & deserving : Essays in the theory of responsibility
Exploring ethics : an introductory anthology
Reason and value
Meaning in life. Vol. 1, The creation of value
Being good : a short introduction to ethics
The many uses of "good"
Ideals and responsibilities : ethical judgement and social identity
Norm and action : a logical enquiry
Moral minds : how nature designed our universal sense of right and wrong
Merit and responsibility : a study in Greek values
The Blackwell guide to ethical theory
A study in the logic of value
Possible worlds : the idea of happiness in the utopian vision of Louis-Sébastien Mercier
On the Development of John Rawls's Thought
Value and understanding : essays for Peter Winch
The intrinsic value of nature
Foundations of ethics : an anthology
On what matters. Vol. 2
Value, obligation, and meta-ethics : Robin Attfield
Limiting secularism : the ethics of coexistence in Indian literature and film
Naturalism and normativity
The new patricians : an essay on values and consciousness
Analytic and continental philosophy : methods and perspectives : proceedings of the 37th International Wittgenstein Symposium
Ethics in context : the art of dealing with serious questions
Guardian of dialogue : Max Schelerś phenomenology, sociology of knowledge, and philosophy of love
Levinas and twentieth-century literature : ethics and the reconstitution of subjectivity
The Tanner lectures on human values
Values and evaluations
Michael Walzer on recognition as a dominated good
Objective economics : how Ayn Rand's philosophy changes everything about economics
Ethics. 2, Moral values
The conception of value
Dignity, rank, and rights
Indian philosophy of value
John Dewey's philosophy of value
The future for social policy in a global context : why the south now needs to take the lead
The Tanner lectures on human values. 8, 1988
Cinema and value philosophy
Cosmopolitanism : ethics in a world of strangers
Rebirth of value : meditations on beauty, ecology, religion, and education
A theory of the absolute
The ethical dimension : an approach to the philosophy of values and valuing
The Tanner lectures on human values. 1, 1980
On the intrinsic value of everything
The school of Alexius Meinong
Ethical studies
Ethics of in-visibility : Imago Dei, memory, and human dignity in Jewish and Christian thought
What matters? : ethnographies of value in a not so secular age
Self-construction and the formation of human values : truth, language, and desire
General theory of value : its meaning and basic principles construed in terms of interest
Value...and what follows
Carnap and the unity of science : the intellectual and moral formation of a science-technology generalist : a case study
The human habitat : aesthetic and axiological perspectives
The lewd, the rude and the nasty : a study of thick concepts in ethics
Recent work on intrinsic value
Dignity and vulnerability : strength and quality of character
Man and nature : selected essays
Meta-ethics
The dignity of legislation
