http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13224 silent film
silent film
Charlie Chaplin : Mutual-elokuvat. 1
Parallel tracks : the railroad and silent cinema
"From the award-winning author of Hide Me Among the Graves, Last Call, Declare, and Three Days to Never, a phantasmagoric, thrilling, mind-bending tale of speculative fiction in which one man must uncover occult secrets of 1920s Hollywood to save his family. In the wake of their Aunt Amity's suicide, Scott and Madeline Madden are summoned to Caveat, the eerie, decaying mansion in the Hollywood hills in which they were raised. But their decadent and reclusive cousins, the malicious wheelchair-bound Claimayne and his sister, Ariel, do not welcome Scott and Madeline's return to the childhood home they once shared. While Scott desperately wants to go back to their shabby South-of-Sunset lives, he cannot pry his sister away from this haunted "House of Usher in the Hollywood Hills" that is a conduit for the supernatural.Decorated by bits salvaged from old hotels and movie sets, Caveat hides a dark family secret that stretches back to the golden days of Rudolph Valentino and the silent film stars. A collection of hypnotic eight-limbed abstract images inked on paper allows the Maddens to briefly fragment and flatten time - to transport themselves into the past and future in visions that are both puzzling and terrifying. Though their cousins know little about these ancient "spiders" which provoke unpredictable temporal dislocations, Ariel and Claimayne have been using for years - an addiction that has brought Claimayne to the brink of selfish destruction. As Madeline falls more completely under Caveat's spell, Scott discovers that to protect her, he must use the perilous spiders himself. But will he unravel the mystery of the Madden family's past and finally free them. or be pulled deeper into their deadly web?"--
Classics of the silent screen : A pictorial treasury
Harold Lloyd : the definitive collection. Disc 1
Charlie Chaplin Mutual elokuvat. 3.
The book of illusions : a novel
History of the American cinema. 2, The transformation of cinema 1907-1915
Passions and deceptions : the early films of Ernst Lubitsch
Silent cinema music in the Netherland : The Eyl/Van Houten Collection of Film and Cinema Music in the Nederlands Filmmuseum
Laurel and Hardy : the magic behind the movies
Charlie Chaplin : Mutual-elokuvat. 3.
Navarro's silent film guide : a comprehensive look at American silent cinema
Buster Keaton remembered
Harold Lloyd : the definitive collection. Disc 3
Dark lover : the life and death of Rudolph Valentino
Burning passions : an introduction to the study of silent cinema
Harold Lloyd : the definitive collection. Disc 8
Today's sounds for yesterday's films : making music for silent cinema
The artist. Easy piano : music from the motion picture soundtrack
Deaf world : a historical reader and primary sourcebook
The last days of Leda Grey
Charlie Chaplin. Essanay ; 2
Kehä = The ring
Expressionist film : new perspectives
The Music of Charles Chaplin 1 : the silent movies
Harold Lloyd : master comedian
American showman : Samuel "Roxy" Rothafel and the birth of the entertainment industry 1908-1935
Stan and Ollie : the roots of comedy : the double life of Laurel and Hardy
Chaplin : the tramp's odessey
Harold Lloyd : the definitive collection. Disc 7
Harold Lloyd : the definitive collection. Disc 6
History of the American cinema. 1, The emergence of cinema : the American screen to 1907
Buster Keaton : Remembered
Buster Keaton
Notre Damen kellonsoittaja = The hunchback of Notre Dame
Celluloid saviours : angels and reform politics in Hollywood film
Hollywood : the pioneers
Missing reels : a novel
The parade's gone by ..
The artist
Medusa's web : a novel
Silent cinema in India : a pictorial journey
Buster Keaton : cut to the chase
Charlie Chaplin : Mutual-elokuvat. Osa 3.
The sounds of the silents in Britain
Flashbacks in film : memory & history
Harold Lloyd : the definitive collection. Disc 2
Secret song
Silent comedy
The movies in the age of innocence
Charlie Chaplin : Mutual-elokuvat. Osa 2
Shadows of the silver screen
Harold Lloyd : the definitive collection. Disc 5
Paper dreams : the lost art of Hollywood still photography
Vuokralainen = The lodger
The first female stars : women of the silent era
Working-class Hollywood : silent film and the shaping of class in America
Chaplin : genesis of a clown
Soviet cinema in the silent era, 1918-1935
Harold Lloyd : the definitive collection. Disc 4
Keaton : the silent features close up
Classics of the silent screen : a pictorial treasury
