http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13245 telephone services
telephone services
Managing customer issues through a support channel network
Developing voucher activation code process
Research on application markets for smartphones : hidden areas of industry when creating and marketing digital product
Conférence européenne des administrations des postes et des télécommunications (CEPT) : Working Group Services and Facilities : Sub-Working Group SF2 : Brussels 10-14 April 1989 : report of the meeting
The iPhone represents an important moment in both the short history of mobile media and the long history of cultural technologies. Like the Walkman of the 1980s, it marks a juncture in which notions about identity, individualism, lifestyle and sociality require rearticulation. this book explores not only the iPhone's particular characteristics, uses and "affects," but also how the "iPhone moment" functions as a barometer for broader patterns of change. In the iPhone moment, this study considers the convergent trajectories in the evolution of digital and mobile culture, and their implications for future scholarship. Through the lens of the iPhone--as a symbol, culture and a set of material practices around contemporary convergent mobile media--the essays collected here explore the most productive theoretical and methodological approaches for grasping media practice, consumer culture and networked communication in the twenty-first century.
Services for UMTS : creating killer applications in 3G
The concise guide to telephone tactics
Talk is cheap : switching to internet telephones
Offers a readable, step-by-step Australian guide to managing a modern customer response centre. Call centres are a growth industry and there is a strong demand for a comprehensive, sound, up-to-date reference outlining the basics of successful call centre management.
Bank in a pocket : approaches to design problems of a mobile banking service
Images in mobile communication ; new content, new uses, new perspectives
Telephone and helpdesk skills : a guide to professional English
English for telephoning
Online customer service : analysis and evolution in the Swiss mobile market
Managing mobile services : technologies and business practices
Customer relationship management : an Indian perspective
The handheld library : mobile technology and the librarian
The GSM evolution : mobile packet data services
Designing mobile communications devices for the south African market : an ethnographic study of the black south African culture
Factors affecting acceptance of mobile content services among mature consumers
The study and development of this thesis was made to create and analyze a potential project that a Mexican call center would develop for the Mexico Tourism Board. This developed project consists in providing telephone customer service to the people visiting Mexico. Not only will the tourists have service and assistance in any way such as finding businesses' information, health, and security information, but Servifon S.A. de C.V. would also work as a travel agency where the tourists can book their trip. Through this thesis a thorough explanation of the project has been done, explaining the key operational factors required for the development. These studies include the Market Analysis, the Human Resources Management, the Pricing Strategy, and the Advertising Process. Furthermore, a quantitative research was done, approaching two markets: the foreign market and the domestic market. The foreign market includes seven potential markets that were decided to be focused as target markets. These countries are the United States, Canada, France, Spain, Italy, Germany and the United Kingdom. As for the domestic market, it naturally means the Mexican market. The research was made by giving physical and online surveys to a mixed group of people focusing to approach these nationalities. The surveys were completed with 783 surveys for the foreign market and 90 surveys for the domestic market. All the domestic market surveys were completed online. As a result of this study, we conclude with the benefits that both parties, Servifon and the MTB will have by cooperating together. Consequently, this thesis project may be used as a manual or reference in case that Servifon and the MTB decide to develop it and launch it.
To own the phone : spatial diffusion, ownership and regulation of telephone service in Argentina 1878-1990
Finnish telecom policy
Google Voice for dummies
English abstract: Online customer service : analysis and evolution in the Swiss mobile market.
Service location in distributed environment
Issues in telecommunication and disability
Pre-study on upgrading a Contact Center switch infrastructure
Building call center culture : strategies for designing a world class performance-based environment within your customer contact center
Development of "Buddy-Community" Mobile Service
Business calls
Test Automation and Continuous Integration
Mobile service quality : a study of contributing factors
Advanced Speech Call Items ( ASCI) -palvelut
User acceptance of mobile services : value, ease of use, trust and ease of adoption
Building & managing a world class IT help desk
Design and implementation techniques of wideband mobile communications antennas
The expectations and concerns of students in Finland and the UK towards mobile commerce
Pediatric telephone advice
Transforming business : big data, mobility, and globalization
Wireless marketing
Covers all the major options from native development to web application development -- Discusses major third party platform development acceleration tools, such as Appcelerator and PhoneGap -- Zeroes in on topics such as developing applications for Android, IOS, Windows Phone 7 and Blackberry.
Snaptz : the new service of Concilio Networks customer satisfaction analysis
Emergence of wireless services : business actors and their roles in networked component-based development
The Use of Modern Communication Mediums for Customer Base Expansion in the Banking Sector of Pakistan
Testing of S60 search applicaton
Skype(R) for dummies(R)
Development of car pool application for Symbian OS = Kimppakyydin hallintasovellus Symbian-käyttöjärjestelmälle
The operational environments of the Finnish and Swiss mobile operators
Towards holistic management of information within service networks : safety telephone services for ageing people
How to manage the IT helpdesk : a guide for user support and call centre managers
Telephone triage protocols for nurses
Nokia smartphone hacks
Telephone and the internet
A Contac Center is very important part of corporation's service concept. A Contact Center could be the only personal contact with the customer during the year. The corporate assigning the pre-study task is running a Contact Center with unsupported telephony switches and integration towards advanced contact handling Genesys solution is also unsupported. Unsupported versions in switches are causing challenges to both maintenance and enhancements. Lack of capacity between Contact Center locations is real challenge in peak periods. Thus, the corporation is well aware of the importance and the need for changes. The purpose of this pre-study was to clarify different alternatives to secure voice traffic in Contact Centers and to find a solution as for getting the telephony infra-structure into a supported level. In addition, the aim was also to identify requirements regarding the backup system. This pre-study was mainly carried out in workshops together with vendors. In these workshops, the purpose was to clarify available alternatives considering also infrastructural demand as well as the integration demands and costs issues. The study indicated that IP-technology seemed to be the best solution. However, this solution would require changes for the entire Contact Center infrastructure at the same time, therefore it could not be recommended for an immediate solution. Centralised PBX solution either leased or as purchased service would give more time to arrange integrations to IP-technology required level.  With this solution also voice traffic will be secured in short term. Voice traffic between different locations will be arranged using IP-technology. With suggested solution, the bottleneck from traditional voice traffic connections between locations is turned into network bandwidth requirements. Network bandwidth requirement could be handled and implemented more easily than traditional telephone voice connections.
Abstract: IP multimedia subsystem implementation.
Planning and setting up the mobile location-based services platform for Telia
Pediatric telephone protocols : office version
Conversation analysis and language for specific purposes
Next generation wireless applications : creating mobile applications in a Web 2.0 and Mobile 2.0 world
MobileMe for small business  : portable genius
Tanzania Telecommunication Company Limited as a Mobile Service Provider
Customer perceived value of emerging technology-intensive business service
Adoption of mobile banking services in Finland
The PCC card number generator
Mobile browser software testing development
The customer response management handbook : building, rebuilding and improving your results
Selected topics of mobile multimedia communication services
Studying mobile media
Report of the meeting
Understanding digital subscriber line technology
The mobile revolution : the making of mobile services worldwide
Mobile content services market in Finland 2009-2014
Utilization of mobile phone as pointing device
Productivity and services : safety telephone services for the elderly
The everything guide to mobile apps : a practical guide to affordable mobile app development for your business
Seminar on Internetworking, spring 2013 : recent developments in fixed and mobile Internet
Professional mobile application development
Medicines information sources and services for consumers : a special focus on the internet and people with depression
Leveraging Social Networking Services on Multipurpose Public Displays
Information and communication technologies in tourism 2014 : proceedings of the International Conference in Dublin, Ireland, January 21-24, 2014
Calling for help : language and social interaction in telephone helplines
Conceptions, conflicts and contradictions : at the introduction of a Swedish health call centre
Abstract.
Telephonic emergency service - how and by whom, why and for what = Telefonseelsorge - Wie und durch Wen, Warum und Wofür = Le service telephonique d'urgence-pourquoi et pour quoi? / IFOTES Helsinki. Finland 5-9.7.1988
The language of outsourced call centers : a corpus-based study of cross-cultural interaction
Telephone customer service: the future of Mexico's tourism
Technical assistance to the Kingdom of Thailand for a socioeconomic impact study of rural telecommunications
Gender in call centre work
An evolutionary approach to organizing after market services for mobile phones in Asia Pacific
Short message service (SMS) : the creation of personal global text messaging
If you are a non-native English speaker and make telephone calls as part of your work, then this book is for you. By applying the suggested guidelines, you will stand a much greater chance of making an effective telephone call. You will learn how to: prepare for a call both psychologically and from an English language point of view receive calls (if you work on reception) leave messages find out about another company and talk about your own company chase people (i.e. people who have not followed up your requests) deal with difficult calls and callers, and improve your telephone manner use the telephone while working on a help desk or helpline resolve language difficulties (i.e. when you cannot understand the other person's English) improve your pronunciation use resources on the Internet to improve your listening skills The book concludes with a chapter of useful phrases.
Mobile solutions and the construction industry : is it a working combination?
IP multimedia subsystem implementation
Medicines information sources and services for consumers : a special focus on the Internet and people with depression
Adoption of mobile banking in Finland
Europe Direct in 2005 : a successful year for the EU citizens' hotline
Skype hacks(TM)
Mobile application development with SMS and the SIM toolkit
Modern day mobile phones aren`t anymore just for calling or for text messaging. Today they can be used e.g. for navigating, watching TV or surfing in the Internet. These kinds of services can give a competitive edge to a company and in this way enable it to differentiate from other competitors. At the moment most visible services for Nokia Oyj are music and games. Promotion for these services is usually done by adding different kind of printed materials, vouchers, into the mobile phone`s sales package. These vouchers promote the service, guide how to use it and enable customer to try the service for free. Customer can e.g. load some music from Internet or get a game to his/her phone. To be able to activate certain service customer needs to have an activation code and insert it to a right place. The activation code can be found from the printed voucher. The activation code is unique so every material has a different one and this code is added to the voucher material by an external supplier, the printing house. Materials that include unique activation code which needs to be printed separately are quite new for Nokia and for its external partners, the printing houses. Process how to handle these kinds of materials is also still quite unclear and has lots of open issues. Unexpected problems come up and different parties involved in this process lack general view for the whole process. The purpose for this thesis is to gather information from all the relevant parties involved to this process by doing interviews and questionnaires. With the gathered information the task was to create a clear understanding for the existing process and for problems we had at that time. The main aim was to try and solve prevailing issues with the help of all the people involved in this process. Other purpose was to get ideas and suggestions how to make the process clearer and more efficient in the future. Interviews were made with open questions to internal and external partners involved in this process. Interviews were made both face-to-face and via telephone. Questionnaires were done via e-mail.  Information from all the parties was feasible and it helped to create clear overview about the current situation and possible problems. Many vital suggestions and ideas were received and some have already been taken into use and also others are under investigation and creation. Process has become clearer and problems and issues have been decreased significantly already.
