http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13204 hay harvest
hay harvest haymaking
A simulation model for planning of hay harvesting machinery systems and management
Hay and forage harvesting
Farm machinery
An integrated simulation model of hay growth, harvesting and barn drying
Effects of defoliation height on regrowth of timothy and meadow fescue in the generative and vegetative phases of growth
The balewrapping handbook : a guide to the efficient production of balewrapped silage
Harvesting strategy and N fertilization influence 134Cs uptake by forage plants
The influence of harvest date, nitrogen application and weather on development and nutritional value of timothy (Phleum pratense L.) and its implication for prediction of forage quality
Effects of plant species and harvesting system on grassland production in northern Finland
Growth strategies, competition and defoliation in five grassland plants
Influence of the timing of the harvest of primary grass growth on herbage quality and subsequent digestion and performance in the ruminant animal
Development of yield and nutritive value of timothy in primary growth and regrowth in northern growing conditions
The scythe book : mowing hay, cutting weeds, and harvesting small grains, with hand tools
The development of the yield and nutritive value of timothy (Phleum pratense L.) both in the primary growth and in the regrowth were studied at MTT Plant Production Research, a unit of MTT Agrifood Research Finland, in Rovaniemi (66°35'N) in 1999-2001. The dry matter yield and leaf:stem ratio were measured from the crop samples, and the contents of crude protein and organic matter digestibility of both whole plant samples and leaf and stem fractions were analysed. In primary growth, the most rapid increase of dry matter, 220-240 kg/ha per day, was measured around the beginning of the heading stage. There was a very strong positive correlation between the proportion of stems and the amount of dry matter in the primary yield. The daily growth rate of the regrowth was less than half of that of the primary growth. The fastest decrease, 1 percentage unit per day, in crude protein content was measured at the pasture stage (4-5 -leaf stage). During the entire sampling period, the average daily decline in crude protein content in the primary growth of timothy was 0.65 percentage units. The main cause for the rapid decline in crude protein content was the high proportion of stem matter and its low protein content. In the regrowth, during the last four weeks before the harvest, the average daily decline in crude protein content was 0.28 percentage units.The average decline in organic matter digestibility from early pasture stage to late silage stage was 0.9 percentage units per day. The most remarkable change was noticed at the growth stage of timothy when about the half of stems were heading and it was then that the digestibility decreased by more than one percentage unit per day. The rapid decline in organic matter digestibility was due to the low digestibility of stem matter. The daily change in forage digestibility in the regrowth was very small, on average 0.11%.
