http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13217 workload
workload
Fundamentals of Project Management
Labour law between change and tradition : liber amicorum Antoine Jacobs
Quality work environments for nurse and patient safety
The thesis introduces the factors, which influence the most for the employment contract strategy of a company in relation to office workers. The factors are being examined from companies  ́ point of view. This allows one to show the most influential factors in relation to employees  employment contract strategy from its actual perspective. The research also shows what is the linkage between these factors and the employment contract strategies considering business field.  Companies past and current employment contract forms used are being explained in the study and the future intentional strategies in relation to contract forms are being studied here.       These issues are more closely being studied from a company   ́s perspective in a case Kesko food. The case analyses Kesko food  ́s employment contract strategy from the past few years until the five next years to come.
Empty labor : idleness and workplace resistance
Gender and the contours of precarious employment
Non-standard employment and health with respect to sense of coherence and social capital
Handbook of motivational counseling : goal-based approaches to assessment and intervention with addiction and other problems
WillBe : 13 reasons WillBe's are luckier than WannaBe's
Governing public hospitals : reform strategies and the movement towards institutional autonomy
Improving effort management in software development projects
Advances in cognitive engineering and neuroergonomics
Organizational behavior for the hospitality industry
The little book of thinking big : aim higher and go further than you ever thought possible
Regulation of fixed-term employment contracts : a comparative overview
Crash course in collection development
Evaluation : local cooperation funds : role in institution building of civil society organizations
"The governance of public hospitals in Europe is changing. Individual hospitals have been given varying degrees of semi-autonomy within the public sector and empowered to make key strategic, financial, and clinical decisions themselves. This study explores the major developments and their implications for national and European health policy. The study focuses on hospital-level decision-making and draws together both theoretical and practical evidence. It includes an in-depth assessment of eight different country models of semi-autonomy, in the Czech Republic, England, Estonia, Israel, the Netherlands, Norway, Portugal and Spain. The evidence that emerges throws light on the shifting relationships between public-sector decision-making and hospital-level organizational behaviour and will be of real and practical value to those working with this increasingly important and complex mix of approaches." -- (Back Cover)
Labour market efficiency in the European Union : employment protection and fixed-term contracts
While most people work ever-longer hours, international statistics suggest that the average time spent on non-work activities per employee is around two hours a day. How is this possible, and what are the reasons behind employees withdrawing from work? In this thought-provoking book, Roland Paulsen examines organizational misbehavior, specifically the phenomenon of 'empty labor," defined as the time during which employees engage in private activities during the working day. The author explores a variety of explanations, from under-employment to workplace resistance. Building on a rich selection of interview material and extensive empirical research, he uses both qualitative and quantitative data to present a concrete analysis of the different ways empty labor unfolds in the modern workplace. This book offers new perspectives on subjectivity, rationality and work simulation and will be of particular interest to academic researchers and graduate students in organizational sociology, organization studies, and human resource management."--Publisher description. Read
Mental workload and its effects on work-life balance : a case study
The one thing : the surprisingly simple truth behind extraordinary results
A comparative study of the regulation governing the use of fixed-term contracts in three EU member states
Eat that frog! : 21 great ways to stop procrastinating and get more done in less time
Below the breadline : living on the minimum wage
Implementing the effort estimation method in a software project
Abstract (s. 5-6). Summary (s. 15-18).
The validity and feasibility of measurement tools for human resources management in nursing : case of the RAFAELA system
The evolving world of work in the enlarged EU : progress and vulnerability
Social policy in tandem with the labour market in the European Union
Factors influencing the choice of the most suitable employment contract strategy in relation to office workers : case: Kesko food
Assessment of the additional appropriation for research
Women in flexible employment market : a case-study of women's experiences of a atypical employment relationship in a cleaning service business.
Gender equality in working life
Time well spent: getting things done through effective time management
Three decades of working conditions : findings of Finnish Quality of Work Life Surveys 1977-2008
Techniques for coaching and mentoring
Management and organization of temporary agency work
Naiset joustavilla työmarkkinoilla : tapaustutkimus naisten kokemuksista epätyypillisestä työsuhteesta siivouspalveluyrityksessä = Women in flexible employment market : a case-study of women's experiences of a atypical employment relationship in a cleaning service business
Fixed-term work in the EU : a European agreement against discrimination and abuse
The turnover of jobs and workers in Finland
On the social dimension in posting of workers : reasoning on posted workers directive, wage liability, minimum wages and right to industrial action
Atypical employment and gender in Finland
Temporary agency work in Finland : backgroung documentary on temporary agency work in Europe
Fran Abrams was commissioned by the Guardian to work as a night cleaner at the Savoy - living on (or as it turned out - below) the minimum wage. A short version of that experience appeared in the paper in January 2002. For Profile, she spent a month living on (in fact below) the minimum wage in South Yorkshire working in a pickle factory and then another month in Scotland working as a care assistant. In the tradition of George Orwell's Down & Out in London & Paris, this book shows what it is like to try to live on £4.10 an hour. Where can you live? What can you afford to eat? Or do in the evening? What are the jobs - and the workmates and bosses like? This book, in entertaining prose, sympathetic portraits and a telling eye for detail reveals all - including the extraordinary differences across the length of Britain.
Flexibility and competitiveness : labour market flexibility, innovation and organisational performance : Finnish national report
Team work and group dynamics
Global trends in flexible labour
Give me time to think : determining student workload in higher education
Finnish yearbook of population research. 42, 2006
Special event production : the process
Regulating new forms of employment : local experiments and social innovation in Europe
Effort control and estimation analysis in the application engineering project
Enterprises as employers in Finland : [flexible enterprise project]
Atypical employment in the EC
Sammandrag. - Summary.
Gurus, hired guns, and warm bodies : itinerant experts in a knowlege economy
Employment contracts, psychological contracts, and employee well-being : an international study
Partial unemployment insurance benefits and the transition rate to regular work
Improving the effort management of the non-construction activities in custom software development projects
Abstract in Dutch.
The fixed time nurses ́experiences about good nursing care in the sense of responsibility
Go put your strengths to work : 6 powerful steps to achieve outstanding performance
Flexibility in practice : women's employment and pay in retail and finance
Employer perception of temporary agency employees : case Manpower Oy
Temporary employment and health
Summary in english.
Fundamentals of project management
Perception of job instability in Europe
Time management secrets: the experts tell all!
Crossing the great divide : worker risk and opportunity in the new economy
The employment contract between ethics and economics
Abstract (1 s.).
EU social and employment law : policy and practice in an enlarged Europe
Human performance, workload, and situational awareness measures handbook
Perceived employability : antecedents, trajectories and well-being consequences
International perspectives on temporary agency work
Organizational death and employee motivation : investigating a plant closure in a multi-plant organization
