http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13236 outsider art
outsider art
Fan fiction and copyright : outsider works and intellectual property protection
Outsider art : spontaneous alternatives
Weaving, farming, fishing, feasting : original watercolors of Yangtze village life
Beyond reason : art and psychosis : works from the Prinzhorn Collection / Bettina Brand-Claussen, Inge Jádi, Caroline Douglas
Manifestations of contemporary folk art and outsider art
Ancient Egyptian beads
Looks at the work produced outside the mainstream of modern western art by self-taught untrained visionaries, spiritualists, eccentric recluses, folk artists, psychiatric patients, criminals and others beyond the imposed margins of society and the art market.
Monika's story : a personal history of the Musgrave Kinley Outsider Collection
Veijo Rönkkösen todellinen elämä = The real life of Veijo Rönkkönen
The artist outsider : creativity and the boundaries of culture
Bookblock
When the stars begin to fall : imagination and the American South
Hur outsiderkonsten hamnade på museum = How outsider art made it into the museum
Raw creation : outsider art and beyond / John Maizels ; with an introduction by Roger Cardinal
Equal rights to creativity : a celebration of outsider art : Mexico Gallery, London, May-June 2004 / [essays by Roger Cardinal and Colin Rhodes]
Outsider art : from the margins to the marketplace
Fából vaskarika - nem-mindennapi kreativitás : finn-magyar nemzetközi müvészeti kiállítás : [Zichy Kastély, Budapest, III. kerlet, Óbuda, Fö tér 1., 2004. május 28 - szeptember 5] = Outsider art - everyday creativity : Finnish-Hungarian international art  / [a magyar müvészek listáját összeállította = the introductions to Hungarian artists by Zsuzsa Fazekas, Emese Joó] ; [a finn müvészek listáját összeállította = the introductions to Finnish artists by Julia Elmore ... [et al.]] ; [szövegek = texts: Eszter C
On the map : exploring European outsider art : a notebook
Raw vision outsider art sourcebook / [editor John Maizeles]
The Kalevala in images : 160 years of Finnish art inspired by the Kalevala
Imagining other worlds
Outsider art : spontaneus alternatives / Colin Rhodes
A new account of Outsider Art, work produced outside the mainstream by self-taught visionaries, recluses, psychiatric patients and others beyond the perceived margins of society. The author reassesses conventional assumptions about creativity, situating Outsider Art in relation to Modernism and Primitivism.
Morning wood
Henry Darger : disasters of war
Everyday genius : self-taught art and the culture of authenticity
Hey! Modern Art & Pop Culture Artshow : Musée de la Halle St. Pierre, Paris
Art brut : the origins of outsider art / Lucienne Peiry
Vernacular visionaries : international outsider art / edited by Annie Carlano
"Cultural Composition" discusses the intrinsic relationship between culture imagery and visual expression, and for the first time proposed the concepts and methods that take culture as some design elements. Recursive mathematical logic is introduced to resolve the dynamic constitution of culture elements. The multi-level distribution of cultural elements has been demonstrated, the object of which can be refined as ICON. Culture is streamlined for ICON so as to enable it to be used in a creative way. With a cultural image mapping, ICON evokes the values of identity from the depths of feeling, making products endless charming. The proposition of "Cultural Composition" discovered the law how culture appears and changes in design. "Cultural Composition" takes Chinese culture as an example, through hundreds of illustrations, enumerated a large number of design work which contain typical culture elements, showing how culture elements appeals in daily-use things intuitively. It has both high theory value and practical value. Prof. Yunhe Pan is a member of Chinese Academy of Engineering, and also a professor at the College of Computer Science and Technology, Zhejiang University, China. His research area includes digital preservation for cultural heritages, digital library, and intelligent human animation.
Marginalia : perspectives on outsider art / Ans van Berkum ... [et al.] ; editor: Jos ten Berge
Art brut : the origins of outsider art
Groundwaters : a century of art by self-taught and outsider artists
"Great and mighty things" : outsider art from the Jill and Sheldon Bonovitz collection
How to look at outsider art / Lyle Rexer
Manifestations of contemporary folk art and outsider art : international conference at Folk Arts Centre, Kaustinen, Finland, 22-25 May 2003 / editor: Raija Kallioinen
Hey ! moderne art & pop culture. Art show part II : Musee de la Halle st. Pierre
Ite : art in Finland / editor-in-chief: Seppo Knuuttila ; editorial staff: Seppo Knuuttila ... [et al.]
Hard truths : the art of Thornton Dial
Löytöjä : kehitysvammaisten taiteen suomalainen hakuteos = Outsider art from Finland : Finnish sourcebook of art by people with intellectual disabilities
Two painters : works by Alfred Wallis and James Dixon
ITE : art in Finland
Outsider art sourcebook : art brut = folk art = outsider art
Beyond reason : art and psychosis : works from the Prinzhorn Collection
African signs
Japanese outsider art  : inhabitants of another world : Setagaya Art Museum, Tokyo, 30 September - 12 December 1993 / [ed. by Junichi  Shioda, Yuko Hasegawa, Nozomi Endo]
Outsiders : art by people
Outsider art : contesting boundaries in contemporary culture
Others and outcasts in early modern Europe : picturing the social margins
Vernacular visionaries : international outsider art
Outsider USA / ed. by Thord Thordeman
The other art - and the first
How to look at outsider art
This book presents a detailed analysis and thorough study of the unique collection of Ancient Egyptian beads in the Petrie Museum of Egyptian Archaeology in London. The book first discusses the archaeological value of beads and the method employed in the study of them, especially emphasizing the importance of the technique of bead-making for dating purposes. It then examines and evaluates various schemes for the classification of beads. The book goes on to propose a new classification system and works out a comprehensive corpus of beads with the aid of sixteen plates Next, the book features a chronological survey that details the material, typology (including the technical peculiarities), use, arrangement and pictorial representation of beads throughout the nine divisions or periods of Ancient Egyptian history. This survey points out the characteristics of each period as well any contact Egypt may have experienced with foreign countries as shown by the beads. It also corrects many wrong identifications of materials and mistaken datings. This book is based on the Ph.D dissertation written by pioneering Chinese archaeologist Xia Nai when he studied in London College University some 70 years ago, and who had direct access to considerable firsthand resources at the forefront of Egyptology research. It represents a crucial and long-awaited advance in archaeology, not only for Egypt but for the study of the past across Africa and beyond.
Crafting creativity & creating craft
Cultural Composition
From art brut to art without boundaries
