http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13268 assistant nurses
assistant nurses nursing assistants
Abstract.
Women's worlds : Finnish contributions to the Third International Interdisciplinary Congress on Women, Dublin 1987
BSAVA textbook of veterinary nursing
This book is a fresh contribution to the feminist welfare state debate as far as caring is concerned. By using the case of municipal homemakers in Finland, the author analyzes the relation between women and the caring state. The analysis addresses the welfare state formation, beneficial for women and built by women in alliance with leftist men, sympathetic to women's issues. The Finnish experience differs from any other Western models of home help. In Finland, municipal homemakers are well trained, permanently promoted into their public employee positions and they earn fixed monthly salaries. The homemaking position is not a case of female reserve labour but a life-long occupation. The emergence and development of the occupation is analyzed from a critical perspective, differentiating between ideologies and actual practices in creation of this public caring reform. However, the gendered nature of caring work in the public sphere also in the Nordic countries comes out clearly: it is a woman's work with women's wage and low status in spite of high unionization. The welfare state is contradictory to women.
Nurse practitioner acute care protocols : for emergency departments, urgent care centers, and family practices
The contemporary and future clinical skills of emergency department nurses : experts' perceptions using delphi- technique
Perceived work ability and physical capacity of home care workers : effects of the physical exercise and ergonomic intervention on factors related to work ability
Sairaanhoidosta apuhoitajantyönä : apuhoitajan ammattikäyttäytymisen ulotteisuudesta = dimension in thwork of the auxiliary nurse
Feminist social policy in Finland : contradictions of municipal homemaking
Coping of finnish Red Cross nurses in catastrophe work abroad
Contradictions of the welfare state, women and caring : municipal homemaking in Finland
Prevention of violence against nurses in the emergency department
Hartman's nursing assistant care : long-term care
A textbook for nursing assistants
Paramedics : from street to emergency department : case book
Public health and Rockefeller wealth : alliance strategies in the early formation of Finnish public health nursing
Self-help groups related to coronary heart disease : lay and nursing support
Nancy Caroline's emergency care in the streets
Review questions and answers for veterinary technicians
Camera phone project : an opportunity for the empowerment family carers
Servicing the middle classes : class, gender and waged domestic labour in contemporary Britain
