http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1321 directories
directories
The compleat Ankh-Morpork
Even more things that nobody knows : 501 further mysteries of life, the universe and everything
Finlandia : illustrerade reseboken = kuvallinen matkakirja = das illustrierte Reisebuch = the illustrated trevelling-book = illjustrirovannyj putevoditelj. 1906-1907
International directory of music education : details of institutions and music education qualifications. Volume 2, United States of America to Zimbabwe
European research index : a guide to European research including medicine, agriculture, and engineering. Vol. 2.
Survey report on Japanese-language education abroad : 1998.
Reel history : the world according to the movies
Paikannimihakemisto = Ortnamnsregister = Index of place names / Maanmittaushallitus = Lantmäteristyrelsen = National Board of Survey
Good fiction guide
"When you need to source accurate information on the past history, achievements and current activities of leading world figures, from heads of state to sporting greats, Europa'sThe International Who's Who 2017 provides the answer. Published annually since 1935 The International Who's Who is your source for hard-to-find biographical details on over 25,000 of the world's most prominent and influential personalities. Featured personalities are regularly given the opportunity to update their entry, providing new information on education, artistic achievements, leisure interests, awards, contact details and much more. Also available online at www.worldwhoswho.com, featuring thousands of click-through web links and email addresses, and advanced search functions enabling users to search by name, nationality, place and date of birth and by profession." / WorldCat.
The international who's who. Volume 2 : L-Z, 2017.
Lexicon grammaticorum : a bio-bibliographical companion to the history of linguistics
Rakennustarvikkeet 2006 = Building products in Finland 2006
Pogue's basics : essential tips and shortcuts (that no one bothers to tell you) for simplifying the technology in your life
French bed & breakfast
"International Association of Universities' worldwide database of higher education institutions, systems and credentials."--Kotisivu.
World directory of mineral collections
Drug information. 2017
The first steps for starting global businesses in Finland - From idea until the business plan : Project: Barisma – The worldwide website for bars, nightclubs and cafes
Financial Times world hotel directory 1993 : an essential guide for business travellers
The complete encyclopedia of commercial vehicles
Ulrich's periodicals directory
British universities encyclopaedia. 11, World's universities
A handbook of Tibetan culture : a guide to Tibetan centres and resources throughout the world
The Helsinki diplomatic and consular list
Spider-Man character encyclopedia
The collector's guide to heavy metal. Volume 1 : the seventies
WHO SANG WHAT ON THE SCREEN
ATL arkkitehtitoimistot 2005 - 2006 = ATL architect's offices 2005 - 2006 : jäsenet = members
The international directory of military aircraft 1998/99
Leonard Maltin's movie guide : 2014 edition : the modern era
Suomen tilastollinen vuosikirja 2005 = Statistisk årsbok för Finland 2005 = Statistical yearbook of Finland 2005.
The Busker's fake book : 1001 all-time hit songs
Song index : popular songs and where to find them
The illustrated book of musical instruments : a pictorial encyclopedia of music-making through the ages
Place-names of the world : a dictionary of their origins and backgrounds
The Connoisseur complete encyclopedia of antiques
The world of learning 2001.
The new encyclopaedia Britannica. Index : L-Z
British universities encyclopaedia. 12, World's libraries and librarians
List of company directories and summary of their contents = Liste d'annuaires de sociétés et résumé de leurs données
Who's who in American politics : 1973-1974 : a biographical directory of United States political leaders
An Evaluation of DB2 Express-C pureXML Feature Pack
Museums of the world
The record producers file : A directory of rock album producers 1962 - 1984
This is Greenland '99 : the official directory country, products and services
Anthem guide to the opera, concert halls and classical music venues of Europa
Kellyʹs directory of the merchants, manufacturers and shippers of the United Kingdom, being a guide to the export and import shipping and manufacturing industries of the world
Guide to business information on Central and Eastern Europe
The benchmarking sourcebook
Contemporary artists
Who's who in music
International research centers directory : a world guide to government, university, independent nonprofit, and commercial research and development centers, institutes, laboratories, bureaus, test facilities, experiment stations, research parks, and data collection and analysis centers, as well as foundations, councils, and other organizations which support research
Frieze Art Fair : yearbook 2010-11
The languages of the world
The world atlas : index-gazetteer
The Element illustrated encyclopedia of animals innature, myth and spirit
An investor's guide to Asia's top 1000 blue-chip companies
Hollywood blockbusters : the anthropology of popular movies
Ulrich's update : a quarterly supplement to Ulrich's international periodicals directory
Directory of special libraries and information centers : a guide to more than 23,200 special libraries, research libraries, information centers, archives, and data centers maintained by government agencies, business, industry, newspapers, educational institutions, nonprofit organizations, and societes in the fields of science and engineering, medicine, law, art, religion, the social sciences, and humanities. Vol. 1, pt. 1, A-M (entries 1-12,374)
International who's who in music and musicians' directory
Animating space : from Mickey to Wall-e
New rock record : A collector's directory of rock albums and musicians
Trees : Pockets full of knowledge
American horror film : the genre at the turn of the millennium
Hospital healthcare Europe : 2002/2003 : The official HOPE reference book
Roses of the world in color
Osto-opas. Meditech
Lloyd's list ports of the world 2004.. Vol. 2, Jordan-Yemen
World guide to libraries
Talouselämän raportti suuryrityksistä = Report on the largest companies in Finland. 1995
World list of universities = List mondiale des universités
Lloyd's list ports of the world 2005.
National Geographic Magazine index 1989-1998
Japanese colleges and universities 1989 : a guide to institutions of higher education in Japan
Suomen 3000 suurinta yritystä : Suomen talouselämän vuosikirja = Finlands 3000 största företag : årsbok för Finlands näringsliv = The 3000 largest companies in Finland : year-book of business in Finland. 1986
The Penguin classic baby name book : 2,000 names from the world's great literature
A critical dictionary of composers and their music
WHED : world higher education database
Survey and index
The Oxford companion to French literature
Lloyd's list ports of the world 2005.. Vol. 3, Slovenia-Yemen
ATL arkkitehtitoimistot 2000-2002 = ATL architect's offices 2000-2002 = ATL Architekturbüros 2000-2002 : jäsenet = members = Mitglieder
Contact Finland : a guide to Finnish business services, organizations and authorities
Tampereen talousalue valmistaa, myy, palvelee = Tammerforsregionen i Finland producerar, säljer, betjänar = Industry, commerce and services in and around Tampere - Finland = Industrie, Handel und Gewerbe in und um Tampere - Finnland
The new encyclopaedia Britannica. Index : A-K
Best western movies : winning pictures, favorite films and Hollywood "B" entries
Intensive English USA. 2009
Lloyd's list ports of the world 2005.. Vol. 1, Albania-Iceland
Arkkitehtitoimistojen liitto ATL : toimistoluettelo 1997-98 = Association of Finnish Architects' Offices : members 1997-98
Fairplay : world shipping directory 1995-1996
The world of learning 2004.
Women artists : in the 20th century
Music festivals of the world : a guide to leading festivals of music, opera and ballet
Lloyd's list ports of the world 2005.. Vol. 2, India-Slovakia
ATL arkkitehtitoimistot 2009-2010 = ATL architect's offices 2009-2010 : jäsenet = members
The things that nobody knows : 501 mysteries of life, the universe and everything
Music festivals of the world
R.E.D. labels & distributors directory
Gourmet Paris an A to Z of the best dishes : what to eat where, from coq au vin to couscous, falafel to fettuccine, sushi to sauerkraut
America's film legacy : the authoritative guide to the landmark movies in the national film registry
Fifty key figures in science fiction
Universal Dictionary of Violin and Bow Makers
R.E.D. labels & distributors directory : edition 2 : the comprehensive listing of labels & distributors
1001 songs : the greatest songs of all time
Management assistant's guide to information seeking
Fairplay ports guide 2001.
World guide to special libraries. Vol. 2, Libraries M-Z, Index
International handbook of universities and other institutions of higher education
Information on international scientific organizations,services, and programs for chemists, chemical engineers and physicits
Lloyd's list ports of the world 2004.. Vol. 1, Albania-Japan
The world of learning 2002.
Research biography of Liisa Uusitalo : publications by year 1968-2012
Where are they now? : pop & rock
100 documentary films
Efficient super-peer-based coordinated service provision
Historical dictionary of the Kurds
Good guide to dog friendly pubs, hotels and b&bs
Gulistan [ = The Gulistan or Rose garden]. 2
Directory of special libraries and information centers : a guide to more than 23,200 special libraries, research libraries, information centers, archives, and data centers maintained by government agencies, business, industry, newspapers, educational institutions, nonprofit organizations, and societies in the fields of science and engineering, medicine, law, art, religion, the social sciences, and humanities. Vol. 1, pt. 2, N-Z (entries 12,375-23,282) : appendixes and subject index
Employers' organizations of the world
Catalogue of light industry enterprises of Lithuania '96/97 : textile, sewing, knitting, leather, trade, services
Where to build & where to repair 1999
The best campsites in Spain & Portugal. 2012
Political parties of the world
PRODEC : Programme for Development Cooperation : directory of participants 1968-1987
World directory of non-official statistical sources
Press directory, Helsinki, Finland. January 1993
Girls are best
Eyes like butterflies : a treasury of similes and metaphors
Allied health education directory
The dictionary of composers and their music : a listeners companion
Paris : a musical gazetteer
Business opportunities from Lithuania
Bed & breakfast in France 2009
Samlinger til en beskrivende fortegnelse over danske kobberstik, radering, illustrationer m.m. = Collections to a descriptive index of Danish engravings, etchings, illustrations, etc
Talouselämän raportti suuryrityksistä = Report on the largest companies in Finland. 1996
The animated bestiary : animals, cartoons, and culture
The dinosaur hunter's handbook : an adventurer's guide to prehistoric beasts
The confederation of Lithuanian industrialists : Lithuania's companies '97
Press directory Finland. 2006
