http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13210 material recovery
material recovery
Making fantastic aliens and spaceships
Sustainability : in interior design
Valimomateriaalien uusiokäyttö = Reuse of foundry materials
Green is the new black : how to change the world with style
Dressed to fill : producing and filling PET bottles
Private Business
Recycled, re-seen : folk art from the global scrap heap
1000 ideas for creatice use : remake, restyle, recycle, renew
The eco living handbook : a complete green guide for your home and life
Dewatering and recovery of fats, oils and grease (FOG) of grease trap waste : a design-research of a new-built process
Handmade garden projects : step by step instructions for creative garden features, containers, lightning & more
Adaptation of buildings to library use : proceedings of the seminar held in Budapest, June 3-7, 1985
Survey, cause and countermeasures of atmospheric pollution in Fushun
Cradle to cradle : remaking the way we make things
Clothes
Shirley Botford's daddy's ties : a project & keepsake book
The geographies of garbage governance : interventions, interactions, and outcomes
Old clothes
Recycling and reuse of materials and their products
Identity and factories : the modern dilemma
Second-time cool : the art of chopping up a sweater
The fine art of the tin can : techniques and inspirations
Process development for prototype circulation during product development -phase
Recycling, international trade and the environment : an empirical analysis
Polyester bottle resins : production, processing, properties and recycling
Testbench implementation and its reuse possibilities
Teach yourself visually collage & altered art
Small stash sewing : 24 projects using designer fat quarters
Summary.
Peatland restoration & reclamation : techniques and regulatory considerations
Remake it : Recycling projects from the stuff usually scrap
Ready made : how to make (almost) everything : a do-it-yourself primer
Sock puppet madness : 35 colorful characters to make in minutes
Recycling and deinking of recovered paper
Thinking outside of the can : sustainable management of post-consumer paint and packaging in Finland
Improvement of recyclability and the recycling paper industry of the future : Cost action E1 Paper Recyclability, Las Palmas de Gran Canaria, 24-26 November 1998
Junk for joy! : over 50 projects to inspire you to re-use and recycle
Remake it : clothes : the essential guide to resourceful fashion with over 500 tricks, tips and inspirational designs
Marketing : the retro revolution
This thesis is a design science research study about the development of a process to dewater waste collected from grease traps (GTW). Grease traps are installed in professional kitchens and at food manufacturing sites to protect the sewage works from grease waste that can clog the sewer system and disrupt the biological treatment at wastewater treatments plants (WWTP). When traps are emptied hot water is used to clean the units. Therefore GTW can contain up to 99% water. During 2008-2009, the waste centres and WWTPs in the Oulu and Kainuu regions in Finland collected 6.6 kg GTW per capita annually. GTW consists of water, partly hydrolyzed fats, oils and greases (FOG), food residues, and other contaminants as soap and metals. The grease is emulsified throughout the water phase and mixed with solids, which makes it difficult to dewater. Dewatering is important as is decreases the amount for waste disposal, which is expensive as GTW is classified as special waste. Additionally, the upcoming legalisation in 2016 forbids disposal of organic waste to landfills and therefore cost-effective alternatives have to be found. A fairly simple process was designed to dewater GTW by using acid hydrolysis and moderate heating (65-70°C). The process was tested first on laboratory scale from where it was step-wise scaled up. In 2012, the process design was tested and evaluated by a pilot plant. The goal was to gather as much information and experiences as possible, in order to improve the process products’ quality and the overall process efficiency for the next production design. The profitability of the design was tested by comparing estimated profit margins in different scenarios. The study contains also an overview of possible technologies to utilise or dispose the dewatered fraction (also called brown grease) resulting from the process.The conclusion of the study is that the designed dewatering process is profitable when used at full operating capacity (3000 t/a) and a dewatering efficiency of at least 75%. In this case the estimated payback time is 3-6 years from start-up. The plant was not suitable for extended dewatering of the FOG fraction. An own unit is needed for this purpose. Otherwise, reuse alternatives should be search that can deal with the remaining water content, such as biogas production or utilisation as steam boiler fuel or low-grade soaps. The test design still needs technical adjustments before it can be taken in use. Further research is needed to find a solution how to destabilize the intermediate layer of organics, light solids and water formed between the FOG and water phase (rag layer). For the moment, the fraction remains a non-valuable waste.
Deploy that fabric : 23 sewing projects use military uniforms in everyday life
Ground level : Practical advice for garden surfaces using stone, brick, decking and planting
Chemical contamination in recycled aggregates
Technical and environmental requirements for surplus foundry sand utilization
Paper recycling in an increasingly environmentally conscious world is gaining importance. Increased recycling activities are being driven by robust overseas markets as well as domestic demand. Recycled fibers play a very important role today in the global paper industry as a substitute for virgin pulps. Paper recovery rates continue to increase year after year Recycling technologies have been improved in recent years by advances in pulping, flotation deinking and cleaning/screening, resulting in the quality of paper made from secondary fibres approaching that of virgin paper. The process is a lot more eco-friendly than the virgin-papermaking process, using less energy and natural resources, produce less solid waste and fewer atmospheric emissions, and helps to preserve natural resources and landfill space. Currently more than half of the paper is produced from recovered papers. Most of them are used to produce brown grades paper and board but for the last two decades, there is a substantial increase in the use of recovered papers to produce, through deinking, white grades such as newsprint, tissue, market pulp. By using recycled paper, companies can take a significant step toward reducing their overall environmental impacts. This study deals with the scientific and technical advances in recycling and deinking including new developments. It covers in great depth all the aspects of recycling technologies. It covers the latest science and technology in recycling. It provides up-to-date, authoritative information and cites many mills experiences and pertinent research. It includes the use of biotech methods for deinking, refining and improving drainage.
Recycling construction & demolition waste : a LEED-based toolkit
Step-by-step 50 recycled crafts for kids
Leveraging technology for a sustainable world : proceedings of the 19th CIRP Conference On Life Cycle Engineering, University of California at Berkeley, Berkeley, USA, May 23 - 25, 2012
Evolum combines craftmanship and ecological thinking
Plastics recycling : products and processes
Two-hour scrap crafts
Killer fashion revolution : combining peace education with participatory art and design
Dewatering and recovery of fats, oils and grease (FOG) of grease trap waste : A design-research of a new-built process
Great newspaper crafts
On the analysis of ink content in recycled pulps
One person's trash can be another person's treasure: redesigning used objects
Vintage revised jewelry : 35 step-by-step projects inspired by lost, found and recycled treasures
Energy anf Lifecycle-efficient Metal Processes : final report 5/2014
Technology of paper recycling
Creative handmade paper : how to make paper from recycled and natural materials
Upcycled chic and modern hacks : thrifty ways for stylish homes
The new Christmas tree : 25 dazzling trees and over 100 handcrafted projects for an inspired holiday
A multinational perspective to managing end-of-life electronics
Advances in paper recycling : new technology and marketing trends
Recycling in textiles
Alternative water sources and wastewater management
Sewing green : 25 projects with repurposed & organic materials : plus tips & resources for earth-friendly stitching
Reverse logistics systems : an interorganisational perspective, focusing on paper recycling
Stray sock sewing, too : more super-cute sock softies to make and love
Wastewater treatment and deinking sludge utilization possibilities for energy and material recovery in the Leningrad region
Fantastic recycled plastic : 30 clever creations to spark your imagination
SustainAble : a handbook of materials and applications for graphic designers and their clients
The creative photographer
Wastewater engineering : treatment and reuse
Eco chic : the savvy shopper's guide to ethical fashion
Make garbage great : the terracycle family guide to a zero-waste lifestyle
Improvement of package recycling through green communication in fast food segment
Rediscovered treasures
Reuse, repair, recycle : a mine of creative ideas for thrifty living
Great papier mâché : masks, animals, hats, furniture
Wool felting workshop
Thousands of prototypes are manufactured during one mobile device product development period. Prototypes are compulsory in order to create final product. During product development-phase prototypes are tested, studied and developed for final product. After testing or verification prototype is usually crushed and recycled. However, prototypes are costing money and with more effective prototype circulation, material and money can be saved. During product development, prototypes are also going through non-destructive tests and studies and it is investigated how to circulate those prototypes into another product development purposes within reasonable schedule. During development phase product prototype is verified to meet external and internal requirements. Prototypes are manufactured in smaller patches at first, but when moving closer to development phase end, manufacturing is moving into mass production and then prototype amounts are much higher. At the beginning of product development, there can be a gap between ordered and received prototype amounts, which can be a reflection of many items such as component availability and quality, prototype manufacturing issues or prototype immaturity. Because of smaller prototype patches at the beginning of product development, it would be beneficial to circulate suitable prototypes into following verification purposes inside product development. Developed process were piloted in actual product program development environment. Pilot period was 7 weeks. Pilot was done in one important product development organization. Piloted process result was clear and favoring agreed way of prototype circulation during product development?phase. While piloting process, couple of hundreds prototypes were able to circulate into next product development purpose after first primary activity. More prototypes were able to gain into verification areas and gap between ordered and received prototypescould be reduced. Calculations from economic and environmental perspective were made and savings were favoring prototype circulation process, even with lower circulation rates. Prototype amounts and prices as well as manufacturing costs are company confidential information, and those are not presented. Environmentally and economically it is smart to re-utilize tested, suitable and available prototypes instead of delivering prototypes into crushing and recycling.
Sustainability science and engineering. Vol. 2, Sustainable water for the future : water recycling versus desalination
Market entry strategy for supplying biogas technology to Vietnam Breweries
One of the ways of keeping the environment clean and safe is by avoiding unnecessary waste and saving the space for small and large scale development practices. Recycled aggregates are one of those recycled construction materials that are used to mitigate the material consuming, money intensive, and environmentally alarming construction market. In this small study recycled aggregate materials were acquired from Top-Mix, recycling plant for construction and demolition waste that recycles this rubble into recycled aggregates. These recycled aggregates are often used in road constructions. To stimulate the use of recycled aggregates in structural applications; it should be proven that these kinds of aggregates are not harmful to the application. In this study the aim was to determine if recycled aggregates contain certain contaminations that can disturb the binding reactions of cement, especially chlorides and sulfates. The investigation consisted of several steps; Visual inspection, determination of the content of concrete, red bricks, woods and other materials. Dividing into different aggregate size groups and determination of; the water absorption, chemical chloride content and water soluble sulfate content were done.  The result on the chemical analysis showed that there is no chemical danger from recycling the construction aggregates, as the concentrations of both chloride and did not go beyond the limit for use in construction applications.
A girls's guide to decorating
The handmade paper book
Design by use : the everyday metamorphosis of things
Awesome things to make with recycled stuff
Christopher's bicycle : tale of cycling and recycling
Vintage made modern : transforming timeworn textiles into treasured heirlooms
Who's your dada : redefining the doll throught mixed media
Kaapelitehdas nyt = The cable works now
Handbook of recycling : state-of-the-art for practitioners, analysts, and scientists
Sustainable design strategies: Examination of aesthetics and function in zero waste and upcycling
Waste : uncovering the global food scandal
It's not easy being green : one family's journey towards eco-friendly living
Refuse : good everyday design from reused and recycled materials : the ninth Arango International Design Exhibition: refuse - good everyday design from reused and recycled material
A treasure trove of ideas
Upcycled accessories : 25 projects using repurposed plastic
Recycling and recovery of plastics
Abstract.
Factories of the imagination
The complexity of mobile phone recycling : developing user-centered design guidelines and future concepts for mobile phone collection
Rubbish! : reuse your refuse
Summary: Reuse of peatlands - what shall we do with the old peat production areas?.
Implementation of a novel pigment recovery process for a paper mill
Repurposing legacy data : innovative case studies
Second stitches : recycle as you sew
Cool green stuff : a guide to finding great recycled, sustainable, renewable objects you will love
Plastic wastes : management, control, recycling and disposal
Alternation : transform, embellish, customize
Overcoming the institutional obstacles of industrial recycling
Reclaiming style : using salvaged materials to create an elegant home
The contemporary craft of paper mache : techniques, project, inspirations
New lease of life for used cartons
Glass can be recycled forever : utilisation of End-of-Life Cathode Ray Tube glasses in ceramic and glass industry
Aluminium handbook. Vol. 2, Forming, casting, surface treatment, recycling and ecology
DIY T-shirt crafts : from braided bracelets to floor pillows, 50 unexpected ways to recycle your old t-shirts
Diy fashionista : 40 stylish projects to re-invent and update your wardrobe
Fundamental aspects on the re-use of wood based fibres : porous structure of fibres and ink detachment
Creative recycling in embroidery
The perfect handmade bag : recycle and reuse to make 35 beautiful totes, purses, and more
Sustainable fashion and textiles : design journeys
Re-use architecture
Eco-craft : recycle, recraft, restyle
Plastic recycling
Christopher's bicycle
Salvage style : 45 home & garden projects using reclaimed architectural details
Pollution prevention : waste minimization, recycling and reuse : papers from an international conference
Packaging design & environmental ethics
Sustainability of concrete
