http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1338 unsolved crimes
unsolved crimes
Scoop
Memory man
The quiet game
The X-files. Season 4.
Ashes to dust
True detective. The complete second season
Into the dark
The jazz files : Poppy Denby investigates
The little friend
Murdered : soul suspect : PlayStation 4
Murdered : soul suspect : PS4
Out of bounds
Winter house
The black box
The hanging girl : a Department Q thriller
The long and faraway gone : a novel
The Waters of Eternal Youth
Murdered : soul suspect : PlayStation 3
Harm's reach
A climate of fear
The house of eyes
The X-files. Season 8.
Gone for good
The waters of eternal youth
Murdered : soul suspect : PS3
The disappeared
The luminaries
The X-files. Season 3.
The testimony of the hanged man
A tap on the window
Backlash
Don't look back
The cantaloupe thief : a Branigan Powers mystery
Tinseltown : murder, morphine, and madness at the dawn of Hollywood
Grave secrets
The X-files : the event series
The devil and the river
The X-files. Season 7.
Back in the bad old days, when Billy Graves worked for an anti-crime unit in Harlem known as the Wild Geese, the NYPD branded him as a cowboy. Now forty, he has somehow survived and become a sergeant in Manhattan Night Watch. Mostly, his team of detectives conducts a series of holding actions - and after years in police purgatory, Billy is content simply to do his job. But soon after he gets a 3:00 a.m. call about the fatal knifing of a drunk in a Third Avenue pub, his investigation moves beyond the usual handoff to the day shift. And when he discovers that the victim was once a suspect in the unsolved murder of a 13-year-old girl, he finds himself drawn back to the late 1990s when the Wild Geese were at their most wayward. Before the case can be closed, it will severely test Billy's new sense of purpose and force him to accept that his troubled past isn't past at all
House reckoning : a Joe DeMarco thriller
Rather be the devil
In the summer of 1986, two tragedies rocked Oklahoma City. Six movie-theater employees were brutally killed in an armed robbery. Then a teenage girl vanished from the annual state fair. Neither crime was ever solved. Twenty-five years later, the reverberations of those unsolved cases continue to echo through the lives of those devastated by the crimes. Wyatt, the one teenage employee who inexplicably survived the movie-theater massacre, is now a private investigator in Las Vegas. A case unexpectedly brings him back to a hometown and a past he's tried to escape -- and drags him deeper into the harrowing mystery of the movie-house robbery that left six of his friends dead.
The cinderella murder : an under suspicion novel
Blacklight blue
Murdered : soul suspect : Xbox 360
The burning soul
Prey
The cinderella murder
A banquet of consequences
Case histories
Missing you
Strange piece of paradise
The bull of Mithros
Better late than never
The other child
Keep the midnight out
The X-files. Season 1.
A book of scars
The hard way
The dying minutes : a Daniel Jacquot novel
The front
"In the latest Library Lover's Mystery from the New York Times bestselling author of A Likely Story, a decades-overdue book puts library director Lindsey Norris hot on the trail of a cold case. When the Briar Creek Public Library holds its first overdue book amnesty day no fines for late returns the volume of incoming materials is more than Lindsey and her staff can handle. In a bind, Lindsey drafts the crafternoon ladies to help check in and sort the stacks of books. But one tardy tome catches her attention a copy of J. D. Salinger's The Catcher in the Rye, twenty years past due. When Lindsey looks up the borrower, she's shocked to discover it was a murdered schoolteacher named Candice Whitley, whose killer was never found. Candice checked out the novel on the day she was murdered. Now Lindsey wonders if it could provide a clue to the decades-old cold case. No one noticed who brought the book back in, but could it be Candice's killer? Lindsey is determined to catch the culprit one way or another, because justice for Candice Whitley is long overdue.."--
The old Victorian pier was once a thing of beauty. It's also where 21-year-old Sophie Collier vanished eighteen years ago. Francesca has spent the last 20 years haunted by the disappearance of her best friend. But when she receives a phone call from Sophie's brother saying that a body has been found she knows she can't keep hiding from what happened. With her own secrets to keep, Francesca doesn't relish the idea of digging up the past or returning to Oldcliffe. But it is time to go back to where she grew up, and it looks like she isn't the only one there hiding truths.
A Summer with Kim Novak
The Luminaries : a novel
The X-files. Season 6.
Say you're sorry
The Cinderella murder
Amos Decker, newly hired to a FBI special task force, takes an interest in convicted murderer Melvin Mars case when he discovers the eerie similarities to his own life.
Snow White Must Die by Nele Neuhaus is a tremendous new contemporary mystery series and huge international bestseller--with more than 2.5 million copies in print!On a rainy November day police detectives Pia Kirchhoff and Oliver von Bodenstein are summoned to a mysterious traffic accident: A woman has fallen from a pedestrian bridge onto a car driving underneath. According to a witness, the woman may have been pushed. The investigation leads Pia and Oliver to a small village, and the home of the victim, Rita Cramer.On a September evening eleven years earlier, two seventeen-year-old girls vanished from the village without a trace. In a trial based only on circumstantial evidence, twenty-year-old Tobias Sartorius, Rita Cramer's son, was sentenced to ten years in prison. Bodenstein and Kirchhoff discover that Tobias, after serving his sentence, has now returned to his home town. Did the attack on his mother have something to do with his return?In the village, Pia and Oliver encounter a wall of silence. When another young girl disappears, the events of the past seem to be repeating themselves in a disastrous manner. The investigation turns into a race against time, because for the villagers it is soon clear who the perpetrator is--and this time they are determined to take matters into their own hands.An atmospheric, character-driven and suspenseful mystery set in a small town that could be anywhere, dealing with issues of gossip, power, and keeping up appearances
Nothing but trouble
Secret in their eyes
The X-files. [Season 10].. The event series
The golem of Paris
The X-files. Season 2.
No time for goodbye
Blowback
"DeMarco always knew that his father Gino had a shady job for a local mafioso, but he didn't understand that Gino had been a hit man until he was murdered. Now, nearly twenty years later, one of Gino's former mob associates is dying of lung cancer, and he wants to get something off his chest before retiring to his grave: the truth about Gino's killer"--Amazon.com.
The Whites : a novel
The last mile
Murdered : soul suspect : Xbox One
The X-files. Season 5.
Dead of winter
The Rabbit Back Literature Society
Season of fear
The X-files. Season 9.
Blessed are those who thirst
Snow White must die
