http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13311 clinical microbiology
clinical microbiology
The Gold Standard for medical microbiology, diagnostic microbiology, clinical microbiology, infectious diseases due to bacteria, viruses, fungi, parasites; laboratory and diagnostic techniques, sampling and testing, new diagnostic techniques and tools, molecular biology; antibiotics/ antivirals/ antifungals, drug resistance; individual organisms (bacteria, viruses, fungi, parasites).
The desk encyclopedia of microbiology
Jawetz, Melnick, & Adelberg's medical microbiology
Microbiology : an introduction
Microbiology : with diseases by body system
The Biomedical & Life Sciences Collection
Contemporary clinical immunology and serology
Automation and Emerging Technology in Clinical Microbiology
Color atlas of medical microbiology
Infectious diseases and clinical microbiology : cases with expert commentary
Laboratory manual microbiology fundamentals: a clinical approach
Advanced techniques in diagnostic microbiology
Manual of clinical microbiology / Vol. 2
Cowan and Steel's manual for the identification of medical bacteria
Clinical laboratory microbiology
Phlebotomy basics with other laboratory techniques
Clinical microbiology made ridiculously simple
Mandell, Douglas, and Bennett's principles and practice of infectious diseases
Microbiology : fundamentals and applications
European manual of clinical microbiology
Quantitative PCR in the diagnosis and monitoring of human cytomegalovirus infection in organ transplant patients
Emerging foodborne pathogens
Methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus in Finland : recent changes in the epidemiology, long-term facility aspects, and phenotypic and molecular detection of isolates
Modern techniques for pathogen detection
Use of PCR in the diagnostics of bacterial and fungal infections
Bailey and Scott's Diagnostic microbiology
Clinical laboratory science : the basics and routine techniques
Microbiology for nurses
This laboratory manual for allied health or general microbiology has been written with the student in mind. The authors have used their years of teaching microbiology and microbiology laboratory at all levels to identify and relate the fundamental concepts that are important to the understanding of the science and students' success in their future field. They have included case studies to exemplify the relevance of the science and extensive visual imagery to help students understand and learn the content. Most importantly, the authors hope this manual will help students experience the thrill of bench science and share some of the enthusiasm they have for microbiology, a field of science that is dynamic, exciting and touches every aspect of your life.
Introduction to diagnostic microbiology for the laboratory sciences
Medical microbiology and infection at a glance
Basic laboratory procedures in clinical bacteriology
Disinfectant- and antibiotic resistant bacteria from food and clinical environments
Textbook of biochemistry : with clinical correlations
Review of medical microbiology and immunology
New insights in medical mycology
Prescott's microbiology
Bailey & Scott's diagnostic microbiology
Foodborne pathogens : an illustrated text
Manual of clinical microbiology : volume 1
Manual of clinical microbiology. Vol. 1
The science of laboratory diagnosis
Microbiology : a laboratory manual
"This book is a concise review of the medically important aspects of microbiology and immunology. It covers both the basic and clinical aspects of bacteriology, virology, mycology, parasitology, and immunology. Its two major aims are (1) to assist those who are preparing for the USMLE (National Boards) and (2) to provide students who are currently taking medical microbiology courses with a brief and up-to-date source of information. My goal is to provide the reader with an accurate source of clinically relevant information at a level appropriate for those beginning their medical education"--Provided by publisher.
Basic clinical laboratory techniques
Biomarker mRNAs for staging and prognosis of colorectal cancer
Clinical laboratory science review
Jawetz, Melnick & Adelberg's medical microbiology
Microbiology : a clinical approach
Clinical microbiology procedures handbook. Vol. 3
Manual of clinical microbiology
"Thomas M. Devlin's Textbook of Biochemistry with Clinical Correlations presents the biochemistry of mammalian cells, relates events at a cellular level to the subsequent physiological processes in the whole animal, and cites examples of human diseases derived from aberrant biochemical processes. The organization and content are tied together to provide students with the complete picture of biochemistry and how it relates to humans. Loaded with new material and chapters and brimming with detailed, full-color illustrations that clearly explain associated concepts, this sixth edition is an indispensable tool for students and professionals in the medical or health sciences." -- (Wiley)
Complement activation and regulation in mucosal infections
Clinical microbiology procedures handbook. Vol. 1
Clinical bacteriology
Textbook of diagnostic microbiology
Laboratory manual and workbook in microbiology : applications to patient care
Mims' medical microbiology
Review of medical microbiology
Bacteria in biology, biotechnology, and medicine
Gram-positive pathogens
Clinical microbiology procedures handbook
DNA methods in clinical microbiology
Clinical microbiology procedures handbook. Vol. 2
Infection control in clinical practice
Essentials of medical microbiology
Pocket guide to clinical microbiology
Microbiology : a very short introduction
Medical microbiology for nurses: including parasitology
