http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13329 menstruation
menstruation
Endometrial thermal ablation : a choice for treatment of heavy menstrual bleeding
Images of women's health : the social construction of gendered health
Power and difference : gender in island Southeast Asia
Ultrasound in the management of women with post-menopausal bleeding
Spiders & spinsters : women and mythology
Cost-effectiveness of levonorgestrel releasing intrauterine system and hysterectomy in the treatment of essential menorrhagia with selected aspects of diagnosis and pathogenesis
Diagnostic medical exposures : advice on exposure to ionising radiation during pregnancy
Blood, bread and roses : how menstruation created the world
Hysterectomy and levonorgestrel-releasing intrauterine system in the treatment of menorrhagia : a 10-year randomised comparative trial
The politics of reproductive ritual
Making sense of the teenage body : sociological perspectives on girls, changing bodies and knowledge
The new golden bough : a new abridgment of the classic work
This book examines how adolescence, menstruation and pregnancy were experienced or 'managed' by active women in Britain between 1930 and 1970, and how their athletic life-styles interacted with their working lives, marriage and motherhood. It explores the gendered barriers which have influenced women's sporting experiences. Women's lives have always been shaped by the socially and physically constructed life-cycle, and this is all the more apparent when we look at female exercise. Even self-proclaimed 'sporty' women have had to negotiate obstacles at various stages of their lives to try and maintain their athletic identity. So how did women overcome these obstacles to gain access to exercise in a time when the sportswoman was not an image society was wholly comfortable with? Oral history testimony and extensive archival research show how the physically and socially constructed female life-cycle shaped women's experiences of exercise and sport throughout these decades.
Cost-effectiveness of levonorgestrel releasing intrauterine system : Hysterectomy in the treatment of essential menorrhagia with selected aspects of diagnosis and pathogenesis
Summary.
Asymmetric dimethylarginine : assay methodology and serum levels in non-pregnant and pregnant women
Receptor-mediated uterine effects of oxytocin and vasopressin : studies of aetiological mechanisms and therapeutic options in primary dysmenorrhoea and preterm labour
The first menstruation : bodily memories of Finnish and Russian women
Impact of hysterectomy and levonorgestrel-releasing intrauterine system on ovarian function, bone and sexual health in menorrhagic patients
Love Your Lady Landscape is a healing journey through the terrain of what it is to be a woman. When a woman isn't in alignment with her feminine essence, she may experience exhaustion and overwhelm, lack sexual desire or passion for life, and generally feel “out of sync”.
Love your lady landscape : trust your gut, care for 'down there' and reclaim your fierce and feminine SHE power
The menstrual cycle and adolescent health
Common genetic influences on BMI and age at menarche
The curse : a cultural history of menstruation
Rival truths : common sense and social psychological explanations in health and illness
The stains of culture : an ethno-reading of Karaite Jewish women
The golden bough : a study in magic and religion. Part 2, Taboo and the perils of the soul
The marvel of life
The curse : confronting the last unmentionable taboo: menstruation
Wholly woman, holy blood : a feminist critique of purity and impurity
Endometrial thermal ablation:a choice for treatment of heavy menstrual bleeding
Forsaken : the menstruant in medieval Jewish mysticism
Implicit meanings : essays in anthropology
The woman in the body : a cultural analysis of reproduction
Expression of insulin-like growth factor (IGF), IGF-binding protein, and IGF receptor messenger ribonucleic acids in normal and polycystic ovaries
Exercise in the female life-cycle in Britain, 1930-1970
A decision aid and choice of treatment among women with heavy menstrual bleeding
Hysterectomy and levonorgestrel-releasing intrauterine system in the treatment of menorrhagia - a 10-year randomised comparative trial
Menstruation and the female body in early modern England
Secondary amenorrhea : etiology, clinical features and prognosis
Therapeutic amenorrhea induced with lynestrenol in mentally retarded
Treatment of menstrual disturbances
Regulating menstruation : beliefs, practices, interpretations
Managing the monstrous feminine : regulating the reproductive body
The golden bough : a study in magic and religion. 2, Taboo and the perils of the soul
Everyday discourses of menstruation : cultural and social perspectives
Obstetrics & gynaecology
Anthropological approaches to the study of ethnomedicine
Gynecological problems of mentally retarded women, with special reference to progestin-induced therapeutic amenorrhea
Effects of endurance training and season on pituitary-ovarian, -thyroid and -adrenocortical functions of female runners and joggers
Cytogenetic and clinical study on 100 cases of primary amenorrhoea
New blood : third-wave feminism and the politics of menstruation
Have you started yet? : you and your period : getting the facts straight
The menstrual cycle
We menstruate more now than at any time in human history. Girls are starting to menstruate earlier due to protein-rich diets and hormones in food; women are less likely to die young; we have fewer children and therefore spend less time not menstruating. Increased work and family stresses, in addition to more periods, mean that women are more physically and psychologically vulnerable to negative attitudes to menstruation. So it is more important than ever that we investigate ways to make our periods physically, emotionally, and spiritually healthy.
Effects of postmenopausal hot flushes and hormone therapy on quality of life and cardiovascular autonomic function
Endocrine indices of female pubertal development and maturation of the menstrual cycle
Menstruation : a cultural history
Women's bodies in classical Greek science
Impact of hysterectomy or levonorgestrel-releasing intrauterine system on ovarian function, bone, and sexual functioning in menorrhagic patients
The natural health bible for women : the complete guide for women of all ages
Metabolic and clinical characteristics of women with self-reported symptoms of polycystic ovary syndrome
Blood relations : menstruation and the origins of culture
A bold reappraisal of science and society, The Woman in the Body explores the different ways that women's reproduction is seen in American culture. Contrasting the views of medical science with those of ordinary women from diverse social and economic backgrounds, anthropologist Emily Martin presents unique fieldwork on American culture and uncovers the metaphors of economy and alienation that pervade women's imaging of themselves and their bodies. A new preface examines some of the latest medical ideas about women's reproductive cycles.
Phonetographic changes during menstrual cycle in young female singers
Everything you ever wanted to ask about .. periods
Women's health and disease : gynecologic, endocrine, and reproductive issues
Creating bodies : childbirth practices in pre-modern Karelia
The menstruation taboo as represented in the language and images of the teen magazine Sugar
Day of shining red : an essay on understanding ritual
The woman in the body : a cultural analysis of reproduction : [with a new preface]
Lymphocyte beeta2-adrenoceptor density as an indicator of sympathetic nervous activity : special reference to menstrual cycle, pregnancy, labour and delivery
Sex hormone concentrations in adolescent menstrual irregularities and the effect of oral contraceptives in adolescent oligomenorrhea
Looking for Mary Magdalene : alternative pilgrimage and ritual creativity at Catholic shrines in France
Periods : from menarche to menopause
Everything a girl needs to know about her periods
Summary in Finnish.
Monoamine transporters in female human reproduction
The complete woman's herbal : a manual of healing herbs and nutrition for personal wellbeing and family care
In early modern English medicine, the balance of fluids in the body was seen as the key to health. Menstruation was widely believed to regulate the blood level in the female body and so was extensively discussed in medical texts. In this book, Sara Read examines all forms of literature, from plays and poems, to life-writing, and compares these texts with the medical theories. Many of these literary representations show how early modern English women related to their bleeding bodies, both in their menstrual cycles and at other times of transition, from menarche to menopause. For example, how would a literate woman read about her body in the books which claimed to be guides for female health? How was menstruation presented to society in staged and printed works? As part of its attempt to recover the ways in which a woman in this era might have understood this aspect of her physiology, this book examines the key moments when menstruation and related changes were at the forefront of her experience of living in a female body.
Sex, puberty and all that stuff : a guide to qrowing up
Anne Fedele offers a comprehensive ethnography of alternative pilgrimages to French Catholic shrines dedicated to Saint Mary Magdalene. Drawing on more than three years of extensive fieldwork, she describes how pilgrims from Italy, Spain, Britain, and the United States interpret Catholic figures, symbols, and sites according to spiritual theories and practices derived from the transnational Neopagan movement. Fedele pays particular attention to the life stories of the pilgrims, the crafted rituals they perform, and the spiritual-esoteric literature they draw upon. She examines how they devise their rituals; why this kind of spirituality is increasingly prevalent in the West; and the influence of anthropological literature on the pilgrims. Among these pilgrims, spirituality is lived and negotiated in interaction with each other and with textual sources: Jungian psychology, Goddess mythology, and "indigenous" traditions merge into a corpus of theories and practices centered upon the worship of divinities such as the Goddess, Mother Earth, and the sacralization of the reproductive cycle. The pilgrims' rituals present a critique of the Roman Catholic Church and the medical establishment and have critical implications for contemporary discourses on gender. Looking for Mary Magdalene is an invaluable resource for anyone interested in ritual and pilgrimage.
Issues of blood : the politics of menstruation
Her blood is gold : reclaiming the power of menstruation
Hysteroscopic treatment of menorrhagia
Pregnancy : the inside guide : a complete guide to fertility, pregnancy and labour
This unique approach to the subject of menstruation, claims that women's feelings about their periods are shaped by men's attitudes and by the imposition of their views on women. Sophie Law's research covered men as lovers, fathers, husbands, doctors and "experts'. She suggests that men's attitudes to menstruation are inseperable from their ideas about women in general. These attitudes include the feeling that women are "naturally" inferior and that their problems may inconvenience men. Women are therefore prevented from creating their own meanings for bodily events, and are forced to observe the etiquette of silence. They are unable to have positive feelings about an undeniable aspect of being a woman. Sophie Laws is the author of "Seeing Red: The Politics of Premenstrual Tension" and "Living with Sickle Cell Disease".
A Decision aid and choice of treatment among women with heavy menstrual bleeding
Hysterectomy and levonorgestrel-releasing intrauterine system in the treatment of menorrhagia : a 10-year randomized comparative trial
Populärvetenskaplig sammanfattning, (Popularised summary in Swedish).
Intrauterine contraception : use in nulligravid women and safety aspects
Sisters unlimited : the guide to life, love, bodies and being you
Studies in Japanese folklore
Cognition and the menstrual cycle
