http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1339 cooks (restaurants)
cooks (restaurants)
Food wars : Shokugeki no soma. 9. Diamond generation
In the kitchen
Food wars! : Shokugeki no soma. 1 : Endless wilderness
By a thread
Sous chef : 24 hours in the kitchen
The cook
The spider
A celebration of women chefs : signature recipes from thirty culinary masters
Food wars! : Shokugeki no soma. 5 : The dancing chefs
Super chef : the making of the great modern restaurant empires
Make my wish come true
On cooking : a textbook of culinary fundamentals
Chef
Kitchen confidential : adventures in the culinary underbelly
Already home
Oishinbo a la carte : The joy of rice
In the Kitchen with Alain Passard : Inside the World (and Mind) of a Master Chef
Comfort food
Food wars! : Shokugeki no soma. 6 : Memories of battle
Kitchen Princess. 7
Odd hours
Get Jiro! : blood & sushi
On Cooking : a textbook for culinary fundamentals
Oishinbo a la carte : Ramen & Gyōza
Feast : food that celebrates life
Cook at home with Peter Gordon
River Cafe cook book easy
Too many cooks
New tapas : today's best bar food from Spain
Kitchen Princess. 4
"A young woman with a once-in-a-generation palate becomes the iconic chef behind the country's most coveted dinner reservation"--
My life in France
The bedroom secrets of the master chefs
Nigel Haworth's obsession : 54 chefs & 128 recipes
The nasty bits  : collected cuts, useable trim, scraps and bones
Fine dining : made easy
Profiles from the kitchen : what great cooks have taught us about ourselves and our food
Souper mum
Medium Raw : A Bloody Valentine to the World of Food and the People Who Cook
Food wars! : Shokugeki no soma. 11. The sun always rises
The realfood cookbook
Great cooks and their recipes : from Taillevent to Escoffier
The soul of the chef : the journey toward perfection
A taste for love
Tangled threads
Johnny Hiro : half Asian, all hero
"Julia Child is synonymous with French cooking, but her legacy runs much deeper. Now, her great-nephew and My Life in France coauthor vividly recounts the myriad ways in which she profoundly shaped how we eat today. He shows us Child in the aftermath of the publication of Mastering the Art of French Cooking, suddenly finding herself America's first lady of French food and under considerable pressure to embrace her new mantle. We see her dealing with difficult colleagues and the challenges of fame, ultimately using her newfound celebrity to create what would become a totally new type of food television. Every bit as entertaining, inspiring, and delectable as My Life in France, The French Chef in America uncovers Julia Child beyond her "French chef" persona and reveals her second act to have been as groundbreaking and adventurous as her first,"--Amazon.com.
Food wars : Shokugeki no soma. 8. Pour your heart into it
Odd Thomas
Food wars! : Shokugeki no soma. 7 : Wolf pack
Spider's trap
Dreamveil : a novel of the Kyndred
Sous chef : 24 hours on the line
An executive sous chef who has worked alongside cooks from some of the nation's leading restaurants documents an intense twenty-four-hour period that illuminates the allures and adversities of a professional culinary life.
Food wars! : Shokugeki no soma. 4 : Resemblances
Ferran : the inside story of El Bulli and the man who reinvented the food
The menial art of cooking : archaeological studies of cooking and food preparation
Oishinbo a la carte : Vegetables
Oishinbo a la carte : Izakaya : pub food
Emeril! : inside the amazing success of today's most popular chef
Oishinbo a la carte : Japanese cuisine
Kitchen Princess. 5
Superchefs : signature recipes from America's new royalty
The people's chef : Alexis Soyer, a life on seven courses
The sorcerer's apprentices : a season at elBulli
Off duty : the world's greatest chefs cook at home
If you can stand the heat : tales from chefs & restaurateurs
Food wars! : Shokugeki no soma. 3, The perfect resette
A change of plans
Away from the kitchen : favorite regional chefs reveal, confess, and speak out
When Lars Thorvald's wife, Cynthia, falls in love with wine -- and a dashing sommelier -- he's left to raise their baby, Eva, on his own. He's determined to pass on his love of food to his daughter -- starting with puréed pork shoulder. As Eva grows, she finds her solace and salvation in the flavors of her native Minnesota. From Scandinavian lutefisk to hydroponic chocolate habaneros, each ingredient represents one part of Eva's journey as she becomes the star chef behind a legendary and secretive pop-up supper club, culminating in an opulent and emotional feast that's a testament to her spirit and resilience. Each chapter in J. Ryan Stradal's debut tells the story of a single dish and character, at once capturing the zeitgeist of the Midwest, the rise of foodie culture, and delving into the ways food creates community and a sense of identity. Kitchens of the Great Midwest is also an unexpected mother-daughter story about the bittersweet nature of life -- its missed opportunities and its joyful surprises.
The professional personal chef : the business of doing business as a personal chef
Chefs without borders = Peakokad Ida-Virumaal
Finn first in galaxy of gourmet : Michael Björklund
Oishinbo a la carte : Sake
Julie Dannenbaum's Creative Cooking School
On cooking : techniques from expert chefs
The hundred-foot journey
Julie and Julia : my year of cooking dangerously
Odd interlude : a special Odd Thomas adventurel
Taking the heat : women chefs and gender inequality in the professional kitchen
Oishinbo a la carte : Fish, sushi, sashimi
Blood, bones & butter : the inadvertent education of a reluctant chef
Pass the prosecco, darling! : cooking disasters and other kitchen dramas
The expert cook in enlightenment France
A history of cooks & cooking
Kitchens of the great Midwest
A cook's tour : in search of the perfect meal
The sorcerer's apprentices : a season in the kitchen at Ferran Adrià's elBulli
Food wars! : Shokugeki no soma. 2 : Ice queen and the Spring storm
River Cafe : Italian kitchen
Relish : the extraordinary life of Alexis Soyer, Victorian celebrity chef
Kitchen Princess. 6
Spilling the beans
Cook with Jamie : my guide to making you a better cook
The making of a chef : mastering heat at the Culinary Institute of America
Johnny Hiro : the skills to pay the bills
Rick Stein's food heroes : another helping
Cooking school secrets for real world cooks
The hunger and the howling of Killian Lone
The French chef in America : Julia Child's second act
Becoming a chef : with recipes and reflections from America's leading chefs
Dead heat
Michael Field's cooking school : a selection of great recipes demonstrating the pleasures and principles of fine cooking
Himmler's cook
Kitchen Princess. 3
Food wars : Shokugeki no soma. 10. Conditions for battle
Jamie's dinners : the essential cookbook
