http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13313 melancholy
melancholy
"Stories from a lost American classic "in the same arena as Alice Munro" (Lydia Davis) "In the field of short fiction, Lucia Berlin is one of America's best kept secrets. That's it. Flat out. No mitigating conditions." (Paul Metcalf) A Manual for Cleaning Women compiles the best work of the legendary short-story writer Lucia Berlin. With her trademark blend of humor and melancholy, Berlin crafts miracles from the everyday--uncovering moments of grace in the cafeterias and Laundromats of the American Southwest, in the homes of the Northern California upper classes, and from the perspective of a cleaning woman alone in a hotel dining room in Mexico City. The women of Berlin's stories are lost, but they are also strong, clever, and extraordinarily real. They are hitchhikers, hard workers, bad Christians. With the wit of Lorrie Moore and the grit of Raymond Carver, they navigate a world of jockeys, doctors, and switchboard operators. They laugh, they mourn, they drink. Berlin, a highly influential writer despite having published little in her lifetime, conjures these women from California, Mexico, and beyond. Lovers of the short story will not want to miss this remarkable collection from a master of the form"--
The tears of Narcissus : melancholia and masculinity in early modern writing
Coleridge's melancholia : an anatomy of limbo
They do things differently there : essays on cultural history
Depression and narrative : telling the dark
"In Inhuman Citizenship, Juliana Chang claims that literary representations of Asian American domesticity may be understood as symptoms of America's relationship to its national fantasies and to the "jouissance"--a Lacanian term signifying a violent yet euphoric shattering of the self--that both overhangs and underlies those fantasies. In the national imaginary, according to Chang, racial subjects are often perceived as the source of jouissance, which they supposedly embody through their excesses of violence, sexuality, anger, and ecstasy--excesses that threaten to overwhelm the social order.To examine her argument that racism ascribes too much, rather than a lack of, humanity, Chang analyzes domestic accounts by Asian American writers, including Fae Myenne Ng's Bone, Brian Ascalon Roley's American Son, Chang-rae Lee's Native Speaker, and Suki Kim's The Interpreter."
The melancholy art
Romantic moods : paranoia, trauma, and melancholy, 1790-1840
Anatomy of melancholy
Ferocious things : Jean Rhys and the politics of women's melancholia
Melancholy and culture : essays on the diseases of the soul in Golden Age Spain
Born under Auschwitz : melancholy traditions in postwar German literature
Between two deaths : [ZKM, Karlsruhe, May 12 - August 19, 2007] / editors: Ellen Blumenstein, Felix Ensslin
Loss : the politics of mourning
Emotions and health, 1200-1700
On murder, mourning and melancholia
At home in the world : a study in psychoanalysis, religion, and art
Rewriting loss : melancholia, ethics, and aesthetics in selected works by Chuang Hua, Maxine Hong Kingston, and Fae Myenne Ng.
The little book of hope : collected writings on depression, despair & melancholy
A field guide to melancholy
From melancholy to humour
The melancholy of race : psychoanalysis, assimilation, and hidden grief
An emergency in slow motion : the inner life of Diane Arbus
Inhuman citizenship : traumatic enjoyment and Asian American literature
Negotiating Loss and Betrayal : melancholic ethics and narrative agency in Fae Myenne Ng's Bone and Steer toward rock
States of Nordic melancholia in Juhani Aho's Yksin (Alone, 1890)
Rewriting loss : melancholia, ethics, and aesthetics in selected works by Chuang Hua, Maxine Hong Kingston, and Fae Myenne Ng
The anatomy of melancholy : now for the first time with the Latin completely given in translation and embodied in an all-English text
The anatomy of melancholy. Vol. 4, Commentary up to Part.1, Sect. 2, Memb. 3, Subs. 15, 'Misery of Schollers'
Magnus Enckell's melancholy
Magnus Enckellin Melankolia = Magnus Enckells Melankolia = Magnus Enckell's Melancholy / Salme Sarajas-Korte
The dark side of genius : the melancholic persona in art, ca. 1500-1700
"Dotage without fever" : towards a cultural history of melancholia
Melancholy as an aesthetic emotion
The tears of things : melancholy and physical objects
Black sun : depression and melancholia
Melancholy and the archive : trauma, memory, and history in the contemporary novel
Cultures of the death drive : Melanie Klein and modernist melancholia
The new black : mourning, melancholia and depression
Speaking of sadness : depression, disconnection, and the meanings of illness
Distracted subjects : madness and gender in Shakespeare and early modern culture
Head cases : Julia Kristeva on philosophy and art in depressed times
Gender and emotion : social psychological perspectives
This will end in tears : the miserabilist guide to music
Rufus of Ephesus' treatise On Melancholy represents perhaps the most influential medical monograph from the late first century AD, since his notion of melancholy links two diverse aspects: black bile as a cause for madness and depression and as a sign of intellectual genius. Rufus combines concepts of melancholy developed in the Aristotelian philosophy with concepts of famous physicians such as Hippocrates and Diocles. His ideas strongly influenced subsequent generations of physicians, and especially Galen, and dominated discourses on the topic during the Middle Ages and the Renaissance. Moreover, the reception of Rufus' concepts was not limited to the Western world; in medieval Muslim culture, in particular, his work enjoyed great fame and favor, and many intellectuals read it eagerly.
Melancholy, medicine and religion in early modern England : reading "The anatomy of melancholy"
The future of an illusion
Moody minds distempered : essays on melancholy and depression
Cheer up your teddy bear, Emily Brown!
Melancholy and the care of the soul : religion, moral philosophy and madness in early modern England
The complete CBT guide for depression and low mood
On melancholy
Melancholy is not only about sadness, despair, and loss. As Renaissance artists and philosophers acknowledged long ago, it can engender a certain kind of creativity born from a deep awareness of the mutability of life and the inevitable cycle of birth and death. Drawing on psychoanalysis, philosophy, and the intellectual history of the history of art, The Melancholy Art explores the unique connections between melancholy and the art historian's craft.
The gendering of melancholia : feminism, psychoanalysis, and the symbolics of loss in Renaissance literature
Kind of blue : emotions experienced in relation to nominally sad music
Beyond melancholy : sadness and selfhood in Renaissance England
Depression : self-consciousness, pretending, and guilt
The literature of melancholia : early modern to postmodern
Burmese days ; Keep the aspidistra flying ; Coming up for air
IDLE THOUGHTS OF AN IDLE FELLOW
The sad princess
The anatomy of melancholy. Vol.5, Commentary from part. 1, sect. 2, memb. 4, subs. 1 to the end of the second partition
Modernism and melancholia : writing as countermourning
The emotional separation of boys from their mothers in early childhood enables them to connect with their fathers and their fathers' world. But this separation also produces a melancholic reaction of sadness and sense of loss. Certain religious sensibilities develop out of this melancholic reaction, including a sense of honor, a sense of hope, and a sense of humor. Realizing that they cannot return to their original maternal environment, men, whether knowingly or not, embark on a lifelong search for a sense of being at home in the world. At Home in the World focuses on works of art as a means to explore the formation and continuing expression of men's melancholy selves and their religious sensibilities. These explorations include such topics as male viewers' mixed feelings toward the maternal figure, physical settings that offer alternatives to the maternal environment, and the maternal resonances of the world of nature. By presenting images of the natural world as the locus of peace and contentment, At Home in the World especially reflects of the religious sensibility of hope.
For ages, women have been considered as the emotional sex. The aim of this book is to investigate this stereotype. A wide range of emotions, such as anger, pride, shame, sadness, and joy, and emotional expressions, such as smiling and laughing are covered in the various chapters. The purpose of each chapter is to show whether sex differences have been found in psychological research in relation to one of these aspects of emotion, in which situations these differences were especially strong, and how (the absence of) these differences can be explained. This book is the first in its field to systematically present an overview of research and theory on gender differences in emotion.
The writing of melancholy : modes of opposition in early French modernism
On creaturely life : Rilke, Benjamin, Sebald
Mental health, spirituality, and religion in the Middle Ages and Early Modern Age
The loss of sadness : how psychiatry transformed normal sorrow into depressive disorder
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary).
Scents, objects, places : memories and experiences of melancholia in art
The high mountains of Portugal
A manual for cleaning women : selected stories
The Gormenghast trilogy : Titus Groan, Gormenghast, Titus alone/ Mervyn Peake ;[interior illustrations by Mervyn Peake]
All the glory of Adam : liturgical anthropology in the Dead Sea Scroll
Delvaux and antiquity
Melancholia : the Western malady
The color of melancholy : the uses of books in the fourteenth century
Melancholic migrating bodies in contemporary Polish women's writing
Between figurative and non-figurative - notes on contemporary art
The mysterious flame of Queen Loana : an illustrated novel
Blake's night thoughts
As a weasel sucks eggs : an essay on melancholy and cannibalism
Depressive symptoms, metabolic syndrome and diet
Flashbacks. 4, Heartbreakers 1927-1946 : blue & lonely
Choosing life : discourses of suicide in Michael Cunningham's The hours
Aesthetics and emotions / Rakel Kallio
The nature of melancholy : from Aristotle to Kristeva
The debate over the origin of genius during the Italian Renaissance : the theories of supernatural frenzy and natural melancholy in accord and in conflict on the threshold of the scientific revolution
Philosophy and melancholy : Benjamin's early reflections on theater and language
The other side of joy : religious melancholy among the Bruderhof
Apocalypse and genesis : the poetics of sanguine temperament
Displaced Desires: The Dislocated Self and Melancholic Desire in Chuang Hua's Crossings and Fae Myenne Ng's Steer Toward Rock
Emotions and life : perspectives from psychology, biology, and evolution
Against happiness : in praise of melancholy
Lovesickness and gender in early modern English literature
In strenuous tongue : hysteria and melancholy as discursive practices
Panic and mourning : the cultural work of trauma
The anatomy of melancholy, what it is : with all the kinds, causes, symptomes, prognostics, and several cures of it : in three partitions, with their several sections, ... , to which is prefixed, a satyrical preface, ..
The worlds of Renaissance melancholy : Robert Burton in context
I hate myself and want to die : the 52 most depressing songs you've ever heard
Meaning and melancholy in the thought of Emmanuel Levinas
Common scents : comparative encounters in high-Victorian fiction
When terror becomes beauty
The high mountains of Portugal : a novel
The aesthetics of disengagement : contemporary art and depression / Christine Ross
A mode of melancholy : a study of William Styron's novels
"The Anatomy of Melancholy, first published in 1621, is one of the greatest works of early modern English prose writing, yet it has received little substantial literary criticism in recent years. This study situates Robert Burton's complex work within three related contexts: religious, medical and literary/rhetorical. Analysing Burton's claim that his text should have curative effects on his melancholic readership, it examines the authorial construction of the reading process in the context of other early modern writing, both canonical and non-canonical, providing a new approach towards the emerging field of the history of reading. Lund responds to Burton's assertion that melancholy is an affliction of body and soul which requires both a spiritual and a corporal cure, exploring the theological complexion of Burton's writing in relation to English religious discourse of the early seventeenth century, and the status of his work as a medical text"--Provided by publisher.
