http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13363 sociology of working life
sociology of working life
Crafting selves : power, gender, and discourses of identity in a Japanese workplace
The mythology of work / : how capitalism persists despite itself
This new work explores the meaning and implications of professionalism as a form of social organization. Eliot Freidson formalizes professionalism by treating it as an ideal type grounded in the political economy he presents the concept as a third logic, or a more viable alternative to consumerism and bureaucracy. He asks us to imagine a world where workers with specialized knowledge and the ability to provide society with especially important services can organize and control their own work, without directives from management or the influence of free markets. Freidson then appraises the present status of professionalism, exploring how traditional and national variations in state policy and organization are influencing the power and practice of such professions as medicine and law. Widespread attacks by neoclassical economists and populists, he contends, are obscuring the social value of credentialism and monopolies. The institutions that sustain professionalism in our world are simply too useful to both capital and state to dismiss.
Economic sociology of work
Work and employment in liberal democratic societies
"Sociology, Work and Industry has been restructured and updated throughout. It includes a newly written opening chapter which, in addition to explaining the distinctiveness of the sociological perspective, provides guidance on researching and analysing work practices and institutions. It will be essential reading for anybody studying the sociology of work, work organisations and industry."--BOOK JACKET.
What are the contemporary trends in workplace restructuring and the sociological impact on workers' lives? Around what concepts will work be organized and groups and individuals motivated in their work into the new century? To give you definition and answers to these contemporary questions, the editors of the sociological quarterly, Work and Occupations, assembled Working in Restructured Workplaces. It addresses contradictory influences in contemporary workplace restructuring, its impact on workers' lives, and the direction and nature of future changes in the workplace. This authentic collection of sociological thought and research consists of previous works in Work and Occupations and some commissioned specifically for this book to focus on the nature, causes, and consequences of workplace restructuring. The editors introduce a new concept of 'workplace restructuring' to broaden your perspective and then assess implications for workers and their lives. The chapters address four major themes: reconfiguring workplace status hierarchies, casualization of employment relationships, restructuring and worker marginalization, comparative labor responses to global restructuring. The last two chapters chart new research agendas on the boundaries and durability of workplace restructuring.
Home and work : negotiating boundaries through everyday life
The history of labour management in Japan
The firm in society and the society in the firm : comparative organization analysis as an element in the exploration of the multidimensional reality of industrial working life
Occupations and society
Industrial relations and the social order
The affluent worker. [1], Industrial attitudes and behaviour
Work and power : the liberation of work and the control of political power
Work : personal lives and social policy
About time : the revolution in work and family life
Work and organizations in China after thirty years of transition
Workplace industrial relations and technical change
The transformation of jobless movement and the segregation of the unemployed in Finland since the 1990s
'Managing' stress : emotion and power at work
Gender, identity and the culture of organizations
Scientists in industry : conflict and accommodation
Human relations in the restaurant industry
Working in restructured workplaces : challenges and new directions for the sociology of work
This edited volume on "Identities at Work" brings together international theory and empirical research that deals with continuity and change of identity formation processes at work under conditions of modern working processes and labour market flexibility. By bringing together perspectives from sociology, psychology, organisational management and vocational education and training the contributions in this volume connect the debates of skills formation, human resources development and careers with individual's work commitment and professional orientations in various ways. With this focus, the volume presents a new research perspective based on an interdisciplinary and international approach. We argue that in times of globalisation and rapidly changing work realities such an approach is needed to better understand and analyse what is required to equip and prepare the workforce to meet international labour market demands. In this sense, the publication shall serve as a useful resource to researchers and policy makers working in the fields of skills formation, human resources development and organisational management.
Industrial sociology : work in the French tradition
A sociology of work in Japan
Advances in social and organizational factors
Management and organisational behaviour
Woman's place : options and limits in professional careers
Obligations, loyalties, conflicts : highly educated women and family life in Nairobi, Kenya
Working in the service society
Work, industry, and Canadian society
Industrial sociology : an introduction to the sociology of work relations
Work and society : sociological approaches, themes and methods
Harun Farocki accompanied a consulting firm with his camera for more than a year to make his new documentary film "Ein Neues Produkt" (A New Product). Between the lines of manager rhetoric, central questions on the structure of new working environments are broached in Farocki's film: which role does architecture play in terms of the organisation of working processes? How are societal changes reflected in the company structures? How do consultants try to anticipate economic trends and their effects on the working structures in companies? The film provides the occasion for a reader on the theme of contemporary working environments. One chapter of the book documents an important scene in the film with subtitles. This documentation of around 30 pages is embedded in an anthology of six essays and a detailed interview.
Gender, work and social change : beyond dualistic thinking
Social institutions and economic performance : studies of industrial relations in advanced capitalist economies
The division of labor in society
Schö˜ne neue Arbeit : ein Reader zu Harun Farockis Film Ein neues Produkt = Brave new work : a reader on Harun Farocki's film A new product
The experience of work
Education, employment and leisure : a study of "ordinary" young people
Research in the sociology of organizations : a research annual
New office information technology : human and managerial implications
The semi-professions and their organization : teachers, nurses, social workers
Helping women at work : the women's industrial council, 1889-1914
Professionalism, the third logic : on the practice of knowledge
Sociology, work and organisation
The changing culture of a factory
The sociology of work : an introduction
The changing nature of work
Sociology of work : perspectives, analyses, and issues
Beyond hierarchy : gender, sexuality and the social economy
New impacts on industrial relations : internationalization and changing production strategies
Motivation and performance : a guide to motivating a diverse workforce
Structuring in organizations : ecosystem theory evaluated
Organizational behaviour : a critical introduction
The making and unmaking of precarity : some concluding remarks
The culture of the new capitalism
Cross-cultural effectiveness : a study of Canadian technical advisors overseas = L'efficacité interculturelle : une étude des conseillers techniques canadiens à l'étranger
Leadership in organizations
Management-subordinate relations in industrial organizations
How to respond to the needs of working parents has become a pressing social policy issue in contemporary Western Europe. This book highlights the politicising of parenthood in the Scandinavian welfare states - focusing on the relationship between parents and the state, and the ongoing renegotiations between the public and the private. Drawing on new empirical research, leading Scandinavian academics provide an up-to-date record and critical synthesis of Nordic work-family reforms since the 1990s. A broad range of policies targeting working parents is examined including: the expansion of childcare services as a social right; parental leave; cash benefits for childcare; and working hours regulations. The book also explores policy discourses, scrutinises outcomes, and highlights the similarities and differences between Nordic countries through analysis of comparative statistical data and national case studies. Set in the context of economic restructuring and the growing influence of neo-liberal ideology, each chapter addresses concerns about the impact of policies on the gender relations of parenthood. "Politicising Parenthood in Scandinavia" is a timely contribution to ongoing policy debates on welfare state models, parenthood and gender equality. It will be of particular interest to students and teachers of welfare studies, family policy and gender studies.
The division of labour in society
Social control in industrial organisations : industrial relations and industrial sociology: a strategic and occupational study of British steelmaking
Gender and labour in Korea and Japan : sexing class
People at work : investigating social-psychological contexts
Beyond the cubicle : job insecurity, intimacy and the flexible self
The nature of work : sociological perspectives
Sociology, work and industry
Social consequences of a change in ownership : two case studies in industrial enterprises in the Czech Republic - spring 1993
Research in the sociology of work. Vol. 8, Deviance in the workplace
Convergence or divergence? : comparing recent social trends in industrial societies
This text provides a comprehensive survey of the major theories and research on leadership and managerial effectiveness in formal organizations with practical suggestions for improving leadership skills.
The gender and racial composition of the American workforce is rapidly changing. As more women in particular enter the workforce and as they enter jobs that have traditionally been dominated by men, issues related to sex and gender in work settings have become increasingly important and complex. Research addressing sex and gender in the workplace is conducted in several distinct disciplines, ranging from psychology and sociology to management and economics. Further, books on gender at work often reflect either a more traditional management perspective or a more recent feminist perspective; rarely however, are these two orientations on women and work acknowledged within the same text. Thus, the principle goal of the book is to communicate a variety of social psychological literatures and research on gender issues that affect work behaviors to upper-level undergraduate and graduate students in applied psychology and business.
Organizations in industry : strategy, structure, and selection
Power, authority and restrictive practices : a sociological essay on industrial relations
Understanding industrial society : a sociological guide
Sociology of occupations and professions
The psychodynamics of organizations
Industrial man : selected readings
The Peter principle
Management and industry in Russia : formal and informal relations in the period of transformation
Workplace industrial relations and the global challenge
Politicising parenthood in Scandinavia : gender relations in welfare states
Life on the line in contemporary manufacturing : the workplace experience of lean production and the "Japanese" model
Power in the workplace : the politics of production at AT&T
Industrial sociology
Professionals out of work
Enemies of the people : whistle-blowing and the sociology of tragedy
Sociology, work & industry
Work and inequality in urban China
Management and the worker : an account of a research program conducted by the Western Electric Company, Hawthorne Works, Chicago
Sociology, work, and industry
The sociology of work
The gendering of inequalities : women, men and work
Women and men in organizations : sex and gender issues at work
The cultural study of work
The sociology of work : structures and inequalities
The social organization of industrial conflict : control and resistance in the workplace
The precarization effect
Day job : a workplace reader for the restless age
Occupational subcultures in the workplace
The sociology of economic life
Work : a critique
The organization and its ecosystem : a theory of structuring in organizations
The transformation of work
Working
In search for a Russian knowledge worker
Identities at work
Industry and society in Europe : stability and change in Britain, Germany and France
Tales from the new shop floor : inside the real jobs of the information economy
The humanized workplace : a psychological, historical, and practical perspective
Portraits of the Japanese workplace : Labor movements, workers, and managers
