http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1333 family names
family names last names
The Penguin dictionary of British surnames
Surnames in Finland on the threshold of the new millennium
Personal names in Asia : history, culture, and identity
Processes by which family-name systems emerge
How surnames began
Marriage migration and skills : narratives of Latvian women in Finland
A dictionary of British surnames
Scottish clan and family names : their arms, origins and tartans
Catalogue of the generic names of ciliates
The surnames of Ireland
The Wordsworth dictionary of surnames
Dictionary of American family names
Itämerensuomalainen kulttuurialue = The Fenno-Baltic cultural area : symposiumi : Congressus Octavus Internationalis Fenno-Ugristarum, Jyväskylä 12.8. 1995
Gaga feminism : sex, gender, and the end of normal
A Chinese name to Cherish : Choosing an auspicious name for your baby
The Guinness book of names
"One of the less discussed achievements of the women's movement is the option to reject the patronymic naming system, i.e. the convention of women replacing their own family names by their husbands' names when they get married. This book offers an analysis of Israeli women's naming practices while tracing vocabularies of nationalism, orientalism and individualism in women's accounts. Such vocabularies are claimed to reinforce the local dominance of familism rendering women's sense of belonging, ambivalent. The book is an account of women's agency and positioning operating within ethnic stratification structures, showing how the achievements of the women's movement require continuous organized protection"--Provided by publisher.
A dictionary of English and Welsh surnames with special American instances
A history both finnish and european : history and the culture of historical writing in Finland during the imperial period
Contacts between the Baltic and Finnic languages
Aggression and community : paradoxes of Andalusian culture
Feminism, family, and identity in Israel : women's marital names
A type of Finnish and Hungarian family names (the father name type)
You name it : perspectives on onomastic research
Settlement names in the Uralian languages
Names, ethnicity and populations : tracing identity in space
Finnish family names
H. D. and Freud : bisexuality and a feminine discourse
An atlas of English surnames
The means of naming : a social and cultural history of personal naming in western Europe
The gender perspective
A dictionary of English surnames
The roots of the families called Kiviniemi
The changing of surnames in Finland during the twentieth century, particularly in 1906 and 1935
Names of persons : national usages for entry in catalogues
"The world's population negotiates a multiplicity of naming systems. Some are compatible with the "normative" system of the world of passports and identity cards but a great many are not. This is particularly true in Asia, a region with some of the most sophisticated naming devices found anywhere in the world, including nicknames and teknonyms, religious and corporation names, honor and death names, pseudonyms and retirement names, house names and clan names, local and foreign names, official and private names. People across the continent carry multiple names meaningful to different audiences. Some are used only in family relations while others locate individuals in terms of gender, ethnicity, religion, caste, class, and nation. The centrality of names to many of the crucial debates and preoccupations of the modern world - identity, hybridity, migration, nationalism, multi-culturalism, globalization - makes it particularly surprising that there has been little systematic comparative exploration of Asian names and naming systems.This path-breaking volume classifies and theorizes the systems underlying naming practices in Asia, especially in Southeast Asia where systems are abundant and fluid. Using historical and socio-anthropological perspectives, the authors of this exceptionally close collaborative effort show the intricate connections between naming systems, notions of personhood and the prevailing ethos of interpersonal relations. They also show how the peoples of Asia are fashioning new types of naming and different ways of identifying themselves to suit the demands of a changing world." --Publisher's description.
Szomory from Weisz
Czech and Slovak Čalfa (< Hungarian Csalfa) : a Dictus name
Scottish surnames
This is my name forever : the Trinity & gender language for God
The nomina of the Samnites : a checklist
Summary.
A dictionary of surnames
An illustrated history of Ireland
Slovar' anglijskih familij : okolo 22700 familij = A dictionary of English surnames
In the name of the family
Dictionary of Russian personal names : with a revised guide to stress and morphology
Etymology versus etiology in the study of deethnonymical and detoponymical names : the case of the Hungarian family name Görög (With remarks on some Ashkenazic family names and Yiddish place names)
With summaries in English.
A history of British surnames
The Oxford names companion
Names and Nunavut : culture and identity in Arctic Canada
An inherited name as the foundation of a person's identity: How the memory of a dead person lived on in the names of his or her descendants
Jewish family names and their origins : an etymological dictionary
Swedish family names in Finland
Surname landscape in the county of Fermanagh : a unique and inclusive picture of the community
Names in the frame : a study of the popularity of forenames in England and Wales from the 1950s to the 1990s
The Penguin dictionary of surnames
Scottish surnames and families
Latvian and Lithuanian family names
Suomalainen sukunimikartasto = Atlas of Finnish surnames. 2, Karjalassa esiintyneet nimet = Karelian names
Finnish house names and their connection with surnames
Book of Indian names
Gadolin, Salin, Tammelin, Wallin : on a scholarly name type in Finland
