http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13343 steam engines
steam engines
Preserved steam album
Planet Steam
The cycles of Finnish progressive rock
250 years of steam
Stephen Biesty's incredible cross-sections
The steam engine : a brief history of the reciprocating engine
A practical guide to steam turbine technology
James Watt : craftsman & engineer
Steam wagons in colour
Thermodynamics for dummies
Theory and design of steam and gas turbines
Fossil capital : the rise of steam power and the roots of global warming
Perfecting the American steam locomotive
Prime movers for generation of electricity : A : steam turbines
An expanding world : [hot-air balloons, bikes, cars, steam engines ... the science, the models and you]
Richard Trevithick : the engineer and the man
Small scale Russian steam turbines in biomass fuelled power plants in CHP applications
A century of steam trains
Enhancement of the boiler design process by the use of expert system technology
Power system stability and control
Combustion in piston engines : its technology, evolution, diagnosis, execution, and control
The marine steam-engine
Marine steam engines and turbines
Power from steam : a history of the stationary steam engine
Locomotive insulation
"How capitalism first promoted fossil fuels with the rise of steam power The more we debate about the catastrophic implications of climate change, the more fossil fuels we continue to burn. How did we get caught up in this mess? In this masterful new history, Malm claims that it all began in Britain with the rise of steam power. So why did manufacturers turn from traditional fuels, notably water, to steam? Overturning established theories of the transition and offering a radically new view of our warming world, this study shows how steam was adopted as a superior source of power. Two centuries later, the inheritors of that power continue to profit from "business as usual," as the world heads toward irreversible catastrophe. Malm examines the history of resistance to fossil fuels and surveys the obstacles to the transition to renewable energy so urgently needed today. Then as now, energy choices are determined in struggles over power"--$cProvided by publisher
The icebreakers Tarmo and Suur Töll : comparing the engines
The most powerful idea in the world : a story of steam, industry, and invention
Höyrykonemuseo : opas = Steam Engine Museum : guide
The world's railways : the history and development of rail transport
James Watt
God speed the plow : the coming of steam cultivation to Great Britain
Planet Steam is a game of cutthroat economic conflict in a steam-powered world for 2 to 5 players. Players extract and sell resources to amass the most wealth by the end of the game. Create shortages or flood the market with resources to stymie your opponents. Are ypu canny enough to turn a handfull of credits into a fortune?
Reed's guide to the use and management of yacht, trawler & launch engines including deck and auxiliary machinery = Light marine machinery
Stationary steam engines
Masterpieces in steam : last steam locomotives of the world
Operation of machinery in ships : steam turbines, boilers and auxiliary plant
A guide to Kew bridge steam museum
STEAM TRACTION ENGINES, WAGONSAND ROLLERS IN..
Marks' standard handbook for mechanical engineers
