http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1334 personal names
personal names
Shutter island
A lexicon of Greek personal names. Volume V.B, Coastal Asia Minor: Caria to Cilicia
Functional requirements for subject authority data (FRSAD) : a conceptual model
Handbook of pseudonyms and personal nicknames
Images evoked by sound iconism in personal names in fantasy literature : according to experiences of 11-12-year-old children
The prosopography of the later Roman empire. Vol. 3 B, A.D. 527-641 : Kâlâdji - Zudius
The Virgin book of baby names
Literature of Somali onomastics & proverbs with comparison of foreign sayings
West Semitic personal names in the Murašû documents
An inherited name as the foundation of a person's identity: How the memory of a dead person lived on in the names of his or her descendants
Grammar of African names : a guide to the appreciation of the cosmic significance of Nigerian and Ghanian names
Studies in the personal names of Genesis 1-11
Abstract: Edhina ekogidho - names as links.
Finnish summary.
The Oxford dictionary of English Christian names
The prosopography of the Neo-Assyrian empire. Volume 3, Part II, Š-Z
The complete who's who in the Bible : [an exhaustive listing of all the characters in the Bible]
Seeing writing
The prosopography of the later Roman empire. Vol. 2, A.D. 395-527
A philological and literary treatise on the Old Testament divine names ['el, 'aelôah, 'aelohîm, and jahwae[sup h]]
Collins Gem Babies names
The language of names
Names, ethnicity and populations : tracing identity in space
Jewish family names and their origins : an etymological dictionary
No abstract
Nominum ratio : aspects of the use of personal names in Greek and Latin
Numele şi numirea : interferenţe multietnice în antroponimie = Name and naming : multiethnic connections in anthroponymy = Nom et dénomination : interférences multiethniques dans l'anthroponymie
Personal names in Asia : history, culture, and identity
Epitheta hominum apud Homerum : The epithetic phrases for the Homeric heroes : a repertory of the descriptive expressions for the human characters of the Iliad and the Odyssey
Romanization of Arabic names : proceedings of the International Symposium on Arabic Transliteration Standard: Challenges and Solutions, Abu Dhabi, UAE, 15-16 December 2009
From Vindictus Viridian to Kosto Onsuloinen : translation of personal names in 'Harry Potter and the philosopher's stone'
Personal names in the Phoenician and Punic inscriptions : a catalog, grammatical study and glossary of elements
Dictionary of Russian personal names : with a revised guide to stress and morphology
Translating personal names in Richard Adam's novel 'Watership down'
Names of persons : national usages for entry in catalogues
Kinds of literature : an introduction to the theory of genres and modes
Double names and elite strategy in Roman Egypt
Isis in Babylonia?
The personal names of the Latin inscriptions in Bulgaria
The pre-Hellenistic Israelite anthroponymy and prosopography
Denominando il mondo. Dal nome comune al nome proprio : Atti del simposio internazionale, Zara, 1 - 4 settembre 2004 = Naming the world. From common nouns to proper names. Proceedings from the international symposium, Zadar, September 1st - 4th, 2004
The Shakespeare name dictionary
Personal names and cultural identity in Namibia
Baby Names 2016
Dictionary of American family names
Baby Names 2012
Vocatives in present-day English
Chinese surnames and the genetic differences between north and south China
Kingship in the Early Mesopotamian Onomasticon 2800-2200 BCE
Personal names and naming : an annotated bibliography
Summary: Eeva Törmänen eller Eva Dørmænen? The encounter between the Finnish and the Norwegian anthroponymic system in Norway.
Their primary focus is the United States, which from its beginnings has been conspicuously preoccupied with identity, self-definition, and self-invention while sharing the concerns of other societies distant in time and place.
Names and naming patterns in England 1538-1700
Slovar' anglijskih ličnyh imen : 4000 imen = Dictionary of English personal names
These are the names : studies in Jewish onomastics. Vol. 2
The virgin book of baby names
These are the names : studies in Jewish onomastics. Vol. 1
35.000+ BABY NAMES : THE LARGEST SELECTION OF POPULAR AND UNUSUAL NAMES FROM AROUND THE WORLD
Onomasticon Turcicum = Turkic personal names
Names Act ; Names Decree
10,000 Baby Names : How to Choose the Best Name for Your Baby
A lexicon of Greek personal names. Vol. 4, Macedonia, Thrace, northern regions of the Black Sea
Baby names. 2010
Name and social structure : examples from Southeast Europe
The designation of the individual : expressive usage in biblical narrative
Old and new worlds in Greek onomastics
Baby names 2010
Naming names : who, what, where in Irish nomenclature
African onomastics = L'onomastique Africaine = Afrikanische Onomastik
Prakrit proper names. Vol. 1, part 1-2, Āgamic index
Islamic names
Translating fictional personal names in the Astérix comic-book series : a descriptive and comparative study on translation strategies
Edhina ekogidho - names as links : the encounter between African and European anthroponymic systems among the Ambo people in Namibia
Finnic personal names on Novgorod birch bark documents
The ethno-linguistic character of northwestern Iran and Kurdistan in the Neo-Assyrian period
Stedman's medical eponyms
Why are we so often annoyed when somebody gets our name wrong? Because our sense of self is involved, and our names touch on every aspect of our lives. Prospective parents pore over baby-naming books, believing that the right choice will set their infant on the right track. Immigrants change their names to assimilate into American society; blacks to recover their African roots or to establish an Islamic identity; movie stars to conform to Hollywood images of WASP-ness, high society, or exoticism.
A lexicon of Greek personal names. Vol. 1, The Aegean Islands, Cyprus, Cyrenaica
Names from Africa : their origin, meaning, and pronounciation
Irish names
The name game : cultural modernization & first names
The prosopography of the later Roman empire. Vol. 1, A. D. 260-395
"The world's population negotiates a multiplicity of naming systems. Some are compatible with the "normative" system of the world of passports and identity cards but a great many are not. This is particularly true in Asia, a region with some of the most sophisticated naming devices found anywhere in the world, including nicknames and teknonyms, religious and corporation names, honor and death names, pseudonyms and retirement names, house names and clan names, local and foreign names, official and private names. People across the continent carry multiple names meaningful to different audiences. Some are used only in family relations while others locate individuals in terms of gender, ethnicity, religion, caste, class, and nation. The centrality of names to many of the crucial debates and preoccupations of the modern world - identity, hybridity, migration, nationalism, multi-culturalism, globalization - makes it particularly surprising that there has been little systematic comparative exploration of Asian names and naming systems.This path-breaking volume classifies and theorizes the systems underlying naming practices in Asia, especially in Southeast Asia where systems are abundant and fluid. Using historical and socio-anthropological perspectives, the authors of this exceptionally close collaborative effort show the intricate connections between naming systems, notions of personhood and the prevailing ethos of interpersonal relations. They also show how the peoples of Asia are fashioning new types of naming and different ways of identifying themselves to suit the demands of a changing world." --Publisher's description.
Proper names as an aspect of readability in the two Finnish translations of P. L. Travers's Mary Poppins
English summary: Character names taking shape : Word formation, structure and meaning relationships of Finnish-language personal names in full-length, animated Disney feature films.
Naming names : stories of pseudonyms and name changes, with a Who's Who
Iranica in the Achaemenid period (ca. 550-330 B.C.) : lexicon of old Iranian proper names and loanwords, attested in non-Iranian texts
An index and concordance of pre-Islamic Arabian names and inscriptions
The Jews in Babylonia during the Chaldean and Achamenian periods : according to the Babylonian sources
Scottish surnames
North American onomastics
Studies in third millennium Sumerian and Akkadian personal names : the designation and conception of the personal god
The new Jewish baby book : names, ceremonies, customs : a guide for today's families
Legio X Fretensis : a prosopographical study of its officers (I-III c. A.D.)
Brewer's dictionary of names
"In The Name Game, Jurgen Gerhards shows that shifts in the choice of names are based on more than arbitrary trends of fashion. Instead, he demonstrates, they are determined by larger currents in cultural modernization." "Using classic tools of sociology, Gerhards focuses on changing patterns of first names in Germany from the end of the nineteenth century to the end of the twentieth, using these as an indicator of cultural change. Among the influences he considers is religion, and he notes a trend toward greater secularization in first names. He considers the extent to which Christian names have been displaced, and whether the process is similar for Catholics and Protestants. He traces the impact of different political regimes (Second Empire, Weimar Republic, Third Reich, West Germany, East Germany) and the accompanying rise and fall of German nationalist sentiment. He also investigates the dissolution of the family as a unit of production, and its impact on the naming of children. He shows that the weakening of traditional ties of religion, nation, and family has led to greater individuation and greater receptivity toward foreign first names. Gerhards concludes with a discussion of whether the blurring of gender and sex roles is reflected in the decrease of gender-specific names." "The Name Game will be of interest not only to sociologists and cultural studies specialists, but also non-professionals, especially parents who are interested in reflecting on the process of name giving."--BOOK JACKET.
A dictionary of Muslim names
Indic names : a documentation list
The functions of semantically transparent given names in anthroponymic systems
A dictionary of Manchu names : a name-index of the Manchu version of the "Complete genealogies of the clans and families of the Manchu eight banners" = Jakūn gūsai Majusai mukūn hala be uheri ejehe bithe = Baqi Manzhou shizu tongpu
Handbook of pseudonyms and personal nicknames. 2, K-Z
Greek personal names : their value as evidence
The significance of Non-Latin cognomina
A lexicon of Greek personal names. Vol. 3A, The Peloponnese, Western Greece, Sicily and Magna Graecia
A dictionary of surnames
Suom. tiivistelmä: Vindictus Viridian eli Kosto Onsuloinen: henkilönimien kääntäminen englannista suomeen 'Harry Potter and the philosopher's stone' - kirjassa.
Personnamn i Kalmar tänkebok = Personal names in the mediaeval memorandum book of Kalmar
Sources for the history of the Jews in Babylonia during the Chaldean and Achaemenian periods : with an appendix on West Semitic names in 1st-millennium Mesopotamia (pp. 1-44)
The moon god Sîn as theophoric element in neo-Assyrian personal names
The Arthurian name dictionary
A matter of taste : how names, fashions, and culture change
Nicknames and petnames : linguistic forms and social contexts
A lexicon of Greek personal names. Vol. 3B, Central Greece from the Megarid to Thessaly
Summary.
These are the names : studies in Jewish onomastics. Vol. 3
Sanumá memories : Yanomami ethnography in times of crisis
The means of naming : a social and cultural history of personal naming in western Europe
Drawing on social and literary history, psychology and anthropology, anecdotes, and life stories, Pulitzer Prize-winning biographer Justin Kaplan and celebrated novelist Anne Bernays have created a fascinating account of names and naming in contemporary society that touches on class structure, ethnic and religious practices, manners, and everyday life.
Proceedings of the 21st International Congress of Onomastic Sciences : Uppsala 19-24 August 2002.. 2
7000 baby names : classic and modern
This book collects and discusses the Old Iranian divine names, personal names, geographical names (toponyms, hydronyms and oronyms) and loanwords, which are attested in texts written in Aramaic, Babylonian, Egyptian, Elamite, Lycian, Lydian and Phrygian. The texts, both royal inscriptions and documentary texts, are discovered in the entire territory of the Achaemenid Empire (from Egypt to Bactria), which controlled the Ancient Near East from ca. 550 to 331 B.C. The Iranica discussed in this book are divided into four categories: (1) directly transmitted Iranica, (2) semi-directly transmitted Iranica, (3) foreign Iranica and (4) indirectly transmitted Iranica (the so-called "Altiranische Nebenüberlieferung"). All expressions, which do not belong to one of these categories, are brought together in a section called "Incerta". The etymology and linguistic setting of each Iranian expression is studied and a list of occurrences is added to this analysis.
Personal names in Finnish sign language
A dictionary of British surnames
The prosopography of the later Roman empire. Vol. 3 A, A.D. 527-641 : Abandanes - 'Iyād ibn Ghanm
Deep talk : reading African-American literary names
Hurrian personal names in the Rimah archives
A lexicon of Greek personal names. Vol. 2, Attica
What is in a name? : an inquiry into the semantics a. pragmatics of proper names
The anthropology of names and naming
Translating anthroponyms : exemplified by selected works of English children's literature in their Polish versions
The she magazine names for baby book
Personal names in ancient Anatolia
1,001 African names : first and last names from the African continent
Perfect baby names
Domesday descendants : a prosopography of persons occurring in English documents 1066-1166. 2, Pipe Rolls to Cartae Baronum
Reverse-lexicon of Greek proper-names = Rückläufiges Wörterbuch der griechischen Eigennamen
A dictionary of eponyms
Roman Peloponnese II : Roman personal names in their social context (Laconia and Messenia)
