http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13312 greenhouse cultivation
greenhouse cultivation glass house cultivation
Symposium on the fertilization of vegetables under protected cultivation, Naaldwijk, Netherlands 6-10 April 1987
Acknowledging that plant nutrition in greenhouse cultivation differs in many essentials from field production, this book details specific information about testing methods for soils and substrates in a greenhouse environment.
The winter harvest handbook : year-round vegetable production using deep-organic techniques and unheated greenhouses
Engineering and economic aspects of energy saving in protected cultivation, Cambridge, 4-8 September 1988
Tomato plant culture : in the field, greenhouse, and home garden
Economics of sustainable energy in agriculture
Carbon dioxide enrichment of greenhouse crops. Vol. 2, Physiology, yield, and economics
Growing greenhouse tomatoes in soil and soilless media
Inherent growth rythm of some Larix-species grown in a plastic greenhouse
Proceedings of the Sixth International Symposium on Protected Cultivation in Mild Winter Climate: Product and Process Innovation : Ragusa-Sicilia, Italy, March 5-8, 2002
Proceedings of the International Symposium on High Technology for Greenhouse System Management, Greensys 2007 : Naples, Italy, October 4-6, 2007.. Vol. 1&2
Leaching of nutrients in greenhouse cultivation of tomato crop in the Mediterranean area under different fertirrigation managements
Personal computers in horticulture
The commercial greenhouse
2nd International symposium on protected cultivation of vegetables in mild winter climates, Crete, Greece, 29 October -3 November, 1989
The commercial greenhouse grower
Proceedings of the 6th International Symposium on Light in Horticulture : Tsukuba, Japan November 15-19, 2009
Effect of net size on horizontal temperature gradients in naturally-ventilated tropical greenhouses
Special requirements of aquaponics in Finland
Computer applications in agricultural environments
The greenhouse environment : the effect of environmental factors on the growth and development of flower crops
Floriculture : principles and species
Production, Pest Management and Global Competition : proceedings of the Seventh International Symposium on Protected Cultivation in Mild Winter Climates, Kissimmee, Florida USA, March 23-27, 2004
Proceedings of the nternational Symposium on advances in Environmental Control, Automation and Cultivated Systems for Sustainable, High-Quality Crop Production under Protected Cultivation : Seoul, Korea, August 13-19, 2006
Proceedings of the Ist International Conference on Organic Greenhouse Horticulture : Bleiswijk, The Netherlands October 11-14, 2010
A dynamic model for prediction of developmental rate of the pot plant Senecio x hybridus Hyl
Energy conservation and solar energy utilization in horticultural engineering, Melbourne, Australia, Aug. 29 - Sept. 12, 1986
The main problems of using biological pest control in greenhouse production
Ball field guide to diseases of greenhouse ornamentals : includes certain problems often misdiagnosed as contagious diseases
Proceedings of the International Workshop on Greenhouse Environmental Control and Crop Production in Semi-Arid Regions : Tucson, Arizona, USA, October 20-24, 2008
Greenhouse operation and management
Effects of lighting, semi-closed greenhouse and split-root fertigation on energy use and CO2 emissions in high latitude cucumber growing
Hydroponics : a practical guide for the soilless grower
Growth by resource conservation : an empirical investigation into the role of environmentally sustainable economic managemnet as a determinant of long-run economic growth
Influence of temperature on bud break, shoot growth, flower bud atrophy and winter production of glasshouse roses : Proefschrift ter verkrijging van de graad van doctor in de landbouwwetenschappen, op gezag van de rector magnificus, dr. C. C. Osterlee, in het openba
Allocation of added selenium in lettuce and its impact on roots
Modelling energy saving technology choices in Dutch glasshouse horticulture / Pietola, Kyösti, Lansik Alfons Oude, Kyösti.
Proceedings of the International Symposium on Strategies towards Sustainability of Protected Cultivation in Mild Winter Climate : Antalya, Turkey, April 7-10, 2008
Proceedings of the International Symposium on Tomato in the Tropics : Villa de Leyva, Columbia, September 9-13, 2006
Proceedings of the International Symposium on High Technology for Greenhouse Systems : Quebec City, Canada, June 14-19, 2009.. Vol. 2, Greensys2009
2nd International Symposium on Sensors in Horticulture, Tune Landboskole, Greve, Denmark, 21-26 August 1995
Proceedings of the International Symposium on High Technology for Greenhouse Systems : Quebec City, Canada, June 14-19, 2009.. Vol. 1, Greensys2009
Greenhouses : advanced technology for protected horticulture
Plant nutrition of greenhouse crops
Knowing and recognizing : the biology of glasshouse pests and their natural enemies
Hydroponic strawberry production : a technical guide to the hydrophonic production of strawberries
Solar energy in agriculture
Proceedings of the Fifth International Symposium on Protected Cultivation in Mild Winter Climates: Current Trends for Sustainable Technologies : Cartagena-Almería, Spain, 7-11 March, 2000.. Volume 2
Plant factory : an indoor vertical farming system for efficient quality food production
Growing in rockwool
Climate change and agriculture : theory and application of mitigation policies
Optimal control of greenhouse cultivation
The aim of this study is to present the light emitting diode (LED) technology for greenhouse plant lighting and to give an overview about LED light effects on photosynthetic indices, growth, yield and nutritional value in green vegetables and tomato, cucumber, sweet pepper transplants. The sole LED lighting, applied in closed growth chambers, as well as combinations of LED wavelengths with conventional light sources, fluorescent and high pressure sodium lamp light, and natural illumination in greenhouses are overviewed. Red and blue light are basal in the lighting spectra for green vegetables and tomato, cucumber, and pepper transplants; far red light, important for photomorphogenetic processes in plants also results in growth promotion. However, theoretically unprofitable spectral parts as green or yellow also have significant physiological effects on investigated plants. Presented results disclose the variability of light spectral effects on different plant species and different physiological indices.
Abstract: A greenhouse for northern latitude.
Proceedings of The International Conference and British-Israeli Workshop on Greenhouse Techniques Towards the Third Millennium : Haifa, Israel 5-8 September 1999
Proceedings of the IVth International Symposium on Models for Plant Growth, Environmental Control and Farm Management in Protected Cultivation : HORTIMODEL 2012 : Nanjing, China November 4-8, 2012
International symposium on high technology in protected cultivation, Hamamatsu, Japan, May 12-15, 1988
Hydrangea production
Carbon dioxide enrichment of greenhouse crops. Vol. 1, Status and CO2 sources
Rockwool in horticulture
Environmental impacts of conventionally and year-round produced greenhouse tomato (Solanum lycopersicum L.) production chain in Finland
Modern greenhouse pepper production should evolve towards more sustainable systems. The growing technique which combines soilless culture and biostimulants may reduce nutrient and water use with beneficial impact on the environment. Therefore, this work aimed to investigate effects of biostimulants application on hydroponically produced pepper plants (Capsicum annuum L.) in conditions of reduced fertilization. Positive influence of biostimulant treatment on yield parameters was observed along with significant decrease in incidence of blossom-end rot (BER) in two pepper cultivars. Biostimulants application resulted in overall increase in macro- and microelement content in fruits of treated pepper cultivars. Generally, biostimulants improved the yield of pepper plants grown hydroponically by increasing the nutrient uptake and decreasing the occurrence of BER. Thus, the application of biostimulants could be considered as a good production strategy for obtaining high yields of nutritionally valuable vegetables with lower impact on the environment.
Review: CO2 enrichement in greenhouses : crop responses
Crown branching and cropping potential in strawberry (Fragaria x ananassa Duch.) can be enhanced by daylength treatments
The effects of light-emitting diode lighting on greenhouse plant growth and quality
Proceedings of the 4th International Symposium on Models for Plant Growth and Control in Greenhouses : modelling for the 21st century - agronomic and greenhouse crop models : Beltsville, Maryland, USA, 25-29 March 2001
The greenhouse gardener
Hydroponic basics
Proceedings of the International Symposium on Greenhouse 2010 and Soilless Cultivation : Lisbon, Portugal August 22-27, 2010
Protected Cultivation 2002 : in search of structures, systems and plant materials for sustainable greenhouse production : a proceedings of the XXVI International Horticultural Congress : Toronto, Canada, 11-17 August 2002
Nutritional diseases in glasshouse tomatoes
Proceedings of the South Pacific Soilless Culture Conference (SPSCC) : Palmerston North, New Zealand, 10-13 February 2003
Diagnosis of mineral disorders in plants. Vol. 3, Glasshouse crops
Greenhouse Canada
Horticulture : principles and practices
Symposium on biological aspects of energy saving in protected cultivation, Pisa, Italy, September 8-11, 1987
Greenhouse pests and beneficials : Ball identification guide to
Double-crop system in out-of-season strawberry production
Gerbera production for cut flowers and pot plants
Effects of supplemental lighting, semi-closed greenhouse and split-root fertigation on weekly to seasonal heat and electricity use and CO2 emissions in cucumber growing were estimated in Finland. With moderate lighting (170 W m-2 above rows, 60 W m-2 inter-row) in a ventilated greenhouse, seasonal electricity and heat use (MJ kg-1 cucumber) were 20-50 and 10-25, 17-30 and 3-8, 38-55 and 10-18 in spring, summer and autumn to mid-winter, respectively. In summer, a semi-closed greenhouse improved energy use efficiency by 20-30% and split-root fertigation by 0-15%. Raising light intensity and applying inter- row lighting allowed higher yields in autumn to mid-winter without affecting electricity use efficiency. In other seasons, increasing the lighting decreased the efficiency. The emissions largely resulted from electricity use. Direct emissions (kg CO2-eq kg-1) based on propane and electricity from the national grid were 2.5, 1.5 and 3.3 in spring, summer and autumn to mid-winter, respectively. Efficiency of using solar and supplemental PAR was markedly lower in summer than in other seasons. The results provide profile of energy use and emissions and point to ways to reduce them.
Atmospheric impact of bioenergy based on reed canary grass cultivation on organic soil
Effects of gaseous air pollution in agriculture and horticulture
Lighting in greenhouses : a guide to the practical design of installations
Summary.
Proceedings of the International Congress on Greenhouse Vegetables: the Product Chain of Fresh Tomatoes, Peppers, Cucumbers : 31 Oct-1 Nov, Amsterdam, The Netherlands
Diseases of greenhouse plants
The effect of temperature changes during the propagation of cucumbers = Virkning av temperaturveksling ved oppal av veksthusgurk
Bærekraftig økologisk veksthusproduksjon for fremtiden = Sustainable ecological greenhouse production for the future
Strawberries under protection
Proceedings of the IInd International Symposium on Organic Greenhouse Horticulture : Avignon, France, October 28-31, 2013
Proceedings of the VIIth International Symposium on Light in Horticultural System : Wageningen, The Netherlands, October 14-18, 2012
Use of dry olive-mill wastewater like organic amendment in soil for horticultural greenhouse crop
The complete book of the greenhouse
International Symposium on Growing Media and Hydroponics : Kassandra, Macedonia, Greece, August 31 - September 6, 1999
The complete guide to soilless gardening
Biological control of pests on Finnish greenhouse vegetables
Hydroponic food production : a definitive guidebook of soilless food-growing methods
Proceedings of International Symposium on New Technologies for Environment Control, Energy-saving and Crop Production in Greenhouse and Plant Factory : Jeju, Korea, October 6-11, 2013
International symposium on protected cultivation of ornamentals in mild winter climates, Tenerife (Canary Islands), Spain, 18-21 October, 1988
Hydroponics : indoor horticulture
Growing cyclamen
Gardening indoors : with soil & hydroponics
Sustainable horticulture : today and tomorrow
Proceedings of the Third International Symposium on Cucurbits : Townsville, Australia, September, 11-17
Proceedings of the International Symposium on Growing Media 2007 : Nottingham, UK, September 2-8, 2007
From carbon source to sink : managing agriculture for climate change mitigation and food production in Ethiopia
4th International symposium on CO2 in protected cultivation, Wageningen, the Netherlands, 19-23 June 1989
Integrated control in glasshouses : precedings of the meeting at Brest, France 25-29 May 1999
The effect of air humidity on nutrient uptake of some greenhouse plants
Proceedings of the VIIIth International Symposium on Protected Cultivation in Mild Winter Climates : advances in soil and soilless cultivation under protected environment : Agadir, Morocco, February 19-24, 2006
Control of pests and weeds by natural enemies : an introduction to biological control
Vegetable production using plasticulture : proceedings of an American Society for Horticultural Science and American Society for Plasticulture seminar series
Managing diseases in greenhouse crops
Nutritional disorders in glasshouse lettuce
Kalifornianripsiäisen torjunta kasvihuoneviljelyssä = Control of western flower thrip in the greenhouse production
Practical hydroponics & greenhouses
Proceedings of the International Symposium on Greenhouse Cooling : Alemeria, Spain
CRC handbook of pest management in agriculture. Vol. 3
The Chrysantyhemum grower's treasury
Third International Symposium on Protected Cultivation in Mild Winter Climates : Buenos Aires, Argentina, October 5-8, 1992
Effect of inoculation with arbuscular mycorrhizas on rooting, weaning and subsequent growth of micropropagated Malus (L.) Moench
Growing greenhouse seedless cucumbers in soil and in soilless media
How to grow fruits, vegetables & houseplants without soil : the secrets of hydroponic gardening revealed
Natural biostimulants reduce the incidence of BER in sweet yellow pepper plants (Capsicum annuum L.)
Computerized environmental control in greenhouses : a step by step approach
