http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13320 perennials (plants)
perennials (plants)
Armitage's manual of annuals, biennials, and half-hardy perennials
Soil carbon cycling and microbial dynamics in boreal organic soil cultivated with a perennial crop
Hardy herbaceous perennials : volume 1-2
Around the world in 80 plants : an edible perennial vegetable adventure for temperate climates
List of names of perennials = Naamlist van vaste planten = Namenliste Stauden = Liste de noms des plantes vivaces
Perennials. Volume 1, Early perennials
Botanic : the illustrated A - Z of over 10 000 garden plants
Herbaceous perennial plants : a treatise on their identification, culture, and garden attributes
Perennial weeds : characteristics and identification of selected herbaceous species
Perennial weeds are an increasing challenge in organic farming in the Nordic countries. The aim of this study was to compare different tillage methods in the control of Elymus repens by using two intensified bare fallow strategies. Two field experiments consisted of three ploughing methods and seven fallow methods. The experiments were carried out in organic soils in Central Finland. The methods applied in the brief fallow before cereal sowing (exp. 1) were not effective enough against E. repens. Due to wet weather conditions in the spring the fallow period was limited to two weeks in both years, which did not seem to be enough time. In the late summer fallow after ley (exp. 2), the Kvick-Finn weed-cultivator destroyed E. repens very effectively; on average 5% of E. repens remained alive in the barley crop in the autumn of the following year. After use of ordinary cultivators 10% of E. repens remained alive, after use of the spade harrow 25% and after frequent mowing over 50% remained alive, respectively. As a result of effective E. repens control, barley yield was about 1000 kg ha-1 higher than without any fallow. In conclusion, effective control of E. repens is achieved with proper machinery and repeated treatments at the optimal time.
Dream plants for the natural garden
The color encyclopedia of hostas
The Hillier gardener's guide to trees & shrubs
Perennials : the gardener's reference
Planting the natural garden
Bacterial community dynamics and perennial crop growth in motor oil-contaminated soil in a boreal climate
Ecological and genetic consequences of population size in perennial herbs
Gardening in a small space
The propagation of hardy perennials
Perennials for trouble-free gardening
Gardening with colour
Diversity of arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi in the roots of perennial plants and their effect on plant performance
Gardening with perennials : lessons from Chicago's Lurie Garden
Sink & container gardening : using dwarf hardy plants
Sex allocation and the effects of defoliation stress on the gynodioecious Geranium sylvaticum
International survey of underexploited tropical and subtropical perennials
Intensifying bare fallow strategies to control Elymus repens in organic soils
Time to rest : signals in shoot apex developmental transitions underlying dormancy
The effect of temperature on the phenology of perennial plant species
Encyclopedia of annuals and perennials
Royal Horticultural Society encyclopedia of perennials
Diseases of annuals and perennials : identification and control : a Ball guide
Plant tissue culture : applications and limitations
Waterscaping : plants and ideas for natural and created water gardens
How perennial are perennial plants?
Perennial garden plants or the modern florilegium : a concise account of herbaceous plants, including bulbs, for general garden use
