http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13304 maintenance companies
maintenance companies
How organisations measure success : the use of performance indicators in government
Fender Telecaster manual : how to buy, maintain and set up the world's first production electric guitar : including Squier, Esquire, Broadcaster and Nocaster models
Designing unified service encounters : case of Outotec maintenance services
Work motivation : motivation of its determinants and outcomes
Food in the air and space : the surprising history of food and drink in the skies
Steam : magazine for Lindström people
The dynamics of energy in the Eurasian context
Seed industry development in a North-South perspective
Researching corporations and global health governance : an interdisciplinary guide
In the history of cooking, there has been no more challenging environment than those craft in which humans took to the skies. The tale begins with meals aboard balloons and zeppelins, where cooking was accomplished below explosive bags of hydrogen, ending with space station dinners that were cooked thousands of miles below. This book is the first to chart that history worldwide, exploring the intricacies of inflight dining from 1783 to the present day, aboard balloons, zeppelins, land-based aircraft and flying boats, jets, and spacecraft. It charts the ways in which commercial travelers were lured to try flying with the promise of familiar foods, explains the problems of each aerial environment and how chefs, engineers, and flight crew adapted to them, and tells the stories of pioneers in the field. Hygiene and sanitation were often difficult, and cultural norms and religious practices had to be taken into account. The history is surprising and sometimes humorous--at times some ridiculous ideas were tried, and airlines offered some strange meals to try to attract passengers. It's an engrossing story with quite a few twists and turns, and this first book on the subject tells it with a light touch.
Empower link : Empower magazine
Collaboration in care : design of a mobile health platform to support care management of cystic fibrosis
Fender Stratocaster manual : how to buy, maintain and set up the world's most popular electric guitar
The profound changes to the world economy since the late twentieth century have been characterised by a growth in the number and size of transnational corporations. In this context, there is now increasing evidence of unprecedented reversals in health indicators among populations around the world. Research in this area has focused on documenting the global health impacts arising from the economic activity of corporations. The challenge for public health researchers is to understand the ways in which corporations are regulated by, and participate in global health governance and implications for health and well-being across the globe. This book is an introductory guide to conducting research on the role of corporations in global health governance from a range of disciplinary perspectives and gives an overview of different approaches, methodologies and data sources.
Understanding Customer Experience through Methodological Triangulation – Case: Repair Services in Finland
