http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13372 tuba
tuba
Arnold Jacobs : the legacy of a master : the personal and pedagogical recollections of thirty-one of his colleagues, students, and friends
Susato suite : six dances from "The danserye" : for brass ensemble
Standard of excellence : comprehensive band method. Book 2, Tuba
The non-classic bass trombone the tuba (or tuba)
Brass anthology : A collection of brass articles published in The Instrumentalist magazine from 1946 to 1990.
Flutes, reeds and trumpets: 2nd pr
Studies and melodious etudes for Tuba (Bass)
Ave Maria : for brass choir
Serenade from "Student Prince"
Standard of excellence : comprehensive band method. Book 1, Tuba
Supplementary Studies : for Eb and Bb Basses : to be used wiht of follow any method
40 progressive etudes for trombone
The tuba family
Concert etudes : for tuba (or bass trombone)
Soloist folio : for Eb or BBb Bass with piano accompaniment ( Tuba - Sousaphone ).
Brass instrument manual : how to buy, maintain and set up your trumpet, trombone, tuba, horn and cornet
Musical calisthenics for brass
The tongue controlled embouchure : for all brass instruments
Wind talk for brass : a practical guide to understanding and teaching brass instruments
Complete method for tuba
Tunes for tuba (bass) technic : level one (elementary)
Daily routines for the student tuba player
Lip flexibilities : for all brass instruments
Tuba student : a method for individual instruction : level two (intermediate)
Vocalise : Op. 34, No. 14 for tuba solo with piano accompaniment
The tuba source book
Mastering the tuba : complete book : = La maîtrise du tuba : cahier complet = Die Meisterschaft der Tuba : Komplett
Classics for two : playable by any two band instruments or mixed ensemble. Tuba
When We Were Giants : Sonata for Tuba and Piano
Concert and contest collection for Bb or BBb bass (tuba-sousaphone). Solo Eb or BBb bass (tuba-sousaphone)
Turvat kuntoon = Brass chops manual
Studies and melodious etudes for tuba (bass). Level one
Studies in legato for bass trombone and tuba from the works of Concone, Marchesi and Panofka
Program notes for the solo tuba
78 studies for tuba
Didgeridoo : for tuba and piano
Suite in miniature : Three movements in contrasting styles
Learn as you play tuba
Compatible quartets for winds : 21 quartets that can be played by any combination of wind instruments. Tuba
Vander Cook Etudes : for cornet or trumpet
Tuba solos : with piano accompaniment. Level two
Boreas : for tuba solo
The hippotalamus sings and dances : Harri Lidsle is raising the profile of the tuba
A tune a day : for Eb BBb bass or sousaphone. Book one
Methode complete pour trombone basse, tuba, saxhorns basses et contrebasse = Complete method for bass-trombone, tuba, bass and couter-bass saxhorn
Movie duets for all. Trombone/Baritone B.C./Bassoon/Tuba : Level 1-4
Rubank elementary method. Eb or BBb bass (tuba-sousaphone)
Arban's complete conservatory method for trumpet (cornet) : or Eb alto, Bb tenor, Eb baritone saxophones, euphonium and Bb bass tuba in treble clef
Guide to the tuba repertoire : the new tuba source book
Studies and melodious etudes for tuba (bass). Level two, (Intermediate)
Connections : mind The Gap
Arnold Jacobs : song and wind
The Cambridge companion to brass instruments
Christmas memories : C instrument, Bb instrument, Eb instrument, F instrument : Sing or play-along to your favorite Christmas songs
Arban's complete conservatory method : for trumpet (cornet) : or Eb alto, Bb tenor, baritone euphonium and Bb bass in treble clef
Heavy Tuba and Jon Sass at Montreux Jazz Festival
Advanced daily drills : for trombone (tenor bass) and tuba
Standard of excellence : comprehensive band method. Book 1, Eb Tuba
Brass instruments : their history and development
The art of brass playing : a treatise on the formation and use of the brass player's embouchure
Eos : for tuba solo
Intermediate method : Eb or BBb bass
Tunes for tuba (bass) technic : level two (intermediate)
Tuba student : a method for individual instruction : level one (elementary)
Studies in legato for bass trombone and tuba : from the works of Concone, Marchesi and Panofka
12 contemporary jazz etudes. Bass clef instruments : trombone, baritone horn, tuba
The art of brass playing
