http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13344 critics
critics
Observer of the Dance 1958-1982
Survival games? : Theatre and journalism : a selection of papers from the 14th Congress of the International Association of Theatre Critics, Helsinki, Finland, October 1996 = Strategies de survie? : theatre et journalisme : une sélection de conférences du 14e Congrès Mondial de l'Association Internationale des Critiques de Théâtre, Helsinki, Finlande, octobre 1996
Walter Pater : lover of strange souls
A Tribute to Herbert Read, 1893-1968 : an exhibition in conjunction with the 1975 Ilkley Literature Festival, the Manor House, Ilkley, 25 May-22 June 1975
Marches past
Downhill all the way : an autobiography of the years 1919-1939
Shaw on music : a selection from the music criticism of Bernard Shaw
The English musical renaissance and the press, 1850-1914 : watchmen of music
Uncommon readers : Denis Donoghue, Frank Kermode, George Steiner, and the tradition of the common reader
The trials of architectural criticism : media, mediation, and the critic / Naomi Stead
A twentieth-century intellectual of the first rank presents the case for the nineteenth-century aesthetician whose elegant subversions delivered us to modernism. Walter Pater (1839-1894) was an obscure Oxford don until 1873, when his first book, The Renaissance, exposed his argument favoring sensation over thought and, in doing so, ignited a hard, gem-like flame. "Say not what it is but what it makes you see - or feel" is not something Pater ever said, but it will suffice as an encapsulation of an attitude that moved the authority of a work of art from the object to the subject, subsequently outraging the defenders of perceived truth of his time and making Pater himself a figure of controversy and even ridicule.
Herbert Read : a British vision of world art : [Leeds City Art Galleries, 25 November 1993 - 5 February 1994] / edited by Benedict Read and David Thistlewood
The gourmet
Late Ruskin : new contexts
A walker in the city
Growing : an autobiography of the years 1904-1911
Leonard Woolf
Margaret Fuller : an American romantic life. [Vol. 2], The public years
Blues & chaos : the music writing of Robert Palmer
The forties : from notebooks and diaries of the period
The skeptic : a life of H.L. Mencken
What is cinema?. 1
The letters of Bernard Berenson and Isabella Stewart Gardner, 1887-1924, with correspondence by Mary Berenson
Survival games? : theatre and journalism : a selection of papers from Congress of the International Association of Theatre Critics in Helsinki 1996
Marshall McLuhan and Northrop Frye : apocalypse and alchemy
The Heibergs and the theater : between vaudeville, romantic comedy and national drama
Art made modern : Roger Fry's vision of art
Performing and visual arts : writing & reviewing
By definition, a palimpsest is "a written document, usually on vellum or parchment, that has been written upon several times, often with remnants of erased writing still visible." Palimpsests (originally published in France in 1982), one of Gerard Genette's most important works, examines the manifold relationships a text may have with prior texts. Genette describes the multiple ways a later text asks readers to read or remember an earlier one. In this regard, he treats the history and nature of parody, antinovels, pastiches, caricatures, commentary, allusion, imitations, and other textual relations.
The genius of Shaw : a symposium
Palimpsests : literature in the second degree
What is cinema?. 2
Life and the dream
Iris and her friends : a memoir of memory and desire
A George Jean Nathan reader
Letters between Katherine Mansfield and John Middleton Murry
Curtain call, or The distinguished thing : a novel
The model wife: The passionate lives of  Effie Gray, Ruskin and Millais
J. P. Hodin : European critic : essays by various hands / ed. by Walter Kern
Substituting sensationalism for sensation and reading Pater's claim for hedonism, or pleasures the soul might savor, as outright decadence, Pater's detractors far outnumbered and outranked his followers (including his fellow Oxonian and most notorious devotee, Oscar Wilde). But ever since Pater has proved, at least in the high arts, the decisive victor of the revolution he set into motion.
It's only a movie : a cinematic autobiography 'inspired by real events'
Real life rock : the complete top ten columns, 1986-2014
Aurier, symbolism and the visual arts
Roland Barthes
Garlic and sapphires : the secret life of a critic in disguise
The critics
The attentive listener : three centuries of music criticism
Jean Sibelius and Olin Downes : music, friendship, criticism
Profiles from the kitchen : what great cooks have taught us about ourselves and our food
Star turns and cameo appearances : memoirs of a life among musicians
Upstate : records and recollections of Northern New York
Pekka Tarkka ochh guldåldern : "Jag har aldrig längtat efter arbetsfrid" = Pekka Tarkka and the golden age : "I never longed for peace and quiet to do my work"
The journey not the arrival : an autobiography of the years 1939-1969
"Pool's behind-the-scenes look at the institution of book reviewing analyzes how it works and why it often fails, describes how editors choose books for review and assign them to reviewers, examines the additional roles played by publishers, authors, and readers and contrasts traditional reviewing with newer, alternative book coverage." -- Provided by publisher.
Translation, authorship and the Victorian professional woman : Charlotte Brontèe, Harriet Martineau and George Eliot
Mikhail Gromov : Chekhov scholar and critic : an essay in cultural difference
The task of the critic : Terry Eagleton in dialogue
Reviewing the arts
Edmund Wilson's America
The jazz years : earwitness to an era
Love is a mix tape : life and loss, one song at a time
Raymond Williams
Sowing : an autobiography of the years 1880-1904
The mediation of interpretive criteria in literary criticism
Encyclopedia of literary critics and criticism
Beginning again : an autobiography of the years 1911-1918
"Richard Hoggart is regarded as one of the 'inventors' of Cultural Studies. His work traversed academic and social boundaries. With the resurgent interest in his work today, this is a timely reevaluation of this foundational figure in Cultural Studies, a critical but friendly review of both Hoggart's work and reputation. The authors use new archival sources to reevaluate Hoggart's intellectual and ethical influence, arguing that most attacks on his positions have been misplaced and even malevolent, and urging his importance for today's world. Chapters address Hoggart's contradictory and restless relationship with academic history; his uneasy but fruitful relationship with the idea of the 'working-class intellectual'; his engagement with policy related work inside and outside the academy; his adaptation of methods of literary analysis and the political implications of his own style; and the politics of autobiography. "--
Let's see : writings on art from the New Yorker
Reading de Man reading
Starting out in the thirties
Born under the sign of jazz
Roland Barthes : a biography
"With the resurgent interest in his work today, this is a timely reevaluation of this foundational figure in Cultural Studies, a critical but friendly review of both Hoggart's work and reputation. Re-examines the reputation of one of the 'inventors' of Cultural Studies Uses new archival sources to critically evaluate Hoggart's contribution and influence, set his work in context, and determine its current relevance Addresses detractors and their positions of Hoggart, delineating long-term ideological battles within academia Brings cultural studies, literary criticism, and social history to bear on this figure whose interests spread across disciplines, to create a text which blends many threads into a coherent whole"--
Bazin at work : major essays & reviews from the forties & fifties
Julien Leclercq : a champion of the unknown Vincent van Gogh / Marja Supinen
Lionel Trilling, regarded at the time of his death in 1975 as America's preeminent literary critic, is today often seen as a relic of a vanished era. His was an age when literary criticism and ideas seemed to matter profoundly in the intellectual life of the country. In this eloquent book, Adam Kirsch shows that Trilling, far from being obsolete, is essential to understanding our current crisis of literary confidence--and to overcoming it. By reading Trilling primarily as a writer and thinker, Kirsch demonstrates how Trilling's original and moving work continues to provide an inspiring example of a mind creating itself through its encounters with texts. Why Trilling Matters introduces all of Trilling's major writings and situates him in the intellectual landscape of his century, from Communism in the 1930s to neoconservatism in the 1970s. But Kirsch goes deeper, addressing today's concerns about the decline of literature, reading, and even the book itself, and finds that Trilling has more to teach us now than ever before. As Kirsch writes, "Trilling's essays are not exactly literary criticism" but, like all literature, "ends in themselves."
Let it blurt : the life and times of Lester Bangs
Johnson as critic
Critics' choice top 200 albums
Understanding Richard Hoggart : a pedagogy of hope
The tastemakers : U.K. art now
Garlic and sapphires
The author of himself : the life of Marcel Reich-Ranicki
"Love him or hate him, admire him or revile him, there is no doubt that Clement Greenberg was the most influential critic of modern art in the second half of the twentieth century. His championing of abstract expressionist painters such as Jackson Pollock, Barnett Newman, Helen Frankenthaler, and David Smith put the United States on the international art map, and the intellectual power of his polemical essays helped bring about the midcentury shift in which New York replaced Paris as the art capital of the Western world." "Drawing on the diaries that Greenberg handed to her in 1993, the year before his death, as well as other unpublished materials (including interviews with him from 1988 to 1991 and also with artists, curators, and critics who knew him), Florence Rubenfeld compiled his life story, chronicling not just Greenberg's eclectic life but also his contribution to art criticism and the vibrant, chaotic art world of the 1950s and 1960s."--BOOK JACKET.
Grub Street and the ivory tower : literary journalism and literary scholarship from Fielding to the Internet
Traces John Ruskin's long and intricate relationship with Venice. This book shows how Ruskin shed his Romantic vision, formed by Byron and Turner, and developed a harder, clearer conception of neglected Gothic Venice through an intense study of the city's physical fabric that changed international understanding of the city.
Dear Bunny, Dear Volodya : the Nabokov-Wilson letters, 1940-1971
The Russian life of R.-Aloys Mooser, music critic to the tsars : memoirs and selected writings
Faint praise : the plight of book reviewing in America
Theory of the film : (character and growth of a new art)
Music at the limits
The musical realism of Leoš Janáček : from speech melodies to a theory of composition
Dining out : secrets from America's leading critics, chefs and restaurateurs
The dark stuff : the best of Nick Kent
Soul serenade : rhythm, blues & coming of age through vinyl : a memoir
Shamanism and literature
Old masters : a comedy
How to become a musical critic
William Empson. Vol. 2, Against the Christians
Binding the fiction : James Baldwin and the narrative collapse of subjectivity
Reyner Banham : historian of the immediate future
Boris Asaf'ev : the artistic portrayal of Russian landscape
The intellectual follies : a memoir of the literary venture in New York and Paris
Granville Barker and the dream of theatre
10 x 10_2 : 100 architects 10 critics
F. O. Matthiessen : Christian socialist as critic
The Washington Post hails Greil Marcus as our greatest cultural critic. Writing in the London Review of Books, D. D. Guttenplan calls him probably the most astute critic of American popular culture since Edmund Wilson. For nearly thirty years, he has written a remarkable column that has migrated from the Village Voice to Artforum, Salon, City Pages, Interview, and The Believer and currently appears in the Barnes & Noble Review. It has been a laboratory where Marcus has fearlessly explored and wittily dissected an enormous variety of cultural artifacts, from songs to books to movies to advertisements, teasing out from the welter of everyday objects what amounts to a de facto theory of cultural transmission. Published to complement the paperback edition of The History of Rock & Roll in Ten Songs, Real Life Rock reveals the critic in full: direct, erudite, funny, fierce, vivid, astute, uninhibited, and possessing an unerring instinct for art and fraud. The result is an indispensable volume packed with startling arguments and casual brilliance.
Alec Soth with Francesco Zanot : ping pong conversations
Has anything changed? : excerpts from a coversation between Lauri Anttila and Timo Valjakka
Why Trilling matters
Dancers and critics
Schumann on music : a selection from the writings
A lifetime burning in every moment : from the Journals of Alfred Kazin
Selected writings
Patricia Wells at home in Provence : recipes inspired by her farmhouse in France
A margin of hope : an intellectual autobiography
The argonauts
Ruskin on Venice : "the paradise of cities"
Clement Greenberg : a life
Another little piece of my heart : my life of rock and revolution in the '60s
