http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13300 fleet
fleet
The Jutland scandal
Big Bad Ironclad! covers the history of the amazing ironclad steam warships used in the Civil War. From the ship's inventor, who had a history of blowing things up and only 100 days to complete his project, to the mischievous William Cushing, who pranked his way through the whole war, this book is filled with surprisingly true facts and funny, brave characters that modern readers will easily relate to / Library of Congress.
A life of Admiral of the Fleet Andrew Cunningham : a twentieth-century naval leader
Just an old navy custom
The fighting ship in the Royal Navy : 897-1984
Naval warfare in the Baltic, 1939-1945 : war in a narrow sea
PBY Catalina flying boat : pilot's flight operated manual
A naval history of the American Revolution. 1
Able seacat Simon
"In the 1870s, to supplement their early steam engines, French warships were still rigged for sail. In the 1970s the Marine Nationale's ships at sea included aircraft carriers operating supersonic jets, and intercontinental ballistic missile submarines propelled by nuclear engines. Within this one hundred years, the Marine has played important roles in the acquisition of Asian and African colonial empires; until 1900 the lead role in a naval 'Cold War' against Great Britain; in 1904-1920 preparation, largely Mediterranean-based for, and participation in a Paris agenda in the First World War; a spectacular modernisation unfortunately incomplete in the inter-war years; division, tragic self-destruction and a rebirth in the Second World War; important roles in the two major decolonisation campaigns of Indochina and Algeria; and finally in the retention of major world power status with power-projection roles in the late 20th century, requiring a navy with both nuclear age and traditional amphibious operational capabilities. The enormous costs involved were to lead to reductions and a new naval relationship with Great Britain at the end of the 20th Century." --- from book jacket.
An encyclopedia of naval history
Vasaorden : en historik om den svenska kungliga slupen - en riksklenod = A historical account of the royal barge of Sweden - a national heirloom
Feeding Nelson's navy : the true story of food at sea in the Georgian era
Cold water politics : the maritime strategy and geopolitics of the northern front
Caribbee
Detail & Scale 29 : USS Lexington. 29
Hunt the jackal
Brunelś ships
No easy day : the firsthand account of the mission that killed Osama Bin Laden : the autobiography of a Navy SEAL
The Mamluks and naval power : a phase of the struggle between Islam and Christian Europe
The sea their graves : an archaeology of death and remembrance in maritime culture
Okinawa 1945 : assault on the Empire
The pursuit of victory : the life and achievement of Horatio Nelson
Infernal machines : the story of confederate submarine and mine warfare
Ships of the Victorian Navy
Arms markets and armament policy : the changing structure of naval industries in Western Europe
The maritime history of Russia 848-1948
H.M.S. London
The Roman imperial navy 31 B.C. - A.D. 324
Pearl Harbor
Modern submarines
Killing the Bismarck : destroying the pride of Hitler's fleet
The private papers of John, Earl of Sandwich, First Lord of Admiralty : 1771-1782. Volume I, August 1770 - March 1778
A history of medicine in the early U.S. Navy
The Naval annual
A history of the confederate navy : the true story of food at sea in the Georgian era
No easy day : the firsthand account of the mission that killed Osama Bin Laden
The social history of English seamen, 1485-1649
The Royal Danish Naval Museum : an introduction to the history of the Royal Danish Navy
Naval weapons : a National Maritime Museum publication
Brassey's naval and shipping annual
Psychology aweigh! : a history of clinical psychology in the United Sates navy 1900-1988
Run them ashore
Pearl Harbor : December 7, 1941 : America's darkest day
The rise of American naval power 1776-1918
The navy that beat Napoleon
The unsung hero
The spoils of conquest
Naval ratings handbook 1951.
Warspite
Hitler's war machine
A naval history of the American Revolution. 2
Stealth at sea : the history of the submarine
Navies in history
Religion in the British Navy 1815-1879 : piety and professionalism
The British Navy and the state in the eighteenth century
Simon is discovered in the Hong Kong docks in 1948 and smuggled on board the H.M.S Amethyst by a British sailor who takes pity on the malnourished kitten. The young cat quickly acclimates to his new water-borne home, establishing himself as the chief rat-catcher in residence while also winning the hearts of the entire crew. Then the Amethyst is ordered to sail up the Yangtze to take over the guarding of the British Embassy, and tragedy strikes as the ship comes under fire from Communist guns. Many of the crew are killed and Simon is among those who are seriously wounded. Luckily, with the help of the ship's doctor, the brave cat makes a full recovery and is soon spending time with the injured men in the sick bay, purring and keeping their spirits up. News of Simon's heroism spreads and he becomes famous world-wide but it is still a long journey back to England for both the crew and the plucky little cat known as 'Able Seacat Simon'.
The command of the ocean : a naval history of Britain 1649-1815
Spanish naval power, 1589-1665 : reconstruction and defeat
La flotta di Venezia : navi e barche della Serenissima = The Venetian fleet : ships and boats of the venetian republic / G. B. Rubin de Cervin ; [traduzione = translation: Warren McManus]
Warships
Istoriâ Rossijskogo flota = The history of the Russian navy
Naval weapons of World War Two
Slave mutiny : the revolt on the schooner Amistad
Seapower in global politics, 1494-1993
List of ships interfered with, attacked or sunk during the war in Spain, July 1936-June 1938.
Fishing fleet profiling methodology
The Tudor navy : the ships, men and organisation 1485-1603
Conway's history of the ship. The age of the galley : Mediterranean oared vessels since pre-classical times
American sniper : the autobiography of the most lethal sniper in U.S. military history
The finish : the killing of Osama bin Laden
Mountbatten : hero of our time
Reminiscences of the Baltic Fleet of 1855
Piracy and the decline of Venice 1580-1615
The Soviet Navy today
The world's navies : an illustrated review of the navies of the world
Combat fleets of the world 1986/87 : their ships, aircraft and armament
The private papers of John, Earl of Sandwich, First Lord of Admiralty : 1771-1782. Volume II, March 1778 - May 1779
The life of Horatio Lord Nelson
Hornblower's navy : life at sea in the age of Nelson
Naval & maritime history : an annotated bibliography
Lamson of the Gettysburg : the Civil War letters of Lieutenant Roswell H. Lamson, U.S. Navy
The last ship. The complete first season
One hundred years of sea power : the U.S. Navy, 1890-1990
Submarines in arctic waters : (memoirs)
The Soviet naval threat and Norway
H.M.S. Somerset 1746-1778 : the life and times of an eighteenth century British man-o-war and her impact on North America
The military encyclopedia of Russia and Eurasia
In the King's name
Good to go : the life and times of a decorated member of the U.S. Navy's elite SEAL Team Two
The military-naval encyclopedia of Russia and the Soviet Union
Ships of World War II
The house of rumour
The last ship. The complete second season
Summary.
Sea dog Bamse : World War II canine hero
The navies of Rome
Karl Doenitz and the last days of the third reich
The Russian army and fleet in the nineteenth century : handbook of armaments, personnel and policy
Cruisers in battle
Flot Rossii : istoriâ Rossijskogo flota v proizvedeniâh hudožnikov-marinistov = The Russian Navy : history of the Russiav Navy through the art of marine painters
My mystery ships
A frigate of King George : life and duty on a British Man-of-War 1807-1829
Modern US Navy : The Organization, Warships, Weapons and Aircraft of the World's Most Advanced Naval Power
Ian Fleming's commandos : the story of the legendary 30 Assault Unit
Naval strategies in the Black Sea region
Ordeal below zero : The heroic story of the arctic convoys in world war two
Jane Austen and the Navy
Three republics one navy : a naval history of France 1870-1999
Blind man's bluff : the untold story of American submarine espionage
Hunt the wolf
Inferno
Piracy and privateering in the golden age Netherlands
Recruitment at the Royal Swedish navy with the aid of intelligence tests
The history of the American sailing Navy : the ships and their development
The history of English sea ordnance 1523-1875. Volume 1, The age of evolution : 1523-1715
The navy of the Russian Empire
The pursuit
Churchill and sea power
Cold war submarines : the design and construction of U.S. and Soviet submarines
American sail : a pictorial history.t
The private papers of John, Earl of Sandwich, First Lord of Admiralty : 1771-1782. Volume III, May 1779 - December 1780
Jane's dictionary of naval terms
Uniforms and insignia of the navies of world war II
The warrior elite : the forging of Seal Class 228
The private papers of John, Earl of Sandwich, First Lord of Admiralty : 1771-1782. Volume IV, 1781-1782
Carrier : fortress at sea
Flags at sea : a guide to the flags flown at sea by ships of the major maritime nations, from the 16th century to the present day, illustrated from the collections of the National Maritime Museum
Warships of the Napoleonic era
The denuclearisation of the oceans
Warrior : the first and the last
Okeanski štšit Rossii = Ocean shield of Russia
History of warships : from ancient times to the twenty-first century
Sea power and political behaviour : a project outline
Navarch : naval architecture : guidebook
Lifeboat Number Seven
Hunt the scorpion
The cross and the ensign : a naval history of Malta 1798-1979
The last sentry : Valery Sablin and the true hunt for Red October
Sea life in Nelson's time
Big bad ironclad! : a civil war steamship showdown
The Nelson touch : the life and legend of Horatio Nelson
