http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13396 sorption
sorption
Sorption behaviour of I-, SeO32- and Cs+ in an ombrotrophic boreal bog : a study on microbial effects
Adsorptive removal of harmful organic compounds from aqueous solutions
Bioremediation of diesel oil contaminated soil and water
The application of phosphorus (P)-sorbing materials offers a possible solution for treating municipal wastewater  and agricultural runoff. In this paper we discuss P retention and release mechanisms, and review studies on the P  retention of different materials and their use as reactive media in filter beds. The main mechanisms for P retention  are sorption on metal (mostly Fe or Al) hydroxide surfaces and, in alkaline conditions, the formation of Ca-P  precipitates. The retention of P is strongly affected by the chemical composition of a material, its particle size and  pH-related effects on sorption and precipitation both during testing and in practical operation. Laboratory tests  are sensitive to solution chemistry (pH, alkalinity, ionic strength and composition, P concentration) and affected by  material-to-solution ratio, contact time and agitation. Moreover, due to deviations from realistic field conditions,  laboratory tests may produce imprecise estimates of the retention capacity and retention kinetics. In particular,  materials that contain soluble substances (e.g., CaO) that elevate the pH of the ambient solution to high levels may  in batch tests suggest a high capacity for P retention, but will most probably show much lower retention in field  settings. On the other hand, materials containing metal oxides also retain P via slow reactions, and their retention  capacity may be underestimated in short equilibrations. Appropriate laboratory test procedures will depend  on their intended applications and material properties. Long-term field-scale tests are few in number, but some of  them have shown promising results. Field-scale tests have, however, highlighted the design of the filters as a critical  factor in their efficiency.
Environmental soil chemistry
Ca - Fe oxide granules as potential phosphate barrier material for critical source areas : a laboratory study of P retention and release
Utilisation of industrial by-products in water treatment:carbon-and silicate-based materials as adsorbents for metals and sulphate removal
Referat.
Activated carbon amendments for sediment remediation : reduction of aquatic and biota concentrations of PCBs, and secondary effects on Lumbriculus variegatus and Chironomus riparius
The role of sorption in the ecological risk assessment of xenobiotics
A study of the chelate forming reaction between some phenolic compounds and anions formed by Mo[sup VI], W[sup VI], V[sup V], Sn[sup IV] and B[sup III]
Optimization of flooding in an absorption-desorption unit
Retention of orthophosphate, arsenate and arsenite onto the surface of aluminum or iron oxide-coated light expanded clay aggregates (LECAs) : a study of sorption mechanisms and anion competition
Moisture sorption : practical aspects of isotherm measurement and use
Sorption of metal ions to wood, pulp and bark materials
Potential and limitations of phosphate retention media in water protection : a process-based review of laboratory and field-scale tests
Using highly characterized peats to extract heavy metal ions from contaminated water
Sorption of europium on kaolinite KGa-1b
Optimization of CO2 removal in an absorption-desorption unit
A study on the drying process of pigment coated paper webs
Pollutant (such as metals and sulphate) contamination exists in the wastewaters of many industries, including mining operations, metal plating facilities, and tanneries. Adsorption is one of the most commonly used processes for the removal of pollutants from waters and wastewaters due to its high efficiency and simple operation. Activated carbon is the most frequently used adsorbent material, although its high cost inhibits its widespread use in wastewater treatment. Therefore, there is a need to develop other adsorbents from alternative inexpensive raw materials such as locally available industrial and mineral waste and by-products. The aim of this thesis was to study the possibility of using industrial waste materials such as carbon residue, metakaolin, blast-furnace slag and analcime as an inexpensive sorbent for iron, copper, nickel, arsenic, antimony and sulphate removal from aqueous solutions. To enhance their adsorption capacity, different chemical treatments (i.e. activation, modification, geopolymerisation) were performed. As a result, the level of removal of iron, copper and nickel by carbon residue and zinc chloride activated carbon residue was higher than that by the commercial activated carbon. Iron chloride modified carbon residue was the most effective sorbent material for sulphate removal when compared to the other studied chemically modified/activated carbon residues. Blast-furnace slag and metakaolin geopolymers as well as their raw materials, were examined for the simultaneous removal of nickel, arsenic and antimony from the spiked mine effluent. In the case of blast-furnace slag, geopolymerisation clearly increased the efficiency of nickel, arsenic and antimony removal to a beneficial level. The barium chloride modified blast-furnace-slag geopolymer was a very efficient sorbent material for sulphate removal and it could thus be a technically feasible sulphate sorbent for wastewater treatment (e.g. in the mining industry in applications in which very low sulphate levels are desired). Barium chloride modified acid washed analcime could also be a potential sorbent for sulphate removal.
Sorbents : properties, materials and applications
Utilisation of industrial by-products in water treatment : carbon-and silicate-based materials as adsorbents for metals and sulphate removal
Characterization of solid phosphorus-retaining materials : from laboratory to large-scale treatment of agricultural runoff
Sorption and biodegradation of creosote compounds in permeable barriers = Soprsjon og biologisk nedbrytning av kreosot forbindelser i permeable barrierer
Light weight aggregates and shellsand : filter materials for phosphorous sorption in small-scale wastewater treatment systems
Sorption and desorption of cesium on rapakivi granite and its minerals
Phosphate barriers may mitigate dissolved P losses from critical source areas. We studied P retention of industrially produced Ca - Fe oxide as potential P barrier material. In batch tests with 1 mg l⁻¹ P solution, P retention was 85% efficient in 5 min. In a flow-through system, the granule phosphate-retention capacity was 6 - 7 mg g⁻¹, being largely unaffected by pre-leaching. Phosphate release from P-saturated granules was pH-dependant and suggested P association with Fe oxides, and as Ca-phosphate precipitates. In a sequential extraction of P-saturated granules, about 25% of retained P was released, whereas a separate anaerobic incubation resulted in negligible release of P. Immersion of unleached, P-saturated granules for 16 days in a low-P-concentration lake resulted in more than 80% Ca loss, but no loss of metals, and about 25% loss of P accumulated earlier in granules. These granules are promising for P retention and merit a field-scale study.
Characterization of humic matter : sorption of organochloro compounds on the humic matter
Modeling of electrolyte sorption : from phase equilibria to dynamic separation systems
Physico-chemical properties of sol-gel synthesized titanosilicates for the uptake of radionuclides from aqueous solutions
