http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13330 wholesale businesses
wholesale businesses
50 years of Kesko
Principles of marketing
Setting up a food wholesale market in your city : the Togliatti example
Integration in vertical marketing systems : a study on power and contractual relationships between wholesalers and retailers
Change a hybrid organisation : a study of transformation of K-Alliance
Sports procurement and its impact on the sports retail market in Finland, case Millet
Principles of marketing : global edition
Dermoshop : under the skin
Sarlin : in the service of industry and society : the history of the company
Do current trends in the wholesale industry support Onninen's development of service concepts
The Lateral communication in Inex Partners Oy
Turnover of trade
100 years of Tamro
Marketing : an introduction
This study was conducted in order to address the challenges Inex Partners Oy has in the lateral communication between Processed Food and Daily Non-Food Products department and Purchasing department. This study argues that the challenges in lateral communication are due to three main issues. These are challenges in general communication such as inadequate relationship forming between the members of the two departments, geographical distance between the two departments and lack of communication guidelines from the management. The challenges are also derived from the way the members of the two departments are forming and are not forming effective cross functional teams. Thirdly the challenges are due to the way knowledge is managed in the organization. The research problem was: Why is the lateral information flow between the two departments not working in Inex Partners Oy? The research problem addressed a situation; a phenomenon at a certain time, and thus the research is cross-sectional and exploratory. The research approach is inductive and the research method is qualitative due to the context related and human aspect of the issue. The interview questions were derived from different related theories and the questions addressed the research problem from various angles. The data provided a lot of relevant and enlightening information regarding the problem and thus the analysis of the data gave valuable answers to the problem.   The findings of this study truly answer the research problem from various aspects and they truly enlighten the problem from a new point of view. As the study does not concentrate purely on communication but it also takes into account the human aspect and the knowledge management aspect of the challenge, this study provides new information to Inex Partners Oy that can help the company to take actions to overcome the challenge.
Marketing management : an Asian perspective
