http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13360 Early Christian art
Early Christian art
The sacred tree as an early Christian literary symbol : a phenomenological study. 1978.
Early Christian & Byzantine art
The encyclopedia of visual art. Vol. 1, History of art : Paleolithic art - Etruscan art
Subterranean Rome
Late antique, Early Christian and Mediaeval art
The genesis of early Christian art : syncretic juxtaposition in the Roman world
Divine or human images? : Neoplatonic and Christian views on works of art and aesthetics
Early Christian symbolism in Great Britain and Ireland before the thirteenth century
The clash of gods : a reinterpretation of early Christian art
The woman with the blood flow (Mark 5:24-34) : narrative, iconic, and anthropological spaces
The book of art : a pictorial encyclopedia of painting, drawing and sculpture. Vol 1, Origins of western art
Irish art in the early Christian period (to 800 A.D.)
Early Christian attitudes toward images
Constantine & Rome
Pottery, pavements, and paradise : iconographic and textual studies on late antiquity
Art of the middle ages
The golden bowl from Pietroasa / Madeleine von Heland
Byzantium and the North : Acta Byzantina Fennica. Vol. 8
Age of spirituality : late antique and early Christian art, third to seventh century : catalogue of the exhibition at The Metropolitan Museum of Art, November 19, 1977, throgh February 12, 1978
God, cosmos, and humankind : the world of early Christian symbolism
Mount Nebo
Christian iconography : a study of its origins
Early Christian & Byzantine architecture
The apse, the image and the icon : an historical perspective of the apse as a space for images
Gods and Settlers is an interdisciplinary study that brings together iconography, literature, history, and religious studies to investigate a unique subset of this sculptural corpus: stone monuments with mythological and heroic iconography of Scandinavian origins. These carvings are particularly interesting because of the ecclesiastical roots of stone sculpture as a mode of artistic expression in England and the undoubtedly Christian context of the majority of the surviving monuments. The first half of the book is a detailed survey of the relevant carvings from northern England and a wide range of textual and visual parallels, together with an investigation of the sources and use of individual heroic and mythological characters and motifs. The second half focuses on the intellectual framework and social context of the artefacts, and presents a new view of these sculptures as cultural documents of the conversion of the Scandinavian settlers of northern England.
In this volume two important veins of interdisciplinary research into the medieval period in Scandinavia and the Baltic region are merged, namely the Christianization process and landscape studies. The volume authors approach the common theme of sacrality in landscape from such various viewpoints as archaeology, philology, history of religion, theology, history, classical studies, and art history. A common theme in all articles is a theoretical approach, complemented by illustrative case studies from the Scandinavian, Baltic, or Classical worlds. Aspects of pagan religion, as well as Christianity and the establishment of the early Church, are considered within both geographical setting and social landscape, while the study of maps, place names, and settlement patterns introduces new methodologies and perspectives to expose and define the sacral landscape of these regions. The contributions are put into perspective by a comparison with research into the sacral landscapes of Central Europe and the Classical world. New interdisciplinary research methods and new models have been developed by the contributors to present new vistas of sacrality in the Scandinavian and the Baltic landscape. To open up these case studies, a selection of over sixty images and maps accompanies this cutting-edge research, allowing the reader to explore sacralization and the Christianization process within its medieval setting.
Coptic art and culture
This publication starts from a particular passage in the New Testament that tells the story of a “woman with an issue of blood.” The gospel relates how the so-called Haemorrhoissa is healed the very moment she touches Christ's garment. This publication forms the first - and so far the only – interdisciplinary study of this particular biblical motif from an exegetical, art-historical and anthropological point of view. Contributing scholars interpret the impact of this biblical miracle on Christian texts, material culture and healing archetypes in the Middle Ages and Early Modernity. The story and its Nachleben in literary commentaries and various iconographies unveil a particular energy in Christendom related to ideas about the female body, the role of textile, and the magical impact of touch. The Woman with the Blood Flow (Mark 5:24-34). Narrative, Iconic, and Anthropological Spaces contributes to all research in the humanities concerned with gender, the sensorium, Judeo-Christian attitudes towards blood and taboo, and early Christian material culture in the East and West. Its trajectory ultimately reveals the crucial mystery at the heart of image-making as such.
The art of Scandinavia volume two. 2, volume two
Understanding early Christian art
The early Christian monuments of Ravenna : transformations and memory
The Christian catacombs of Rome : history, decoration, inscriptions
Early medieval art
'Churches built in ancient times' : recent studies in early Christian archaeology
Early Christian and Byzantine art
The social origins of Christian architecture. Vol. 1, Building God's house in the Roman world : architectural adaptation among pagans, Jews and Christians
Picturing the Bible : the earliest Christian art
Early Christian art : an outline of the evolution of style and iconography in sculpture and painting from antiquity to the eight century
Early Christian and Byzantine
The beginnings of Christian art
The arts of mankind. [9], The beginnings of Christian art 200-395
Art and the Roman Viewer presents a fresh analysis of a major intellectual problem in the history of art: why did the arts of Late Antiquity move away from classical naturalism towards spiritual abstraction? Arguing from a close examination of ancient art images and texts, Jas Elsner shows how an understanding of Roman viewing practices greatly deepens our insight into this fundamental transformation. The sophisticated arts of the early empire, such as Pompeian painting, sculpted reliefs and silverware, entertain the potential for irony, parody, and deconstruction. By contrast, the symbolic arts of the Christian empire, notably the mosaics of Ravenna, eschew irony, while complexity remains, indeed intensifies, as multiple meanings compete to enrich a fundamentally sacred truth. By addressing the subtleties inherent in ancient viewing, this study embarks on a quest to enrich our understanding of an era of profound artistic change.
Text, image, interpretation : studies in Anglo-Saxon literature and its insular context in honour of Éamonn Ó Carragáin
Early Christian art and architecture : an introduction
Art : the critics' choice : 150 masterpieces of western art
Rome. The late Empire : Roman art A.D. 200-400
Sacred sites and holy places : exploring the sacralization of landscape through time and space
Sinai, Byzantium, Russia : Orthodox art from the sixth to the twentieth century
Irish art in the early Christian period
Baptismal imagery in early Christianity : ritual, visual, and theological dimensions
The invisible god : the earliest christians on art
Gods and settlers : the iconography of Norse mythology in Anglo-Scandinavian sculpture
Icon painting
Early Christian art and architecture
Face to face : portraits of the divine in early Christianity
Byzantine art in the collections of Soviet Museums
The early Christians
The art of the Franciscan Order in Italy
Early christian and medieval antiquities. Volum1, Mosaics and wallpaintings in Roman churches
Byzantine East, Latin West : art-historical studies in honor of Kurt Weitzmann
Art and the Roman viewer : the transformation of art from the pagan world to christianity
Studia Patristica. Vol. LXXIII, Including papers presented at the Conferences on Early Christian Iconography, held in Pécs, Hungary
God and gold in late antiquity
These essays on late antiquity traverse a territory in which Christian and pagan imagery and practices compete, coexist, and intermingle. The iconography of the most significant late antique ceramic, African Red Slip Ware, is an important and relatively unexploited vehicle for documenting the diversity and interpenetration of late antique cultures. Literary texts and art in other media, particularly mosaics, provide imagery that complement and enhance the messages of the ceramics. Popular entertainments, pagan cults, mythic heroes, beasts, monsters, and biblical visions are themes dealt with on the patrician and popular levels. With interpretive supplements from these diverse realms, it is possible to achieve greater insight into the life, attitudes, and thought of Late Antiquity.
The arts of mankind. 9, The beginnings of Christian art 200-395
Textiles of late antiquity : The Metropolitan Museum of Art, New York, [14.12.1995 - 7.4.1996] / essay by Annemarie Stauffer ; entries by Marsha Hill, Helen C. Evans and Daniel Walker
From Dura to Sepphoris : studies in Jewish art and society in late antiquity
The eloquence of appropriation : prolegomena to an understanding of Spolia in early Christian Rome
Jewish art in its late antique context
On the relevancies of early christian architecture of Armenia and Syria
Meaning in western architecture
A history of painting in Italy : Umbria, Florence and Siena from the Second to the Sixteenth century. Vol. 1, Early christian art
