http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13381 fixed-term nature
fixed-term nature
Partial unemployment insurance benefits and the transition rate to regular work
Social policy in tandem with the labour market in the European Union
Temporary agency work in Finland : backgroung documentary on temporary agency work in Europe
On the social dimension in posting of workers : reasoning on posted workers directive, wage liability, minimum wages and right to industrial action
Temporary employment and health
The thesis introduces the factors, which influence the most for the employment contract strategy of a company in relation to office workers. The factors are being examined from companies  ́ point of view. This allows one to show the most influential factors in relation to employees  employment contract strategy from its actual perspective. The research also shows what is the linkage between these factors and the employment contract strategies considering business field.  Companies past and current employment contract forms used are being explained in the study and the future intentional strategies in relation to contract forms are being studied here.       These issues are more closely being studied from a company   ́s perspective in a case Kesko food. The case analyses Kesko food  ́s employment contract strategy from the past few years until the five next years to come.
Global trends in flexible labour
Flexibility and competitiveness : labour market flexibility, innovation and organisational performance : Finnish national report
Labour market efficiency in the European Union : employment protection and fixed-term contracts
Naiset joustavilla työmarkkinoilla : tapaustutkimus naisten kokemuksista epätyypillisestä työsuhteesta siivouspalveluyrityksessä = Women in flexible employment market : a case-study of women's experiences of a atypical employment relationship in a cleaning service business
The evolving world of work in the enlarged EU : progress and vulnerability
Atypical employment and gender in Finland
Employer perception of temporary agency employees : case Manpower Oy
International perspectives on temporary agency work
Fran Abrams was commissioned by the Guardian to work as a night cleaner at the Savoy - living on (or as it turned out - below) the minimum wage. A short version of that experience appeared in the paper in January 2002. For Profile, she spent a month living on (in fact below) the minimum wage in South Yorkshire working in a pickle factory and then another month in Scotland working as a care assistant. In the tradition of George Orwell's Down & Out in London & Paris, this book shows what it is like to try to live on £4.10 an hour. Where can you live? What can you afford to eat? Or do in the evening? What are the jobs - and the workmates and bosses like? This book, in entertaining prose, sympathetic portraits and a telling eye for detail reveals all - including the extraordinary differences across the length of Britain.
Perceived employability : antecedents, trajectories and well-being consequences
Enterprises as employers in Finland : [flexible enterprise project]
Perception of job instability in Europe
Crossing the great divide : worker risk and opportunity in the new economy
Abstract (1 s.).
A comparative study of the regulation governing the use of fixed-term contracts in three EU member states
Three decades of working conditions : findings of Finnish Quality of Work Life Surveys 1977-2008
Factors influencing the choice of the most suitable employment contract strategy in relation to office workers : case: Kesko food
Below the breadline : living on the minimum wage
EU social and employment law : policy and practice in an enlarged Europe
Summary in english.
Employment contracts, psychological contracts, and employee well-being : an international study
Women in flexible employment market : a case-study of women's experiences of a atypical employment relationship in a cleaning service business.
Atypical employment in the EC
Non-standard employment and health with respect to sense of coherence and social capital
Management and organization of temporary agency work
Gurus, hired guns, and warm bodies : itinerant experts in a knowlege economy
Flexibility in practice : women's employment and pay in retail and finance
Abstract in Dutch.
Gender and the contours of precarious employment
The fixed time nurses ́experiences about good nursing care in the sense of responsibility
Gender equality in working life
