http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13306 Visual Basic .NET
Visual Basic .NET
Microsoft Visual Studio 2008 unleashed
Abstract.
Microsoft Visual Basic .NET : step by step
Visual Basic.NET for experienced programmers
Visual Basic 2005 : a developer's notebook
Beginning web programming : using VB.NET & Visual Studio .NET
Professional ASP.NET 4.5 in C# and VB
"This book is an introduction to programming usingMicrosoft's Visual Basic .NET 2010. It is intended for novice programmers with little or no programming experience or no experience withVisual Basic. The text emphasizes programming logic and good programmingtechniques with generous explanations of programming concepts written from a nontechnical point of view. It stresses input, processing, and output and sequence, selection, and repetition in code development. File input and output (I/O) and arrays are included. Later chapters introduce objects, event programming, and databases. By taking a slow and steady approach to programming ideas, this book builds new concepts from what the reader has already learned. VB tips and quips inject both humor and insight".
Practical database programming with Visual Basic.NET
Microsoft Visual Basic .NET : language reference
Teach yourself ASP.NET in 21 days
Beginning Microsoft Visual Basic 2008
Professional ASP.NET 3.5 in C# and VB
ASP.NET 4.5 remains Microsoft's preferred technology for creating dynamic websites, providing developers with unrivaled power and flexibility. Pro ASP.NET 4.5 in VB is the most complete reference to ASP.NET that you will find. This comprehensively revised fifth edition will teach you everything you need to know in order to create well-designed ASP.NET websites. Beginning with core concepts the book progresses steadily through key professional skills. You'll be shown how to query databases in detail, consider the myriad applications of XML, and step through all the considerations you need to be aware of when securing your site from intruders. Finally, you'll consider advanced topics such as using client-side validation, jQuery and Ajax.By the time you have read this book you will have learned all the skills you need to use ASP.NET 4.5 with confidence.
Professional VB.NET
The book of VB .NET : .NET insight for VB developers
The Visual Basic .NET programming language
Introducing Visual C# 2010
Developing Tablet PC applications
Programming in Visual Basic 2010 : the very beginner's guide
Introducing .NET
Regular expressions cookbook
Murach's ASP.NET 4 web programming with VB 2010
ASP.NET 2.0 all-in-one desk reference for dummies®
Sams teach youself visual basic 2008 in 24 hours : complete starter kit
Visual Basic .Net : The Complete Reference
Sams teach yourself Visual Basic .NET in 21 days
Visual basic .NET all in one desk reference for dummies
Programming Microsoft Visual Basic .NET
Introducing Microsoft Visual Basic 2005 for Developers
Program development on Pocket PC platform
Professional Visual Studio
Murach's ASP.NET 2.0 web programming with VB 2005
Programming Microsoft web forms
The definitive guide to MySQL5
Moving to ASP.NET : web development with VB .NET
.NET wireless programming
Sams teach yourself Visual Basic .NET Web programming in 21 days
Beginning Visual Basic .NET
Programming Excel with VBA and .NET
Microsoft Visual Basic 2008 Step by Step
Professional visual basic 2012 and .net 4.5 programming
Building distributed applications with Visual Basic .NET
The Visual Basic.NET coach
Programming C#
Microsoft Visual Basic .NET : programmer's cookbook
Database access with Visual. Basic.NET
Professional C# 2005 with .NET 3.0
Beginning ASP.NET 3.5 : in C# and VB
VB.NET programming with the Public Beta
Beginning ASP.NET 3.5 in C# and VB
Data structures and algorithms using Visual Basic.NET
Database programming with VB.NET
Murach's Visual Basic .NET
Microsoft Visual Basic 2010 : step by step
Developing Microsoft .Net controls with Microsoft Visual Basic.Net
Microsoft Visual Basic .NET step by step
Pro ASP.NET 4.5 in VB
Professional ASP.NET 3.5 SP1 edition : in C♯ and VB
Visual Basic .NET developer's handbook
VB.NET for developers
Visual Basic.Net in 60 minutes a day
VB.NET programming for AutoCAD customization : VB.NET training for AutoCAD 2007 and AutoCAD 2008.. Level 1
Abstract: Processing of the EDIFACT Standard PRODAT Messages.
LINQ in action
Microsoft ASP.NET programming with Microsoft Visual Basic .NET step by step : version 2003
Cash Register Terminal : Case: Art Gallery Cash Terminal
Microsoft Visual Studio 2010 unleashed
Coding techniques for Microsoft Visual Basic .NET
Visual Basic 2010 : how to program
Introduction to programming with Visual Basic .NET
Visual Basic.NET database programming
Microsoft  Visual Basic .NET : introduction to programming
Writing mobile code : essential software engineering for building mobile applications
MCAD/MCSD self-paced training kit. Developing Windows-based applications with Microsoft Visual BASIC .NET and Microsoft Visual C# .NET : exams 70-306 and 70-316 : Microsoft .NET
MonoDevelop : integrated development environment, Linux, MAC OS X, Microsoft Windows, Mono (software), .NET Framework, Microsoft Visual Studio, NetBeans
ASP.NET and VB.NET Web programming
ADO.NET : Programmer's reference
.NET and COM : the complete interoperability guide
Stephens' Visual Basic programming : 24-hour trainer
Processing of the EDIFACT Standard PRODAT Messages
Professional ASP.NET 4 in C# and VB
Murach's ASP.NET 3.5 web programming with VB 2008
Beginning ASP.NET 4 : in C# and VB
Microsoft Visual Basic .NET deluxe learning edition
