http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13386 measure theory
measure theory
Space-filling, energy and moduli of continuity
Optimal regularity of solutions to Poisson equations on metric measure spaces and an application
Thin and fat sets : geometry of doubling measures in metric spaces
Transversal mappings and projections of invariant measures on manifolds
Measure, integral and probability
Fourier analysis and applications : filtering, numerical computation, wavelets
An introduction to measure-theoretic probability
A course in mathematical analysis. Volume III, Complex analysis, measure and integration
Real analysis : measure theory, integration, and Hilbert spaces
A course in mathematical analysis. Vol. 2, Metric and topological spaces, functions of a vector variable
Mathematical analysis : an introduction
Probability measures on semigroups : convolution products, random walks and random matrices
Computer-aided measurement systems as information systems : discrete-mathematical foundations
Meter in poetry : a new theory
Measure theory and probability
Measure theory
Local structure of fractal sets : tangents and dimension
This book covers Lebesgue integration and its generalizations from Daniell's point of view, modified by the use of seminorms. Integrating functions rather than measuring sets is posited as the main purpose of measure theory. From this point of view Lebesgue's integral can be had as a rather straightforward, even simplistic, extension of Riemann's integral; and its aims, definitions, and procedures can be motivated at an elementary level. The notion of measurability, for example, is suggested by Littlewood's observations rather than being conveyed authoritatively through definitions of (sigma)-algebras and good-cut-conditions, the latter of which are hard to justify and thus appear mysterious, even nettlesome, to the beginner. The approach taken provides the additional benefit of cutting the labor in half. The use of seminorms, ubiquitous in modern analysis, speeds things up even further.
Probability measures on semigroups : convolution products, random walks, and random matrices
Geometric measure theory
Formal representation of measurement procedures on axiomatic basis
During the past two decades there has been active interplay between geometric measure theory and Fourier analysis. This book describes part of that development, concentrating on the relationship between the Fourier transform and Hausdorff dimension. The main topics concern applications of the Fourier transform to geometric problems involving Hausdorff dimension, such as Marstrand type projection theorems and Falconer's distance set problem, and the role of Hausdorff dimension in modern Fourier analysis, especially in Kakeya methods and Fourier restriction phenomena. The discussion includes both classical results and recent developments in the area. The author emphasises partial results of important open problems, for example, Falconer's distance set conjecture, the Kakeya conjecture and the Fourier restriction conjecture. Essentially self-contained, this book is suitable for graduate students and researchers in mathematics.
Lebesgue integration and measure
Topics on analysis in metric spaces
Rethinking design and interiors : human beings in the built environment
Measure theory. Volume 2, Broad foundations
Transversal mappings between manifolds and non-trivial measures on visible parts
Iterated function systems : natural measure and logical structure
Approximating competitive games with a large number of players
Logic and design : in art, science & mathematics
The marriage of analytic power to geometric intuition drives many of today's mathematical advances, yet books that build the connection from an elementary level remain scarce. This engaging introduction to geometric measure theory bridges analysis and geometry, taking readers from basic theory to some of the most celebrated results in modern analysis. The theory of sets of finite perimeter provides a simple and effective framework. Topics covered include existence, regularity, analysis of singularities, characterization and symmetry results for minimizers in geometric variational problems, starting from the basics about Hausdorff measures in Euclidean spaces and ending with complete proofs of the regularity of area-minimizing hypersurfaces up to singular sets of codimension.
Philosophical and foundational issues in measurement theory
Real analysis : modern techniques and their applications
Probability and measure theory
A basic course in measure and probability : theory for applications
The geometry of fractal sets
Applications of chaining, Poincaré and pointwise decay of measures
Gauge / gravity dualities
Sharp results on reverse Hölder inequalities
Fine structure of measures
Quantum measure theory
Measure and integration
Testing reliability and validity of the Finnish version of the appraisal of self-care agency (ASA) scale with elderly Finns
Differentiable measures and the Malliavin calculus
Hearing in time : psychological aspects of musical meter
Lectures on analysis on metric spaces
An introduction to measure and probability
Exploring the role of analytical scale in archaeological interpretation
Iterated function systems: natural measure and local structure
Fourier analysis and Hausdorff dimension
Sets of finite perimeter and geometric variational problems : an introduction to geometric measure theory
Real analysis and probability
Real analysis
Real mathematical analysis
Singular integrals and rectifiability of measures in the plane
An introduction to measure and integration
The joys of Haar measure
Vector measures
The measure of reality : quantification and Western society, 1250-1600
Jones strives to present a slow introduction to Lebesgue integration by dealing with n-dimensional spaces from the outset. In addition, the text provide a thorough treatment of Fourier analysis, while holistically preparing students to become workers in real analysis.
A user's guide to measure theoretic probability
Confronting scale in archaeology : issues of theory and practice
An introduction to infinite ergodic theory
Intended as a self-contained introduction to measure theory, this textbook also includes a comprehensive treatment of integration on locally compact Hausdorff spaces, the analytic and Borel subsets of Polish spaces, and Haar measures on locally compact groups. This second edition includes a chapter on measure-theoretic probability theory, plus brief treatments of the Banach-Tarski paradox, the Henstock-Kurzweil integral, the Daniell integral, and the existence of liftings. Measure Theory provides a solid background for study in both functional analysis and probability theory and is an excellent resource for advanced undergraduate and graduate students in mathematics. The prerequisites for this book are basic courses in point-set topology and in analysis, and the appendices present a thorough review of essential background material. The author aims to present a straightforward treatment of the part of measure theory necessary for analysis and probability' assuming only basic knowledge of analysis and topology. Each chapter includes numerous well-chosen exercises, varying from very routine practice problems to important extensions and developments of the theory; for the difficult ones there are helpful hints. It is the reviewer's opinion that the author has succeeded in his aim. In spite of its lack of new results, the selection and presentation of materials makes this a useful book for an introduction to measure and integration theory.
Theory of measurement
Abstracts measurement theory
Measures, integrals and martingales
Integration : a functional approach
"Originating from the authors' own graduate course at the University of North Carolina, this material has been thoroughly tried and tested over many years, making the book perfect for a two-term course or for self-study. It provides a concise introduction that covers all of the measure theory and probability most useful for statisticians, including Lebesgue integration, limit theorems in probability, martingales, and some theory of stochastic processes. Readers can test their understanding of the material through the 300 exercises provided. The book is especially useful for graduate students in statistics and related fields of application (biostatistics, econometrics, finance, meteorology, machine learning, and so on) who want to shore up their mathematical foundation. The authors establish common ground for students of varied interests which will serve as a firm 'take-off point' for them as they specialize in areas that exploit mathematical machinery"--
Measure and integration theory
Analysis in Banach spaces. Volume I, Martingales and Littlewood-Paley theory
Statistical methods for measuring preferences
On the upper Minkowski dimension, the packing dimension, and orthogonal projections
Harmonic analysis of probability measures on hypergroups
Rectifiable sets, densities and tangent measures
Measure theory : a first course
A concise guide to semigroups and evolution equations
The present volume develops the theory of integration in Banach spaces, martingales and UMD spaces, and culminates in a treatment of the Hilbert transform, Littlewood-Paley theory and the vector-valued Mihlin multiplier theorem. Over the past fifteen years, motivated by regularity problems in evolution equations, there has been tremendous progress in the analysis of Banach space-valued functions and processes. The contents of this extensive and powerful toolbox have been mostly scattered around in research papers and lecture notes. Collecting this diverse body of material into a unified and accessible presentation fills a gap in the existing literature. The principal audience that we have in mind consists of researchers who need and use Analysis in Banach Spaces as a tool for studying problems in partial differential equations, harmonic analysis, and stochastic analysis. Self-contained and offering complete proofs, this work is accessible to graduate students and researchers with a background in functional analysis or related areas.
Ergodic theory - introductory lectures
Essentials of integration theory for analysis
The measure of all things : the seven-year odyssey that transformed the world
Exceptional sets in projection and slicing theorems
Fundamentals of real analysis
Lebesgue integration on Euclidean space
"The three volumes of A Course in Mathematical Analysis provide a full and detailed account of all those elements of real and complex analysis that an undergraduate mathematics student can expect to encounter in their first two or three years of study. Containing hundreds of exercises, examples and applications, these books will become an invaluable resource for both students and teachers. Volume I focuses on the analysis of real-valued functions of a real variable. This second volume goes on to consider metric and topological spaces. Topics such as completeness, compactness and connectedness are developed, with emphasis on their applications to analysis. This leads to the theory of functions of several variables: differentiation is developed in a co-ordinate free way, while integration (the Riemann integral) is established for functions defined on subsets of Euclidean space. Differential manifolds in Euclidean space are introduced in a final chapter, which includes an account of Lagrange multipliers and a detailed proof of the divergence theorem. Volume III covers complex analysis and the theory of measure and integration. "--
Evolution processes and the Feynman-Kac formula. by Brian Jefferies
