http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13341 refrigerating devices
refrigerating devices
Heat pumps : installation and troubleshooting
Guidelines for using the cryo6©- cold air device : one group pre-experimental study
Hygiene for management : a text for food safety courses
Refrigerating systems : CIBSE commissioning code R
Le froid au service de l'homme : 16th international congress of refrigeration, Paris 1983. 3.
Alternatives to HCFC as refrigerant in shipping vessels
Consider the fork : a history of how we cook and eat
The bar & beverage book
Kylmäilmakuivurien automaattiset ohjauslaitteet - ryhmäkoetus = Atomatic controllers of ambient air driers - group test260 Vihti. 1987.
National training on good practices in refrigeration : a support guide for NOUs
Kylmän välttämättömyys : kylmätekniikan voitonmarssi Suomessa = The need for cold : historical perspectives on Finnish refrigeration technology
Review of energy efficient technologies in the refrigeration systems of the agrofood industry : Thermie programme action no I 185
Heat pipe cooled piston : feasibility study
Le froid au service de l'homme : 16th international congress of refrigeration, Paris 1983. 4.
Temperature transmission by wireless module
Construction and operation of a nuclear refrigeration cryostat
Indirect refrigeration systems : design guide book
HVAC trouble shooting guide
Thermodynamics for dummies
Supervising food safety : a text for level 3 food safety courses and a reference for supervisors
Characterization of MgB2 superconductors in conduction-cooled systems
Le froid au service de l'homme : 16th international congress of refrigeration, Paris 1983. 1-2
Four ships ordered in side loader series
"The Bar and Beverage Book explains how to manage the beverage option of a restaurant, bar, hotel, country club--any place that serves beverages to customers.  It provides readers with the history of the beverage industry and appreciation of wine, beer, and spirits; information on equipping, staffing, managing, and marketing a bar; and the purchase and mixology of beverages.   New topics in this edition include changes to regulations regarding the service of alcohol, updated sanitation guidelines, updates to labor laws and the employment of staff, and how to make your operation more profitable. New trends in spirits, wine, and beer are also covered"--
Refrigeration and air-conditioning
Abstract: Guidelines for using the cryo6© - cold air device one group pre-experimental study.
Guidebook for implementation of codes of good practice : refrigeration sector
Le froid au service de l'homme : 16th international congress of refrigeration, Paris 1983. 2.
Norpe 50 : 1953-2003
Le froid au service de l'homme : 16th international congress of refrigeration, Paris 1983. 5.
Helkama in Russian format
Industrial refrigeration handbook
Scotsman : the super cool ice-maker
