http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13322 applied psychology
applied psychology
Applied sport psychology : a case-based approach
Cross-cultural psychology
Psychological consultation and collaboration : introduction to theory and practice
Effective business psychology
Applying psychology : critical and creative thinking
Understanding police human relations
Introduction to clinical psychology : scientific foundations to clinical practice
The morals and politics of psychology : psychological discourse and the status quo
Computational philosophy of science
Handbook of interpersonal psychology : theory, research, assessment and therapeutic interventions
An introduction to counselling
Transpersonal psychotherapy : theory and practice
Fields of applied psychology
A handbook of social psychology
Person-centred counselling in action
Environmental assessment and design : a new tool for the applied behavioral scientist
Has the developing world developed modern concepts of stress? Are coping methods the same around the globe? Such questions are not simple to answer, and until recently, few knew to ask them. In recent years, Western psychologists have recognized that their prevailing views of psychology do not always translate worldwide, and that no culture has a monopoly on either stress or coping. "The Handbook of Multicultural Perspectives on Stress and Coping" was created to address this realization. This unique volume moves beyond simple comparisons of behaviors in other countries by clarifying critical concepts in stress and coping, analyzing and synthesizing vast amounts of global data, and identifying constructs and methodologies necessary for meaningful cross-cultural research. An international, multiethnic panel of forty-five contributors presents elegant studies of stress, survival, and resilience as cultures evolve and countries interact, including: personal transformation as a coping strategy; psychological skills that enhance intercultural adjustment; individual versus collectivist values in coping; and Buddhist and Taoist traditions in coping. It provides details about the cumulative effects of historical, environmental, and political stressors on nations in the Middle East - Specific cross-cultural perspectives, from Latino-American families to Canadian aboriginal peoples to minority university students. The editors have assembled a vital store of knowledge, raising crucial implications for clinicians working with immigrant/international populations, and evaluating the current state of theory, research, and assessment. The Handbook documents major steps toward scientific advancement, and human understanding.
Psychological interpretation
Applied positive psychology : improving everyday life, health, schools, work, and society
The heart & soul of change : delivering what works in therapy
An introduction to applied cognitive psychology
Handbook of counseling psychology
Handbook of research methods in experimental psychology
Applied social psychology : understanding and managing social problems
With the imagery of a poet and the reflection of a philosopher, David Whyte turns his attention to 52 ordinary words, each its own particular doorway into the underlying currents of human life. Beginning with Alone and closing with Work, each chapter is a meditation on meaning and context, an invitation to shift and broaden our perspectives on the inevitable vicissitudes of life: pain and joy, honesty and anger, confession and vulnerability, the experience of feeling besieged and the desire to run away from it all. Through this lens, procrastination may be a necessary ripening; hiding an act of freedom; and shyness the appropriate confusion and helplessness that accompanies the first stage of revelation. Consolations invites readers into a poetic and thoughtful consideration of words whose meaning and interpretation influence the paths we choose and the way we traverse them throughout our lives.
Routledge handbook of applied sport psychology : a comprehensive guide for students and practitioners
International review of industrial and organizational psychology 1987
Applied psychology : putting theory into practice
Teleological realism : mind, agency, and explanation
As a quintessentially human activity, work transcends countries and cultures. But as economies falter and labor markets go global, the concept of career can seem unrealistic-even alien-to many in economically developing and developed nations alike. The challenge to today's career professional is providing relevant services in the face of rapid, pervasive change. The Handbook of Career Development assembles theoretical and practical innovations on a world scale. Written by professionals from diverse countries and fields, this progressive resource presents career guidance and workforce development as cross-cultural, multidisciplinary, and responsive to contemporary realities. Advanced analysis allows a deeper understanding of the long-term needs of workers as varied as indigenous peoples, older women, immigrants, international students, and the recovering mentally ill. Easy-to-apply career service strategies are outlined for each of these special groups as also for others. And the book's multicultural vision entails reinterpreting the notion of career for the economically developing world, including for those engaged in traditional, rural and craft occupations. Among the areas covered in the Handbook: Innovations in career theory. The person in contexts across the lifespan. Effective career preparation in a volatile labor market. Green careers: work, environmental sustainability, and social justice. Enabling culturally sensitive career counseling. Services for special groups. New directions for assessment, practice, counselor training, competencies, and standards. The Handbook of Career Development opens out realistic new paths for all involved in career services, including counselors, psychologists, social workers, human resource managers, educators, youth workers, and policymakers. It is a suitable resource for a range of academic fields such as developmental studies, economics, ecology, and indigenous studies, and makes an invaluable training text for aspiring career counselors.
Doing counselling research
The heart & soul of change : what works in therapy
Coaching for resilience : a practical guide to using positive psychology
Experimenting with personal construct psychology
Encyclopedia of applied psychology. Volume 2, F-Per
The measurement of communication processess : Galileo theory and method
Positive psychology : the science of happiness and human strengths
The theory and practice of counselling psychology
Consumer behavior and advertising involvement : selected works of Herbert E. Krugman
Psychology for social work theory and practice
Journal of applied psychology
Provocative coaching : making things better by making them worse
Normal gets you nowhere
Psychology and social care
Teach yourself applied psychology
Applying social psychology : from problems to solutions
Counselling. Vol 1, The BAC counselling reader
Angles on applied psychology
Psychology in minutes
Systems psychology
Cognition in practice : mind, mathematics and culture in everyday life
"Explores the environment's effects on human wellbeing and behaviour, factors influencing environmental behaviour and ways of encouraging pro-environmental action"--
Applications of nonverbal behavioral theories and research
Applied psychology in human resource management
Theory and practice of counselling & therapy
"Getting someone to tell the truth is an essential skill that very few people possess. In the boardroom, classroom, or our own homes, every day we interact with others and try to get the truth from them. People are often untruthful out of fear of negative consequences associated with divulging information. But if a person is made to forget the long-term outcomes, he or she can be influenced to disclose sensitive information that's being withheld. The aim is to encourage the person to remain in short-term thinking mode, shifting focus away from the long-term ramifications of telling the truth. As former CIA agents and bestselling authors of Spy the Lie, Philip Houston, Mike Floyd, and Susan Carnicero are among the world's best at recognizing deceptive behavior and eliciting the truth from even the most accomplished liars. Get the Truth is a step-by-step guide that empowers readers to elicit the truth from others. It also chronicles the fascinating story of how the authors used a methodology Houston developed to elicit the truth in the counterterrorism and criminal investigation realms, and how these techniques can be applied to our daily lives. Using thrilling anecdotes from their careers in counterintelligence, and with easy-to-follow instructions, the authors provide a foolproof means of getting absolutely anybody to give an honest answer. Get the Truth is the easy and effective way to learn how to get the truth every time"--
Applied psychology : new frontiers and rewarding careers
Environmental psychology : an introduction
Exposing the magic of design : a practitioner's guide to the methods and theory of synthesis
Encyclopedia of applied psychology. Volume 3, Per-y
Clinical psychology
♯Now : the surprising truth about the power of now
Handbook of clinical behavioral pediatrics
Theory and practice of counselling and therapy
Transnational popular psychology and the global self-help industry : the politics of contemporary social change
Research with the locus of control construct. Vol. 3, Extensions and limitations
Human science and social order : Hugo Münsterberg and the origins of applied psychology
Applied psychology for social workers
Applied psychology : current issues and new directions
Sex and sexuality
Cognitive and behavioral rehabilitation : from neurobiology to clinical practice
Handbook of multicultural perspectives on stress and coping
Applied discourse analysis : social and psychological interventions
Applied cognitive psychology : a textbook
Psychology and experience
Handbook of organizational behavior
Attribution theory in clinical psychology
New trends in cooperative activities : understanding system dynamics in complex environments
Handbook of counseling and psychotherapy in an international context
A student's dictionary of psychology
Applied social psychology : understanding and addressing social and practical problems
Consolations : the solace, nourishment and underlying meaning of everday words
Get the truth : former CIA officers teach you how to persuade anyone to tell all
Handbook of career development : international perspectives
Applied psychology : adjustments in living and work
Encyclopedia of applied psychology. Volume 1, A-E
Elements of applied psychology
Counselling. Vol 2, The BACP counselling reader
Applied psychology
The theory and practice of counselling
Psychological issues of human-computer interaction in the work place
