http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13332 composing
composing
Ligeti's laments: nostalgia, exoticism, and the absolute
Notes from the metalevel : introduction to algorithmic music composition
Brother, can you spare a rhyme? : 100 years of hit songwriting
The song writing sourcebook : How to turn chords into great songs
Comprehensive technique for jazz musicians : for all instruments
Composing for voice : a guide for composers, singers and teachers
The Billboard guide to writing and producing songs that sell : how to create hits in today's music industry
The art of strict musical composition
Learn to compose and notate music at the keyboard : beginning level
Off key : comprehensive guide to unconventional piano techniques
The technique of choral composition. by Archibald T. Davison
The song machine : how to make a hit
Techniques of twentieth century composition : a guide to the materials of modern music
Song writing : a complete guide to craft
Why are we doing what we are doing? : notes for a lecture
THE SCHILLINGER SYSTEM OF MUSICAL COMPOSITION. 2.
Computer based creative music making : young people's music in the digital age
Traditional music and composition : for György Ligeti on his 80th birthday
Riffs : How to create and play great guitar riffs
How to write for percussion : a comprehensive guide to percussion composition
Storycomposing as a path to a child's inner world : a collaborative music therapy experiment with a child co-researcher
Basic atonal theory
When music resists meaning : the major writings of Herbert Brün
School of practical composition : complete treatise on the composition of all kinds of music, both instrumental and vocal together with a treatise on instrumentation
The craft of musical composition. Book 2, Exercises in two-part writing
David Baker's arranging & composing : for the small ensemble: jazz, R&B, jazz-rock
How to... write your first song
The Professional arranger composer. Book 1 / Russell Garcia
Mind models : new forms of musical experience
Classics in sequence : a source book for MIDI sequencing
The professional arranger composer. Book 2
You can write a song
School of practical composition : complete treatise on the composition of all kinds of music : both instrumental and vocal : together with a treatise on instrumentation : in three volumes : opus 600.. Volume 2
Fundamentals of musical composition
Musical creativity : multidisciplinary research in theory and practice
How to write songs on keyboards
Musical composition for pleasure
Modern harmonic technique. Volume 2, The advanced materials of harmony
Creating melodies : a songwriter's guide to understanding, writing and polishing melodies
The complete idiots guide to the art of songwriting
The OM composer's book. Volume two
Songwriting success : how to write songs for fun and (maybe) profit
Essential songwriting : everything you need to compose, perform and sell great songs
The frustrated songwriter's handbook : a radical guide to cutting loose, overcoming blocks, & writing the best songs of your life
Composing a piece : the birthing of "Self-Actualize"
The agony of modern music
Musiikkikasvatus = Finnish journal of music education. 2012. Nro 1 : Vol. 15
The style of Palestrina and the dissonance
The composer's handbook
Evening in the palace of reason : Bach meets Frederick the great in the age of enlightenment
Why and how to teach music composition : a new horizon for music education
Music and imagination
Models for beginners in composition
The composer's handbook. 2
The composer's handbook : a do-it-yourdelf approach combinibn "tricks of the trade" and other techniques with step-by-step guides to projects
Introductory essay on composition : the mechanical rules of melody, sections 3 and 4
And then I wrote : the songwriter speaks
Heart & soul : revealing the craft of songwriting
Techniques of twentieth century composition
Calmus : calculated music 1988-1995
Music factory
The craft of musical composition. Book 1, Theoretical part
How to write songs in altered guitar tunings
The desktop musician
Design in music
The art of song writing
20/20 : 20 new sounds of the 20th century
The songwriter's companion : a quick reference guide to the basic terms and concepts of songcraft
Wstep do kompozycji = Introduction to composition
Treatise on instrumentation
Modern melodic technique : an examination of melody for the contemporary composer and arranger, including a survey of psychological considerations, technical considerations, structural considerations, and the song form
Songwriting success : how to write songs for fun and (maybe) profit : an introduction to the art and business of songwriting by one struggling singer-songwriter for the aid and comfort of other strugglers
Sounds in space, sounds in time : Projects in listening, improvising and composing
English Song : Dowland to Purcell
Jazz arranging and composing : a linear approach
The pop composer's handbook
The complete singer-songwriter : a troubadour's guide to writing, performing, recording, and business
"Song publishing is the one constant in the carousel of recorded music now spanning the past century, and has been the way that song-credits and publishing revenue have caused ructions and recriminations, and inspired writers by making them poor and lawyers rich. Whether it be Procul Harum going to court to decide who really wrote 'Whiter Shade of Pale' or the Moody Blues wanting their fair share of 'Nights of White Satin', when the song-credits get divvied up, a parting of the ways citing 'musical differences' is almost inevitable. So here are some choice examples of poplore held up to the light, some familiar to music fans others not, designed to prove that Dylan knew of what he wrote when he suggested, 'Money doesn't talk, it swears'. Between them, they provide the unvarnished story of popular song from the days jukeboxes and radio replaced wax cylinders and piano rolls to the era of digital downloads, legal and illegal..."--Publisher's description.
Jazz composition and orchestration
THE SCHILLINGER SYSTEM OF MUSICAL COMPOSITION. 1.
Modern harmonic technique. Volume 1, The elements of harmony
The modern harp : the evolution of an idiomatic language in harp writing, notation and repertory from the 16th century to the present
Composition with twelve notes : related only to one another
Making music on the Apple Mac
Composing for the red screen : Prokofiev and Soviet film
School of practical composition : complete treatise on the composition of all kinds of music : both instrumental and vocal : together with a treatise on instrumentation : in three volumes : opus 600.. Volume 3
How to write a hit song
Morton Subotnick's Making music
Text and Beyond. The Process of Music Composition from the 19th to the 20th Century
Music Factory
Learn to compose and notate music at the keyboard : beginning level : piano
Sound synthesis and sampling
Music notation : preparing scores and parts
Songwriting and the creative process : Suggestions and starting points for songwriters
Counterpoint in composition : the study of voice leading
Fujiyama : Combining acoustic and electronic drums
Machine models of music
Composing for the films
György Ligeti in conversation : with Péter Varnai, Josef Häusler, Claude Samuel and himself
It's one for the money : the song snatchers who carved up a century of pop & sparked a musical revolution
The songwriting sourcebook : how to turn chords into great songs
The act of musical composition : studies in the creative process
A searcher's path : a composer's ways
In one corner, a godless young warrior, Voltaire's heralded 'philosopher-king', the It Boy of the Enlightenment. In the other, a devout if bad-tempered old composer of 'outdated' music, a scorned genius in his last years. The sparks from their brief conflict illuminate a turbulent age. – WorldCat.
Modal jazz composition & harmony. Volume 2
On the track : a guide to contemporary film scoring
Elementary accompaniment writing
An extremely precise concept
Composing digital music for dummies
How to write your first song
Multiphonics of the grand piano : timbral composition and performance with flageolets
Melody : how to write great tunes
Conversing with Cage : [John Cage on his world and his work]
Composition in the classroom : a tool for teaching
Interactive music systems : machine listening and composing
Practical lessons in melody-writing : a supplementary textbook for college classes in beginning harmony, counterpoint and composition
From lament to success story : the Society of Finnish Composers at 50.
Man-machine interaction in the study of melodic structures
Advanced techniques for film scoring : a complete text
You can write a song : .. for musicians, composers and arrangers at any level.
A simplified guide to writing & arranging songs for swing & show choirs & small instrumental groups
The absolute essentials of songwriting success : from song dog to top dog : making it in the music business
The OM composer's book. Volume one
Music notation : a manual of modern practice
The bottom line is money : a comprehensive guide to songwriting and the Nashville music industry
The complete Pro Tools shortcuts
Sound toys : The cd-rom
This business of songwriting
Musical creativities in practice
The enjoyment of music : an introduction to perceptive listening
Songcrafting practice : a teacher inquiry into the potential to support collaborative creation and creative agency within school music education
Guerrilla film scoring : practical advice from Hollywood composers
Beginning songwriting : writing your own lyrics, melodies and chords
Machine Models of Music brings together representative models ranging from Mozart's "Musical Dice Game" to a classic article by Marvin Minsky and current research to illustrate the rich impact that artificial intelligence has had on the understanding and composition of traditional music, and to demonstrate the ways in which music can push the boundaries of traditional AI research. Major sections of the book take up pioneering research in generate-and-test composition (Lejaren Hiller, Frederick Brooks, Jr., Stanley Gill); composition parsing (Allen Forte, Herbert Simon, Terry Winograd); heuristic composition (John Rothgeb, James Moorer, Stephen Smoliar); generative grammars (Otto Laske, Gary Rader, Johan Sundberg, Fred Lerdahl); alternative theories (Marvin Minsky, James Meehan); composition tools (Charles Ames, Kemal Ebcioglu, David Cope, Christopher Fry); and new directions (David Levitt, Christopher Longuet-Higgins, Jamshed Bharucha, Stephan Schwanauer).
Jazz Composition and Orchestration
Lies and epiphanies : composers and their inspiration from Wagner to Berg
The russian seven-string guitar
Becoming a computer musician
Audible design : a plain and easy introduction to practical sound composition
Composing for the Cinema : the theory and praxis of music in film
The musical idea and the logic, technique, and art of its presentation
Bytes and backbeats : repurposing music in the digital age
Technique for composers
Steal this music : how intellectual property law affects musical creativity
How to compose music : a simple guide for the amateur to the composition of melodies and to their effective harmonization
The jazz composer : moving music off the paper
Academy Zappa : Proceedings of the First International Conference of Esemplastic Zappology (ICE-Z)
The technique of choral composition. Archibald T. Davison
The craft of musical composition. Book 1 : Theoretical part
Chess : The making of a musical
Composing for the cinema : the theory and praxis of music in film
Composition for computer musicians
The professional arranger composer. Book 1
Composing music with computers
Modern arranging technique : modern arranging and composing
Early Jazz-Rock : the music of Miles Davis, 1967-72
Poetics of music : in the form of six lessons
Form and method : composing music : the Rothschild essays
How to write songs on guitar : a guitar-playing and songwriting course
Theory of harmony
Songwriting : the words, the music and the money
Furthermoore : interludes in an accompanist's life
The songwriter's handbook
The complete idiot's guide to songwriting
McCartney : yesterday ...and today
