http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13391 complex-valued functions
complex-valued functions
Proceedings of the second Finnish-Polish Summer School in Complex Analysis at Jyväskylä
Schaum's outline of theory and problems of complex variables : with an introduction to conformal mapping and its applications
Banach algebras and several complex variables
Quasisymmetric embeddings of products of cells into the Euclidean space
Classical complex analysis : a geometric approach. Vol. 2
Complex analysis for mathematics and engineering
Proceedings of the first Finnish-Polish Summer School in Complex Analysis at Podlesice. Part 1, Preliminary lecture notes
Solutions of difference equations and meromorphic functions of finite logarithmic order
Complex variables : a physical approach with applications and Matlab®
A first course on complex functions
Geometric function theory : explorations in complex analysis
Introduction to complex analysis
The theory of H(b) spaces. Volume 2
On the second fundamental inequality of algebroid functions
Problems in the theory of functions of a complex variable
Complex functions : an algebraic and geometric viewpoint
Topics in complex function theory. 1, Elliptic functions and uniformization theory
Romanian-Finnish seminar on complex analysis : proceedings, Bucharest, Romania, June 27 - July 2, 1976
Handbook of complex variables
Topics in complex function theory. Vol. 3, Abelian functions and modular functions of several variables
Complex analysis : the hitchhiker's guide to the plane
Classical topics in complex function theory
Complex analysis : fundamentals of the classical theory of functions
The theory of functions of a complex variable
"An H(b) space is defined as a collection of analytic functions which are in the image of an operator. The theory of H(b) spaces bridges two classical subjects: complex analysis and operator theory, which makes it both appealing and demanding. The first volume of this comprehensive treatment is devoted to the preliminary subjects required to understand the foundation of H(b) spaces, such as Hardy spaces, Fourier analysis, integral representation theorems, Carleson measures, Toeplitz and Hankel operators, various types of shift operators, and Clark measures. The second volume focuses on the central theory. Both books are accessible to graduate students as well as researchers: each volume contains numerous exercises and hints, and figures are included throughout to illustrate the theory. Together, these two volumes provide everything the reader needs to understand and appreciate this beautiful branch of mathematics"--
Applications of integral estimates to inner functions and differential equations
Applied complex variables for scientists and engineers
Fundamentals of complex analysis : engineering, science, and mathematics
Abelian functions : Abel's and the allied theory of theta functions
Future trends in geometric function theory
Schaum's outline of theory and problems of Laplace transforms
Function theory of one complex variable
Non-smooth curvature and the energy of frames
Engineering Mathematics : a modern foundation for electronics, electrical and control engineers
Bergman spaces
Proceedings of the first Finnish-Polish Summer School in Complex Analysis at Podlesice. Part II, Informal lectures
Complex variables : an introduction
Complex variables : with an introduction to conformal mapping and its applications
Lectures on modular forms
Complex analysis and differential equations : proceedings of the Marcus Wallenberg Symposium in Honor of Matts Essén, held in Uppsala, Sweden, June 15-18, 1997
This book provides a systematic introduction to functions of one complex variable. Its novel feature is the consistent use of special color representations so-called phase portraits which visualize functions as images on their domains.Reading Visual Complex Functions requires no prerequisites except some basic knowledge of real calculus and plane geometry. The text is self-contained and covers all the main topics usually treated in a first course on complex analysis. With separate chapters on various construction principles, conformal mappings and Riemann surfaces it goes somewhat beyond a standard programme and leads the reader to more advanced themes.In a second storyline, running parallel to the course outlined above, one learns how properties of complex functions are reflected in and can be read off from phase portraits. The book contains more than 200 of these pictorial representations which endow individual faces to analytic functions. Phase portraits enhance the intuitive understanding of concepts in complex analysis and are expected to be useful tools for anybody working with special functions even experienced researchers may be inspired by the pictures to new and challenging questions.Visual Complex Functions may also serve as a companion to other texts or as a reference work for advanced readers who wish to know more about phase portraits.
Complex functions : a first course in the theory of functions of a single complex variable
An introduction to classical complex analysis. 1.
Studies of the boundary behaviour of functions related to partial differential equations and several complex variables
Interpolation and sampling in spaces of analytic functions
Geometric complex analytic coordinates for deformation spaces of Koebe groups
A course in complex analysis and Riemann surfaces
The concept of a Riemann surface
Student solutions manual and study guide for Advanced engineering mathematics, ninth edition
Schaum's outline of theory and problems of complex variables : with an introduction to conformal mapping and its application
Topological methods in the theory of functions of a complex variable
A method of analytic continuation
The aim of this book is to provide a comprehensive account of higher dimensional Nevanlinna theory and its relations with Diophantine approximation theory for graduate students and interested researchers. This book with nine chapters systematically describes Nevanlinna theory of meromorphic maps between algebraic varieties or complex spaces, building up from the classical theory of meromorphic functions on the complex plane with full proofs in Chap. 1 to the current state of research. Chapter 2 presents the First Main Theorem for coherent ideal sheaves in a very general form. With the preparation of plurisubharmonic functions, how the theory to be generalized in a higher dimension is described. In Chap. 3 the Second Main Theorem for differentiably non-degenerate meromorphic maps by Griffiths and others is proved as a prototype of higher dimensional Nevanlinna theory. Establishing such a Second Main Theorem for entire curves in general complex algebraic varieties is a wide-open problem. In Chap. 4, the Cartan-Nochka Second Main Theorem in the linear projective case and the Logarithmic Bloch-Ochiai Theorem in the case of general algebraic varieties are proved. Then the theory of entire curves in semi-abelian varieties, including the Second Main Theorem of Noguchi-Winkelmann-Yamanoi, is dealt with in full details in Chap.6. For that purpose Chap.5 is devoted to the notion of semi-abelian varieties. The result leads to a number of applications. With these results, the Kobayashi hyperbolicity problems are discussed in Chap.7. In the last two chapters Diophantine approximation theory is dealt with from the viewpoint of higher dimensional Nevanlinna theory, and the Lang-Vojta conjecture is confirmed in some cases. In Chap.8 the theory over function fields is discussed. Finally, in Chap.9 the theorems of Roth, Schmidt, Faltings, and Vojta over number fields are presented and formulated in view of Nevanlinna theory with results motivated by those in Chaps. 4, 6, 7.
Mathematical methods for physicists
Proceedings of the Workshop on Complex Analysis and its Applications to Differential and Functional Equations : in the honour of Ilpo Laine's 70th birthday
On inequalities between the uniform bounds of the derivatives of a complex-valued function of a real variable
Symposium on Complex Differential and Functional Equations : papers from the Symposium in honor of Ilpo Laine's 60th birthday held in Joensuu, October 14-15, 2002
On some complex function spaces and classes
Algorithmic randomness and complexity
Nevanlinna theory in several complex variables and diophantine approximation
Complex analysis : an introduction to the theory of analytic functions of one complex variable
A first course in complex analysis with applications
Painleve differential equations in the complex plane
Complex analysis
Conformal invariants : topics in geometric function theory
Complex function spaces : proceedings of the Summer School held in Mekrijärvi, August 30 - September 3, 1999
Partial differential equations and complex analysis
From holomorphic functions to complex manifolds
Spectral properties of noncommuting operators
An H(b) space is defined as a collection of analytic functions which are in the image of an operator. The theory of H(b) spaces bridges two classical subjects: complex analysis and operator theory, which makes it both appealing and demanding. The first volume of this comprehensive treatment is devoted to the preliminary subjects required to understand the foundation of H(b) spaces, such as Hardy spaces, Fourier analysis, integral representation theorems, Carleson measures, Toeplitz and Hankel operators, various types of shift operators, and Clark measures.
Fundamentals of complex analysis with applications to engineering and science
Complex proofs of real theorems
Essentials of trigonometry
An introduction to complex analysis and geometry
Differential subordinations : theory and applications
Infinite dimensional holomorphy in the ring of formal power series : partial differential operators
The theory of H(b) spaces
The advanced calculus problem solver
A primer on the Dirichlet space
An introduction to Riemann surfaces
Advanced modern engineering mathematics
Complex function theory
Complex analysis and applications
On the sectorial oscillation theory of f"+ A(z)f=0
Complex variables : introduction and applications
Several complex variables and Banach algebras
Classical complex analysis : a geometric approach. Vol. 1
Visual complex functions : an introduction with phase portraits
