http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13345 zoological museums
zoological museums
Lists of the insect types in the Zoological Museum, University of Helsinki. 10-13
Skansen : buildings and animals : a short guide for visitors
Studies in pest control for cultural property
Animals in Far Eastern art : from the collection of The National Museum in Warsaw : The National Museum in Warsaw, 8.7. - 1.9.1996 / Katarzyna Maleszko ; Joanna Markiewicz
Theatres of nature : dioramas at the Field Museum
Accessions to the Zoological Museum of the Finnish Museum of Natural History, University of Helsinki, in 2013.
"A collection of essays on the historical representation and display of animals. Using examples from the eighteenth century to the present, the essays situate case studies in historical and sociocultural context while addressing the importance of visibility for the arrangement and sustenance of human-animal relations"--Provided by publisher.
Elephants are not picked from trees : animal biographies in Gothenburg Museum of Natural History
The number of accessions in 2013 amounted to 1842 vertebrate specimens, 27,9827 insects and 4,889 samples of other invertebrates. The systematic groups represented are listed below..
The number of accessions amounted to 633 vertebrates, 108,716 insects and 11,241 samples of other invertebrates. The systematic groups represented are listed, and some noteworthy finds are recorded. Scophthalmus rhombus (L.) (Pisces) and Elachista deriventa Kaila & Mukkala (Insecta, Lepidoptera) are reported as new to Finland..
The use of oxygen-free environments in the control of museum insect pests
Accessions to the Zoological Museum of the Finnish Museum of Natural History, University of Helsinki, in 1992.
Nordic environmental specimen banking : -methods in use in ESB : manual for the Nordic countries
Surrounded by science ; learning science in informal environments
A catalogue of the type specimens of protozoans, invertebrates and fish in the Museum of Natural History and Archaeology, NTNU
Integrated pest management for cultural heritage
Accessions to the Zoological Museum of the Finnish Museum of Natural History, University of Helsinki/Helsingfors in 1998.
The elk's head of Huittinen
Safeguarding cultural properties : security for museums, libraries, parks, and zoos
The number of accessions amounted to 895 vertebrates, 49,855 insects, and 9,714 samples of other invertebrates. The systematic groups represented are listed below and some noteworthy records for Finland are reported. Bembidion obtusum Serv. and Polydrusus formosus (Mayer) (Insecta: Coleoptera), Culicoides dewulfi (Goetgh.) (Insecta: Diptera), and Thanatus arcticus Thorell and Palliduphantes insignis (O. P.-Cambr.) (Araneida) are reported as new to Finland..
Animals on display : the creaturely in museums, zoos, and natural history
Guide to the invertebrate galleries
Lists of the insect types in the Zoological Museum, University of Helsinki. 6-9
Social design in museums : the psychology of visitor studies : collected essays. Volume two
Accessions to the Zoological Museum, University of Helsinki/Helsingfors in 2001.
Accessions to the Zoological Museum of the Finnish Museum of Natural History, University of Helsinki in 2009.
Brief history of herpetology in the Museum of Vertebrate Zoology, University of California, Berkeley, with a list of type specimens of amphibians and reptiles
Care and conservation of natural history collections
The number of accessions in 2012 amounted to 960 vertebrate specimens, 13,272 insects, and 3,105 samples of other invertebrates. The systematic groups represented are listed below and noteworthy faunistic records are reported..
Pesticide mitigation in museum collections : science in conservation : proceedings from the MCI workshop series
Guide to veterinary museums of the world
La patologia veterinaria nel Museo "Alessandrini - Ercolani" dell'Università di Bologna = Veterinary pathology in the "Alessandrini-Ercolani" Museum of Bologna University
Accessions to the Zoological Museum of the Finnish Museum of Natural History, University of Helsinki, in 2010.
Festival der Tiere = Festival of the animals : eine Ausstellung für Kinder und Erwachsene = an exhibition for children and adults : Essl Museum, Klosterneuburg, 7.3.2011 - 21.8.2011 / Katalogredaktion = editorial staff Karin Altmann ... [et al.]
Type specimens of Recent mammals in the Museum of Comparative Zoology
New York : open to the public
The Smithsonian Institution African Mammal Project (1961-1972) : an annotated gazetteer of collecting localities and summary of its taxonomic and geographic scope
Accessions to the Zoological Museum, University of Helsinki/Helsingfors in 1990.
Accessions to the Zoological Museum, University of Helsinki/Helsingfors, in 2005.
Proceedings of the 3rd Nordic Symposium on Insect Pest Control in Museum : Stockholm September 24-25 1998 PRE-MAL and ICOM
Inert gases in the control of museum insect pests
Accessions to the Zoological Museum of the Finnish Museum of Natural History, University of Helsinki/Helsingfors in 1994.
The number of ways in which humans interact with animals is almost incalculable. From beloved household pets to the steak on our dinner tables, the fur in our closets to the Babar books on our shelves, taxidermy exhibits to local zoos, humans have complex, deep, and dependent relationships with the animals in our ecosystems. In Displaying Death and Animating Life, Jane C. Desmond puts those human-animal relationships under a multidisciplinary lens, focusing on the less obvious, and revealing the individualities and subjectivities of the real animals in our everyday lives.
Lists of the insect types in the Zoological Museum, University of Helsinki. 1-5
The swimming reindeer / Jill Cook
Accessions to the Zoological Museum of the Finnish Museum of Natural History, University of Helsinki/Helsingfors in 1997.
The number of accessions in 2013 amounted to 1,577 vertebrate specimens, 23,820 insects, and 2,931 samples of other invertebrates. The systematic groups represented are listed below.
Accessions to the Zoological Museum, University of Helsinki/Helsingfors in 2006.
Tahe Abe Bailey Collection in the South African National Gallery / Anna Tietze
Norwegian journal of zoology
Accessions to the Zoological Museum of the Finnish Museum of Natural History, University of Helsinki, in 2012.
Journal of the National Taiwan Museum
Intergrated pest management : practical, safe and cost-effective advice on the prevention and control of pests in museums
Displaying death and animating life : human-animal relations in art, science, and everyday life
Catalogue of Mammalia in the Indian Museum, Calcutta. Part 2, Rodentia, Ungulata, Proboscidea, Hyracoidea, Carnivora, Cetacea, Sirenia, Marsupialia, Monotremata
Natura Jutlandica
Accessions to the Zoological Museum of the Finnish Museum of Natural History, University of Helsinki, in 2014.
Integrated pest management for collections : proceedings of 2001: a pest odyssey
Accessions to the Zoological Museum of the Finnish Museum of Natural History, University of Helsinki in 2008.
Age of the dinosaur
The history of museums. Museums and art galleries
Accessions to the Zoological Museum of the Finnish Museum of Natural History, University of Helsinki/Helsingfors in 2003.
"The book examines how the museum acquired animals for its exhibits from 1906 to 1948, and how living animals bodies became museum exhibits. Using photographs and documents from the Gothenburg Natural History Museum, the book shows that these museums are in possession of valuable material for writing the cultural history of animals, and that the museums of natural history display a nature that is historically, socially and culturally construed."--P. [4] of cover.
Stuffed animals & pickled heads : the culture and evolution of natural history museums
Practitioners in informal science settings--museums, after-school programs, science and technology centers, media enterprises, aquariums, zoos, and botanical gardens--are interested in finding out what learning looks like, how to measure it, and what they can do to ensure that people of all ages, from different backgrounds and cultures, have a positive learning experience. Surrounded by Science: Learning Science in Informal Environments, is designed to make that task easier. Based on the National Research Council study, Learning Science in Informal Environments: People, Places, and Pursuits, this book is a tool that provides case studies, illustrative examples, and probing questions for practitioners. In short, this book makes valuable research accessible to those working in informal science: educators, museum professionals, university faculty, youth leaders, media specialists, publishers, broadcast journalists, and many others.
Combatting pests of cultural property
The feasibility of using modified atmospheres to control insect pests in museums : GCI scientific programm report, March 1993 : Michael, K. Rust, Janice M. Kennedy
Accessions to the Zoological Museum of the Finnish Museum of Natural History, University of Helsinki/Helsingfors in 1996.
ENHSIN, the European Natural History Specimen Information Network : a project supported by the European Union Programme: Improving the human potential and the socio-economic knowledge base
Accessions to the Zoological Museum, University of Helsinki/Helsingfors in 1989.
Controlling vertebrate pests in museums
Accessions to the Zoological Museum of the Finnish Museum of Natural History, University of Helsinki/ Helsingfors in 1993.
The number of accessions in 2010 amounted to 652 vertebrate specimens, some 36,600 insects, and 11,231 samples of other invertebrates. The systematic groups represented are listed below and some noteworthy records for Finland are reported..
Accessions to the Zoological Museum of the Finnish Museum of Natural History, University of Helsinki/Helsingfors in 1995.
The role of museums in a Nordic Environmental Specimen Bank
Accessions to the Zoological Museum of the Finnish Museum of Natural History, University of Helsinki/Helsingfors in 1999.
Accessions to the Zoological Museum of the Finnish Museum of Natural History, University of Helsinki/Helsingfors in 2000.
Accessions to the Zoological Museum of the Finnish Museum of Natural History, University of Helsinki/Helsingfors in 2002.
Accessions to the Zoological Museum of the Finnish Museum of Natural History, University of Helsinki/Helsingfors in 2001.
Guide to the lizards, crocodiles, turtles and tortoises exhibited in the reptile gallery
Guide to the mammal gallery
Kollekciâ predmetov zoomorfnyh motivov v sobranii Nacional'nogo muzeâ Respubliki Komi : al'bom-katalog = Collection of items of zoomorphic motifs at the Komi Republican National Museum : cataloque-album = Komi respublikasa Nacional'nöj muzejyn pemös pertasa vöčömtor"âslön kollekciâ : al'bom-katalog
The taxidermist's daughter
Windows on nature : the great habitat dioramas of the American Museum of Natural History
Claude in the city
Making and using working drawings for realistic model animals
Natural History Museum : a guidebook
