http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13480 econometrics
econometrics
Spatial interaction and local government expenditures for functionally impaired in Sweden
Essays in econometrics : collected papers of Clive W. J. Granger. Vol. 2, Causality, integration and cointegration, and long memory
Tests for serial correlation and overdispersion in a count data regression model
Mostly harmless econometrics : an empiricist's companion
Probability, econometrics and truth : the methodology of econometrics
A course in econometrics
Solutions manual for econometrics
The methodology of econometrics. Volume 2
Solutions to four problems recently posed in Econometric Theory
Econometric analysis
Econophysics of income and wealth distributions
Analysis and control of dynamic economic systems
Basic mathematics for economists
Essentials of econometrics
The econometric modelling of financial time series
"This monograph aims to collect recent theoretical insights and various empirical results for a rapidly developing area concerning the analysis of business and economic forecasts. Strictly following econometric textbooks one would be tempted to assume that forecasts are the outcome of a careful modeling exercise and that the econometric model builder delivers the forecast to an end user"--
Economics and history : surveys in cliometrics
30th anniversary edition
Panel data econometrics : theoretical contributions and empirical applications
Nordic stock market integration
Trade, theory and econometrics : essays in honor of John S. Chipman
Statistical analysis of financial data in S-PLUS
Analysis of microdata
This textbook introduces essential topics and techniques in production and efficiency analysis and shows how to apply these methods using the statistical software R. Numerous small simulations lead to a deeper understanding of random processes assumed in the models and of the behavior of estimation techniques. Step-by-step programming provides an understanding of advanced approaches such as stochastic frontier analysis and stochastic data envelopment analysis. The text is intended for master students interested in empirical production and efficiency analysis. Readers are assumed to have a general background in production economics and econometrics, typically taught in introductory microeconomics and econometrics courses.
Cliometrics and technology
Semiparametric and nonparametric econometrics
Developing econometrics
Intra-industry trade
An econometric model of the United Kingdom
An introduction to econometrics
Aggregation in economic analysis : an introductory survey
Weak and semi-strong forms of informational efficiency in the EU ETS markets
Bootstrap tests for regression models
Operations research and quantitative economics : an elementary introduction
Data mining reconsidered : encompassing and general-to-specific approach to spesific search
The econometric analysis of non-uniqueness in rational expectations models
Messy data - missing observations, outliers and mixed-frequency data
In view of improving multi-country forest sector models, this study investigated to what extent the price and income elasticity of demand for forest products had changed in the past two decades, and how much they depended on the countries income level. For each of seven major product groups annual observations were divided between high-income (top 20% in gross domestic product per capita) and low-income, and between recent (2004-2013) and older (1992-2003) observations. The results indicated that for sawnwood and particleboard the data could be pooled across all countries and years. For the other commodity groups (veneer & plywood, fiberboard, newsprint, printing & writing paper, other paper & paperboard), there were statistically significant differences in gross domestic product or price elasticity between high and low-income levels or old and recent observations. Efficient elasticities were obtained by pooling the maximum number of observations while respecting the statistically significant differences. The resulting GDP elasticities were the same, or very close, across income levels for all products. The price elasticities differed by income level only for newsprint and for veneer and plywood. International forest sector projections to 2065 obtained with these elasticities compared with those based on pooling all data across time and income levels gave less than 3% difference for world consumption of sawnwood, particleboard, fiberboard, and newsprint, but 19% higher consumption for veneer and plywood, 31% for printing and writing paper, and 18% for other paper and paperboard. The world price was 1% to 11% higher for end products and 3% to 22% higher for raw materials and intermediate products..
Maximum likelihood estimation of misspecified models : twenty years later
Contributions to mathematics, statistics, econometrics, and finance : essays in honour of professor Seppo Pynnönen
Fixed income modelling
The relevant market for production and wholesale of electricity in the Nordic countries : an econometric study
Applying maximum entropy to econometric problems
Contributions to econometric theory and application : essays in honour of A.L. Nagar
Introductory econometrics with applications
Recent advances in optimization
Disequilibrium macroeconomic models : theory and estimation of rationing models using business survey data
Stochastic calculus and differential equations for physics and finance
Econometrics and the philosophy of economics : theory-data confrontations in economics
Macroeconomic modelling in a changing world : towards a common approach
On risk prediction
Production and international trade
The limits of econometrics
Empirical modeling in economics : specification and evaluation
Advanced econometric methods
Long-run equilibrium relationships in international economics
Early developments in mathematical economics
Econometric studies of public support to entrepreneurship
Econometrics : an introduction to maximum likelihood methods
Modeling data irregularities and structural complexities in data envelopment analysis
"To what extent should anybody who has to make model forecasts generated from detailed data analysis adjust their forecasts based on their own intuition? In this book, Philip Hans Franses, one of Europe's leading econometricians, presents the notion that many publicly available forecasts have experienced an 'expert's touch', and questions whether this type of intervention is useful and if a lighter adjustment would be more beneficial. Covering an extensive research area, this accessible book brings together current theoretical insights and new empirical results to examine expert adjustment from an econometric perspective. The author's analysis is based on a range of real forecasts and the datasets upon which the forecasters relied. The various motivations behind experts' modifications are considered, and guidelines for creating more useful and reliable adjusted forecasts are suggested. This book will appeal to academics and practitioners with an interest in forecasting methodology"--
Basic issues in econometrics
The New Palgrave : econometrics
The econometrics of panel data. Volume 2
Using data for Principles of Econometrics, fourth edition
Theory of technical change and economic invariance : application of lie roups
Search in the labour markets : empirical evidence of the role of technology and sanctions
Asymmetric transmission of price information between the meat market of Finland and other EU countries : testing for signal on oligopolistic behaviour
Advances in spatial econometrics : methodology, tools and applications
Monte Carlo methods : their role for econometrics
Dynamic econometric modeling : proceedings of the third international symposium in economic theory and econometrics
Bayesian non- and semi-parametric methods and applications
Instructor's manual to accompany 'Applied econometrics'
Easy economics : a visual guide to what you need to know
How economists model the world into number
Selected readings in econometrics : from Econometrica
Misspecification tests in econometrics : the Lagrange multiplier principle and other approaches
New approaches to modeling, specification selection and economic inference : proceedings of the first international symposium in econo mic theory and econometrics
Spatial econometrics and spatial statistics
Complexity, endogenous money and macroeconomic theory : essays in honour of Basil J. Moore
Asset allocation, multivariate position based trading, and the stylized facts
The methodology of econometrics. Volume 1
Short-run timber supply under uncertainty and welfare gains from perfect competition
Prediction methods in multiplicative models
Econometrics methods for labour economics
Micro-econometrics for policy, program, and treatment effects
Introduction to the theory and practice of econometrics
Econometrics : alchemy or science? : essays in econometric methodology
Econometrics : theory and applications
Nonlinear econometric modeling in time series : proceedings of the eleventh International Symposium in Economic Theory
Applied econometrics
Consumer econometrics and Engel functions
Simplicity, inference and modeling : keeping it sophisticatedly simple
The relationship between regional value added and public capital in Finland : what do the new panel econometric techniques tell us?
On the border of economic theory and history
Economic Statistics and Econometrics
The practice of econometric theory
Problems and methods of econometrics : the Poincaré lectures of Ragnar Frisch 1933
Introductory econometrics
Applied econometrics for health economists : a practical guide
Statistical foundations of econometric modelling
With reference to India.
Estimation in a duration model for evaluating educational programs
This paper applies new panel estimation techniques to the estimation of the elasticity of private production with respect to public capital in a regional setup. We use the widely applied production function approach and regional data from Finland in the period of 1975-2004. In contrast to many previous studies about the productivity of public capital, we focus especially on panel estimation techniques. We show that the results from commonly applied fixed effects OLS are probably biased and sensitive to change of an estimator. To get more reliable results, we use the panel DOLS and panel DSUR estimators.
Advances in economics and econometrics : theory and applications : Eighth World Congress. Vol. 3
Econometric theory and practice : frontiers of analysis and applied research
Topics in dynamic model analysis : advanced matrix methods and unit-root econometrics representation theorems
Testing for normality in censored regressions
Measurement in economics : studies in mathematical economics and econometrics in memory of Yehuda Grunfeld
Modelling the growth of corporations : applications for managerial techniques and portfolio analysis
Readings in unobserved components models
Commerce, complexity, and evolution : topics in economics, finance, marketing, and management : proceedings of the Twelfth International Symposium in Economic Theory and Econometrics
Convex structures and economic theory
Global stock markets and portfolio management
A companion to theoretical econometrics
The restricted profit function and the application of the generalised Leontief and the translog functional forms
New directions in macromodelling
Statistics and econometrics
Spatial econometrics : statistical foundations and applications to regional convergence
Income and time dependence of forest product demand elasticities and implications for forecasting
Macroeconomics and the real world. Vol. 2, Keynesian economics, unemployment, and policy
Introduction to econometrics : principles and applications
Essays in public and labour economics : estimating causal effects using regional variation
Advances in economics and econometrics : theory and applications : Eighth World Congress. Vol. 2
Von Neumann-Morgenstern stabel set bridges time-preferences to the Nash solution
Topics in structural VAR econometrics
A textbook of econometrics
Production and efficiency analysis with R
The practice of econometrics : with EViews
Von Neumann-Morgenstern stable sets and the non-cooperative solution to the bargaining problem
Studies in econometric method
Essays in econometrics : collected papers of Clive W.J. Granger. Vol. 1, Spectral analysis, seasonality, nonlinearity, methodology, and forecasting
Nonlinear methods in econometrics
The forecast performance of model-free implied volatility : evidence from DAX index options
Essays on purchasing power parity puzzle
New directions in econometric practice : general to specific modelling, cointegration and vector autoregression
Speculation and the real balance effect : the neutrality of stabilization policy reconsidered
The Scandinavian inflation model in Finland
This paper applies new panel estimation techniques to the estimation of the elasticity of private production with respect to public capital in a regional setup. We use the widely applied production function approach and regional data from Finland in the period of 1975-2004. In contrast to many previous studies about the productivity of public capital, we focus especially on panel estimation techniques. We show that the results from commonly applied fixed effects OLS are probably biased and sensitive to change of an estimator. To get more reliable results, we use the panel DOLS and panel DSUR estimators. According to results, public capital seems to have had a positive impact on private production.
The relationship between regional value added and public capital in Finland : what do the new panel econometric trends tell us?
Abstract.
An introduction to mathematical analysis for economic theory and econometrics
Topics in advanced econometrics. Vol. 2, Linear and nonlinear simultaneous equations
Model evaluation using stochastic simulations : the case of the econometric model KOSMOS
Econometric analysis of count data
Nonlinearity, Complexity and Randomness in Economics : Towards Algorithmic Foundations for Economics
The practice of econometrics : classic and contemporary. Instructor's resource guide
Specification analysis in the linear model : in honour of Donald Cochrane
Expert adjustments of model forecasts : theory, practice and strategies for improvement
Econometric case studies : overview and evidence from recent Finnish studies
Theory of econometrics : an introductory exposition of econometric methods
Handbook of economic forecasting. Vol 1
Introduction to econometrics
An econometric model of the United States 1929-1952
Non-standard spatial statistics and spatial econometrics
Bayesian computational methods and applications
Econometrics for dummies
Macroeconomics and the real world. Vol. 1, Econometric techniques and macroeconomics
Introductor's manual to accompany basic econometrics
Estimating cost functions for the four large carnivores in Sweden
Lectures on advanced econometric theory
Student's solutions manual and supplementary materials for Econometric analysis of cross section and panel data, second edition
Time series and panel data econometrics
Applied discrete - choice modelling
Effects of bank supervision and regulation on bank risk
Economic complexity : chaos, sunspots, bubbles, and nonlinearity : proceedings of the Fourth International Symposium in Economic Theory and Econometrics
Identification for prediction and decision
Modern econometrics : an introduction
Econometric analysis for public policy
Econometric theory and applications
Selected readings in economic theory from Econometrica
The formation of econometrics : a historical perspective
