http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13454 hippie movement
hippie movement
Hippie crafts : creating a hip new look using groovy '60s crafts
Rhino's psychedelic trip
"The West has drawn upon Hinduism on a wide scale, from hatha yoga and meditation techniques, to popular culture in music and fashion, yet the contribution of Hinduism to the counter-culture of the 1960s has not been analysed in full.Hinduism and the 1960s looks at the youth culture of the 1960s and early 1970s, and the way in which it was influenced by Hinduism and Indian culture. It examines the origins of the 1960s counter-culture in the Beat movement of the 1950s, and their interest in Eastern religion, notably Zen. When the Beatles visited India to study transcendental meditation, there was a rapid expansion in interest in Hinduism. Young people were already heading east on the so-called 'Hippie Trail', looking for spiritual enlightenment and an escape from the material lifestyle of the West. Paul Oliver examines the lifestyle which they adopted, from living in ashrams to experimenting with drugs, sexual liberation, ayurvedic medicine and yoga. This engaging book analyses the interaction between Hinduism and the West, and the way in which each affected the other. It demonstrates the ways in which contemporary Western society has learned from the ancient religion of Hinduism, and incorporated such teachings as yoga, meditation and a natural holistic lifestyle, into daily life. Each chapter contains a summary and further reading guidance, and a glossary is included at the end of the book, making this ideal reading for courses on Hinduism, Indian religions, and religion and popular culture"--
Once we had a country
Canyon of dreams : The magic and the music of Laurel Canyon
"In Bliss ... Steve Schapiro, famous for his photographs of the 60s--including Haight-Ashbury and the hippies of that era--documents the hippies of today and their lives in and out of transformational festivals. With a specific focus on a subculture of the current hippie counterculture known as "Bliss Ninnies," these individuals are focused on meditation and dancing as a way to reach ecstatic states of joy. The book features images from festivals across the country and provides an overview of a new contemporary hippie life within America. The 60s are still here. You just have to find where."
Haight-Ashbury in the sixties
Tales of a hippy kid : road trippin' and skinny dippin'
What really happened to the 1960s : how mass media culture failed American democracy
Bliss : transformational festivals & the neo hippie
The hippie dictionary : a cultural encyclopedia (and phraseicon) of the 1960's and 1970's
Hinduism and the 1960s : the rise of a counter-culture
Hippie hippie shake : the dreams, the trips, the trials, the love-ins, the screw ups.. the sixties
New age travellers : vanloads of uproarious humanity
The Haight-Ashbury : a history
Senseless acts of beauty : cultures of resistance since the sixties
Dig : sound and music in hip culture
Global nomads : techno and New Age as transnational countercultures in Ibiza and Goa
Woodstock : three days that rocked the world
John & Yoko's year of peace
The making of a counter culture : reflections on the technocratic society and its youthful opposition
Summer of love : psychedelic art, social crisis and counterculture in the 1960s
Hippie chic
Open air Burg Herzberg. [2], Welcome to freakcity : best of Herzberg "Wir sind Kinder der Revolte" part II
Across the universe : 2-disc deluxe edition
The conquest of cool : business culture, counterculture and the rise of hip consumerism
Open air Burg Herzberg. [1], Wir sind Kinder der Revolte : best of vol. I.
200 trips from the counterculture : graphics and stories from the Underground Press Syndicate
Turn off your mind : the mystic sixties and the dark side of the age of Aquarius
Peace, love and misunderstanding
AsEverWas : Memoirs of a beat survivor
It was twenty years ago today
Jubilee hitchhiker : the life and times of Richard Brautigan
The electric kool-aid acid test
Turn on, tune in, drop out
The hippies and American values
Magic bus : on the hippie trail from Istanbul to India
Hippies of the religious right
The hippie dictionary : a cultural encyclopedia (and phraseicon) of the 1960s and 1970s
[Arun Saldanha : Psychedelic white]
Electrical Banana : masters of psychedelic art
The fabulous Furry Freak Brothers omnibus
Electric Tibet : the rise and fall of San Francisco rock scene
San Francisco : The Very Best Of Scott McKenzie
The hippie trip
The voice of Scott McKenzie
Key moments in fashion : from haute couture to streetwear; key collections, major figures and crucial moments that changed  the course of fashion history from 1890 to the 1990s
Republic of rock : music and citizenship in the sixties counterculture
