http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13407 potato
potato
Disease management of fruits and vegetables. 1 : Fruit and vegetable diseases
Assessing the land cover and land use change and its impact on watershed services in a tropical Andean watershed of Peru
Fungal diseases of the potato : report of the planning conference on fungal diseases of the potato, held at CIP, Lima, September 21-25, 1987.
Genetic improvement of vegetable crops
Virallisten lajikekokeiden tulokset 1996-2003 = Results of official variety trials 1996-2003
Efficiency of split nitrogen fertilization with adjusted irrigation on potato
Discovering potatoes : a directory of the world's best varieties and how to prepare and cook them, with over 40 sumptuous recipes
Electrofusion of protoplasts of anther-derived dihaploid lines of commercial potato cultivars
Cuticular and suberin polymers of edible plants : analysis by gas chromatographic-mass spectrometric and solid state spectroscopic methods
Potato biology and biotechnology : advances and perspectives
The potato in the human diet
A bacterial artificial chromosome (BAC) library for potato and identification of clones related to the potato Y potyvirus resistance gene Ry adg
EU annual report on human rights 2008
Food science and product technology
A chronicle of the modern struggle for gay, lesbian and transgender rights draws on interviews with politicians, military figures, legal activists and members of the LGBT community to document the cause's struggles since the 1950s.
Coat protein gene-mediated resistance to Potato virus A in transgenic plants is suppressed following infection with another potyvirus
Distinguishing bacterial pathogens of potato using a genome-wide microarray approach
Legal capacity of persons with intellectual disabilities and persons with mental health problems
Spying on democracy : government surveillance, corporate power and public resistance
1st Balkan Symposium on Vegetables and Potatoes : Belgrade, Yugoslavia, 4-7 July, 1996 : vol. 1 & 2
Potatoes : [a different way to cook for each meal]
Shadows of Empire : The Indian Nobility of Cusco, 1750–1825
Yield formation and quality characteristics of early potatoes during a short growing period
Breaking new ground : agricultural anthropology
Markets, myths, and middlemen : a study of potato marketing in central Peru
Demographic Collapse : Indian Peru, 1520–1620
This book examines the characteristics of political power in the cities of the colonial Spanish Empire between the 1740s and 1780s, based on a detailed study of the mining city of Oruro in Alto Peru (present-day Bolivia). Special emphasis is given to the specific forms of the exercise of power, assessing in particular the workings of the judicial system and the material opportunities that were open to different bureaucratic officials. Towards the end of this period, the analysis focuses on the Indian uprisings of the 1780s (the rebellions of Tupac Amaru) and the reasons which led to the alliances or confrontations between the actors of the distinct bands, either white or Indian.
Early colonial trade and navigation between Mexico and Peru
The application of the SMETA audit protocol on the management of the CSR of Peruvian companies : a case study of standardization via SMETA in manufacturing companies
Nitrogen fertilization and yield formation of potato during a short growing period
EAPR Agronomy section meeting 1992 : 12-15 July, 1992 , Petäys holiday and training centre, Tyrväntö, Finland
EARP Agronomy Section meeting 1992, 12-15 July, 1992, Petäys Holiday and Training Centre, Tyrväntö, Finland : summaries of papers
Molecular methods for potato improvement : report of the planning conference on "Application of molecular techniques to potato germplasm enchancement", held at the International Potato Center (CIP), March 5-9, 1990.
A strong basis for inclusion and equality : Finland's disability policy programme Vampo 2010-2015
Solid waste management and development : a case study in Lima, Peru
Art and Vision in the Inca Empire : Andeans and Europeans at Cajamarca
The potato book
Data protection by design and default :  a study on new European operational data protection principles under the article 25 of the new European general data protection regulation and on their application in practice from the perspective of the private data controllers and processors
Constitutional theory
What's cooking potatoes
Heavy metal traces in potatoes and cabbages fertilized with human urine and composted faeces
Language, Authority, and Indigenous History in the Comentarios reales de los Incas
Land-use in the Andes : ecology and agriculture in the Mantaro Valley of Peru with special reference to potatoes
Fundamental rights of migrants in an irregular situation in the European Union
Plant proteins from European crops : food and non-food applications : with 91 figures
Dwarf (di)haploid Pito mutants obtained from a tetraploid potato cultivar (Solanum tuberosum subsp. tuberosum) via anther culture are defective in gibberellin biosynthesis
Effects of haulm killing and gibberellic acid on seed potato (Solanum tuberosum L.) and techniques for micro- and minituber production in northern latitudes
On the wings of time : Rome, the Incas, Spain, and Peru
Novel approaches to the control of potato scab
Protecting migrant workers' human rights : a trade union view
Virallisten lajikokeiden tulokset 1994 - 2001 = Results of officialvariety trials 1994 - 2001
Article 27 of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and Internet : a study evaluating role of prosumers, authors and corporations in the information society
Religion in the Andes : vision and imagination in early colonial Peru
Underground crops : long-term trends in production of roots and tubers : with a note on the quality and interpretation of African data by Paul Dorosh
Human disturbance on Polylepis mountain forests in Peruvian Andes
Potato production and utilization in Kenya
Annotated bibliography of nematode pests of potato
Expression, localization and effects on virulence of the cysteine-rich 8 kDa protein of Potato mop-top virus
The effect of storage ageing and spring sprouting of seed tubers on the yield of three potato varieties in the Finnish Lapland : Research Note
Results of the official variety trials 2009-2016.
The molecular and cellular biology of the potato
The production of new potato varieties: technological advances
Autonomous cell death, temperature sensitivity and the genetic control associated with resistance to cucumber mosaic virus (CMV) in diploid potatoes (Solanum spp.)
Functional genomics on Potato virus A : virus genome-wide map of sites essential for virus propagation
Potato : the definitive guide to potatoes and potato cooking
Priming capacities of endophytic Methylobacterium sp. on potato (Solanum tuberosum L.)
Potato mechanisation and storage
Learning to read with Graphogame, an ethnography in a Peruvian rural school
The potato and its wild relatives : section Tuberarium of the genus Solanum
Crop protection handbook : potatoes
Scientist and farmer : partners in research for the 21st century
Micropropagation of potatoes : comparisons of different methods
Workshop on recent and future developments of the potato in the world, Wageningen, Netherlands, 7-8 April 1987
Organization of genes controlling disease resistance in the potato genome
PENTUR – Plan Estratégico Nacional de Turismo - The role of Strategic Tourism Plan in Peru
Growing vegetables for home and market
Native Society and Disease in Colonial Ecuador
Characterization of freezing tolerance in Solanum commersonii (Dun.) with special reference to the relationship between freezing and oxidative stress
An American journey : the "activist" lives of Gust Alonen and Carl Paivio
Seed potato systems in the Philippines : a case study
True potato seed : past and present uses
Discover Peru : [experience the best of Peru]
Ecology and genomics of Dickeya solani, a new soft rot bacterium infecting potatoes
Resistance responses blocking systemic movement  of Potato virus A in potato
Peru is a Spanish-speaking country that is known for its large population of ethnic Japanese, or Nikkei Peruvians. Japan has also many Peruvians. The author conducted a survey in the two famous Nikkei schools in Lima in order to shed light on how Japanese linguistic culture is transmitted in school education. These case studies confi rmed that the schools were trying to transmit the Japanese ethos by such means as teaching the way Japanese people greet one another. The author also revealed that even in Peru's key Nikkei schools, English teaching is prioritized over Japanese teaching. Moreover, it was revealed that non-Nikkei Peruvians play the important role in transmitting the Japanese language and culture in Peru..
The police in DRC are indeed a permanent domestic risk. The lack of policy, service or management regime for the acquisition of equipment explains the deficient, dilapidated, obsolete and very often inappropriate equipment. Moreover, police units have very weak operational capacity and police officers lack self-confidence and pride in their profession. These shabbily dressed men and women in faded uniforms daily develop an indifferent attitude towards their profession and work in general. Inefficient and ineffective, the Congolese policeforce is wholly demoralised and unprofessional. This has negatively affected the relationship between police and population. It has led to the withdrawal of people's cooperation, a must for successful police work and for meeting people's expectations.
WHO multi-country study on women's health and domestic violence against women : summary report of initial results on prevalence, health outcomes and women's responses
Drying characteristics and kinetics of fluidized bed dried potato
Potato production and consumption in developing countries
Meeting the challenge : The International Potato Center's strategy for the 1990s and beyond
The right to political participation for persons with disabilities : human rights indicators
Genetic improvement of solanaceous crops. Vol. 1, Potato
Abstract: Seven conceptions of liberty.
Viral genome-linked protein (VPg) controls accumulation and phloem-loading of a potyvirus in inoculated potato leaves
The influence of storage temperature on composition and processability of potato cultivars
Exploitation of cultivar resistance in potato late blight disease management and some aspects of variation in Phytophthora infestans = Utnyttelse av potetsortenes resistens i tørråtebekjempelsen og noen aspekter ved variasjon i Phytophthora infestans
Introduction to potato production
Decision support systems in potato production : bringing models to practice
Major potato diseases, insects, and nematodes
Rhizoctonia solani as a potato pathogen : variation of isolates in Finland and host response
Proceedings of the IVth Balkan Symposium on Vegetables and Potatoes : Plovdiv, Bulgaria, September 9-12, 2008.. vol. 2
The gay revolution : the story of the struggle
Possible effects of climate change on potato crops in Estonia
Microarray profiling of host-extract-induced genes and charactarization of the type VI secretion cluster in the potato pathogen Pectobacterium atrosepticum
Virus and virus-like diseases of potatoes and production of seed-potatoes
Preparation and characterization of potato starch films plasticized with polyols
Spanish Peru, 1532-1560 : a social history
Examples of alien pathogens in Finnish potato production - their introduction, establishment and consequences
Potato research
Building a police force "for the good" in DR Congo : questions that still haunt reformers and reform beneficiaries
Potato : a global history
The Indian nobility of the Andes - largely descended from the Inca monarchs and other pre-conquest lords - occupied a crucial economic and political position in late colonial Andean society, a position widely accepted as legitimate until the Túpac Amaru rebellion. Shadows of Empire traces the history of this late colonial elite and examines the pre-conquest and colonial foundations of their privilege and authority. It brings to light the organization and the ideology of the Indian nobility in the bishopric of Cusco in the decades before the rebellion, and uses this nobility as a lens through which to study the internal organization and tension of late colonial Indian communities. The work analyzes the significance of the collapse of the Indian nobility, both repudiated by the Indian commons and the crown in the last years of Spanish rule, following the rebellion to the emergence of the creole-dominated republican order after 1825.
This volume represents the first in a series of publications detailing the archaeological research conducted by Craig Morris and his colleagues at Hu©Łnuco Pampa, an Inka provincial administrative center located in highland Peru. The site offers a unique opportunity to study Inka urbanism, and the present publication discusses the form and function of Inka cities, as well as the extent to which the Andean urban form could be coopted by the Spanish empire after the conquest of the Inkas. Open spaces and special state compounds were key components of Inka administrative centers, and attention is given to the archaeological remains found in and around the central plaza at Hu©Łnuco Pampa. Buildings on the plaza were probably used by local provincial groups for festive and ceremonial activities presided over by Inka officials. While the central plaza provided space for a broad provincial constituency, a series of smaller open spaces in the Zone IIB administrative palace offered more exclusive areas for encounters between provincial and Inka elites. After discussing Inka palace compounds, the archaeological focus turns to excavations inside structures and in exterior spaces in the palace, revealing patterns of access and degrees of status in the transit from accessible administrative spaces to restricted residential ones. An appendix to the volume provides a detailed description of the analysis of ceramic artifacts from excavations at Hu©Łnuco Pampa.
The potato
EU LGBT survey : European Union lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender survey : main results
Power and Violence in the Colonial City : Oruro from the Mining Renaissance to the Rebellion of Tupac Amaru (1740–1782)
Potyviral helper-component proteinase expressed in transgenic plants enhances titers of Potato leaf roll virus but does not alleviate its phloem limitation
Differentiation of Erwinia carotovora subsp. atroseptica and carotovora by RAPD-PCR
Advances in potato chemistry and technology
Potato terms : trilingual dictionary of the potato
Cellulase as a major pathogenicity factor in potato ring rot bacterium (Clavibacter michiganensis subsp. sepedonicus)
Entrepreneurial networking of small businesses in Latin-America : the case of Villa el Salvador in Peru
Offers a comprehensive examination of international potato production. This book discusses how potatoes are managed post harvest, the underlying science behind practices and the influences that can affect final quality. It also describes potato physiology, harvesting techniques and loading procedures as well as optimum storage conditions.
History and consequences of migrations, changes in epidemiology and population structure of potato late blight, Phytophthora infestans, in Finland from 1845 to 2011
Fundamental rights : key legal and policy developments in 2013
Konservoituneiden vgrG -geenien vaikutus Pectobacterium atrosepticum -bakteerin virulenssiin perunalla = The affect of conserved vgrG genes to the virulence of Pectobacterium atrosepticum on potato
Report of a Working Group on Potato : First Meeting 23-25 March 2000, Wageningen, the Netherlands : ECP/GR (European Cooperative Programme for Crop Genetic Resources Networks)
Storage of potatoes : post-harvest behaviour, store design, storage practice, handling
Symposium on the agrometeorology of the potato, Wageningen, Netherlands, 9-11 April 1987
"Personal information contained in your emails, phone calls, GPS movements and social media is a hot commodity, and corporations are cashing in by mining and selling the data they collect about our private lives. "Spying on Democracy" reveals how the government acquires and uses such information to target those individuals and/or groups it deems threatening"--
Bourbons and brandy : imperial reform in eighteenth-century Arequipa
The Comentarios reales de los incas, a classic of Spanish Renaissance prose narrative, was written by Garcilaso Inca de la Vega, the son of an Inca princess and a Spanish conquistador. It is full of ideological tensions and apparent contradictions as Garcilaso attempts to reconcile a pagan new-world culture with the fervent Christian evangelism of the period of the discovery and conquest of America. This study of the Comentarios is original both in adopting the perspective of discourse analysis and in its interdisciplinary approach. Margarita Zamora examines the rhetorical complexities of the Comentarios, and shows how, in order to present Inca civilization to Europeans, Garcilaso turned to disciplines other than traditional historiography, and in particular to the linguistic strategies of humanist philology and hermeneutics. Professor Zamora reveals how Garcilaso's views of the Incas were shaped by the dual nature of his background, by his commitment to humanism and Christianity, by the expectations he had of his readers, and by the discursive practices of his time.
CRC handbook of pest management in agriculture. Vol. 3
Molecular studies of potato mop-top virus (PMTV) in transgenic N. benthamiana and S. tuberosum
Whole sales market for fresh potato in Finland
Verticillium wilt of potato in relation to symptoms, epidemiology and variability of the pathogen
World Potato Congress : proceedings of the fourth World Potato Congress, Amsterdam, The Netherlands, 4-6 September 2000.
Selenium and its effects on growth, yield and tuber quality in potato
Antigenic analysis and development of sensitive immunoassay for potato viruses
A central theme throughout the history of the United States has been the preservation and expansion of individual civil liberties. Beginning with the Bill of Rights in 1791 and continuing with the addition of further Amendments to the United States Constitution, the federal government, and later state governments, have enacted legislation and issued judicial rulings that strengthened and expanded America's tradition of preserving individual liberties. There have been, however, times during America's history where the nation and its people have succumbed to events, both actual and perceived, to break with the cherished practice of protecting the civil liberties of its people. One such episode, the Red Scare, occurred at the end of the First World War with two of Finland's native sons, Gust Alonen and Carl Paivio, engulfed in these tumultuous events. Their lives became a part of the very fabric of America's history in the first half of the twentieth century..
A human rights approach to conflict prevention, management and resolution in the Africa's Great Lakes region : a focus on the DRC conflict
Explaining civil society core activism : testing Western theories in post-Soviet Latvia
Seed potato systems in Ecuador : a case study
Control of virus and virus-like diseases of potato and sweet potato : report of the 3rd Planning conference, held at the International Potato Center, November 20-22, 1989.
Report on the application of the EU Charter of Fundamental Rights
Andean kinship and marriage
Nitrogen fertilizer rates, N balances, and related risk of N leaching in Finnish agriculture
The potato : evolution, biodiversity and genetic resources
Proceedings of the Third Balkan Symposium on Vegetables and Potatoes : TBursa, Turkey September 6-10, 2004
Executive summary.
A comparison of the nutritional composition of new potatoes when eaten as fresh or canned
Effects of haulm killing and gibberellic acid on seed potato (<em>Solanum tuberosum L.</em>) and techniques for micro- and minituber production in northern latitudes
Freezing and low temperature photoinhibition tolerance in cultivated potato and potato hybrids
Paying the price of freedom : family and labor among Lima's slaves, 1800-1854
Handbook of potato production, improvement, and postharvest management
Proceedings of the IVth Balkan Symposium on Vegetables and Potatoes : Plovdiv, Bulgaria, September 9-12, 2008.. vol. 1
Analysing spatial accessibility patterns with travel time and distance measures : novel approaches for rural and urban contexts
Virallisten lajikekokeiden tulokset 2008-2015 = Results of the official variety trials 2008-2015
Inventory of Andean potato cultivars with resistance to some pests and diseases and other desirable traits
Responses of potato cultivars to the common scab pathogens, Streptomyces scabies and S. turgidiscabies
WHO multi-country study on women's health and domestic violence against women : initial results on prevalence, health outcomes and women's responses
Fresh ways with vegetarian dishes
Section tuberarium of the genus solanum of North America and Central America
March. Book 1
Proceedings of the Meeting of the Physiology Section of the European Association for Potato Research : Viterbo, Italy, June 14-16, 2004
Women of the Andes : patriarchy and social change in two Peruvian towns
Late blight and the Irish potato famine : Darin M. Eastburn and Cleora J. D'Arcy
Growing root vegetables : a directory of varities and how to cultivate them successfully
Marker-assisted combination of major genes for pathogen resistance in potato
Resistance to cucumber mosaic virus (CMV) in potato gernplasm
Fundamental rights at airports : border checks at five international airports in the European Union
Examination of the leaf-drop symptom of virus-infected potato using anther culture-derived haploids
This book compiles everything you need to know about potato crop production in one well-organized reference. Leading international authorities clearly discuss biology, genetics, breeding, physiology, biotechnology, agronomy, diseases, insects, abiotic stresses, storage, processing, and effective approaches for improvement and production of crop and handling after harvest.. This one-of-a -kind text explores, from interdisciplinary perspectives, every aspect of potato crop management from seed germination to end use while reviewing and presenting the most current research available on issues ranging from biosystematics to value addition.--COVER.
Oospores of Phytophthora infestans in soil provide an important new source of primary inoculum in Finland
Most pathogens on potato have been imported into Finland via contaminated seed more than hundred years ago. The history of migration and the consequences for potato production of potato wart, blackleg and soft rot, Potato mop-top virus (PMTV) and its vector powdery scab are reviewed as examples of economically important and biologically different potato pathogens. Potato wart spread alarmingly during 1920-1960. Plant quarantine acts and the use of resistant cultivars were successful in eradicating the disease. The pathogens causing blackleg and soft rot increased rapidly in 1960-1970. Development of seed certification schemes after the end of the 1970s decreased disease incidence and made the disease insignificant other than for seed potato production. Introduction of new strains of blackleg bacteria in 2003 caused the disease again to become a considerable threat to potato production. PMTV was imported into Finland in the 1970s where it spread rapidly, especially in starch potato production. Currently it is common in all potato production except that of seed potato. The disease cannot be eradicated but contamination of clean fields can be prevented. New diseases can spread to Finland in future but population changes of existing pathogens have recently caused more problems than species completely new to Finland.
Potato science and technology
New light on a hidden treasure : International Year of the Potato 2008 : an end-of year review
Fundamental rights at Europe's southern sea borders
Effect of selenate supplementation on glycoalkaloid content of potato (Solanum tuberosum L.)
World Bank and the case for privatisation : development in Peru in the 1990s
In search for the European solidarity : the rule of law within the European Union in the framework of constitutional pluralism
Potato variety handbook 1992.
In 1500 CE, the Inca empire covered most of South America's Andean region. The empire's leaders first met Europeans on November 15, 1532, when a large Inca army confronted Francisco Pizarro's band of adventurers in the highland Andean valley of Cajamarca, Peru. At few other times in its history would the Inca royal leadership so aggressively showcase its moral authority and political power. Glittering and truculent, what Europeans witnessed at Inca Cajamarca compels revised understandings of pre-contact Inca visual art, spatial practice, and bodily expression. This book takes a fresh look at the encounter at Cajamarca, using the episode to offer a new, art-historical interpretation of pre-contact Inca culture and power. Adam Herring's study offers close readings of Inca and Andean art in a variety of media: architecture and landscape, geoglyphs, sculpture, textiles, ceramics, featherwork and metalwork. The volume is richly illustrated with over sixty color images.
Potato and sweetpotato in China : systems, constraints, and potential
Improving quality of paediatric care in small hospitals in developing countries : report of a meeting Geneva 19-21 June 2000
(IPSS 2004) Novel approaches to the control of potato scab
The Huánuco Pampa Archaeological Project. Volume 1, The plaza and palace complex
Being trans in the European Union : comparative analysis of EU LGBT survey data
Summary in Finnish.
Proceedings of the IIIrd International Late Blight Conference : Beijing, China, April 3-6, 2008
Potato variety handbook
Impact damage, gangrene and dry rot in potato : important biochemical factors in screening for resistance and quality in breeding material
Access to health care for children in Amazonian Peru : focus on antibiotic use and resistance
Proceedings of the Second Balkan Symposium on Vegetables and Potatoes : Thessaloniki, Hellas 11-15 October, 2000
Results of the official variety trials 2008-2015.
Posttranslational modifications of potato virus A movement related proteins CP and VPg
Influence of thaxtomins in different combinations and concentrations on growth of micropropagated potato shoot cultures
Evaluation of some North and  South American potato breeding lines for resistance to potato mop-top virus in Sweden
Strengthening potato value chains : technical and policy options for developing countries
Urban social exclusion in the European Union : concepts, causes and prospects
Between silver and guano : commercial policy and the state in postindependence Peru
Proceedings of the Vth Balkan Symposium on Vegetables and Potatoes : Tirana, Albania, October 9-12, 2011
Transient coexpression of individual genes encoded by the triplegene block of potato mop-top virus reveals requirements for TGBp1 trafficking
Colonial architecture and sculpture in Peru
Compendium of potato diseases
Managing the potato production system
Virallisten lajikekokeiden tulokset 2003-2010 = Results of official variety trials 2003-2010
Effects of selenium treatments on potato (Solanum tuberosum L.) growth and concentrations of soluble sugars and starch
The fertilization value of human excreta for cabbage and potato growth
The potato in finnish food economy
Potato diseases
Infection with potyviruses
Biochemical and structural properties of Potato virus A VPg
Combined removal of phosphorus and nitrogen from wastewater
International symposium on naturally occurring toxins in horticultural food crops : 22nd International horticultural congress, Davis, California, USA, August 12, 1986
While many scholars have been interested in the size of the Indian population of the Americas at the time of first contact with Europeans, this book, first published in 1982, was the first to make a thorough examination of the question. Focusing on Peru, Professor Cook estimates population size on the basis of archaeology, carrying capacity of the agricultural systems, disease mortality, depopulation ratios, and census projection. He also analyses the catastrophic population decline that resulted from contact with Europeans, and compares this experience with that of the coastal region and the Andean highlands.
Three strain groups of potato A potyvirus based on hypersensitive responses in potato, serological properties, and coat protein sequences
The potato : a survey of its history and of factors influencing its yield, nutritive value and storage
Seeds of change : five plants that transformed mankind
Host gene expression at an early stage of virus resistance induction
Potatoes : production, marketing, and programs for developing countries
The history and social influence of the potato
A study of the Japanese diaspora in Peru
Provincial patriarchs : land tenure and the economics of power in colonial Peru
Marketing Bhutan's potatoes : present patterns and future prospects
Pocket guide to varieties of potatoes
The ceque system of Cuzco : the social organization of the capital of the Inca
Catalytic depolymerisation of starch-based industrial waste : use of non-conventional activation methods and novel reaction media
A comparative study of methods for diagnosing bacterial stem and leaf rot of Dieffenbachia and potato blackleg, and an evaluation of their possible application in the potato micropropagation programme
Potatoes postharvest
This book examines the relationship between the indigenous peoples of northern Ecuador and disease, especially those infections introduced by Europeans during the sixteenth century. It addresses an important and often overlooked element in the history of Amerindian populations: their biological adaptability and resilience. But it is more than a history of disease incidents, medical responses, and population trends. The history of the biological experience under colonial rule. It differs from other studies in the field by its emphasis on the relationship between biological and social responses.
Quality of table potatoes : morphology, content of substances and quality properties at different stages of development and growth of the potato tuber
Quality and preservation of vegetables
Potato gene Y-1 is an N gene homolog that confers cell death upon infection with potato virus Y.
Ancient kings of Peru : the reliability of the Chronicle of Fernando de Montesinos : correlating the dynasty lists with current prehistoric periodization in the Andes
Gendered citizenship in Sudan : competing perceptions of women's civil rights within the family laws among northern and southern elites in Khartoum
Dictionary of technical terms relating to the potato = Wörterverzeichnis für das Fachgebiet der Kartoffel = Lexique technique de la pomme de terre
Field assessment of resistance in potato to Phytophthora infestans : international cooperators guide
Effect of applying nitrogen fertilizer to a potato seed crop on the susceptibility of the daughter plants to Erwinia carotovora subsp. atroseptica
Virallisten lajikekokeiden tulokset 1997-2004 = Results of official variety trials 1997-2004
Initial infection of roots and leaves reveals different resistance phenotypes associated with coat protein gene-mediated resistance to Potato mop-top virus
