http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13470 industrial areas
industrial areas
The industrial heritage : transaction. Vol. 3
Industrial ruins : spaces, aesthetics and materiality
Occurrence of Petrova resinella (Lepidoptera, Tortricidae) in a gradient of industrial air pollutants
Ympäristökilpailukyvyn edistäminen Keskipohjolassa : Keskipohjolakomiten ProMidNord-hankkeen WP 2 (Work Package) -osion loppuraportti = Improving the eco-competitiveness in the Mid Nordic region : final report of WP 2 (Work Package) -work in the Mid Nordic Committee's ProMidNord-project
Soil quality [5] : sampling : standardi. Part 5, Guidance on the procedure for the investigation of urban and industrial sites with regard to soil contamination
Redeveloping industrial sites : a guide for architects, planners and developers
The Chinese Mobile Game Market
Summary in Finnish.
Market analysis and business opportunity evaluation of entering Chinese medical waste treatment industry
Human spaces : life-enhancing designs for healing, working and living
The map of Finland would look quite different if the forest industry had not had such an important role in the Finnish national economy and society. The production of pulp, paper, sawn timber, plywood and furniture concentrated people in dozens of mill towns and industrial centres. The harvesting and transportation of roundwood, in turn, dispersed people in hundreds of rural villages in different parts of the country. Together these localities formed the settlement systems of the forest sector, in which each of the localities had a certain economic and productive role. During the first half of twentieth century this settlement system expanded with increasing production, but during the second half of the century both lumberman-smallholder villages and mill communities faced serious difficulties. The restructuring processes within the forest sector decreased jobs in forestry and industrial production, although the production volumes continued to increase. Both the growth periods and restructuring periods have created spatial inequalities between localities and regions within the settlement system of the forest sector.
Potentials of Chinese Cosmetic market
The significance of local governments in brownfield redevelopment projects
Visit sunny Chernobyl : and other adventures in the world's most polluted places
Measurement of PCDD/PCDF in the environment of East Finnmark
Finlaysonin alue : osayleiskaavaehdotus, Tampere : The Finlayson area, Tampere
Industrial districts and local economic regeneration
Environmental management in industrial estates in China : background paper
Conservation of the industrial heritage
The types of ultrastructural injuries in conifer needles of northern industrial environments
The structural funds and the conversion of the industrial areas of Spain 1994-96
The industrial heritage : transaction. Vol. 2, Scandinavian reports
"Bernd and Hilla Becher's lifetime project of documenting the industrial landscapes of Europe and North America has secured their position in the canon of postwar photographers." "Becher scholar Susanne Lange, granted access to the photographers' archives and quoting extensively from interviews with them, has written the first sustained analysis and biography of the Bechers' extraordinary partnership. She discusses, among other topics, both the functionalist and aesthetic dimensions of the Bechers' subject matter, their typologizing (which she finds reminiscent of nineteenth-century naturalists' classificatory schemes), and the anonymous industrial building style favored by German architects. She argues that industrial building types impose themselves on our consciousness as the cathedral did on that of the Middle Ages, and that the Bechers' photographs - which seem at first glance only to record a vanishing landscape - serve to examine this shaping of our perceptions. Their work provides us with a rare opportunity to see how we see." "Bernd and Hilla Becher: Life and Work, with 53 duotone plates and 126 additional illustrations, is the first book to delve deeply into the sources and vision behind the evocative and melancholy beauty of the Bechers' work. It will be indispensable both as a reference for students of postwar German photography and as a guide for readers who want to know how to approach the Bechers' monumental project."--BOOK JACKET.
Hybrid nature : sewage treatment and the contradictions of the industrial ecosystem
Industrial location planning : an empirical investigation of company approaches to the problem of locating new plants
The global challenge to industrial districts : small and medium-sized enterprises in Italy and Taiwan
Living industrial past : perspectives to industrial history in the Tampere region
This original and instructive new book defines and explores the concept of knowledge as the talent, skills, know-how and understanding embodied in individuals. The distinguished contributors advance the current research frontier in three novel directions which focus on: the role of human capital and talent for creativity, entrepreneurship and regional development; the role of institutions for the behaviour of firms and entrepreneurs; and the influence of the global context on the location, export and innovation behaviour of firms in a knowledge economy. They also address critical questions that underpin the emerging knowledge economy: Why does human capital and talent tend to agglomerate in large urban regions? How does this agglomeration affect the location of different types of economic activities? How does this agglomeration affect regional growth? Presenting the state-of-the-art in the field of knowledge economics, this book will prove a stimulating and challenging read for scholars and researchers with an interest in economics, business and management, and regional and urban studies.
Internationalization plan for Leon Chouinard & Sons
Oil extraction in extreme remoteness : the organization of work and long-distance commuting in Russia’s northern resource peripheries
Creating Silicon Valley in Europe : public policy towards new technology industries
Entrepreneurial networking of small businesses in Latin-America : the case of Villa el Salvador in Peru
Spatial perspectives on industrial organization and decision-making
The rise of the rustbelt
New location factors for mobile in Europe
The regional economics of knowledge and talent
The Chinese mobile game market
Sites and monuments
The political logic of the European Community Structural Funds budget : lobbying efforts by declining industrial regions
The Arkhangelsk oblast has long been one of Russia's most important forest industrial regions. This paper analyses the changes in accessibility of forest resources and forest commodity production during the transition period in the 1990s. Special attention is given to firm restructuring, active roles of domestic capital and the different survival strategies that have been developed by industries in the region. Further analysis deals with signs of economic recovery in the forest sector due to the processes of restructuring, modernisation and self-organisation.
The technopolis plan in Japanese industrial policy
Patterns of mixed land use on remote Eurasian rangelands
Industrial clusters and inter-firm networks
Forest industry on the map of Finland
Pasvik Water Quality until 2013 : Environmental Monitoring Programme in the Norwegian, Finnish and Russian Border Area
Managing the spatial impacts of industrial change in Finland
Interactions among herbivores in three polluted pine stands
Eight hours for what we will : workers and leisure in an industrial city, 1870-1920
Bernd and Hilla Becher : life and work
Secondary modern discipline : with special reference to the "difficult" adolescent in socially depressed industrial areas
Peter Walker and partners : landscape architecture : defining the craft
A Handbook of industrial districts
David Lynch : the factory photographs
Programme and abstracts : reusing the industrial past : ICOHTEC, TICCIH & Worklab joint conference in Tampere, Finland 10th-15th August 2010
Forests of the Leningrad Region
Development of forest sector in the Arkhangelsk oblast during the transition period of the 1990s
Technological change and mature industrial regions : firms, knowledge and policy
The environmental management of industrial estates
Environmental effects of structural changes in old industrial cities : PACTE Project
Monitoring of coniferous forest ecosystems in Sweden
Urban growth and innovation : spatially bounded externalities in the Netherlands
Industrial heritage = Patrimoine industriel
Social aspects of reconstruction of old industrial regions in Europe
Industrial location : principles and policies
Alterations in the ultrastructure of epiphytic lichens Hypogymnia physodes and Alectoria capillaris caused by air pollution
Coping with post-industrial sites is a pressing issue throughout Europe and North America. One point of departure for their general rediscovery was the revitalisation by Latz + Partner in the early 1990s of an abandoned steelworks as Landschaftspark Duisburg-Nord; industrial relics were not demolished but seen as integral parts of the overall concept and imbued with new meanings and uses. Many more projects with a similar approach have since been executed and this book presents a selection of the most seminal, such as Chemetoff's Île de Nantes, Parc del Clot in Barcelona, Hargreaves/PROAP's Parque do Tejo e Tranca̋o in Lisbon and Michel Desvigne's Parc aux Angéliques in Bordeaux. Beauty Redeemed offers a systematic framework for the consideration and use of post-industrial sites. The author, Professor of Landscape Design at Copenhagen University, places these 'leftovers' in their broad historical and aesthetic context, proceeding from the 19th-century Romantic fascination with ruins through present-day industrial decline as exemplified by Detroit to a renaissance of the transformed landscape. Transformation, understood as designing with the 'as found', forms the basis of this design theory; it explores design work informed by a sensibility for redeemed beauty and various concepts of relating past, present and future.--Back cover.
Industrial districts : a new approach to industrial change
Industrial districts and inter-firm co-operation in Italy
Spatial turns of manufacturing since 1970.
Reusing the industrial past by the Tammerkoski rapids : discussions on the value of industrial heritage
Conquering nature and engaging with the environment in the Russian industrialised North
Developing transnational industrial platforms : the strategic conception of the Öresund region
Geochemistry of podzolized tills and the implications for aluminium mobility near industrial sites : a study in Kuopio, eastern Finland
Wildwood Imperium
The Arctic in world affairs : a North Pacific dialogue on the future of the Arctic
From restructuring to the ecological city : proceedings of the seminar 15 to 16 April 1996 Tampere, Finland
The Structural Funds' contribution to the conversion of declining industrial areas in France, 1994-1996 : summary of SPDs objektive 2 France
Redeveloping brownfields
Abstract.
Small firms and industrial districts in Italy
Economic perspectives on inter-organisational environmental management : case study of regional environmental management system
Taewon Jang : stained ground
The Structural Funds' contribution to the conversion of declining industrial areas in the Benelux countries, 1994-1996 : summary of the objektive 2 SPDs for the Benelux countries
Regional economic structures in Finland : analyses of location and regional economic impact
The Structural Funds' contribution to the conversion of declining industrial areas in Italy, 1994-1996 : summary of SPDs objektive 2 Italy
Chlorinated acetic and propionic acids in pine needled from industrial areas
Strategic assessment of development of the Arctic : assessment conducted for the European Union
Pathways to industrialization and regional development
Perspectives on industrial archaeology
Market research in the Finnish food industry
The industrial heritage : the 3rd International Conference on the Conservation of Industrial Monuments, Sweden 30 May - 5 June 1978 : transactions. 1, National reports: Europe expect Scandinavia, North America and Japan
Beauty redeemed : recycling post-industrial landscapes
Industy, space and competition : the contribution of economists of the past
Yes in our backyard! : facilitating proactive citizen participation in urban planning
Twentieth century industrial archaeology
Market Analysis of Environmentally Friendly Celulose Insulation Material in the Construction Business in Srinagar, India
Environmental management for industrial estates : information and training resources
Potentials of Chinese cosmetic market
In this article, the geographical transformation of the Finnish manufacturing sector since the 1970s is analysed. Changes in manufacturing employment by municipalities are used as central indicators of the transformation. The urban-rural shift, deindustralisation, and emergence of the new economy have all occurred during the last three decades.A trend surface analysis indicates that manufacturing employment increased all over the country in the 1970s. The growth was higher the more northern and eastern the municipality's location. This pattern was conformable to the goals of the Finnish regional policy of the 1970s. Deindustrialisation plagued the economy from the early 1980s to the mid-1990s, and its negative labour force impacts were focused especially on the southern mature industrial cities. The industrial policy of the 1980s was without much result. Finally, the crisis of the early 1990s ruined a considerable part of industrial performance everywhere in the country. The era of telecommunications-driven economic growth in the 1990s led to the geographical pattern of growing employment in few urban areas and some localities adjacent to cities. The long, vigorous growth period (up to the year 2001), comparable with the growth of the late 1960s and early 1970s, diffused to rural municipalities, but the geographical pattern of this boom was oriented more towards the west and south than in the 1970s.
Finlaysonin alue : opas = Finlayson area : guide
The Structural Funds' contribution to the conversion of declining industrial areas in Germany, 1994-1996 : summary of SPDs objektive 2 Germany
Technology & industry : a nordic heritage
Industrial location and economic integration : centrifigural and centripetal forces in the new Europe
The first industrial region : North-west England, c.1700-60
The public chance : nuevos paisajes urbanos = new urban landscapes
From industrial districts to local development : an itinerary of research
Industrial districts : evolution and competitiveness in Italian firms
Entry and exit in Swedish industrial sectors
