http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13463 workplaces
workplaces
Health-Promoting Leadership : a study of the concept and critical conditions for  implementation and evaluation / Andrea Eriksson
Preventing absenteeism at the workplace : research summary
Handling aggression and violence at work : a training manual
The effect of discrimination on job performance and job satisfaction
Handbook of unethical work behavior : / implications for individual well-being
Waking up to risk : corporate responses to HIV/AIDS in the workplace
A comparative study on challenges in the psychosocial work environment of Finnish and foreign-born general practitioners
Counselling for managers
Working with people : great careers for people interested in
Motivation factors enabling positive deviance at workplace
Social services in the workplace : repositioning occupational social work in the new millennium
The trainer's balanced scorecard : a complete resource for linking learning to organizational strategy
The Development of Intercultural Relationships at Work: Polish Migrant Workers in Finland
Succeeding at interviews in a week
A handbook of human resource management practice
This text provides a comprehensive treatment using multiple theoretical perspectives to understand and examine all workplace relationships. It helps readers broaden and enrich the ways they think about workplace relationships and their role in organizational processes.
Effect of internships as part of studies and preparation for entering work force
Jane's workplace security handbook
Diversity management
Developing a business information system : case: Work practice placement management tool for Oulu Vocational College, Department of Social and Health Care, Kontinkangas Unit
Rolling pin international : the hotel and tourism magazine in German and English
Listening to conflict : finding constructive solutions to workplace disputes
Finnish national workplace development programme 1996-99 : final report of the management group to the Economic Council Helsinki, December 15, 1999.
What do people do all day?
Abstract.
Job challenge : Europe is creating jobs : ten innovative projects tell their stories
Where have all the jobs gone? Gross job flows in Estonia
Great answers to tough interview questions : how to get the job you want
Workplace violence against nursing personnel : a literature review
Learning while working : success stories on workplace learning in Europe
Experiencing and managing emotions in the workplace
Writing a CV that works : how to develop and use your key marketing tool
Building security : strategies & costs : risk assessment, security planning, cost data for construction & security systems
Finding a Job with a Future : How to identify and work in growth industries and services
Getting into films and television : how to spot the opportunities and find the best way in
Indoor climate problems : investigation and remedial measures
The litigators
Gender, identity and the culture of organizations
Prepairing your own CV : how to improve your chances of getting the job you want
Implementation of Microsoft Office Communicator and its effect to internal communication : case: Mehiläinen Oy
Competence framework for VET professions : handbook for practitioners
Bullying and emotional abuse in the workplace : international perspectives in research and practice
Diversity in coaching : working with gender, culture, race and age
Teaching english abroad : a fresh and fully up-to-date guide to teaching English around the world
Ergonomic software tools in product and workplace design : a review of recent developments in human modeling and other design aids
Job insecurity : coping with jobs and risk
Workplace health promotion in Europe : the role of national health policies and strategies
A baby at the beach cafe
Research in the sociology of work. Vol. 8, Deviance in the workplace
Supervision in the Hospitality Industry
Managing workplace bullying : How to identify, respond to and manage bullying behavior in the workplace
Workforce : a better place to work 2
The other at the workplace : power and language in a multicultural workplace
Group and team coaching : the essential guide
How to write a cv that really works
Job and worker flows in Sweden 1986-1995 : who gets the new jobs and who loses the old jobs?
Dancing in the dark. My struggle book 4
Successful interviews
Exploring learning on the workplace  : Case study of the evaluation and analysis of learning effects, using PLS Basic Training at Daimler as an example.
Promoting equality in the workplace: legislative intent and reality
International handbook on diversity management at work : country perspectives on diversity and equal treatment
Managing workplace conflict
The sustainable workplaces : NOKIA & Lindström as a case study
Assuring the efficiency of advertisement recruiment : in the war for talent
New approaches to disability in the workplace
Work design in practice
Työjärjestelmien ergonomiset suunnitteluperiaatteet : standardi = Ergonomic principles in the design of work systems
Highland Park
The green office : how to live well, be green and make a difference
The joy of work : Dilbert's guide to finding happiness at the expense of your co-workers
Estimating equilibrium search models from Finnish data
Abstract: Discrimination is one of the most controversial phenomena to challenge the Human Resources (HR) function in the work place. It has been discussed in depth by sociologists, politicians and lawyers and remains a topical issue. Despite advances gender discrimination still persists, and continues to be experienced by women in the contemporary work space. Purpose - As job satisfaction has been shown to directly affect business performance, there has been increased interest in how job satisfaction can be improved through effective human resource management. Therefore, this study will attempt to discover the empirical factors that could determine the satisfaction levels of workers in the UK, and this research will also examine whether the gender of workers determines any differences in the levels of satisfaction. Methodology - This study uses theories to compare job satisfaction and performance. The major determinant being gender equality and focusing on whether there is correlation between equality and job satisfaction. Findings - Even though job satisfaction and equal treatment of women and men does not necessarily bring about better performance and productivity; however the reverse affects the work environment negatively. Keeping employees satisfied is one method of keeping companies productive. Moreover motivating workers with more responsibility and challenge makes workplaces healthier. Research limitations - This research focuses on the UK job market; however it a vital issue to extend this to other countries and in better detail. Practical implications - This study intends to present understanding of those variables that are likely to determine the satisfaction of women employees, and the author hopes that company managers will find these findings valuable to adopt opportunities to motivate workers more effectively to raise their levels of satisfaction and commitment. Original value - This study offers findings that are valuable and original as the focus will examine whether the gender of workers could determine their job satisfaction, and how this influences the productivity and performance of organisations.
Excellence by design : transforming workplace and work pratice
The role of ICT and high-growth firms : micro-level evidence on job creation and productivity growth
Applying for a job in Lapland : international student ́s guide /.
Daughter's love
Born for this : how to find the work you were meant to do
The strength of Adrian Coles' book is its basis in his extensive knowledge of workplace counselling in Britain and his wide knowledge and relationships with those who work in the area. What is magical about his book is his use of examples. Throughout, real life examples of workplace counselling, dilemmas, organisational and many other issues, help to illuminate concepts and bring theory down to earth.
Representations of leaders in education and recruitment advertisements in The Economist
Training using drama : successful development techniques from theatre & improvisation
Selection interviewing : the essential guide to thinking and working smarter
Finding a job : how to plan your career
Make your workplace great : the 7 keys to an emotionally intelligent organization
Diversity at work : the practice of inclusion
Survey and mitigation of occupational radon exposure in underground workplaces
”Hope is the last thing to die in life” : mapping out the needs and hopes of dump pickers in Maputo as a part of a process of empowerment
Pupil-related psychosocial factors, school setting, and teacher sick leave : a collaborative data study
Change, strategy and projects at work
Assessing the violence risk of psychiatric patients
ASTD handbook for workplace learning professionals
Revisiting the buffers of job insecurity : investigating new buffering factors between perceived job insecurity and employee outcomes
The aim of this thesis was to find out how well Microsoft Office Communicator can help the employees of Mehiläinen Oy and will it change the communication culture within Mehiläinen Oy. Under the scrutiny were also the challenges concerning Mehiläinen Oy's ICT-infrastructure; can Office Communicator be installed on thin client environment. The needed equipment from the end users' point a view was also introduced. One part of the thesis was to install the needed software for the test group and make Office Communicator familiar to the end-users. The workstation installations of Office Communicator were carried out mainly remotely by the author of the thesis. Short introduction to the end-users were given alongside with the installation. The research method used was case study. At the end of the installation project, some of the key persons of the test group were interviewed. The theory covers the challenges of future work place and deals with the fact that work is not tied to a place and time. Also team work is mentioned in the theory, because of the PR-departments role in the OC test group. Based on the experiences of the author and the interviews made to the key persons, the answers to the research problems of the thesis were solved. According to the findings it can be said that the OC has helped the employees of the Mehiläinen Oy. OC instant messaging has had little influence on emails and phone calls. Video Conference calls have not decreased work-related travelling significantly, since teams have used Sonera Anytime con-ference calls before OC. However the interviewees felt that OC Video Conference Calls has made the remote meetings more pleasant and easier to organize. The Office Communicator 2007 client can only be installed on PC or laptop, since all the features were not possible to use in Thin Client. The recommendation for the future is to spread the user group to cover all the laptop and PC users. The Live Meeting client should be taken in use to improve the video conference meet-ings. The possibilities to bring OC part of the Citrix environment should be examined in the future.
Through language we show who we are and where we belong. In the workplace context this includes the way we construct ourselves as the team leader, meeting chair, a good colleague, the judge, a teacher orresearcher. Constructing Identities at Work presents cutting edge research on the process of identity construction in professional and institutional contexts, from corporate workplaces, to courtrooms, classrooms, and academia. The authors illustrate the range of foci, methodologies and approaches prevalent in the newly established field of workplace discourse, demonstrating how interactants do identity work and how identity is 'indexed' (often in subtle ways) in workplace discourse. Moving beyond unhelpful static universalities about how all women, all English-speakers, or all old people behave linguistically, each of the authors emphasises the contextualised nature of our everyday lives and the ways in which we negotiate and renegotiate our emerging identities with others. Among the chapters there are examples of a range of different theoretical approaches to identity in linguistics, from the prevalent social constructionist lens to the micro-level detail accessible through Conversation Analysis, and the quantitative analysis offered by corpus linguistics.
Opportunities in hotel and motel careers
Ultimate CV : over 100 winning CVs to help you get the interview and the job
When sparks fly : harnessing the power of group creativity
Equality, diversity and inclusion at work : a research companion
Job evaluation and remuneration strategies : How to set up and run an affective system
Creating a Staff Handbook
Employees Training and Development in Chinese State Owned Companies : Case:LQ Coal-Fired Power Plant
Supervision in the hospitality industry
Studies on higher education choices and spatial labour markets
The establishment and growth of new firms is important for job creation, but companies are not all the same. A small number of firms create a significant portion of new jobs, while in a large portion of firms job creation remains limited or the number of jobs is actually decreasing. New firms include a relatively high number of 'gazelles', firms that increase the number of jobs at a rapid pace. At the same time, however, only a small portion of new firms survive the 'valley of death' of the first years following entry. It is difficult to identify rapidly growing businesses in advance, and high growth at the outset does not typically predict high growth in the future..
Don't send a CV : and other controversial rules to help land a great job
Learning while working : success stories on workplace learning n Europe
Your essential guide to career success
Executive summary.
The hating game
The essence of successful staff selection
A Study on Gross Job Flows in Finland : The Importance of Employees' Characteristics
Employer Brand and Great Place to Work as Perceived by Generation Y Employees - Case Ravintolakolmio-ryhmä
Worker participation in occupational safety and health : a practical guide
Smart flexibility : moving smart and flexible working from theory to practice
Conflicts in the workplace : sources and solutions
What kind of job-broker is the public employment service? : evidence from Finnish job vacancy microdata in 2002-2003
Tales for trainers : using stories and metaphors to facilitate learning
Working for the enviroment : how to make a career of caring for the world we live in
Narratives of agency in job burnout recovery
Vacancies notified : methods and measurement in the European Community
Working with cultural differences : dealing effectively with diversity in the workplace
Richard Scarry's what do people do all day?
Making practical training a success : case: international practical training process at Lahti University of Applied Sciences
The fourth hand
Employee induction : developing an induction process for a company providing services in sports and leisure time activities
Essays on team cooperation and firm performance
Autism equality in the workplace : removing barriers and challenging discrimination
How to write successful CVs and job applications
Practical skills, education and development : Vocational education and training in Finland
No-nonsense resumes: the essential guide to creating attention-grabbing resumes that get interviews & job offers
Joy
Marketing campaign "OAS student internship program"
Quality Assurance of International Work Placements in Kymenlaakso University of Applied Sciences Business Department
Managing an age diverse workforce
Capable workplace learning
Organizing relationships : traditional and emerging perspectives on workplace relationships
Workforce : a better place to work
Developing orientation in the invoicing department and producing a work instruction manual : Case: Shared Service Centre
Finding a job : how to be headhunted
The good suicides
Counselling in the workplace
None of us is as good  as all of us : how McDonald's prospers by embracing inclusion and diversity
When I grow up
What do grown-ups do all day?
30 rock. Season 4.
Sustainable well-being at work through ergonomics via the web-based learning program of Ergonetti
Finding a voice at work? : new perspectives on employment relations
Harmonization of training content and trainer qualification : developing Train-the-Trainer Workshop for continental corporation
Vanished
Search in the labour markets : empirical evidence of the role of technology and sanctions
Working in ski resorts : Europe & North America
Absenteeism and turnover of hospital employees
Dimensions of dignity at work
Work your way around the world
Third party in workplace conflicts : the mediator's conflict management and intercultural competences
Learning in the workplace : strategies for effective practice
A household model for work absence
Workplace ethics : some practical and foundational problems
Gender and sexuality in the workplace
Managing and developing diversity is on the political and business agenda in many countries; therefore diversity management has become an area of knowledge and practice in its own right. Yet all too often it is referred to as a unifying concept, as if it were to be interpreted uniformly across all cultures and countries. The contributors to this volume expertly examine the relationship between diversity management and equality legislation within the different participating countries’ national contexts. They advocate that such separation and sequencing between equality at work and diversity management is far from natural. This Handbook will be greatly appreciated by scholars who wish to better contextualize their research and will also provide policy-makers with benchmark data regarding equal treatment and diversity as understood in other countries.
Job vacancy survey
Multilingualism at work : from policies to practices in public, medical and business settings
Management leadership in occupational safety and health : a practical guide
EU annual report on human rights 2008
Seeking directions : training industry trainers in a multilingual workforce
Deaf people and the labour market in Sweden : Education - Employment - Economy
Health and safety : a guide for the newly appointed
Finnish urban regions
Trans-cultural leadership for transformation
Communicating successfully in groups : a practical quide for the workplace
Compostition of the job-seeker stock in labour market matching : a stochastic frontier approach
An analysis on the use of consumer cloud storage services in the workplace
Job creation in firms : does Finland lack gazelles?
Constructing identities at work
Plan for the development of an innovative workplace for the Sato Corporation
Heterogeneous job seekers in regional matching processes
Abstract (1 s.).
Working anger : preventing and resolving conflict on the job
Over the last decade or so research into bullying, emotional abuse and harassment at work, as distinct from harassment based on sex or race and primarily of a non-physical nature, has emerged as a new field of study. Two main academic streams have emerged: a European tradition applying the concept of 'mobbing' or 'bullying' and the American tradition, primarily identified through concepts such as emotional abuse and mistreatment. One focuses on the perpetrator, the other on the victim. In addition research in this field has also started in Australia and South Africa. All are brought together in this work, in a synthesis of research and analysis of practice in the field. In addition, this book aims to document the existence and consequences of the problem of bullying, to explore its causes and to investigate the effectiveness of approaches aimed at mitigating and managing the problem, as well as to offer suggestions for further progress in this important new field.
Discrimination, sickness absence, and labor market policy
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Matching heterogeneous job seekers and vacancies : empirical studies using Finnish data
Mars and Venus in the workplace : a practical guide for improving communication and getting results at work
Master your workday now! : proven strategies to control chaos, create outcomes & connect your work to who you really are
Labor market matching with application to Finnish data
Stalking, harassment, and murder in the workplace : guidelines for protection and prevention
Occupational health
Teaching English abroad : your expert guide to teaching English around the world
The new pioneers : the men and women who are transforming the workplace and marketplace
