http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13441 environmental economics
environmental economics
Waste management plan for Farmari 2005 Agricultural Fair of Finland
Economics of poverty, environment and natural-resource use
Essays in climate change and forest management
Journal of environmental economics and management
There is emerging evidence that environmental degradation increases human mortality. This paper provides a long-run consumer optimization model in which mortality is endogenous to emissions generated by production. Emissions are assumed to follow the EKC path, first rising and then falling along with output. In the optimum, some deaths are accepted as an exchange for consumption. The model is estimated for the European outdoor air pollution data, showing that Europe has reached the downward sloping segment of the EKC. Economic growth will thus decrease rather than increase air pollution and the associated deaths in most countries in Europe.
Organic food businesses in local alternative agri-food networks in Pirkanmaa region in Finland
Economy-wide material flow accounts
Counterfactual approach for assessing agri-environmental policy : theory with an application to Finnish water protection policy
Environmental protection expenditure in industry
Economic instruments for the sustainable management of natural resources : a case study on the Philippines' forestry sector
Ecosystem services : global issues, local practices
Renewable energy and climate policies : studies in the forest and energy sector
Climate economics : the state of the art
Managing the environment : an analytical examination of problems and procedures
Value-added bioproducts or renewable energy derived from lignin? : comparative regional economic and environmental impact assessment : case Metsä Group's bioproduct mill in Äänekoski
In 2013, the Nordic Ministers for the Environment decided to strenghten the measurement of green estimates of welfare and socio-economic developments. The report Making the Environment Count is describing how statistics on the environment and the economy thorugh the System of Environmental-Economic Accounts can be used to enable cross-sectorial analysis. The report proposes indicators that can be compiled annually in a Nordic context through existing statistics linking economic statistics to environmental statistics
Optimal harvesting of Tectona grandis plantation stands in Costa Rica
The economics of survival : the role of cost-benefit analysis in environmental decision-making
Green growth, smart growth : a new approach to economics, innovation and the environment
Impacts of reducing red meat consumption on agricultural production in Finland
Towards a sustainable well-being society : building blocks for a new socio-economic model
Environmental cost internalization : case studies from the Czech Republic, Egypt and South Africa
Implementing domestic tradable permits for environmental protection
Environmental economics : proceedings of a conference held by the Confederation of European Economic Associations at Oxford, 1993
Environmental goods and services sector
Environmental & Natural resource economics
Forests in a market economy
Parallax of growth : the philosophy of ecology and economy
Biodiversity economics
Holistic management : a new framework for decision making
Environmental issues in business education curricula at Finnish Universities of Applied Sciences : towards a postmodern curriculum?
Vietnam economic environment and financial risks
What happened to sustainable savings?
Journal of environmental planning and management
The sustainability handbook
Valuing the environment : six case studies
Economic instruments in environmental policy in a Europe without border control
Opportunities for reducing environmental emissions from forage-based dairy farms
Green auctions with joint environmental benefits
Environmental economics and natural resource management in developing countries
Resources for our future : key issues and best practices in resource efficiency
Technical assistance for capacity building in environmental economics
Key to the Finnish forest industry
Global action for biodiversity : an international framework for implementing the Convention on Biological Diversity
Bioproducts from Canada's forests : new partnerships in the bioeconomy
Cities in Transition focuses on the sustainability transitions initiated in 40 European cities. The book presents the incredible wealth of insights gathered through hundreds of interviews and questionnaires. Four key domains-local energy systems, local green spaces, local water systems and local labour markets-have been the focus of the field research investigating local potentials for social innovation and new forms of civil society self-organisation. Examining the potential of new organizational frameworks like co-operatives, multi-stakeholder constructions, local-regional partnerships and networks for the success of such transitions, this book presents the key ingredients of a sustainable urban community as a viable concept to address current global financial, environmental and social challenges. Crucial reading for academics and practitioners of urban planning and sustainability in Europe, Cities in Transition is an innovative roadmap for sustainability in changing cities.
Environmental quality analysis : theory and method in the social sciences : papers from a resources for the future conference
Public sector environmental protection expenditure
Benefits of reduced eutrophication : evidence from Finland, the Baltic Sea area and Europe for policy making
The emergence of ecological modernisation : integrating the environment and the economy?
From bioeconomics to degrowth : Georgescu-Roegen's "new economics" in eight essays
Environmental economics : for business management
Greenhouse economics : value and ethics
Biodiversity management with lobbying and technological change
Cooperation and paradoxes in climate economics
Financial risk management instruments for renewable energy projects : summary document
Performance of alternative policies in addressing environmental dimensions of multifunctionality
This discussion paper is an attempt to lay out a path toward a more sustainable society. It introduces several principles of sustainable well-being that meet the key sustainability challenges of advanced societies. Taken together, these principles form a vision of a sustainable well-being society.In addition, the paper analyzes the changing role of government in the transition towards sustainability. --Publisher's description.
Carbon finance : the financial implications of climate change
Ecological economics : an introduction
Environmental economics : applications, policy and theory
Knowledge and decisions in environmental contexts : a case study of the pulp and paper industry
The economic value of the environment : [cases from South Asia]
In Biopolitical Screens, Pasi Väliaho charts and conceptualizes the imagery that composes our affective and conceptual reality under twenty-first-century capitalism. Väliaho investigates the role screen media play in the networks that today harness human minds and bodies -- the ways that images animated on console game platforms, virtual reality technologies, and computer screens capture human potential by plugging it into arrangements of finance, war, and the consumption of entertainment. Drawing on current neuroscience and political and economic thought, Väliaho argues that these images work to shape the atomistic individuals who populate the neoliberal world of accumulation and war. Väliaho bases his argument on a broad notion of the image as something both visible and sayable, detectable in various screen platforms but also in scientific perception and theoretical ideas. After laying out the conceptual foundations of the book, Väliaho offers focused and detailed investigations of the current visual economy. He considers the imagery of first-person shooter video games as tools of "neuropower"; explores the design and construction of virtual reality technologies to treat post-traumatic stress disorder in veterans of Iraq and Afghanistan; and examines three instances of video installation art that have the power to disrupt the dominant regime of sensibility rather than reinforce it.
Horticulture: plants for people and places. Volume 2, Environmental horticulture
Adaptive capacity and environmental governance
The economics of environment : papers from Four Nations
Contingent valuation
Pure and compensated efficiency of Swedish dairy farms
Renewable resources and economic sustainability : a dynamic analysis with heterogeneous time preferences
Impacts of agri-environmental policies on land allocation and land prices
Appropriate classification of three Swedish soils for agrarian and environmental management
Climate confusion : how global warming hysteria leads to bad science, pandering politicians and misguided policies that hurt the poor
Economic evaluation of climate change impacts : development of a cross-sectoral framework and results for Austria
Environmental management in practice. Vol. 1, Instruments for environmental management
Modern dairy production is inevitably associated with impacts to the environment and the challenge for the industry today is to increase production to meet growing global demand while minimising emissions to the environment. Negative environmental impacts include gaseous emissions to the atmosphere, of ammonia from livestock manure and fertiliser use, of methane from enteric fermentation and manure management, and of nitrous oxide from nitrogen applications to soils and from manure management. Emissions to water include nitrate, ammonium, phosphorus, sediment, pathogens and organic matter, deriving from nutrient applications to forage crops and/or the management of grazing livestock. This paper reviews the sources and impacts of such emissions in the context of a forage-based dairy farm and considers a number of potential mitigation strategies, giving some examples using the farm-scale model SIMSDAIRY. Most of the mitigation measures discussed are associated with systemic improvements in the efficiency of production in dairy systems. Important examples of mitigations include: improvements to dairy herd fertility, that can reduce methane and ammonia emissions by up to 24 and 17%, respectively; diet modification such as the use of high sugar grasses for grazing, which are associated with reductions in cattle N excretion of up to 20% (and therefore lower N losses to the environment) and potentially lower methane emissions, or reducing the crude protein content of the dairy cow diet through use of maize silage to reduce N excretion and methane emissions; the use of nitrification inhibitors with fertiliser and slurry applications to reduce nitrous oxide emissions and nitrate leaching by up to 50%. Much can also be achieved through attention to the quantity, timing and method of application of nutrients to forage crops and utilising advances made through genetic improvements.
In this paper, I consider biodiversity management in an economy where the conservation of land yields utility through biodiversity, firms improve their e±ciency through in-house R&D and local interest groups lobby the government over environmental policy. I compare three cases: Laissez-faire, the regulation of land use and subsidies to the conservation of land. The results are the following. Laissez-faire yields Pareto sub-optimal, but direct regulation Pareto optimal allocation of resources, with political contributions to the government. A shift from direct regulation to conservation subsidies decreases biodiversity and the growth rate.
Economic valuation of the environment : methods and case studies
Carbon and nitrogen in the terrestrial environment
Environmental mortality and long-run growth
Plant invasions in boreal agricultural habitats : the effect of environmental conditions, species traits and the impact on native diversity
Biorefineries in decentralized environment : review
Carbon tax simulations using a household demand model
Investors ́guidebook : for environmental, health and safety : Russian Federation
Building the green economy : success stories from the grassroots
European environment outlook
We find ourselves between a rock and a hot place-compelled by the intertwined forces of peak oil and climate change to reinvent our economic life at a much more local and regional scale. The Resilience Imperative argues for a major SEE (social, ecological, economic) change as a prerequisite for replacing the paradigm of limitless economic growth with a more decentralized, cooperative, steady-state economy. The authors present a comprehensive series of strategic questions within the broad areas of: Energy sufficiency, local food systems, interest-free financing, affordable housing and land reform, sustainable community development. Each section is complemented by case studies of pioneering community initiatives rounded out by a discussion of transition factors and resilience reflections. With a focus on securing and sustaining change, this provocative book challenges deeply embedded cultural assumptions. Profoundly hopeful and inspiring, The Resilience Imperative affirms the possibilities of positive change as it is shaped by individuals, communities, and institutions learning to live within our ecological limits.
Creating environmental business value : achieving two shades of green
Enlargement : paying for the green acquis
Environmental science : active learning laboratories and applied problem sets
The end of economics? : ethics and the disorder of progress
Environmental policy integration in practice : shaping institutions for learning
"Frames forestry activities within climate-change policy context. Analyzes the operation and efficacy of market-based mechanisms for forest conservation and climate change. Explores voluntary schemes for carbon crediting, provides an overview of carbon accounting best practices, and presents tools for future sequestration and offset programs. Concludes with options for slowing deforestation"--Provided by publisher.
Scenarios for future agriculture in Finland : a Delphi study among agri-food sector stakeholders
The paradigm of forests and the survival of the fittest
The economics of environmental degradation : tragedy for the Commons?
The environment program : challenges and changes at the dawn of the new millennium 2000-2001
Governing the blue-green Baltic Sea : societal challenges of marine eutrophication prevention
Addressing the demand for and supply of ecosystem services in agriculture through market-based and target-based policy measures
Nitrogen and phosphorus balances on Finnish dairy farms
The economics of environmental improvement
Estimating the total demand for an environmental resource with marginal willingness-to-pay amounts in a CVM study[sup 1]
Global biodiversity finance : the case for international payments for ecosystem services
The economics of environmental protection
Towards bioeconomy : a three-phase Delphi study on forest biorefinery diffusion in Scandinavia and North America
The Asian insider : unconventional wisdom for Asian business
From global land grabbing for biofuels to acquisitions of African water for commercial agriculture
Conserving and valuing ecosystem services and biodiversity : economic, institutional, and social challenges
Climate change and agriculture : theory and application of mitigation policies
Prospects for cost-efficient water protection in the Baltic Sea
Human ecology as human behavior : essays in environmental and development anthropology
Stated preference methods for environmental valuation : a critical look
Accounting and financial reporting for environmental costs and liabilities
Economics and management of climate change : risks, mitigation and adaptation
More from agriculture : testing the concept and practise of locally driven environmental initiatives
Conservation biology of the great crested newt in managed boreal forests in Finland
Biopolitical screens : image, power, and the neoliberal brain
Climate change and environmental ethics
Taking complexity seriously : policy analysis, triangulation, and sustainable development
The sustainable enterprise fieldbook : when it all comes together
Volume two of Horticulture - Plants for People and Places provides detailed considerations of the scientific, managerial and technological concepts which underpin Environmental Horticulture. This discipline returns horticulture to its original values required for the design, husbandry and management of macro- and micro-landscapes and their constituent parts. Expert internationally acclaimed authors describe:- Horticulture and the Environment, Woody Ornamentals, Herbs and Pharmaceuticals, Urban Greening, Rural Trees, Urban Trees, Turfgrass Science, Interior and External Landscaping, Biodiversity, Climate Change and Organic Production. These subjects are united by considerations of the needs for the sustainable use of resources and careful conservation applied wherever Horticulture, natural flora and fauna, and the environment coincide. Horticulture plays a vital role in providing environmental care and supporting natural and man-made rural, urban and peri-urban landscapes.Indeed this discipline founded the basis for ecological studies, environmental science and the analysis and an increased understanding of eco-system services. This is illustrated by the current initiatives such as the development of green eco-towns and garden cities which require fundamental understandings of the controlled manipulation of plants based on the principles and practices of horticultural science for their success. Such concepts are rooted in Horticulture as illustrated by the use of plants throughout the histories of successive civilisations. These values have been vigorously applied for rejuvenating cities and communities which have been afflicted by declining economies, degraded environments, poor employment opportunities, and returning poverty. The presence of healthy plant communities provides significant economic gains in the form of environmental benefits, increased tourism, business and employment opportunities.Considerable cost-benefits are added, such as climatic amelioration, carbon sequestration, providing carbon credits and stormwater attenuation. Particular attention is given in this book to the threats posed by climate change and India is cited as a pertinent case study. Horticulture has much to offer by way of mitigation of the environmental devastation. Each of these topics is given detailed consideration by expert authors of this book.
The environmental effectiviness of alternative agri-environmental policy reforms : theoretical and empirical analysis
Forest policies and social change in England
"Expansion of biofuel investment in Africa has been supported by indebted poor governments because of perceived potential benefits such as sustainable energy development, support to poor farmers, development of rural economies and reduction of greenhouse gas emissions. However, the intensity of the biofuels political economy in poor countries worsens inequality for the vulnerable poor. This is evidenced by large-scale land acquisitions in Africa for biofuel and crop production primarily for foreign consumption - food, animal feeds and energy crops. The search for land in African countrieshas been triggered by growing concerns over food and energy security in developed countries following the global food crisis of 2008. Moreover, these recent developments in large-scale land acquisitions in Africa are not a new phenomenon, but represent the renewal of old practices incommercial agriculture, which is either conducted through purchases or long-term leases. In addition to biofuel expansion, this study notes that current large-scale land acquisitions in sub-Saharan Africa have been further driven by demands to access water resources for other commercial agricultural crops. The land purchases or leases automatically guarantee access to African water. This demand for water is a response to climate change: most industrialists believe that acquiring land near a main water reservoir will guarantee future agricultural potential. Few analyses have been done on the land-water access nexus. This article considers recent developments in large-scaleland acquisitions in Africa in terms of water security for commercial agriculture to safeguard the production of agricultural crops with a large water footprint. Using political economy analysis, this article examines national policy on these acquisitions, the rights accorded to foreign investors and how land acquisitions undermine indigenous rights to the common resources that have been the mainsource of livelihood in sub-Saharan Africa." --Publisher's description.
Regional externalities
The publication Resources for our Future provides a very accessible account of the international resource question as well as an inspiring overview of industrial best practices. The authors clarify the main ecological constraints related to the use of a wide range of resources, such as water, industrial and construction minerals, and biotic resources.
Natural resource economics : an introduction
Finance policy for renewable energy and a sustainable environment
Essential environment : the science behind the stories
Green careers : choosing work for a sustainable future
Climate change and forests : emerging policy and market opportunities
Economics of the environment
Causes of response uncertainty and its implications for WTP estimation in choice experiment
Can the EU budget support climate policy in Central and Eastern Europe?
State of Finlands forests 2007 : based on the criteria and indicators of sustainable forest management
Valuation of management policies for sport-fishing on Sweden's Kaitum river
Reflections on economic change, natural resources and environment
Abatement costs for agricultural nitrogen and phosphorus loads : a case study of crop farming in south-western Finland
Medical Waste, Categorisation and Handling : An Application of the Index Number Theory
Environment and development economics
Towards environmental innovation systems
Price, principle, and the environment
The use of economic instruments in Nordic and Baltic environmental policy 2001-2005
Advanced principles in environmental policy
Contribution to global environmental governance? : viewpoint from pension funds and United Nations Responsible Investment
A geospatial approach to assessing the synergies of agriculture-based poverty alleviation programmes : ADRA's programme in the Ga West district of Ghana
Proceedings from the seminar : manure - an agronomic and environmental challenge. NJF-seminar 372, arranged by NJF sections, soil, water and environment; engineering. Nils Holgersson gymnasiet Skurup, Sweden September 5-6, 2005.
Spatially optimal steady state phosphorus policies in crop production
The political economy of sustainable development : policy instruments and market mechanisms
Environmental economics : an introduction for students of resource and environmental sciences
The cultures of markets : the political economy of climate governance
Philosophical basics of ecology and economy
Handbook of environmental accounting
The economics of energy policy in China : implications for global climate change
Green profits : the managers handbook for ISO 14001 and pollution prevention
Greening industrialization in Asian transitional economies : China and Vietnam
This paper summarises the simulated effects on Finnish agricultural production and trade of a 20% decrease in Finnish demand for red meat (beef, pork, lamb). According to our results, reduced red meat consumption would be offset by increased consumption of poultry meat, eggs, dairy products and fish, as well as small increases in consumption of fruits and vegetables, peas, nuts, cereal products and sweets. By including the derived demand changes in an agricultural sector model, we show that livestock production in Finland, incentivised by national production-linked payments for milk and bovine animals, would decrease by much less than 20% due to the complex nature of agricultural production and trade. Overall, assuming unchanged consumer preferences and agricultural policy, a 20% reduction in red meat consumption is not likely to lead to a substantial decrease in livestock production or changed land use, or greenhouse gas emissions, from Finnish agriculture.
Supporting service innovation via evaluation : a future oriented, systemic and multi-actor approach
Economics of the environment : theory and policy
Environmental economics : concepts, methods, and policies
Applying economic instruments to environmental policies in OECD and dynamic non-member economies : [Workshop on the Use of Economic Instruments in Environmental Policies was held at OECD on 8-9 November 1993]
A generalized hybrid approach to controlling emissions
Framework for assessing the distribution of financial effects of environmental policies
Managing human resources for environmental sustainability
Europe in figures : Eurostat yearbook
The Baltic Sea - our common treasure : economics of saving the sea
Ecological economics and global change : aspects of research
Integration of environmental considerations in the program cycle
Environmental issues : measuring, analyzing, and evaluating
Environmental economics and management : theory, policy, and applications
Reindeer talk : Sámi reindeer herding and nature management
Production frontier methods in environmental performance measurement and analysis
Explorations in environmental and natural resource economics : essays in honor of Gardner M. Brown, Jr
Environmental policies and development planning in contemporary China and other essays
The problem of exploitative economy
Essays in search activity
Handbook of environmental economics. Vol. 1, Environmental degradation and institutional responses
Rot bilong mipela : the politics of logging in East New Britain, Papua New Guinea
Environmental management in practice. Vol. 2, Compartments, stressors and sectors
Environment and health in the Accra metropolitan area, Ghana
Foreign direct investment, clean development mechanism, and environmental management : a case of Sub-Saharan Africa
Preconditions for Sustainable Rural Coworking Spaces in Southwest Finland : Field Study England - Case Study Mietoinen
An indispensable handbook of tools and advice for environmentally responsible organizations.
Can learning from the past help to predict the future in the environmental impact assessment on reindeer husbandry?
The Baltic environment, food and health: from habits to awareness : feasibility study : Central Baltic INTERREG IV A Programme 2007-2013
From material flows to cash flows : an extension to traditional material flow modelling
Green gone wrong : dispatches from the front lines of eco-capitalism
Game theory and the environment
Journal of environmental management
Environmental accounting and macroeconomic analyses of environmental problems : Nordic conference, Helsinki, August 1993.
International business : the new realities
Rediscovering sustainability : economics of the finite earth
Integrated assessment and management of public resources
Europe's environment : An Assessment of Assessments
Redesigning animal agriculture : the challenge of the 21st century
Valuing climate change mitigation : applying stated preferences in the presence of uncertainty
Optimal pollution, optimal population, and sustainability
The economics and ecology of biodiversity decline : the forces driving global change
Managing the environment : the role of economic instruments
Since the Rio 'Earth' Summit of 1992, sustainable development has become the major policy response to tackling global environmental degradation, from climate change, to loss of biodiversity, and deforestation.
Ecological economics : concepts and methods
Ecological economics : the journal of the International Society for Ecological Economics
Progress in natural resource economics
Thinking ecologically : the next generation of environmental policy
Knowledge, space, economy
Living standards and changing expectations : investigating domestic necessity and environmental sustainability in an affluent society
Representation of green consumerism : a constructionist critique
Wood harvesting and logistics in Russia : focus on research and business opportunities : final report of the research project
Uncovering the hidden harvest : valuation methods for woodland and forest resources
A real options approach to abatement investments and green goodwill
Fisheries management costs : the case of Baltic salmon fishery
Asian environment outlook 2001
The Baltic environment, food and health : from habits to awareness : feasibility study : Central Baltic INTERREG IV A Programme 2007-2013
Environmental and energy taxes
The limits to scarcity : contesting the politics of allocation
Circulation economics : theory and practice
The resilience imperative : cooperative transitions to a steady-state economy
Environmental Services provided by the Nordic-Baltic Forests : extended abstracts of the CAR-ES network meeting in Finland 20.-22.10.2014
You can't eat GNP : economics as if ecology mattered
Integrating environmental economics and policy analyses in a geographical information system
The compensatory effect of environmental subsidies for agri-environmental output constraints was evaluated through a comparative analysis observing the 'pure' efficiency, as a benchmark for prevailing production conditions, and the 'compensated' efficiency, as a proxy indicator of the compensation. An unbalanced data panel covering 3578 Swedish dairy farms in the period 2002-2012 was used. The analysis showed that in the study period, environmental farm support decreased the differences in farm revenue generated by agri-environmental output constraints in Sweden. However, the environmental support distribution did not succeed in meeting regional needs, so difficulties in farmers' ability to generate output in southern and central forest and valley areas of Sweden were visible. Furthermore, the environmental agricultural support had only a partial subsidisation effect on 'green' farm management practices, with full compensation being achieved for organic and capital-extensive farming, whereas low livestock density farming was not sufficiently compensated. This analysis reveals incentives with policy implications for farm economic performance and provides direct input to future policy recommendations for environmental support allocation.
Perverse subsidies : how tax dollars can undercut the environment and the economy
Sustainability and environmental economics : an alternative text
Patterns of mixed land use on remote Eurasian rangelands
Cities in transition : social innovation for Europe's urban sustainability
Sustainable consumption : multi-disciplinary perspectives in honour of professor Sir Partha Dasgupta
Applying environmental economics in Africa
Exploring the gaps : vital links between trade, environment and culture
Asian environment outlook 2001 : highlights
Environmental taxation in practice
Analysing the options : environmental cost-benefit analysis in differing economic systems
Financing environmentally sound development
Economic analysis of environmental impacts
Values, fairness and legitimacy : in the context of Finnish forest and nature conservation policy
The new carbon economy
The economics of forest disturbances : wildfires, storms and invasive species
Valuing Mediterranean forests : towards total economic value
Essays from the course Forest Resource Economics, NA 4007, 2001
Economics and the environment
The international yearbook of environmental and resource economics 2005/2006 : a survey of current issues
Notes from lectures on natural resource economics
Environmental economics : an introduction
Environmental impact assessment review : EIA review
Biogeochemistry in acid sulphate soil landscapes and small urban centres in Western Finland
National emissions trading : interim report of the Finnish Committee on the Kyoto mechanisms
Environmental economics and sustainable development
Emissions mitigation in New Zealand dairy farming : a delphi study
Changing land management : adoption of new practices by rural landholders
Making money and saving the environment in an imperfect world
Assessing the recreational demand for agricultural land in Finland
Corporate social-responsibility and environmental management
Biogeochemical cycles in globalization and sustainable development
Green logistics in logistics industry in Finland : case:  Inex Partners Oy and Suomen Kaukokiito Oy
Functional diversity in agricultural field margins
Manure nutrient content in the Baltic Sea countries
Multiple indicators of human impacts on the environment in the Pechora Basin, north-eastern European Russia
Building services engineering
Report of the FAO Expert Consultation on the Development of International Guidelines for the Ecolabelling of Fish and Fishery Products From Inland Capture Fisheries : Rome, 25-27 May 2010.
An industry in transition : environmental significance of strategic reaction and proaction mechanisms of the Finnish pulp and paper industry
Is environmental guilt a driving force? : an economic study on recycling
Europe in figures : Eurostat yearbook ..
Choice modelling and the transfer of environmental values
On revealing preferences with the contingent valuation method
In 2005 the Twenty-sixth Session of the Committee on Fisheries (COFI) adopted FAO Guidelines for the Ecolabelling of Fish and Fishery Products from Marine Capture Fisheries, and at the same time recommended that FAO prepare international guidelines on the ecolabelling of fish and fishery products from inland fisheries. In response FAO convened an Expert Consultation on the Development of International Guidelines for the Ecolabelling of Fish and Fishery Products from Inland Capture Fisheries in 2006. After considering the initial draft Guidelines produced by the 2006 Expert Consultation, COFI, at its Twenty-seventh Session, recommended that FAO undertake further work in relation to the minimum substantive requirements and criteria for both marine and inland capture fisheries and in 2008 FAO convened an Expert Consultation to address these issues. The 2008 Expert Consultation proposed revisions to the marine guidelines and draft inland guidelines and it requested further clarification on definitions and scope of the inland capture fishery guidelines, especially in regards to enhanced inland fisheries. The COFI Sub-Committee on Trade (COFI:FT) at its Eleventh Session recommended that an Expert Consultation be convened to address these issues and the Twenty-eighth Session of COFI agreed that further work was needed. The Expert Consultation on the Development of Guidelines for the Ecolabelling of Fish and Fishery Products from Inland Capture Fisheries was convened in Rome, 25-27 May 2010. The Expert Consultation reviewed the Guidelines for the Ecolabelling of Fish and Fishery Products from Marine Capture Fisheries (Revision 1) adopted by the Twenty-eighth Session of COFI and published by FAO in 2009, the report of the Expert Consultation on the FAO Guidelines for Ecolabelling Capture Fisheries (2008), the report of the Expert Consultation on the Development of International Guidelines for the Ecolabelling of Fish and Fishery Products from Inland Capture Fisheries (2006) and a background paper prepared by an FAO consultant that synthesized main points from the above documents. The Expert Consultation reviewed and refined draft Guidelines for the Ecolabelling of Fish and Fishery Products from Inland Capture Fisheries for consideration by the Twenty-ninth Session of COFI. The draft Guidelines follow closely the structure, language and conceptual approach of the revised Marine Guidelines. Many changes to the draft Guidelines primarily relate to the scope and minimum substantive requirements for ecolabelling inland capture fisheries, especially regarding enhanced fisheries. Aquaculture and enhanced fisheries that are solely dependent on material originating from aquaculture were excluded from the scope of the guidelines.
Environmental life cycle costing
Environmental policy : new directions for the twenty-first century
GEO-2000 : UNEP's millennium report on the environment
This book explores the establishment of emissions trading as a form of environmental, market-based governance. It conceptualizes markets as institutions, and analyzes them as a system of climate governance. To this end, it argues that international efforts to promulgate markets run up against local cultures of markets that shape economic practices and knowledge to different degrees. The book also examines the material implications of emissions markets on the environment and climatic systems. In sum, the study finds that cultures of markets present a substantial challenge to a universalist prescription for resolving climate change and highlights issues at the interface of political and economic governance in different political economies. This includes issues of citizen, state, and industry participation, and the materiality of economic and financial productivity.
Environmental management in practice. Vol. 3, Managing the ecosystem
Perceptions, realities and forest communication
CAR-ES (Centre of Advanced Research on Environmental Services from Nordic Forest Ecosystems, 2011-2015) is an open network that brings together Nordic and Baltic forest researchers. The CAR-ES network aims at providing scientific knowledge on the impacts of forest management on major environmental services for decision making within the forest sector. The main environmental services addressed are: Carbon sequestration, Water quality, Biodiversity, Soil quality. CAR-ES organizes meetings, workshops and conferences and the second meeting in 2014 was held in Finland, at the premises of Metla Vantaa Unit. The meeting discussed the issues related to the main environmental services covered by CAR-ES, work on the ongoing subprojects and plannned the final conference as well as the future of the network. The workshop was attended by 30 scientists representing the Baltic and Nordic countries. The extended abstracts of the presentations are published in this paper. CAR-ES is funded by the Nordic Forest Research (SNS) as one of its Virtual Centres of Advanced Research.
Making the environment count : Nordic accounts and indicators for analysing and integrating environment and economy
The theory and practice of environmental and resource economics : essays in honour of Karl-Gustaf Löfgren
Paying farmers for environmental services
The CBI environmental management handbook : challenges for business
Evaluating the environment : application of cost-benefit analysis to environmental protection measures
Environmental Kuznets Curves : a study on the economic theory and political economy of environmental quality improvements in the course of economic growth
