http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13482 paradoxes
paradoxes
Going beyond the pairs : the coincidence of opposites in German romanticism, Zen, and deconstruction
Adventures in paradox : Don Quixote and the Western tradition
Paradox and paraconsistency : conflict resolution in the abstract sciences
Self-deception and the paradoxes of rationality
Universality and the liar : an essay on truth and the diagonal argument
Discursive practices in organizational change
The cultural dialectics of knowledge and desire
Dilemmas : the Tarner lectures 1953
Paradox and the marvellous in Augustan literature and culture
Moore's paradox : new essays on belief, rationality, and the first person
Modern science and Zeno's paradoxes
Complexification : explaining a paradoxical world through the science of surprise
Would you eat your cat? : key ethical conundrums and what they tell you about yourself
Vagueness : an investigation into natural languages and the Sorites paradox
Philosophy of logics
Voting paradoxes and how to deal with them
The way of oblivion : Heraclitus and Kafka
Liars and heaps : new essays on paradox
The philosophy of time : Volume IV Time and physics
The dynamic concept of humor : Erich Fromm and the possibility of humane humor
The paradoxical primate
The author holds that policy science, rather than enabling a rational analysis of a given situation, must be able to confront the ambiguity and paradox of human issues--i.e., its issues are political issues. She argues that the major methods of policy reform--incentives, rules, persuasion, legal rights, and reorganization of authority--are complex social processes rather than mere tools of policy makers, and shows how values enter into policy design and implementation. The new edition includes a study of one of today's trickiest policy issues: affirmative action
Culture : a problem that cannot be solved
What is the name of this book?
Recent essays on truth and the liar paradox
One hundred years of Russell's paradox : mathematics, logic, philosophy
Language and mind
Vagueness, logic, and ontology
Paradoxes are arguments that lead from apparently true premises, via apparently uncontroversial reasoning, to a false or even contradictory conclusion. Paradoxes threaten our basic understanding of central concepts such as space, time, motion, infinity, truth, knowledge, and belief.
Contradictions in context : puzzling over paradoxes in contemporary organizations
Is your neighbour a zombie? : mind-bending philosophical puzzles that will exercise your brain
Numbers rule : the vexing mathematics of democracy, from Plato to the present
Wandering God : a study in nomadic spirituality
The paradoxes of Zeno
"A paradox can be defined as an unacceptable conclusion derived by apparently acceptable reasoning from apparently acceptable premises. Many paradoxes raise serious philosophical problems, and they are associated with crises of thought and revolutionary advances. The expanded and revised third edition of this intriguing book considers a range of knotty paradoxes including Zeno's paradoxical claim that the runner can never overtake the tortoise, a new chapter on paradoxes about morals, paradoxes about belief, and hardest of all, paradoxes about truth. The discussion uses a minimum of technicality but also grapples with complicated and difficult considerations, and is accompanied by helpful questions designed to engage the reader with the arguments. The result is not only an explanation of paradoxes but also an excellent introduction to philosophical thinking."--BOOK JACKET.
Paradox in Christian theology : an analysis of its presence, character, and epistemic status
101 philosophy problems
The philosophy of time : Volume III Time, experience and freedom
Dictionary of paradox
Cultural intimacy : social poetics in the nation-state
Time and McTaggart's paradox
Paradoxes : a study in form and predication
Drum pet : the boy who drummed his life away
Problems of analysis : philosophical essays
In contradiction : a study of the transconsistent
Paradoxes of European legal integration
Paradoxes in scientific inference
A brief history of the paradox : philosophy and the labyrinths of the mind
This volume presents theoretical and empirical aspects of single- and multi-winner voting procedures. It examines the susceptibility of procedures to the main voting paradoxes and discusses the relevance of the theoretical results to the choice of voting system.
Revenge of the liar : new essays on the paradox
The uses of paradox : religion, self-transformation, and the absurd
The paradox of the liar
Policy paradox : the art of political decision making
Identity \ difference : democratic negotiations of political paradox
Paradoxes and inconsistencies in the law
Cultural intimacy : social poetics in the nation state
Unity, truth and the liar : the modern relevance of medieval solutions to the liar paradox
Vagueness and contradiction
Labyrinths of reason : paradox, puzzles and the frailty of knowledge
The philosophy of time
Signs of paradox : irony, resentment, and other mimetic structures
Paradoxes : their roots, range, and resolution
Philosophical perspectives. 16, Language and mind
Paradoxical life : meaning, matter and the power of human choice
Peace kills
The problem of difference : phenomenology and poststructuralism
Understanding truth
Truth and paradox : solving the riddles
Paradoxes of belief and strategic rationality
Modernity and ambivalence
Disposing dictators, demystifying voting paradoxes : social choice analysis
Finnish summary.
The liar : an essay in truth and circularity
A Wittgensteinian way with paradoxes
Optical illusions
On "insoluble" sentences : chapter one of his Rules for solving sophisms
There are two errors in the the title of this book : a sourcebook of philosophical puzzles, problems, and paradoxes
The theological paradox : interdisciplinary reflections on the centre Paul Tillich's thought : proceedings of the V. International Paul Tillich Symposium, held in Frankfurt/Main 1994 = Das theologische Paradox : interdisziplinäre Reflexionen zur Mitte von Paul Tillichs Denken : Beiträge des V. internationalen Paul-Tillich-Symposions in Frankfurt/Main 1994
Celebrating creative consciousness : insights into Oscar Wilde's aesthetics
Integration theory : a second course
The philosophy of time : Volume II Time and metaphysics
"We decide by elections, but do we elect who the voters really want? The answer, as we have learned over the past two centuries, is "not necessarily." That is a negative, frightening assertion about a principal tool of democracy! This negativism has been supported by two hundred years of published results showing how bad the situation can be. This expository, largely nontechnical book is the first to find positive results showing that the situation is not nearly as dire and negative as we have been led to believe. Instead there are surprisingly simple explanations for the negative assertions, and positive conclusions can be obtained."--BOOK JACKET.
Electoral systems : paradoxes, assumptions, and procedures
Shakespeare and the culture of paradox
Žižek's jokes : (did you hear the one about Hegel and negation?)
Paradox : the nine greatest enigmas in physics
Paradoxia epidemica : the Renaissance tradition of paradox
Flatterland : like flatland only more so
Paradoxes of culture and globalization
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
The knowability paradox
Russian-German resettled persons in Germany : paradoxical moments in their integration process
The infinite
Drum Pet (The Boy Who Drummed His Life Away) is a drama of a demented, child-like  man who tells his life story in a retrospect to his nurse: how his biggest dream,  becoming a fantastic drummer, caused him to lose the thing he loved most, his family.  But after the truth unravels, he shall get the redemption from his daughter... who was  his caretaker all along.  TED MURPHY is in a care home treated by a NURSE he doesn't recognise to be his  daughter. Getting back his tin drum – a token from his childhood – triggers him  memories and he starts to tell his life story to the nurse. He was just a little boy when  his father abandoned him and left him the drum that is to become the centre object of  his life. Unable to deal with his sorrow, he escapes into the world of music and swears  he'd never grow up. His mom starts calling him the DRUM PET.  In his early adulthood Ted finds immense happiness: ANNA, the love of his life, and the  daughter they get, MAYA. But he shatters it all by choosing music, a grand tour with his  band, over his family. As he leaves, he gives his daughter the tin drum. Soon after he  loses his ability to play. Not knowing who he is after he isn't a father anymore, Ted  drifts into oblivion.  But all is not lost yet. Ultimately Ted overcomes his need to escape, dares to tell the  truth out loud – and finds his way back to Maya.
Deflationism and paradox
The ways of paradox from Lando to Donne
