http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13419 committing oneself
committing oneself becoming committed
The effects of performance appraisal on employee retention : a comparison of Finnish and Vietnamese enterprises
Utilizing science projects that are problem based : problem-based learning
Maintaining customer loyalty : Developing services at Health Club Hukka
Promoting treatment adherence : a practical handbook for health care providers
The objective of this thesis was to conduct a research in order to find out the level of satisfaction among the employees at several bars in Porvoo. The main research problems and questions of the thesis were to find out what is the level of employee satisfaction, whether the employees find the work environment stimulating, and whether the employees are engaged. It was also to be studied whether employee satisfaction can yield higher customer satisfaction. The empirical data for the research was gathered through a survey. The survey was conducted at the bar locations straight from the staff and it included three background questions, 33 subject-relevant multiple choice questions and eight open-ended questions. The total number of participants in this survey was 31. Due to the style and the nature of the survey, the quantitative research method was used. The result of this study showed that the employees of the company were mostly satisfied about their work although there were also signs of disengagement. Some also felt that the job was slighlty overwhelming as the shifts are mostly during nights. Clearly for most of the employees the best parts of their work were the colleagues, the work spirit, as well as the work itself. The worst parts, most felt, were internal communications, managerial relationships, and rewards. With the results of the study the recommendations were following. The company should provide better internal communications as well as a fair and equal work environment. The managerial relationships were also to be looked into to make them more enjoyable and understandable to the employees. Also what the employees wished for was more rewards in ways of simple thank-yous and other oral acknowledgements.
The role of commitment in software process improvement
Handbook of engaged scholarship : contemporary landscapes, future directions. Volume one, Institutional change
Effective motivation: how to get the best results from everyone
Supporting employee engagement with internal communication for high reliability
Global leadership challenges - and possibilities for tackling them
SME commitmnet to export co-operation
The drivers of employee engagement
Women behind the Scenes in Family Businesses
The power of commitment : a guide to active, lifelong love
The challenges of HRM for line managers in a multicultural workplace / case: Radisson SAS Seaside Hotel
"Culture is the key to success in a 21st century organization-not simply because it affects how we think and behave, but because it's the set of agreements and behaviors that drive how we act in groups and the decisions we collectively make. But every organization now faces the moment it can't ignore as new forms of work, communication and technology wreak havoc on "the way we do things around here." When a traditional structure can morph into a culturally-attuned and culturally-aligned organization, it can become superconducting: everything works better, more smoothly, faster. In The Moment You Can't Ignore, Malachi O'Connor and Barry Dornfeld provide powerful insights on how to confront the clash of old and new so that the people and businesses can successfully meet the challenges of today and tomorrow.They show how to ask the big questions that point the way to renewing a culture: Who are we? What do we stand for, and what's the connection between our identity and the strategic commitments we make?" When people in a company are uncertain of its identity, they have a hard time executing on any strategy with real passion or commitment. Who's in charge? In many organizations it's unclear who's in charge of any given initiative at any given time. The person with the title may need to cede authority to the person with greater expertise. Or the maverick leader of an innovative project team may actually have more sway than the boss. When people don't know how to determine who's in charge, or when and how to shift authority from one person to another, the uncertainty can be paralyzing. How do I lead? Senior leaders may have positional and formal authority, but find they have a difficult time attracting followers.To get people on board with their ideas and initiatives, they can no longer simply order people to follow them. Even leaders in traditional command-and-control hierarchies sense they have to move to a different leadership style, but can't fully adjust to a world of command and collaboration. What's our future? When people don't know who's in charge, are unsure of what their company identity is, and can't get behind their leaders, they rarely have the ability or will to innovate. Old ideas get rehashed. New ideas get squashed or lost. Initiatives that are designed to create an "innovation culture" or spur creativity go nowhere. "--
A comparison between relationship marketing and social-psychological concepts of commitment
Engaging with learning in higher education
Employee satisfaction, loyalty and positive work environment as means to enhance customer experience
Firm commitment : why the corporation is failing us and how to restore trust in it
Organizational Identity and Trust
Maternal bonding
Heart-centered leadership : lead well, live well
"Usually I like school PE, but..." : school physical education described in Internet discussion forums
Building employee-brand commitment : Case Tekla Corporation
Discursive constructions of climate change engagement in business organisations
What’s in it for me?:organizational commitment among faculty members in UAE business schools
Evolution and the capacity for commitment
Employees' understanding of corporate responsibility and Kesko's CSR principles
Fluxes of dissolved organic carbon in stand throughfall and percolation water in 12 boreal coniferous stands on mineral soils in Finland
Summary.
Employee research : how to increase employee involvement through consultation
Key antecedents of business-to-business salesperson's organizational commitment
Consensus through conversation : how to achieve high-commitment decisions
Maintaining customer loyalty : developing services at Health Club Hukka
Measuring Employee Engagement in Hotels: Survey Effectiveness
Psychological ownership and committing to organisation : reconstructed work commitment model
Creating authentic organizations : bringing meaning and engagement back to work
Retention through rewarding : case study: Kai Malvela Tmi
Job satisfaction and organizational trust as antecedents of organizational commitment in Finnish and Estonian SMEs
The essential guide to employee engagement : better business performance through staff satisfaction
Structural determinants of [alpha][sub2A]-adrenoceptor ligand binding and receptor activation
Engaged : unleashing your organization's potential through employee engagement
Adolescent's adherence to treatment in psychiatric care
The art of winning commitment : 10 ways leaders can engage minds, hearts, and spirits
Innovation & the psychological contract in the knowledge business
Factors affecting cooperation in a marketing channel as perceived by channel members : case: Ensto UN
Leadership landscapes
The state of affairs : explorations in infidelity and commitment
Stressful, important and rewarding : How higher education students experience learning in different environments
Supportive frameworks for youth engagement
The engagement equation : leadership strategies for an inspired workforce
United we stand - divided we fall : a standard model of unit cohesion
Baltic Sea Action Group : foundation for a living Baltic Sea
Binding Properties and Stability of the Ras-Association Domain of Rap1-GTP Interacting Adapter Molecule (RIAM)
What's in it for me? : organizational commitment among faculty members in UAE business schools
Evaluation of mobile telephone text message reminders for people with antipsychotic medication
A better idea : redefining the way Americans work
Organizational behavior : essentials for improving performance and commitment
Teachers' perceptions of student engagement and teacher self-efficacy beliefs
Employees' organizational and occupational commitment in equine industry
Engagement of brand advocates in online environment : generating online brand advocacy in digital content marketing
Employment relations : a critical and international approach
Team climate as a predictor of work engagement in knowledge-based organizations
Our cheating hearts : love and loyalty, lust and lies
The 3 power values : how commitment, integrity, and transparency clear the roadblocks to performance
Organizational behavior : improving performance and commitment in the workplace
Engaging leadership : three agendas for sustaining achievement
The single trap  : the two-step guide to escaping it and finding lasting love
Connecting internal communication and organizational engagement : an employee-centered perspective
Prediction of 3D structure and ligand-binding properties : ABC transporters and flavodiiron proteins from Synechocystis sp. strain PCC 6803
Development and piloting of a survey instrument for evaluating the impact of multi-dose dispensing on medication adherence
Engagement at the workplace : the nature, cost and power of engaged work communities
Employee Engagement in Hotel X & Y
Joint commitment : how we make the social world
Building high commitment in a low-commitment world
Binding affinity and mechanism of polymer-DNA polyplexes for gene delivery
Improving LSP collaboration
New medical treatments opportunities to improve care when adherence to treatment can be improved
The loyalty advantage : essential steps to energize your company, your customers, your brand
Commitment in networks of practice
How to Reduce Attrition in Company X?
The objective of this research was to evaluate Nokia's International Employer Brand during the fall of 2012. Recently, the mobile industry has faced intensive competition in terms of recruitment for the best talent. Nokia has faced some difficulties, such as losing its market leadership and facing some remarkable financial turbulence. In February 2011, the company announced a new strategy and since then Nokia's situation has changed dramatically. On June 14, 2012 a reshaped strategy was announced, and this has affected 10,000 employees worldwide. This study evaluated the perception of Nokia' employer brand based on the opinions of different groups (former employees, people working for Nokia and people who have never worked for Nokia). First, the study explores the importance of employer brand categories and attributes. Moreover, the study evaluates Nokia's performance. The study describes the gap between people's expectations and Nokia's offering. The attributes of the employer brand were created based on previous theoretical models adapted to Nokia's situation. The data was collected in September 2012 using an online survey which was sent to the respondents using different social media channels. In total, 216 people from 34 different countries answered the survey. It was found that Nokia's employer brand consists of eight categories and Nokia's overall employer brand remains good. There are some differences in terms of perception depending on respondents' relation to the company. Former employees' perceptions are more negative than those of other groups. The employees' perception is from neutral to positive. Outsiders' perception is the most positive one. Nokia weakest performance was related to leadership and management, HR processes and development opportunities.
Perceived organizational support : fostering enthusiastic and productive employees
Key persons in cross-border acquisitions - How to identify, retain and commit them?
Employee commitment to CRM implementation : Case: Wärtsilä Ship Power
"ACSM's Health/Fitness Facility Standards and Guidelines" presents the current standards and guidelines that help health and fitness establishments provide high-quality service and programme offerings in a safe environment. This fourth edition includes new standards and guidelines for pre-activity screening, orientation, education and supervision. A key benefit to the new edition is that it will assist health and fitness facility managers, owners and staff in keeping to a standard of operation, client care and service that will assist members and users in caring for their health through safe and appropriate exercise experiences.
Flourishing in life, work and careers : individual wellbeing and career experiences
The moment you can't ignore : when big trouble leads to a great future : how culture drives strategic change
The principle of fairness and political obligation
IN DUBIO PRO NATURA? A Philosophical Analysis of the Precautionary Principle in Environmental and Health Risk Governance
Stakeholder anger - negative engagement towards organizations online : a literature review
Engaging with media in the fragmented media environment : using multiple methods to discover elements of media engagement
Treatment adherence of patients with chronic kidney disease : a literature review
The Tiger Woods syndrome  : why men prowl and how not to become the prey
The truth : an uncomfortable book about relationships
Inter-domain interactions in filamins
Total performance scorecard : self-assessment work book : 34 probing questions and contrasting pairs of examples : what separates the successful from the average?
Adherence to treatment in psychotic disorders : development of user-centered mobile health intervention
"Culture is the key to the 21st century organization--not simply because it affects how we think and behave, but because it's the set of agreements and behaviors that drive how we act in groups and the decisions we collectively make. When a traditional structure can morph into a culturally-attuned and culturally-aligned organization, it can become superconducting: everything works better, more smoothly, faster. Malachi O'Connor and Barry Dornfeld show how to ask the big questions that point the way to renewing a culture: Who are we? What do we stand for, and what's the connection between our identity and the strategic commitments we make?" When people in a company are uncertain of its identity, they have a hard time executing on any strategy with real passion or commitment. Who's in charge? In many organizations it's unclear who's in charge of any given initiative at any given time. The person with the title may need to cede authority to the person with greater expertise. Or the maverick leader of an innovative project team may actually have more sway than the boss. When people don't know how to determine who's in charge, or when and how to shift authority from one person to another, the uncertainty can be paralyzing. How do I lead? Senior leaders may have positional and formal authority, but find they have a difficult time attracting followers. To get people on board with their ideas and initiatives, they can no longer simply order people to follow them. Even leaders in traditional command-and-control hierarchies sense they have to move to a different leadership style, but can't fully adjust to a world of command and collaboration. What's our future?"--
Green ships - eco shipping - clean seas : the 12th Annual General Assembly, International Association of Maritime University, Gdynia, Poland, 12-14 June 2011
Commitment in Finnish-Japanese strategic alliances
Leadership in research : transformational leadership and commitment to concepts in knowledge creation
Improving employees' job performance : company: Lohjan Autoclean Oy
Handbook of engaged scholarship : contemporary landscapes, future directions. Volume two, Community-campus partnerships
Commitment to the military among Finnish conscripts
The Effect of Islamic Work Ethics on Work Outcomes
Identities at work / narratives from a post-bureaucratic ICT organization
Effect of leadership on employee engagement : how to create high-engagement in a low-engagement world?
Leadership style : Impact on employee
Employee commitment to energy management : a qualitative interview study about employee commitment to energy management in industrial companies and public real estates
The rescue
Change management in changing the organization structure of an IT-company
A theory of political obligation : membership, commitment, and the bonds of society
The art of leaving
The C words
Workers, firms and unions. Part 2, The development of dual commitment
Examining consumers' intention, behavior, and beliefs in mobile banking adoption and continuous usage
Motivation and commitment of business students in their summer jobs
Hello stay interviews, goodbye talent loss : a manager's playbook
The Association Between Ethical Leadership and Employee Outcomes - the Malaysian Case
Commitment
The third dimension of changes during FOB succession : psychological change
Effects of risk factor targeted lifestyle counselling intervention on quality of lifestyle counselling and on adherence to lifestyle change in stroke patients
Handbook of research on student engagement
Competence identification, assessment and development : case study: Merivaara Oy
The motivation challenge : the manager views on motivation and motivating
Abstract.
Human resource management in organisations : the theory and practice of high performance
Increasing student engagement and retention using mobile applications : smartphones, Skype and texting technologies
Political obligation in ancient Greece and in the Modern World
New rules : searching for self-fulfillment in a world turned upside down
Creating commitment : how to attract and retain talented employees by building relationships that last
Student engagement in Finnish lower secondary school
Independent and mediating effects of trust in leadership on employees' job satisfaction and organizational commitment
Customer brand engagement : affection to brand usage intent and moderating effect of brand experience
Advances in hospitality and leisure
Do organizational and job-related factors relate to organizational commitment? : a mixed method study of the associations
Engagement of employees to internal service development : Case: Development of the contract management tool
Employee engagement : the importance of awareness and a way to boost engagement in complex and fast-changing business environment
Managing a New Generation Marketing Agency
Mutations in DNA Binding and Transactivation Domains Affect the Dynamics of Parvovirus NS1 Protein
West meets east : a study of cross-institutional business relationships between Finnish/Swedish and overseas Chinese firms
Abstract: The purpose of the thesis was to identify if there are less known factors affecting employees' willingness to adopt a new IM tool, in this case CRM. It is obvious the tool itself can always be improved but it may not explain all the reluctance usually involved in adoption of such IM implementations. This thesis researched the problem in a technology company Wärtsilä Corporation focusing on Ship Power business. It is quite common that the implementation of CRM fails, which is confirmed by numerous examples in CRM literature. CRM is a change management project and therefore both change management and internal marketing were investigated as a part of the research. First 5 in-depth interviews were conducted in Ship Power to be able to define which elements seem to discourage the adoption of CRM most. The interviews gave ideas how quantitative research questions could be phrased concerning technology, processes and leadership. E-questionnaire was sent to 76 respondents based on stratified sample. 46 responses were received. The results revealed that despite recognizing CRM a good tool in Wärtsilä Ship Power there are still some developments to be made on technology. Managers' commitment seems to be on a good level, but there are still some defects in the leadership, which should be tackled. It is evident that employee commitment is a significant factor for successful CRM implementation. Mere technology, however advanced it is, cannot guarantee the success. Consequently affective commitment to change of the employees is worth of pursuing.
Meaningfulness as a driver for employee engagement : CSR perspective in a multinational company
The devil's garden
Greedy institutions : patterns of undivided commitment
Antiadhesive molecules in milk and berries against respiratory pathogens
Finding a voice at work? : new perspectives on employment relations
The mental succession - change in the move : interplay between founder, successor and staff representative in three family companies
Ligand binding and enzyme catalysis studied by molecular dynamics simulations
The resilience of understorey vegetation and soil to increasing nitrogen and disturbances in boreal forests and the subarctic ecosystem
Effect of ligand-binding on protein function
How membership enhances loyalty? : nightclub industry in Finland
Motivational drivers of customer brand engagement and its effect on share of wallet in a social media context
Customer engagement behaviors and purchase value
A question of trust : the impact of corporate social responsibility on Stora Enso's perceived image as an employer
A Theology of Public Life
International perspectives on veteran teachers
The whole wide beauty
Multiple commitments in the workplace : an integrative approach
Developing and testing a two-dimensional concept of commitment : explaining relationship of an individual in a marketing dyad
Fiscal policy co-ordination, imperfect labour markets, and monetary union
In the growing markets of today and excess variety of choice to customers, it is significant to companies to know how to maintain their clientele. The purpose of this thesis was to identify the key elements of customer loyalty. The case company Liikuntakeskus Hukka is a large and popular health club situated in Oulu, Finland. The health club wishes to develop its services in order to maintain the number of the existing male members with improved service. The initial interest towards this case company began with the author but the subject for the thesis was suggested by the case company as important and current information to the company could be gathered from the research. The objective was to approach both existing and former male members to determine the reasons why they joined the health club; which needs were or were not satisfied; most and least important factors at the health club among the facilities, and sports and healthcare possibilities; and what were the main causes to resign the contract. According to the researched data, different segments were identified in the male members and conclusions on how to serve these segments better were drawn. This thesis aimed to explain the importance of customer service and customer satisfaction to customer loyalty of a business, as well as considering the theories of consumer behaviour and customer relationship management. Quantitative research was used in the empirical part to gather enough data for reliable results in the form of a multiple-choice questionnaire sent by e-mail. Mainly closed questions were used to gain comparable answer with a few open-ended questions for receiving more precise feedback for the client company. Discussion of the theoretical part was based on printed and online publications. The results were analysed and managerial implications were suggested to the case company in accordance with results. The main segments in male members were identified, and the strongest aspects and the key weaknesses of the health club were recognised by the survey. Health Club Hukka has a strong customer base of members since many years that are very loyal to the club mainly because of the variety of services offered and the atmosphere shared with friends.
Perceptions of dyadic business relationships : in search of the social psychological basis of interpersonal relationship perceptions in socio-economic exchange relationships
Psychological ownership and entrepreneurial drive : at the Jyväskylä City Catering Unit
The development and testing of an employee engagement survey for use within Finnish Organisations
Employee-driven innovation : the manager's guide to EDI
Monetary policy, expectations and commitment
Personnel satisfaction, motivation and engagement : case: FOREX Bank
The self-perceived commitment and relationship maintenance behaviors among Finnish-Chinese couples in Finland : an application of the investment model in intercultural romantic relationship studies
Strategic reward : making it happen : how organizations add value through reward
Nokia's international employer brand
