http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13431 environmental changes
environmental changes
"Are you fed up with the status quo? Do you ask yourself why 1% of the world owns nearly half the wealth? Are you appalled that in a year of recession, banker's bonuses rose by around 64%? Does it anger you that multi-million dollar corporations pay hardly any tax? Do you trust your government? Always insightful, irreverent but funny, Russell Brand is asking the questions the public wants answered. This is his call to arms. This is Russell Brand's Revolution". Provided by publisher.
New Ways of Organizing Work offers a broader understanding of changes to the way work is organized and the implications for relevant stakeholders. It brings together contributions from a well established group of international scholars to examine the nature and consequences of new ways of working. The book draws on studies of a variety of new forms of work, involving a diverse range of employees and drawing on experiences in a variety of countries. It includes three main empirical sections. The first focuses on different forms of work and working arrangements, stimulated by the use of technology, increased competitive pressure and media portrayal of work and working. In contrast to much other work in the field, a strong theme of this book is individuals' experiences of new ways of working. The second empirical section examines this theme with a specific focus on remote workers and their responses to new ways of working. Exploring contemporary trends towards increasing use of global teams, the third section examines the implications of distributed teams and the challenges for managing performance and knowledge transfer.
Changing the global environment : perspectives on human involvement
Biodiversity and global change
"Fossils are essential to the reconstruction of the evolution of life and episodes in Earth history. Knowledge of biomineralization - the processes associated with the formation of mineralized biological structures - is essential to properly evaluate data derived from fossils. This book emphasizes skeletal formation and fossilization in a geologic framework in order to understand evolution, relationships between fossil groups, and the use of biomineral materials as geochemical proxies for understanding ancient oceans and climates. The focus is on shells and skeletons of calcareous organisms, and the book explores the fine structures and mode of growth of the characteristic crystalline units, taking advantage of most recent physical methodological advances. The book is richly illustrated and will be of great interest to advanced students and researchers in paleontology, Earth history, evolution, sedimentology, geochemistry, and materials science"--Provided by publisher.
Adventures in the anthropocene : a journey to the heart of the planet we made
Where lies the horizontal scientist?
Abstract (s. 287-292).
Global climate change and transportation : coming to terms
Paleoenvironmental and paleoclimatic studies on the sediments of Lake Vähä-Pitkusta and observations of meromixis
Symposium: Forests in a changing environment - results of 20 years ICP forests monitoring : Göttingen, 25.-28.10.2006
Non-renewable resources, endogenous growth, and environmental policy
Foreign direct investment in a changing political environment : Finnish investment decisions in South Korea
Zero-carbon energy Kyoto 2010 : proceedings of the second international symposium of global COE program "Energy science  in the age of global warming - toward CO2 zero-emission energy system"
Changing the planning for agile and lean software development : from roadmapping to continuous planning
Distribution of non-biting midges (Diptera, Chironomidae) in subarctic lakes of Finnish Lapland : applications in lake classification and palaeolimnology
Hydrology and global environmental change
Global health : an introduction to current and future trends
Humans on the landscape : interdisciplinary studies at Port au Choix
Principles of ecosystem stewardship : resilience-based natural resource management in a changing world
Birds and habitat : relationships in changing landscapes
Transformative learning in practice : insights from community, workplace, and higher education
This thoughtful book explores the scope of environmental pricing and examines a variety of national experiences in environmental policy integration to identify the most effective use of taxation and policy for environmental sustainability.
Eco-translation : translation and ecology in the age of the anthropocene
Invasive forest insects, introduced forest trees, and altered ecosystems : ecological pest management in global forests of a changing world
Redesigning animal agriculture : the challenge of the 21st century
Ecosystems
"Biologists searching for a resource that explores all of the exciting changes that have occurred recently in the field will turn to this eighth edition. It offers insight into the multidisciplinary nature of the field, presenting a sound historical base, up-to-date coverage, and a look at the latest controversies. The authors evaluate conflicting theories and provide a reasoned judgment as to which is preferable. In a new chapter the authors examine marine biogeography, so that biologists can compare and analyze the data, patterns and problems arising from continental, marine and island biogeography"-- Provided by publisher.
Post-glacial history of sea-level and environmental change in the southern Baltic Sea
Environmental change and its implications for population migration
Sudden and disruptive climate change : exploring the real risks and how we can avoid them
A highway intersection as an alternative habitat for a meadow butterfly : effect of mowing, habitat geometry and roads on the ringlet (Aphantopus hyperantus)
Assessing vulnerability to global environmental change : making research useful for adaptation decision making and policy
Managing global environmental issue - preliminary considerations of a liberal global theory
A political ecology of women, water and global environmental change
Sustainable development : case: energy production in Namibia
Tourism of tomorrow : travel trends and forces of change
What corporate responsibility research can give to business know-how : values, strategies and practices
Environmental factors controlling the position of the actual timberline and treeline on the fells of Finnish Lapland
An exploration of tools and methodologies for valuation of biodiversity and biodiversity resources and functions
Resources and livelihood in mountain areas of South East Asia : farming and rural systems in a changing environment
Change process towards ICT supported teaching and learning
Change is now so commonplace that people no longer talk in terms of the "whitewater epoch". Every sector of the economies of the developed world has experienced huge swathes of change in the last decade of the twentieth century alone. Increased global competition, aided and abetted by technological advances, has led many organizations to seek to re-invent themselves in the hope of being able to survive and thrive. In mature sectors in particular, where the pace of consolidation is accelerating, organizations have had little option but to grow through acquisition or be absorbed. Whether the change is labelled "continuous process improvement", "restructuring", "downsizing" or re-engineering", to employees, change usually brings with it added pressures, job insecurity and a consequent loss of commitment to the organization. Understanding Change: theory, implementation and success argues that strategic change in the new millennium will be geared increasingly to achieving sustainable high performance, rather than just short-term gains. Most theorists now agree that the real challenge of change lies in gaining employees" willingness to commit to the change effort. Change leaders at every level need to be able to understand the elements at work in any change process, and to use judgement about the style of leadership required to give the change effort the best chance of success. Understanding Change: theory, implementation and success provides an overview of change and organizational theory, leading in particular to the author"s definition of the "input" elements of the high performance organisation, based on extensive research into UK and international organisations. It also contains a section looking at the management of change, with case studies illustrating approaches to managing change which are conducive to achieving sustainable high performance. In her companion book, The High Performance Organization- creating dynamic stability, the author explores some of the "how to"s" of building an organizational culture which is supportive of high performance in today"s challenging environment.
Comment on Professor Ronald F. Abler's speech.
Fluxes of methane and nitrogen oxides in various boreal mire ecosystems: effects of land-use activities and environmental changes
Tropic of chaos : climate change and the new geography of violence
Top-down and bottom-up impacts of the great cormorant (Phalacrocorax carbo sinensi) on coastal benthic communities in the Baltic Sea
Psychology and environmental change
Ecological restoration and environmental change : renewing damaged ecosystems
Slower than the eye can see : environmental change in northern Australia's cattle lands : a case study from the Victoria river district, Northern territory
Changing concepts in forest management: the role of criteria and indicators and FAO
Effects of emissions from the nickel-copper smelter in Monchegorsk, northwestern Russia, on the radial growth of Scots pine
Natural resources and social conflict : towards critical environmental security
Considers how the basic chemical conditions of the Earth - from atmosphere to soil to seawater - have been and are being affected by the existence of life. This title helps students extrapolate small-scale examples to the global level, and also discusses the instrumentation being used by NASA and its role in studies of global change.
Climate change is one of the most critical issues of the twenty-first century, presenting a major intellectual challenge to both the natural and social sciences. While there has been significant progress in natural science understanding of climate change, social science research has not been as fully developed. Climate Change and Society: Sociological Perspectives breaks new theoretical and empirical ground by presenting climate change as a thoroughly social phenomenon, embedded in our institutions and cultural practices. This collection of essays summarizes the existing approaches to understanding the social, economic, political, and cultural dimensions of climate change. From the factors that drive carbon emissions to the forces which influence societal responses to climate change, the book provides a comprehensive overview of the social dimensions behind climate change. An understanding of the relationship between climate change and human behavior is a critical element in developing a more sustainable future, changing human habits and behaviors for the better, and creating just and effective environmental policies.
The planet in 2050 : the Lund disourse of the future
Four scenarios for Europe : based on UNEP's third Global environment outlook
Past, present and future : assessing changes in aquatic environments using subfossil diatoms
Environmental pricing : studies in policy choices and interactions
Drinking Molotov cocktails with Gandhi
The right to be a part of nature : indigenous peoples and the environment
Wetland environments : a global perspective
Climate change and agriculture : theory and application of mitigation policies
Understanding globalization : the social consequences of political, economic, and environmental change
Migratory connectivity amongst Baltic Sea salmon
Green building business : target country: India
Towards a sustainable well-being society : building blocks for a new socio-economic model
NJF seminar 479 : Reindeer herding and land use management - Nordic perspectives : 20-21 October 2014, Arctic Centre, University of Lapland, Rovaniemi, Finland
Carbon finance : the financial implications of climate change
Mediterranean mountain environments
The holocene : an environmental history
Biogeochemistry : an analysis of global change
Global environment outlook scenario framework : background paper for UNEP's third global environment outlook report (GEO-3)
Crops and environmental change : an introduction to effects of global warming, increasing atmospheric CO2 and O3 concentrations, and soil salinization on crop physiology and yield
New approaches to American studies : environmental history and ecocriticism
Good practice guidance and uncertainty management in national greenhouse gas inventories
Invasion ecology
Biogeography : an ecological and evolutionary approach
The handbook of environmental health
Pallas-Symposium 1996 : proceedings of the research symposium held in the Pallas-Ounastunturi National Park on 10.-11.10.1996
This discussion paper is an attempt to lay out a path toward a more sustainable society. It introduces several principles of sustainable well-being that meet the key sustainability challenges of advanced societies. Taken together, these principles form a vision of a sustainable well-being society.In addition, the paper analyzes the changing role of government in the transition towards sustainability. --Publisher's description.
Quantifying changes of the coniferous forest line in Finnish Lapland during 1983-2009
Proceedings of Asian Symposium on Global Environmental Change : Tokyo, 1-2 December 1992.
Environmental change in Siberia : earth observation, field studies and modelling
Ecosystem change and public health : a global perspective
Environmental factors and uncertainty in fisheries management in the northern Baltic Sea
Managing blue gold : new perspectives on water security in the Levantine Middle East
General theoretical framework of the SARD-Climate project
Supporting service innovation via evaluation : a future oriented, systemic and multi-actor approach
Tourism : change, impacts and opportunities
This collection gathers a set of seminal papers from the emerging area of ethics and climate change. Topics covered include human rights, international justice, intergenerational ethics, individual responsibility, climate economics, and the ethics of geoengineering. Climate Ethics is intended to serve as a source book for general reference, and for university courses that include a focus on the human dimensions of climate change. It should be of broad interest to all those concerned with global justice, environmental science and policy, and the future of humanity.
Diatoms as indicators of holocene climate and environmental change in northern Sweden
Climate change adaptation in arable land use, and impact on nitrogen load at catchment scale in northern agriculture
"Language Disabilities in Cultural and Linguistic Diversity" takes a critical perspective on traditional bio-cognitive-social approaches to language disabilities - specific language impairment, communication difficulties, dyslexia and deafness. A socio-cultural approach orientates a reinterpretation of research, educational practices and policies in assessment, teaching and intervention. A Vygotskian framework affords repositioning of assessment, learning and development for language disabilities as they are influenced and shaped by experiences of multilingualism, culture, ethnicity and race. The author, rather than present definitive answers, aims to offer new analyses and extend current understanding of linguistic phenomena fraught by dilemmas of disentangling diversity and disability. The volume serves as a source of reflection and inquiry for students, professionals and policy makers in education and health who are interested in disability and language disabilities in multilingual and multicultural contexts.
World at risk
The ecology of a freshwater crustacean: Lepidurus arcticus (Brachiopoda; Notostraca) in a High Arctic region
Polar oceans governance in an era of environmental change
Prehistoric rock art in Scandinavia : agency and environmental change
Environmental changes on the coasts of Indonesia
A long terrestrial sequence in Lantian : a window into the late Neogene palaeoenvironments of northern China
Handbook on climate change and agriculture
Global change : our world in transition
Globalization and the environment
Climate change : significance for agriculture and forestry : systems approaches arising an IPCC meeting
Making the environment count : Nordic accounts and indicators for analysing and integrating environment and economy
A framework for research on the human dimensions of global environmental change
In 2013, the Nordic Ministers for the Environment decided to strenghten the measurement of green estimates of welfare and socio-economic developments. The report Making the Environment Count is describing how statistics on the environment and the economy thorugh the System of Environmental-Economic Accounts can be used to enable cross-sectorial analysis. The report proposes indicators that can be compiled annually in a Nordic context through existing statistics linking economic statistics to environmental statistics
Copenhagen and Beyond  : An Assessment Based on Three Different Approaches to a Post-2012 Climate Framework
Environmental challenges in the joint border area of Norway, Finland and Russia
Analyzing environmental trends using satellite data : selected cases
Fishes and fisheries
Abrupt changes the Achilles' heels of the earth system
Lifestyles and social change : essays in economic sociology
A world after climate change and culture-shift
The environment has always been a central concept for archaeologists and, although it has been conceived in many ways, its role in archaeological explanation has fluctuated from a mere backdrop to human action, to a primary factor in the understanding of society and social change. Archaeology also has a unique position as its base of interest places it temporally between geological and ethnographic timescales, spatially between global and local dimensions, and epistemologically between empirical studies of environmental change and more heuristic studies of cultural practice. Drawing on data from across the globe at a variety of temporal and spatial scales, this volume resituates the way in which archaeologists use and apply the concept of the environment. Each chapter critically explores the potential for archaeological data and practice to contribute to modern environmental issues, including problems of climate change and environmental degradation. Overall, the volume covers four basic themes: archaeological approaches to the way in which both scientists and locals conceive of the relationship between humans and their environment, applied environmental archaeology, the archaeology of disaster, and new interdisciplinary directions. The volume will be of interest to students and established archaeologists, as well as practitioners from a range of applied disciplines.
Global environmental change: : the threat to human health
Biodiversity management with lobbying and technological change
Humans and the environment : new archaeological perspectives for the twenty-first century
"Gonorrhea. Bed bugs. Weeds. Salamanders. People. All are evolving, some surprisingly rapidly, in response to our chemical age. In Unnatural Selection, Emily Monosson shows how our drugs, pesticides, and pollution are exerting intense selection pressure on all manner of species. And we humans might not like the result. Monosson reveals that the very code of life is more fluid than once imagined. When our powerful chemicals put the pressure on to evolve or die, beneficial traits can sweep rapidly through a population. Species with explosive population growth - the bugs, bacteria, and weeds - tend to thrive, while bigger, slower-to-reproduce creatures, like ourselves, are more likely to succumb. Monosson explores contemporary evolution in all its guises. She examines the species that we are actively trying to beat back, from agricultural pests to life-threatening bacteria, and those that are collateral damage - creatures struggling to adapt to a polluted world. Monosson also presents cutting-edge science on gene expression, showing how environmental stressors are leaving their mark on plants, animals, and possibly humans for generations to come. Unnatural Selection is eye-opening and more than a little disquieting. But it also suggests how we might lessen our impact: manage pests without creating super bugs; protect individuals from disease without inviting epidemics; and benefit from technology without threatening the health of our children."--
Do we listen to earthworms? : tools for evaluating the Finnish Action Plan on the sustainable use of plant protection products
Fundamentals of satellite remote sensing : an environmental approach
Forest growth in Komi Republic under the changing environment
Growing green : the economic benefits of climate action
Can the EU budget support climate policy in Central and Eastern Europe?
Roots 2011 Workshop : abstracts, Joensuu, Finland 13-14 December 2011
Aesth/ethics in environmental change : hiking through the arts, ecology, religion and ethics of the environment
Emissions mitigation in New Zealand dairy farming : a delphi study
The archaeology of environmental change : socionatural legacies of degradation and resilience
Global environment outlook, GEO 5 : environment for the future we want
Implementing the climate regime : international compliance
Biogeochemical cycles in globalization and sustainable development
Hazards and opportunities : farming livelihoods in dryland Africa : lessons from Zimbabwe
Competitiveness and business environment in Finland : an international benchmarking
The evolution of temperature tolerance and invasiveness in a fluctuating thermal environment
Regional aspects of climate-terrestrial-hydrologic interactions in non-boreal Eastern Europe
Earth observation of ecosystem services
Urban woodland ecology : methodological perspectives and empirical studies
The ecological rift : capitalism's war on the earth
A social and environmental impact assessment of the Crucitas gold mining project in Costa Rica
Natural succession and human-induced changes in the soft-bottom macrovegetation of shallow brackish bays on the southern coast of Finland
Building an innovative organization culture : case insurance company X
Biominerals and fossils through time
High resilience in the Yamal-Nenets social-ecological system, West Siberian Arctic, Russia
Sclerochronology: mussels as bookkeepers of aquatic environment
Environmental change : the evolving ecosphere
Preface : the International Polar Year project 'Kinnvika' − Arctic warming and impact research at 80° N.
Leaving footprints in the taiga : luck, spirits and ambivalence among the Siberian Orochen reindeer herders and hunters
Assessing human vulnerability to environmental change : concepts, issues, methods and case studies
India's environmental history. 1, From ancient times to the colonial period : a reader
The GEO-3 scenarios 2002-2032 : quantification and analysis of environmental impacts
The systemic cognition of e-learning success in internationally operating organizations
Pollution from fossil fuels and degraded natural lands are raising the earth's temperature. The evidence of the causes of global warming is clear, as are its consequences. The economic impacts of climate change are already apparent and they threaten development gains. Extreme weather events have brought severe droughts to Central Asia, heat waves and forest fires to Russia, and floods to Southeastern Europe. Unchecked emissions will come at rising economic cost and increasing risk to individuals. There is a clear case for all of the world's economies to move to a low-carbon growth path. Yet, climate action has been inadequate, especially in Eastern Europe and Central Asia (ECA). With prospects of a global climate agreement uncertain, this report identifies the actions that governments in the region can take to reduce the carbon footprints of their economies. It shows that many of these actions will more than pay for themselves--and quite quickly when indirect benefits such as better health and increased competitiveness are considered. To realize these benefits, policy makers in ECA need to quickly move on three sets of priorities: use energy much more efficiently, gradually move to cleaner energy sources, and increase carbon capture in soils and forests. This will require transformations in power generation, industrial production, mobility, city living, and in farming and forestry. Policy makers are justifiably worried that climate action may jeopardize economic performance and strain the budgets of poorer families. The report shows how well-designed growth and social policies can make climate action growth-enhancing while protecting the living standards of less-well-off households.
Modeling climate change impacts on European tree species : comparing statistical and dynamic models
Addressing climate vulnerability : promoting the participatory rights of indigenous peoples and women through Finnish foreign policy
The whale and the supercomputer : on the Northern front of climate change
Global warning - global warming : a review of recent publications proposing strategies to combat climate change
Adaptation of transport to climate change in Europe : challenges and options across transport modes and stakeholders
Environmental change and globalization : double exposures
Aquatic weeds 2009 : proceedings of the 12th European Weed Research Society Symposium, August 24-28, 2009, Jyväskylä, Finland
Volatile organic compounds emitted from silver birch and European aspen in response to environmental stresses
Ground-based photographic monitoring
Urbanization and sustainability : linking urban ecology, environmental justice and global environmental change
Holocene marine and freshwater diatoms from the Faeroe Islands : Taxonomy and environmental influences
The global water crisis : a reference handbook
Geomorphology and global environmental change
Global change and the terrestrial biosphere : achievements and challenges
Extending science for global environmental change : the 22nd Norma Wilkinson Memorial Lecture
Unnatural selection : how we are changing life, gene by gene
Air pollution deaths in Europe 2020 : a survey
Just climate? : politics of climate change and cnvironmental justice
Monitoring for conservation and ecology
Facing global environmental change : environmental, human, energy, food, health and water security concepts
Handbook of global environmental politics
Climate change and migration : security and borders in a warming world
Joensuu forestry networking week 2012 : green growth based on forests – New Wooden Products and Construction : Final Report
Lichens to biomonitor the environment
The boreal timber- and tree-line forests grow in harsh environmental conditions in their outermost distribution limit. Here even small environmental changes may cause dramatic changes in the distribution of tree species. We examined changes of the forest lines of Norway spruce (Picea abies (L.) H. Karst.) and Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris L.) in Finnish Lapland five times during 1983-2009. We monitored the number of stems and the volume of the growing stock in thirteen different locations in forest-line areas. The linear temporal trends and the variations of these response variables were used as indicators of a possible change during the study period. Spruce showed a significant increase both in the volume of the growing stock (up to 40% increase) and in the total stem number (up to 100% increase). A significant increase in the volume of the growing stock was observed in the pine data as well (up to 70% increase), whereas the stem number stagnated or even decreased. The results suggest that spruce needs favourable conditions to have an abundant regeneration, but after the establishment the seedlings seem to be more resistant against biotic and abiotic disturbances than pine seedlings. The increasing stand volume might result in a climate-related northward and upward extension of forests in the future. However, our results show that responses in the boreal forest line are species and location specific and a more favourable climate does not necessarily lead to an advance of the coniferous forest line..
In this paper, I consider biodiversity management in an economy where the conservation of land yields utility through biodiversity, firms improve their e±ciency through in-house R&D and local interest groups lobby the government over environmental policy. I compare three cases: Laissez-faire, the regulation of land use and subsidies to the conservation of land. The results are the following. Laissez-faire yields Pareto sub-optimal, but direct regulation Pareto optimal allocation of resources, with political contributions to the government. A shift from direct regulation to conservation subsidies decreases biodiversity and the growth rate.
Land remote sensing and global environmental change : NASA's earth observing system and the science of ASTER and MODIS
Sustainability strategies for business : an integrated approach with a life cycle perspective
New ways of organizing work : developments, perspectives and experiences
Kyoto Protocol Flexibility Mechanisms and the Changing Role of Sovereign States
Ignoring the apocalypse : why planning to prevent environmental catastrophe goes astray
Demonstrating the environmental issues of developing countries through mathematic procedures
Ecosystem management : selected readings
The human environment
Added value of intangibles for organizational innovation
Forest decline in South Central Ethiopia : extent, history and process
Survival competencies in SMEs in changing business environments
Scenarios for future agriculture in Finland : a Delphi study among agri-food sector stakeholders
Environmental changes in SE Estonia during the last 700 years
Evaluating economic risks of extreme weather events - from costs to resilience
Barriers to joint implementation projects in Russia : lessons learnt from the activities implemented jointly pilot phase
The atlas of endangered species
Accelerated internationalisation as a network-based international opportunity development process
Tourism: Change, Impacts and Opportunities provides a comprehensive and balanced discussion of the impacts of tourism. The authors address the nature of tourism and tourists and the economic, physical and social impact that can result from their activity. New approaches to impact assessment are also considered. A wide range of examples from developed and developing countries illustrate the points raised in the text. This timely and perceptive book is essential reading for anyone involved in tourism planning or development and is also suitable for students of geography, planning, economics and sociology.
World social science report : changing global environments. 2013.
Birds and climate change
Field notes from a catastrophe : a frontline report on climate change
Recent spatiotemporal changes and main determinants of aquatic macrophyte vegetation in large lakes in Finland
Climate change : picturing the science
Interventions : visualizing environmental change
Adaptation to climate change in the administrative sector of the Ministry of the Environment : action plan update for 2011-2012
The power of place : how our surroundings shape our thoughts, emotions, and actions
Quaternary environmental change in the tropics
Community and institutional perspectives on water management and environmental changes in the Taita Hills, Kenya : final research report
Atlas of paleoclimates and paleoenvironments of the northern hemisphere : late pleistocene-holocene
Biogeochemical monitoring in small catchments : refereed papers from BIOGEOMON, the Symposium on Ecosystem Behaviour: Evaluation of Integrated Monitoring in Small Catchments held in Prague, Czech Republic, September 18-20, 1993
Managing forests as complex adaptive systems : building resilience to the challenge of global change
Desertification : natural background and human mismanagement
Technology and global change
Trends in global emissions: carbon, sulfur, and nitrogen
Global change in multispecies systems. Part 2
Global environmental governance, technology and politics : the Anthropocene Gap
Globalising challenges of well-being in the Finnish North
Behavioural responses to anthropogenic disturbances
The Earth has reached a tipping point. Runaway climate change, the sixth great extinction of planetary life, the acidification of the oceans—all point toward an era of unprecedented turbulence in humanity’s relationship within the web of life. But just what is that relationship, and how do we make sense of this extraordinary transition? Anthropocene or Capitalocene? offers answers to these questions from a dynamic group of leading critical scholars who challenge the conventional practice of dividing historical change and contemporary reality into “Nature” and “Society,” demonstrating the possibilities offered by a more nuanced and connective view of human environment-making, joined at every step with and within the biosphere. In distinct registers, the authors frame their discussions within a politics of hope that signal the possibilities for transcending capitalism, broadly understood as a “world-ecology” that joins nature, capital, and power as a historically evolving whole.
Climate action
Issues and perspectives in landscape ecology
Global change in multispecies systems. Part 1
Adaptive capacity and environmental governance
Low carbon communities : imaginative approaches to combating climate change locally
Novel ecosystems : intervening in the new ecological world order
Tourism : rethinking the social science of mobility
Genetic response of forest systems to changing environmental conditions
India's environmental history. 2, Colonialism, modernity, and the nation : a reader
Environmental changes in Fennoscandia during the Late Quaternary
Environment & security in an international context : final report
The environment in the headlines : newspaper coverage of climate change and eutrophication in Finland
Environmental social science : human-environment interactions and sustainability
Strategy for sustainable development : proposals for a swedish programme - Enviro 93.
Linking habitat and environmental variables to changes in abundance of the common eider (Somateria mollissima) in the Archipelago Sea (SW Finland)
European aspen and hybrid aspen under changing environment : leaf traits, growth and litter decomposition
Climate Change and the Northern Dimension : an analysis of vulnerability and adaptation policy in Finland, Sweden and Norway
Amazon : biodiversity conservation, economic development and human impact
Our choice : how we can solve the climate crisis
Understanding change : theory, implementation and success
On the chemistry and microbial ecology of the surface microlayer (SM) : a unique microcosmos for studies of environmental impacts on aquatic ecosystems
Active hope : how to face the mess we're in without going crazy
Finnish and Austrian wood markets in a changing environment
Trees in a changing environment : ecophysiology, adaptation, and future survival
Ecophysiology and genetics of trees and forests in a changing environment : proceedings of an international workshop organized under the auspices of the IUFRO
Peatlands : evolution and records of environmental and climate changes
Environmental change and subsistence of northern peoples : adaptation to the changes of the terrestrial ecosystem : proceedings of the 25th International Abashiri Symposium
Prolongation of the growing season due to a warming climate could represent new opportunities for northern agriculture. Climatic and biotic constraints may challenge future crop production. The objective of this study was to speculate how a range of arable land use patterns, resulting from various policy driven choices, could be introduced into a farming system, and how they would affect the risks associated with nutrient leaching. We found that while adaptation to climate change must include consideration of crop choices, there are conflicts associated with allocations and rotations for various market and policy situations. The expected increase in nutrient loading in the simulations caused by climate change was moderate. The increase can partly be compensated for by changes in farmland use, more in the shorter term than in the longer term to mid-century. In the future, adaptation at cropping system level is potentially an efficient way to manage nutrient load risks.
Vegetation ecology
Ecosystems : a functional approach
Copenhagen failure : a rhetorical treatise of how speeches unite and divide mankind
Patterns of mixed land use on remote Eurasian rangelands
Paleobiogeography : [using fossils to study global change, plate tectonics, and evolution]
Arctic climate change discourse : the contrasting politics of research agendas in the West and Russia
Summary of the chosen methodologies and practices to produce GHGE-estimates for an average European diet
Management for adaptation to climate change : mid-term review of a project by total care, Malawi
Boreal populations facing climatic and habitat changes
Anthropocene or capitalocene? : nature, history, and the crisis of capitalism
Climate ethics : essential readings
Monitoring of local reflectance changes in boreal forests using satellite data
Towards bioeconomy : a three-phase Delphi study on forest biorefinery diffusion in Scandinavia and North America
Global biodiversity outlook 2 : CBD, Convention on Biological Diversity
Community adaptation and vulnerability in arctic regions
Spatial and temporal determinants of Finnish farmland bird populations
Social Marketing Concept in Kotka-Kymi Parish Union's Environmental Agenda
Environmental ethics : an overview for the twenty-first century
Global environments through the Quaternary : exploring environmental change
The balance of nature and human impact
Climate change and society : sociological perspectives
Essays on environmental and development economics : public policy, resource prices and global warming
