http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13434 pair work
pair work
Interaction between speakers in oral language proficiency test
Pair work 2 : [intermediate - upper intermediate]
Powers of two : finding the essence of innovation in creative pairs
"Foreign Artists and Communities in Modern Paris, 1870-1914 examines Paris as a center of international culture that attracted artists from Western and Eastern Europe, Asia and the Americas during a period of burgeoning global immigration. Sixteen essays by a group of emerging and established international scholars - including several whose work has not been previously published in English - address the experiences of foreign exiles, immigrants, students and expatriates. They explore the formal and informal structures that permitted foreign artists to forge connections within and across national communities and in some cases fashion new, transnational identities in the City of Light. Considering Paris from an innovative global perspective, the book situates both important modern artists - such as Edvard Munch, Sonia Delaunay-Terk, Marc Chagall and Gino Severini - and lesser-known American, Czech, Italian, Polish, Welsh, Russian, Japanese, Catalan, and Hungarian painters, sculptors, writers, dancers, and illustrators within the larger trends of international mobility and cultural exchange. Broadly appealing to historians of modern art and history, the essays in this volume characterize Paris as a thriving transnational arts community in which the interactions between diverse cultures, peoples and traditions contributed to the development of a hybrid and multivalent modern art." -- Publisher's description.
A blank slowly
Book presents a kind of yoga that is dynamic, youthful, and current, one that you can practice with whomever you want, regardless of any romantic connection. The exercises and advice in this guide are a gift for the muscles, organs, and skin, serving as a refuge of vital energy. It contains: Yoga for couples poses, Exercises to increase flexibility, Yoga-style cooking ideas to share, Yoga and dancing moves, Details on the philosophy of yoga, Insight on meditation for two, Information on sacred spaces, Advice on breathing and increasing energy.
Yoga for couples : fun and engaging exercises to increase flexibility and create a spiritual connection
The Scandinavian artists' colony in France / Salme Sarajas-Korte
Summary.
A journey around my room / Laura Gutman-Hanhivaara
Nordic art : the modern breakthrough / David Jackson
À Paris! : pohjoismainen taiteilijasiirtokunta Pariisissa 1800-luvun lopussa = nordic artists in Paris in the late 19th century : Gallen-Kallelan Museo, Espoo = the Gallen-Kallela Museum : 7.6. -1.9.1996 / [toimitus = edition: Kerttu Karvonen-Kannas, Kati Kivimäki]
A coding scheme development methodology using grounded theory for qualitative analysis of pair programming
Collaborative teaching in elementary schools : making the co-teaching marriage work!
Americans in Paris, 1850-1910 : the academy, the salon, the studio, and the artists' colony
Double act : two artists, one expression ; [English translations: Andrew Boreham]
Foreign artists and communities in modern Paris, 1870-1914 : strangers in paradise
Team genius : the new science of high-performing organizations
Socially shared metacognitive regulation during collaborative learning processes in student dyads and small groups
