http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13400 peace education
peace education
Education for peace : issues, principles, and practice in the classroom
Islamic curriculum on peace and counter terrorism : for young people and students
Handbook on peace education
Beaten by a balloon
Approaching disarmament education
Peacemaking in a troubled world
Research on peace education in Finland
The 2nd edition of Encyclopedia of Violence, Peace and Conflict provides timely and useful information about antagonism and reconciliation in all contexts of public and personal life. Building on the highly-regarded 1st edition (1999), and publishing at a time of seemingly inexorably increasing conflict and violent behaviour the world over, the Encyclopedia is an essential reference for students and scholars working in the field of peace and conflict resolution studies, and for those seeking to explore alternatives to violence and share visions and strategies for social justice and social change. Covering topics as diverse as Arms Control, Peace Movements, Child Abuse, Folklore, Terrorism and Political Assassinations, the Encyclopedia comprehensively addresses an extensive information area in 225 multi-disciplinary, cross-referenced and authoritatively authored articles. In his Preface to the 1st edition, Editor-in-Chief Lester Kurtz wrote: "The problem of violence poses such a monumental challenge at the end of the 20th century that it is surprising we have addressed it so inadequately. We have not made much progress in learning how to cooperate with one another more effectively or how to conduct our conflicts more peacefully. Instead, we have increased the lethality of our combat through revolutions in weapons technology and military training. The Encyclopedia of Violence, Peace, and Conflict is designed to help us to take stock of our knowledge concerning these crucial phenomena." Ten years on, the need for an authoritative and cross-disciplinary approach to the great issues of violence and peace seems greater than ever.
Grappling with peace education in Serbia
Killer fashion revolution : combining peace education with participatory art and design
Growth towards peace and environmental responsibility : from theory to practical implications
The topic of love and non-violence in Islam, in an environment imbued with intolerance, extremism and terrorism, is very significant. This book portrays how loving humanity and eliminating violence are key in all the Islamic teachings and are evident in the conduct of Allah's exalted Messenger. Islam eliminated hatred through love, terrorism through peace and ignorance through knowledge. This book portrays how love, peace and knowledge form the very essence of Islam.
The biology of peace and war : men, animals, and aggression
World problems in the classroom : a teacher's guide to some United Nations tasks
Feminist perspectives on peace and peace education
Relations of Muslims and non-Muslims
International yearbook for research in arts education, Volume 2 (2014)
"For the peace from above" : an Orthodox resource book on war, peace and nationalism
The world is facing inhumane and barbaric acts of terrorism which is destroying the peace and has become a major threat to world peace. The Islamic curriculum on peace and counter-terrorism provides resources from the Holy Qur'an, Hadith and authoritative books to provide a comprehensive ideological and theological counter narratives.
Education as a means to world peace : the case of the 1974 UNESCO Recommendation
The meeting of civilizations : conflict or dialogue?
Unesco Conference on Intercultural Education : 15-18 June 2003 Jyväskylä, Finland : teaching and learning for intercultural understanding, human rights and a culture of peace : programme  and abstracts
Turbulent times, prophetic dreams : art from Israeli and Palestinian children
Wake up : a peace reader
Educating for global responsibility : teacher-designed curricula for peace education, K-12
Conversations on education for peace
Cultures of peace: from words to deeds : the Espoo seminar proceedings 13-14 June 2003
The promise of integrated multicultural and bilingual education : inclusive Palestinian-Arab and Jewish schools in Israel : what happens to children when adults find solutions to problems they do not have
Education for peace
Educating toward a culture of peace
To live together : shaping new attitudes to peace through education
The power to define the curriculum
Education for peace : ten voices from the United States
Education beyond fatalism and hate
The world is facing a great dilemma due to despicable, inhumane and barbaric acts of terrorism, indiscriminate killings, warfare, anarchy, disorder and suicide bombings over the past two decades. It is not only destroying the peace of any specific region, group or country but has become a major threat to world peace. Young People and Students living in various western countries who do not have conceptual clarity regarding Islam are wrongly considering terrorism and indiscriminate killing to be Jihad and are being drawn towards it. By quoting the Qur'an, hadith and texts from the books of Islamic Law out of context, they influence common Muslims who are not acquainted with the true teachings of Islam, especially youngsters. There is a need to provide authentic, comprehensive material against extremism to all people, from every walk of life, according to their needs, so that the conceptual and ideological confusions which may lead to terrorism can be eliminated. The  Islamic curriculum on peace and counter-terrorism was prepared for this purpose.
Most dangerous women : bringing history to life through readers̕ theater
Violence prevention and conflict resolution : a study of peace education in grades 4-6
Conflict resolution and peace building : the role of NGOs in historical reconciliation and territorial issues
Islam on love and non-violence
Educating for peace in a time of "permanent war": are schools part of the solution or the problem?
Strenghtening the readiness to create a better future : a conversation on disarmament, ethics, propaganda, utopias, and the school
Peace/war issues from a psychological perspective : a selective bibliography
Encyclopedia of Violence, Peace, & Conflict
Peace education
How children understand war and peace : a call for international peace education
Children and war : proceedings of symposium at Siuntio Baths, Finland 24.3.-27.3.1983
Unesco Conference on Intercultural Education : 15-18 June 2003 Jyväskylä, Finland : conference proceedings
Letters to future generations
Educating for a peaceful future
Peace education : the concept, principles, and practices around the world
Islamic curriculum on peace and counter terrorism : for clerics, imams and teachers
This book focuses on dealing with questions and concerns regarding long-term and sustainable peaceful relations between Muslims and non-Muslims, in both Muslim majority countries and also western countries where Muslims live as minorities. Dr Muhammad Tahir-ul-Qadri provides evidences and nuanced interpretations of the concepts 'The Abode of Islam, The Abode of Reconciliation, The Abode of Treaty, The Abode of Peace, and The Abode of War.' Clear definitions of these categories are offered, along with how different countries can and cannot be classified in each of these categories.
Non-violence in peace & war
Education of minorities and peace education in pluralistic societies
Education for international understanding, co-operation and peace and education relating to human rights and fundamental freedoms through the teaching of ethical and humanistic values
International symposium on disarmament education : Hiroshima, 25-29 October 1982 : report
Nonkilling linguistics : practical applications
European psychologists for peace : proceedings of the Congress of European Psychologists for Peace, Helsinki, August 8-10, 1986.
Education, conflict and reconciliation : international perspectives
Problems for democracy
Cultural and structural violence in education : reflections based on Johan Galtung's theories of violence
Education with global perspectives, human rights education, and peace education / Lärarhögskolan. 1989.
If you love this planet
Building on earlier discourse, the current yearbook volume continues to focus on questions of research in the field of cultural and arts education from a global perspective. This year's volume opens with a review of important contributions to the World Summit in Arts Education held in Wildbad Kreuth, Germany in 2013. It continues with the topics of evaluation, mapping and monitoring introduced in the first volume. Theoretical and practical applications of the key foundations of work in the International Network for Research in Arts Education (INRAE) are also explored at length. Most notably, new approaches aimed at linking arts education to peace education and the application of these approaches to education for sustainable development (ESD) are introduced and explored.
From international understanding to peace education and world order studies
World congress on disarmament education : Paris, 9-13 June 1980 : report anf final document
Continuing challenges to human rights and peace
The Development of the Peace and Peace education concepts through three UN Women Decade Conferences
"The Promise of Integrated and Multicultural Bilingual Education presents the results of a long-term ethnographic study of integrated bilingual Palestinian-Jewish schools in Israel that offer a new educational option to two groups of Israelis--Palestinians and Jews--who have been in conflict for the last one hundred years"--
Transforming education for peace
"The Promise of Integrated and Multicultural Bilingual Education presents the results of a long-term ethnographic study of the integrated bilingual Palestinian-Jewish schools in Israel that offer a new educational option to two groups of Israelis--Palestinians and Jews--who have been in conflict for the last one hundred years. Their goal is to create egalitarian bilingual multicultural environments to facilitate the growth of youth who can acknowledge and respect "others" while maintaining loyalty to their respective cultural traditions. In this book, Bekerman reveals the complex school practices implemented while negotiating identity and culture in contexts of enduring conflict. Data gathered from interviews with teachers, students, parents, and state officials are presented and analyzed to explore the potential and limitations of peace education given the cultural resources, ethnic-religious affiliations, political beliefs, and historical narratives of the various interactants. The book concludes with critique of Western positivist paradigmatic perspectives that currently guide peace education, maintaining that one of the primary weaknesses of current bilingual and multicultural approaches to peace education is their failure to account for the primacy of the political framework of the nation state and the psychologized educational perspectives that guide their educational work. Change, it is argued, will only occur after these perspectives are abandoned, which entails critically reviewing present understandings of the individual, of identity and culture, and of the learning process"--
The conquerors
Educating for peace : a feminist perspective
Enemy images and peace education
Peace education in different countries
Peace education in Finnish scientific literature
Perspectives on peace education : interviews with experts from fourteen countries
Cities, nationalism, and democratization
Peace museums: for peace education?
Conflict resolution and peace education : transformations across disciplines
Reconciliation?! : training handbook for dealing with the past
Peace education : perspectives from Brazil and India
Nonkilling speaks both to the goal of preserving the physical lives of individuals, communities, other species, the environment as well as the more metaphorical but also extremely important survival of languages, cultures, histories (oral and written), literary manifestations, etc. The list is vast and varied, and the good news is that a nonkilling mentality can be applied to all these realms and lives. This volume helps us start exploring the potential of the nonkilling paradigm when it comes to language use, education and legislation. As many are aware, language permeates most facets of human experience: we use different forms of language and literacy to establish contact with one another, to communicate our thoughts and feelings, to make sense of the world around us, and ultimately to realize our destiny as social beings.
Childrens campaign for nuclear disarmament
Training of nonviolence in non-formal youth education
Peace, integration & human rights
Learning to live together : building skills, values and attitudes for the twenty-first century
Education for international co-operation and peace at the primary-school level
The "didactic locus" of peace education: extra-curricular, mono-curricular, cross-curricular or trans-curricular approaches : with interview illustrations on the possible contributions of different school subjects
Social-psychological aspects of peace education : with a focus on interactive problem solving, redefining security, and fostering personal responsibility
Significance of peace art to peace education : seminar in Hanasaari, Espoo, Finland 8-10.8.2002
Educating preschool children for shared responsibility and peace : notes from a peace education project in Finland
"What is the meaning of peace, why should we study it, and how should we achieve it? Although there are an increasing number of manuscripts, curricula and initiatives that grapple with some strand of peace education, there is, nonetheless, a dearth of critical, cross-disciplinary, international projects/books that examine peace education in conjunction with war and conflict. Within this volume, the authors contend that war/military conflict/violence are not a nebulous, far-away, mysterious venture; rather, they argue that we are all, collectively, involved in perpetrating and perpetuating militarization/conflict/violence inside and outside of our own social circles. Therefore, education about and against war can be as liberating as it is necessary. If war equates killing, can our schools avoid engaging in the examination of what war is all about? If education is not about peace, then is it about war? Can a society have education that willfully avoids considering peace as its central objective? Can a democracy exist if pivotal notions of war and peace are not understood, practiced, advocated and ensconced in public debate? These questions, according to Carr and Porfilio and the contributors they have assembled, merit a critical and extensive reflection. This book seeks to provide a range of epistemological, policy, pedagogical, curriculum and institutional analyses aimed at facilitating meaningful engagement toward a more robust and critical examination of the role that schools play (and can play) in framing war, militarization and armed conflict and, significantly, the connection to peace"-- Provided by publisher.
What are the connections between men and masculinity on the one hand and peaceand war on the other? What are the best ways to change the traditional perception ofmasculinity to make it more favourable to peace? In what ways can we best educateboys and young men to embrace the spirit of a culture of peace? How shouldpeace-building strategies handle questions of masculinities? These are crucialquestions that have, until now, rarely been tackled. The chapters in this book take as a point of departure the expert group meetingentitled 'Male Roles and Masculinities in the Perspective of a Culture of Peace', whichwas organized by UNESCO in Oslo, Norway in 1997. The objective of the meetingwas to pool the talents and energies of experts in this field to formulate practicalsuggestions for change from the deep-rooted patterns of the culture of war to agender-sensitive culture of peace. The chapters vary from regional case-studies from three continents to social-scientific research on the connections of traditional masculinity and patriarchyto violence and peace-building. The focus is on approaches that favour masculinepeace-building capabilities than those that dwell on destructive capacities. The Culture of Peace initiatives in this book show how violence is ineffective, and thebook contests the far-too-frequent views in the socialization of boy-children thataggressiveness, violence and force are an acceptable means of expression and couldcontribute to sustainable solutions to conflicts. These initiatives point towards an exciting gender-balanced, post-patriarchal society for the next millennium.
Tolerance - the threshold of peace. Unit 1, Teacher-training resource unit
Interviews with 10-year-old children on peace and the future
Educating youth for a world beyond violence : a pedagogy for peace
Reconciliation from an educational perspective: The Namibian case
Human rights education - education for a peaceful future : voices from Canada
Peace or violence : the ends of religion and education?
Miracles now : 108 life-changing tools for less stress, more flow, and finding your true purpose
PeaceJam : how young people can make peace in their schools and communities
Addressing ethnic conflict through peace education : international perspectives
Teaching for citizenship in Europe
At a time when armed conflict and violence are widespread, learning to live together represents an ever greater challenge to educators worldwide. People in all societies need to develop respect for human rights and accept the responsibilities of citizenship. One way of achieving this is through education and understanding. This book examines educational programmes focused on goals such as peace and conflict resolution, social cohesion, respect for human rights and humanitarian norms.
Ways of promoting a culture of peace : joint seminar 13-14 June 2003, Espoo, Finland
Peace education meets the challenge of the cultures of militarism
Peace education : a world perspective for the 1990s
Contributions to "Preparedness for peace" through schools
Reshaping the future : education and postconflict reconstruction
Peace-related education in schools - then and now
Male roles, masculinites and violence : a culture of peace perspective
European preparatory meeting for the Intergovernmental conference to promote the application of the recommendation on education for international understanding, co-operation and peace and education relating to human rights and fundamental freedoms with a view to developing an opinion favourable to the strengthening of security and disarmament, Hanasaari Cultural Centre, Espoo, Finland, March 8-11, 1982 : final report of a meeting of experts of European national commissions for Unesco = Réunion européenne préparatoire pour la Conference intergouvernementale pour la promotion de l'application de la Recommandation sur l'éducation pour la compréhension, la coopération et la coopération et la paix internationales et l'éducation relative aux droits de l'homme et aux libertés foudamentales, en vue de développer un état d'esprit favorable au renforcement de la sécurité et au désarment. Centre Culturel de Hanasaari, Espoo, Finlande du 8 au 11 mars 1982 : rapport final de la réunion d'experts européens des commissions nationales pour l'Unesco
War and resistance : reaping the whirlwind
Peace education and religious plurality : international perspectives
Languages : ways towards peace = Langues : destination paix = Sprachen : Wege zum Frieden : an incentive for language teaching - for peace
Education for a culture of peace in a gender perspective
Teaching students to be peacemakers
Peace education : contexts and values
The art of living in peace : guide to education for a culture of peace
Peace education : past and present
Teaching for international understanding, peace, and human rights
Pro patria : about national defense education and what it could be in the Finnish school system
Betty A. Reardon : key texts in gender and peace
Education for peace in the nineties : a conference report (PEC/IPRA, Groningen, July 1990)
World concerns and the United Nations : model teaching units for primary, secondary and teacher education : based on the work of participants in the UN Fellowship Programme for Educators (1975-1981) and the UNESCO Associated Schools Project
The world is facing inhumane and barbaric acts of terrorism which is destroying the world peace. Angry, reactionary voices distort the peaceful message of Islam and present it as a violent ideology that calls for indiscriminate killings and suicidal terrorism. Such voices are denying the possibility of a harmonious coexistence between Muslims and non-Muslims. Under such circumstances there is an urgent need for the authentic voices of Islamic scholarship to reassert the normative, mainstream teachings of Islam. Voices backed by 1400 years of scholarship that represent the creed of the overwhelming majority of the Muslim World. The Islamic Curriculum on Peace and Counter-Terrorism aims to provide resources from the Holy Qur'an, Hadith and authoritative books to provide a comprehensive ideological and theological counter narrative. This timely collection consists of three lectures delivered by the world renowned authority, Shaykh-ul-Islam Dr. Tahir ul-Qadri who has published over 450 books and delivered over 5500 lectures to date.
Peace and education
Education and peace
Peace is the way : a guide to pacifist views and actions
Interspectives : a journal on transcultural and peace education
Post-Soviet reconstruction in Ukraine : education for social cohesion
