http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13417 political development
political development
Developments in British politics
Reflections on the challenge of reconstructing post-conflict states in West Africa : insights from Claude Ake's political writings
Preludes to the 1992 and 1997 elections in Kenya : reconciling reform within a chain of events
Disciplining democracy : development discourse and good governance in Africa
Perspectives in American history. Vol. 1
Southern Africa : the continuing crisis
Community and the economy : the theory of public co-operation
South Sudan : from revolution to independence
The making of the Tunisian revolution : contexts, architects, prospects
Role of the old and new institutional framework in combating the resource curse in Kazakhstan
The potential for the use of sustainable development indicators in policy-making in Finland
Namibia: political and economic prospects
Redefining the state in Latin America
Measuring democracy and human rights in Southern Africa
Politics, society and the economy in contemporary Poland : an introduction
Diamonds, dispossession & democracy in Botswana
Serbia, Croatia and Slovenia at peace and at war : selected writings, 1983-2007
Russia's decline and uncertain recovery
Turkey's political direction : authoritarianism, liberal democracy or dissolution?
Legitimating aid : donors and policy making in the rural water supply and sanitation sector in Nepal
British politics : continuities and change
China's deep reform : domestic politics in transition
In search of suitable political leadership : Japanese conservatives in occupation plans and policies 1942–1947
A modern history of Oman : formation of the state since 1920
Politics and economics of Central Asia
This Discussion Paper draws attention to the often overlooked aspects of the limits, poverty and contradictions embedded in the "unfinished business" of the Zimbabwe nation state project. It is located within the broader context of the crisis of the nation-state in an African continent increasingly buffeted by waves of globalisation. It also revisits the debate on whether postcolonial nationalism can completely avoid reproducing the racial and ethnic discrimination that characterised its colonial past. Zeroing in on Zimbabwe, the paper argues that the nation-state crisis has roots in the legacy of settler colonialism, the ethnic fragmentation that marked the history of the liberation movement and the character of the nationalist elite. Its critique of the politics of the nationalist and political elite, the Lancaster House Agreement, the National Democratic Revolution and the Global Political Agreement makes this paper an important contribution to the debates on the real legacy of the liberation struggle in Zimbabwe and the prospects for a common national identity based on nationalism, social justice, inclusive democracy and development in the country.
Women in South African politics : rural Shangaan women in focus
Russian Federation 2013 : short-term prognosis
This highly unique book takes a fundamental look at when and how a government can fail at its core responsibility of formulating rules. Government, representing society, relates to the economy by formulating the rules within which (market) players should operate. Although market and business failure are much discussed in the economics literature, government failure is often overlooked. This book addresses this gap, exploring in detail what constitutes government failure. Wilfred Dolfsma illustrates that it is not adequate to discuss government failure simply with reference to its level of expenditure, as is usually the case. Defining government failure and analysing it in the domains of health care, innovation and technology, he explores topics such as how market and society relate, consequences of conflicts between government policies, how government should (not) intervene, the vulnerability of institutions and rules (set out by government), and suggests a welfare perspective for evaluative purposes. This stimulating and thought provoking book will prove a fascinating read for academics, researchers and advanced students in economics - particularly public choice and institutional economics - public administration, policy studies, and law and economics.
Fault-lines in South African democracy : continuing crises of inequality and injustice
Politics of development in the Barents region
A new Russia?
International relations of the Middle East
The Cyprus enigma : a brief introduction to the Cyprus problem
Japan and Germany as regional actors : evaluating change and continuity after the Cold War
Contemporary Latin America : development and democracy beyond the Washington consensus
Land, power and technology : essays on political economy and historical development
The Eastern zone and Soviet policy in Germany 1945-50
Government and politics in Africa
Brand aid : shopping well to save the world
Socialism in Tanzania : an interdisciplinary reader. Vol. 1, Politics
Natural resource governance and EITI implementation in Nigeria
Subaltern studies. 4 : writings on South Asian history and society
Ethnicity, state power and the democratisation process in Uganda
Iran-Europe relations : challenges and opportunities
30 years of China's reform : through Chinese and international scholars' eyes
China's peaceful evolution : a view from Taiwan
Chile : the state and revolution
Bangladesh at 25 : an analytical discourse on development
What did the 2006 military coup show us? It demonstrated that the crux of the Thai crisis is far more serious and much wider in scope than had previously been thought. The monarchy is surely not a victim in the protracted conflict, but the root cause and continuing factor that has eroded Thai politics. The coup set in motion more prejudicial uses of the lèse-majesté law, and in the process, has led to more political prisoners. It has also shredded the military into several segments, turning generals into desperate royalists who continue to live off the monarchy in order to survive. Issues of violence in the Thai south and the Thai-Cambodian dispute became greatly intensified in the age of militarised politics. The coup also produced unique colour-coded politics and created crises of legitamacy. This book is a collection of essays that reflect developments in Thai politics in the post-coup period.
Contemporary Spanish politics
Stability in the Persian Gulf : regional and transatlantic perspectives : 132nd Bergedorf Round Table, December 2nd-4th, 2005, Dubai
"The Russian question" at the end of the twentieth century
Taiwan in the 21st century : aspects and limitations of a development model
Double standard : social policy in Europe and the United States
The Koreas : a global studies handbook
After the empire : the breakdown of the American order
Africa today : culture, economics, religion, security
Government failure : society, markets and rules
Russian politics today : the return of a tradition
Diplomacy. Vol. 3, Problems and issues in contemporary diplomacy
Debating Europe : the 2009 European Parliament elections and beyond
The subtle Spanish revolution : new parties change the game, but does Catalonia still want to play?
Devolution in Britain today
Political development in Pakistan
Aspects of political development : an analytic study
Guinea-Bissau : war, reconstruction and reform
Russian politics : the paradox of a weak state
Beyond the stable state
The foreign policy of Russia : changing systems, enduring interests
This paper analyses the notion of self-determination and secession by adopting acomparative perspective on two case studies, namely Somaliland and South Sudan. Somaliland declared its independence in 1991 following the collapse of the Somali state. Since then, Somaliland has been making relentless efforts to secure recognition from the international community. South Sudan successfully negotiated the right to exerciseself-determination, a right that was formalised in the Comprehensive Peace Agreement (CPA) signed between the ruling National Congress Party (NCP) and the Sudan People's Liberation Movement (SPLM). The people of South Sudan held a referendum and voted overwhelmingly for secession, with formal independence being achieved on 9 July 2011. International law may better qualify Somaliland for statehood than South Sudan for three reasons: (i) it was created by colonialism, (ii) it has already been recognised, albeit only for a few days, as an independent state in 1960, and (iii) it has proven to be stable, functional and relatively democratic. Yet Somaliland has failed to achieve international recognition. This paper interrogates this discrepancy. It concludes that the existence of a partner ready to accept the right of self-determination, and geostrategic concerns about security as well a seconomic and political interests, determine international recognition.
Revolutionary Europe, 1789-1989 : liberty, equality, solidarity
Third-World political organizations : a review of developments
In their Natural Resource Governance and EITI Implementation in Nigeria, Musa Abutudu and Dauda Garuba provide the most up-to-date and in-depth analysis of the Nigerian Extractive Industries Transparency Initiative (NEITI), providing a balanced yet critical evaluation of its performance, limitations and potential as an institution for helping Africa's largest oil exporter to escape the so called resource curse and lay a firm basis for sustainable development. This Current African Issue contains valuable insights and information that will be of interest to all those with a keen interest in institutionalising transparency and accountability in natural resource governance in Africa.
CHILE : THE STATE AND REVOLUTION
Essays on emerging financial markets, political institutions and development differences
Indonesian Muslim intellectuals of the 20th century
Subaltern studies. 3 : writings on South Asian history and society
The German dilemma : the throes of political emancipation
Developments in Russian politics 8
Democracy and civil society in the Third World
Politics in Southeast Asia : democracy or less
Iran : time for a new approach : report of an independent task force sponsored by the Council on Foreign Relations
The determinants of the revolutionary disintegration of the state in Iran
The Transition Countries in Early 2000: Improved outlook for growth, but unemployment is still rising
Underdevelopment in Kenya : the political economy of neo-colonialism 1964-1971
State in India, Pakistan, Russia and Central Asia
The dilemmas of political development : an introduction to the politics of the developing areas
Mongolia : a guide to economic and political developments
Public partcipation and oil exploitation in Uganda
Afganistan’s uncertain future : fragmented realities and geopolitical fault lines
From Beirut to Jerusalem
New news out of Africa : uncovering Africa's Renaissance
Iron curtain : the crushing of Eastern Europe, 1945-1956
Inside the European consensus on development and trade : analysing the EU's normative power and policy coherence for development in global governance
No change on the horizon : Belarus after the 2015 presidential election
Russian Federation 2011 : short-term prognosis
Africa today - and tomorrow : an outline of basic facts and major problems
China Diary : 1988-2009
Territory, authority, rights : from medieval to global assemblages
Guide to the History of Post Soviet Russia
"Good coup" gone bad : Thailand's political developments since Thaksin's downfall
The African colonial state in comparative perspective
Self-determination and secessionism in Somaliland and South Sudan : challenges to postcolonial state-building
Evolution of ASEAN-Japan relations
Changing Russia? : history, culture and business
Russian Federation 2012 : short-term prognosis
One of the least-known states of post-Soviet Central Asia, Turkmenistan has remained isolated and underdeveloped despite its huge reserves of natural gas as well as substantial oil resources. This book is the first comprehensive introduction to contemporary Turkmenistan in English. Drawing on Russian and Western sources as well as fieldwork, it examines the political, social, economic, and geopolitical dimensions of contemporary Turkmenistan and its prospects for the future.
Sino-American relations : challenges ahead
Political instability, gender discrimination, and population growth in developing countries
Modern Kazakhstan : image and realities
Britain in Europe 1789-1914 : a survey of foreign policy
Politics and social forces in Chilean development
Don't mourn, Balkanize! : essays after Yugoslavia
Iran : a very short introduction
"The second volume of the bestselling landmark work on the history of the modern state  Writing in The Wall Street Journal, David Gress called Francis Fukuyama's Origins of Political Order "magisterial in its learning and admirably immodest in its ambition." In The New York Times Book Review, Michael Lind described the book as "a major achievement by one of the leading public intellectuals of our time." And in The Washington Post, Gerard DeGrott exclaimed "this is a book that will be remembered. Bring on volume two."   Volume two is finally here, completing the most important work of political thought in at least a generation. Taking up the essential question of how societies develop strong, impersonal, and accountable political institutions, Fukuyama follows the story from the French Revolution to the so-called Arab Spring and the deep dysfunctions of contemporary American politics. He examines the effects of corruption on governance, and why some societies have been successful at rooting it out. He explores the different legacies of colonialism in Latin America, Africa, and Asia, and offers a clear-eyed account of why some regions have thrived and developed more quickly than others. And he boldly reckons with the future of democracy in the face of a rising global middle class and entrenched political paralysis in the West.  A sweeping, masterful account of the struggle to create a well-functioning modern state, Political Order and Political Decay is destined to be a classic"--
Different meanings of Palestinian nationalism : the politicisation of culture
The Zimbabwean nation-state project : a historical diagnosis of identity and power-based conflicts in a postcolonial state
Political order and political decay : from the industrial revolution to the globalization of democracy
African conflicts, development and regional organisations in the post-Cold War international system : the annual Claude Ake memorial lecture : Uppsala, Sweden 30 January 2014
When the state falls : studies on intervention in the Sierra Leone civil war
Arabia without sultans
Encountering the changing Barents : research challenges and opportunities
This Discussion Paper is based on a theoretical exploration of state reconstruction and the prospects for peacebuilding in post-conflict West African countries based on critical reflections on the political thought of Claude Ake, one of Nigeria's foremost political thinkers. Its point of departure is the refutation of the view that the state project in Africa is 'hopeless' or at a dead-end. It therefore revisits the debate on the viability of the state project in the continent, particularly as it relates to those West African states emerging from or affected by violent conflict. While acknowledging the shortcomings of the state-formation project in some post conflict West African countries, the author argues that the state remains a key institutional and social actor that needs to be understood more in terms of its historical moorings, political economy and marginal position in the international order. Drawing on Ake's postulations about the limited autonomy of the state in Africa and its links to political violence and conflict, the author critiques both the hegemonic discourses on the nature of the state in Africa and those relating to post-conflict peacebuilding in the continent. The analysis of the latter focuses on the epistemological groundings of mainstream peacebuilding discourses, and posits that there is no guarantee that such imported models ensure sustainable peace in West Africa. Thus, the paper makes a compelling case for reinventing the state in West Africa based on autochthonous democratic transformation in favour of ordinary people. In this regard, it argues for an endogenous transformation of the state in Africa in ways that can strongly root it in the people as a fundamental step towards sustainable and locally owned participatory peacebuilding. It thereby opens up a new perspective on state reconstruction as a step towards ending violent conflict in the sub-region.
African agriculture : the next 25 years. Socio-economic and political dimensions
A declining technocratic regime : bureaucracy, political parties and interest groups in Japan, 1950-2000
American futures : political and economic trends and prospects : papers presented to a conference at the Swedish institute of international affairs on June 16-18, 1983
Biodiversity and poverty : ten frequently asked questions - ten policy implications
The political system of Chile
Turkmenistan : strategies of power, dilemmas of development
Political godfathers in Nigeria : a study of Anambra State, 1999-2006
Socialism in Tanzania : an interdisciplinary reader. Vol. 2, Policies
The strategic triangle : France, Germany, and the United States in the shaping of the new Europe
Lebanon : current issues and background
Can Africa survive? : arguments against growth without development
Separated at birth : how North Korea became the evil twin
North Korean communism : a comparative analysis
The Benelux nations : the politics of small-country democravies
