http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13469 social scientists
social scientists
The emergence of intangible capital : human, social, and intellectual capital in nineteenth century British, French, and German economic thought
The complete social scientist : a Kurt Lewin reader
Robert K. Merton : sociology of science and sociology as science
Antonio Gramsci : critical assessments of leading political philosophers. Vol. 2, Marxism, philosophy and politics
Models of my life
Talcott Parsons
The Voyage of the Beagle
How does social science work? : reflections on practice
The essential writings of Thorstein Veblen
Social scientists on environmental policy
Adventures of a bystander
Worldly philosopher : the odyssey of Albert O. Hirschman
Summary.
Social theory : the multicultural and classic readings
The Sociology of Max Weber
Anthony Giddens : critical assessments. Vol. 1
Max Weber : politics and the spirit of tragedy. John Patrick Diggins
Alexis de Tocqueville : the first social scientist
James S. Coleman
Social scientists meet the media
Social theory : the multicultural, global, and classic readings
The history of the social sciences in Finland 1828-1918
The Blackwell companion to major social theorists
Key thinkers in critical communication scholarship : from the pioneers to the next generation
Anthony Giddens : critical assessments. Vol. 3
Ernest Gellner : an intellectual biography
Antonio Gramsci : critical assessments of leading political philosophers. Vol. 1, Intellectual and political context
The legacy of Friedrich von Hayek
The science of society : toward an understanding of the life and work of Karl August Wittfogel
Immigration research for a new century : multidisciplinary perspectives
How economics forgot history : the problem of historical specificity in social science
Light from the ashes : social science careers of young Holocaust refugees and survivors
Anthony Giddens : critical assessments. Vol. 2
Crossing boundaries : selected writings
The Blackwell companion to major contemporary social theorists
Endless crusade : women social scientists and progressive reform
The Gumilev mystique : biopolitics, Eurasianism, and the construction of community in modern Russia
The return of grand theory in the human sciences
The calling of sociology : early Talcott Parsons and the construction of a disciplinary ship
Big ideas in social science
Antonio Gramsci : critical assessments of leading political philosophers. Vol. 3, Intellectuals, culture and the party
Conspicuous criticism : tradition, the individual, and culture in American social thought, from Veblen to Mills
English abstract: Academic career paths : the early career phases of generalists in the fields of humanities, social science and education in the 1980's and 1990's
Anthony Giddens : critical assessments. Vol. 4
The complete correspondence 1928-1940
Social scientists and policy making in the USSR
The uneasy partnership : social science and the federal government in the twentieth century
Russian winter
The uncollected Baudrillard
Head above water
The A-Z guide to modern social and political theorists
Inside independent Nigeria : diaries of Wolfgang Stolper, 1960-1962
Only now is Alfred Russel Wallace beginning to get his long overdue recognition. In his own time he was acknowledged as joint author, with Darwin, of the theory of evolution by natural selection. Since then, the bright light shone on Darwin's achievements has cast Wallace into shadow. Alfred Russel Wallace: Explorer, Evolutionist, Public Intellectual shows how Wallace's independent discovery of natural selection was no mere flash of inspiration, but the outcome of many years of study and reflection on his extraordinary early life as a field naturalist in South America and the rain forests of the 'Malay Archipelago'. Surviving fever and insect bites on the Amazon, he was shipwrecked with the loss of most of his notes and collections on his return journey. Astonishingly, within two years he was preparing for his second major expedition, this time to South East Asia, and for a stay of eight challenging years. It was here that he made his great scientific breakthrough, and provoked Darwin into prompt publication of his origin. Wallace used his experience in the tropics as the basis for his next major achievement – a classic work that established biogeography as a scientific specialism of great importance for today's urgent challenge to protect the world's biodiversity. As if this were not enough, Wallace became a bold and controversial public figure, campaigning on such issues as compulsory vaccination, parliamentary reform, and the rights of workers and colonised peoples. he was for many years president of the Land Nationalisation Society, and an ardent critic of the injustices of 19th century capitalism. Later in his life he engaged with radical thinkers such as William Morris, Edward Bellamy, Henry George, Robert Blatchford and Ebeneza Howard in envisaging just and sustainable alternative social and economic futures. Alfred Russel Wallace: Explorer, Evolutionist, Public Intellectual gives a succinct account ofWallace's life, before going on to analyse in more detail the development of his ideas on natural selection, his disputes with Darwin on sexual selection and human evolution, and the development of his political ideas. In each topic, Benton brings the story up to date, and assesses Wallace's ideas in the light of today's thinking.
Stein Rokkan : statesman of the social sciences
Antonio Gramsci : critical assessments of leading political philosophers. Vol. 4, Contemporary applications
The rise of historical economics and social reform in Germany, 1864-1894
Adam Smith: optimist or pessimist? : a new problem concerning the teleological basis of commercial society
Gilberto Freyre : social theory in the tropics
Expository discourse : a genre-based approach to social science research texts
Social scientists, policy, and the state
The Cambridge companion to Adam Smith
Georg Lukács and his generation 1900-1918
The worldly philosophers : the lives, times and ideas of the great economic thinkers
Research ethics and integrity for social scientists : beyond regulatory compliance
Alfred Russel Wallace : explorer, evolutionist, public intellectual - a thinker for our own times?
Social theory : a guide to central thinkers
Respect in a world of inequality
The social science encyclopedia. Vol. 2, L-Z
Key contemporary social theorists
Noam Chomsky
The Blackwell companion to major classical social theorists
Stretching the scope of economics - on the nature and impact of Gary S. Becker's economics imperialism
Worldly Philosopher chronicles the times and writings of Albert O. Hirschman, one of the twentieth century's most original and provocative thinkers. In this gripping biography, Jeremy Adelman tells the story of a man shaped by modern horrors and hopes, a worldly intellectual who fought for and wrote in defense of the values of tolerance and change. Born in Berlin in 1915, Hirschman grew up amid the promise and turmoil of the Weimar era, but fled Germany when the Nazis seized power in 1933. Amid hardship and personal tragedy, he volunteered to fight against the fascists in Spain and helped many of Europe's leading artists and intellectuals escape to America after France fell to Hitler. His intellectual career led him to Paris, London, and Trieste, and to academic appointments at Columbia, Harvard, and the Institute for Advanced Study in Princeton. He was an influential adviser to governments in the United States, Latin America, and Europe, as well as major foundations and the World Bank. Along the way, he wrote some of the most innovative and important books in economics, the social sciences, and the history of ideas. Throughout, he remained committed to his belief that reform is possible, even in the darkest of times. This is the first major account of Hirschman's remarkable life, and a tale of the twentieth century as seen through the story of an astute and passionate observer. Adelman's riveting narrative traces how Hirschman's personal experiences shaped his unique intellectual perspective, and how his enduring legacy is one of hope, open-mindedness, and practical idealism.
The dismal science : how thinking like an economist undermines community
On Walter Benjamin : critical essays and recollections
Social science and the self : personal essays on an art form
Classical social theory : [an introduction to the thought of Marx, Weber, Durkheim, and Simmel]
The founding fathers of social science
Public relations and social theory : key figures and concepts
The social scientist in American industry
A propensity to self-subversion
Ernest Gellner (1925-95) was a multilingual polymath and a public intellectual who set the agenda in the study of nationalism and the sociology of Islam. Having grown up in Paris, Prague , and England, he was one of the last great Jewish thinkers from Central Europe to experience directly the impact of the Holocaust. His intellectual trajectory differed from that of similar thinkers, both in producing a highly integrated philosophy of modernity and in combining a respect for nationalism with an appreciation of the power of modern science. Gellner was a fierce opponent, in private as well as in public, of such contemporaries as Michael Oakeshott, Isaiah Berlin , Charles Taylor, Noam Chomsky and Edward Said. As this definitive biography shows, he was passionate in the defence of reason against every form of relativism - a battle that his intellectual inheritors continue to this day.
