http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13478 decision theory
decision theory
Decision forests for computer vision and medical image analysis
Game theoretic analysis of voting in committees
Business mathematics & statistics
Utility theory for decision making
Introduction to operations research
Analysis of decisions under uncertainty
Data, models, and decisions : the fundamentals of management science
Bayesian networks : an introduction
Collected papers. Vol. 2
Forty years ago, Israeli psychologists Daniel Kahneman and Amos Tversky wrote a series of studies undoing our assumptions about the decision-making process. Their papers showed the ways in which the human mind erred, systematically, when forced to make judgments in uncertain situations. Their work created the field of behavioral economics, revolutionized Big Data studies, advanced evidence-based medicine, led to a new approach to government regulation, and made much of Michael Lewis's own work possible. Kahneman and Tversky are more responsible than anybody for the powerful trend to mistrust human intuition and defer to algorithms. The Undoing Project is about a collaboration between two men who became heroes in the university and on the battlefield -- both had important careers in the Israeli military -- and whose research was deeply linked to their extraordinary life experiences. Amos Tversky was a brilliant, self-confident warrior and extrovert, the center of rapt attention in any room; Kahneman, a fugitive from the Nazis in his childhood, was an introvert whose questing self-doubt was the seedbed of his ideas. They worked together so closely that they couldn't remember whose brain originated which ideas, or who should claim credit. They flipped a coin to decide the lead authorship on the first paper they wrote, and simply alternated thereafter. This story about the workings of the human mind is explored through the personalities of two fascinating individuals so fundamentally different from each other that they seem unlikely friends or colleagues. In the process they may well have changed, for good, mankind's view of its own mind.
Theory of voting
Incentive strategies and bargaining solutions for dynamic decision problems
Handbook of bioenergy : bioenergy supply chain - models and applications
Cooperation and we-mode preferences in multi-agent systems
Decision procedures : an algorithmic point of view
The undoing project : a friendship that changed our minds
Goal programming for decision analysis
Applied choice analysis : a primer
Decision making : selected readings
Strategy and choice
Dynamic programming and optimal control. Vol. 1
"Classical decision theory evaluates entire worlds, specified so as to include everything a decision-maker cares about. Thus applying decision theory requires performing computations far beyond an ordinary decision-maker's ability. In this book Paul Weirich explains how individuals can simplify and streamline their choices. He shows how different "parts" of options (intrinsic, temporal, spatiotemporal, causal) are separable, so that we can know what difference one part makes to the value of an option, regardless of what happens in the other parts"--
Quantitative decision making for business
Super crunchers : how anything can be predicted
Elementary decision theory
Markov decision processes : discrete stochastic dynamic programming
On closed-loop epsilon strategies for differential games
Data analysis in forensic science : a Bayesian decision perspective
Equilibrium and rationality : game theory revised by decision rules
Uncertainty and business decisions : a symposium on the logic, philosophy and psychology of business decision-making under uncertainty
Competitive Markov decision processes
Introduction to applied optimization
Statistics : probability, inference, and decision. 1
Game theory : an introduction
Modelling dependent uncertainties by multivariate Gaussian distributions in SMAA
Decision science and applications : proceedings book from the first Noon-to-Noon Seminar 12-13.12.1995
Bayesian survival analysis
Bayesian nonparametrics
Theory of rational decision-making and its applications to adaptive transmission
Unified theory of voting : directional and proximity spatial models
Inference, method and decision : towards a Bayesian philosophy of science
Toward a mathematics of politics
Estimation in semiparametric models : some recent developments
Loss aversion in SMAA
Game theory and the law
Decision theory and rationality
Axioms of cooperative decision making
"The book is a wide-ranging exploration of standard theories of choice and belief under risk and uncertainty. Ken Binmore discusses the various philosophical attitudes related to the nature of probability and offers resolutions to paradoxes believed to hinder further progress. In arguing that the Bayesian approach to knowledge is inadequate in a large world, Binmore proposes an extension to Bayesian decision theory - allowing the idea of a mixed strategy in game theory to be expanded to a larger set of what Binmore refers to as "muddled" strategies."--BOOK JACKET.
Man as a moral agent in Aristotle
Epistemic game theory : reasoning and choice
An introduction to modern Bayesian econometrics
The logic of decision
Decision theory and social ethics : issues in social choice
Institution design and the preference ranking assumption
The classical decision problem
This handbook brings together recent advances in the areas of supply chain optimization, supply chain management, and life-cycle cost analysis of bioenergy. These topics are important for the development and long-term sustainability of the bioenergy industry. The increasing interest in bioenergy has been motivated by its potential to become a key future energy source. The opportunities and challenges that this industry has been facing have been the motivation for a number of optimization-related works on bioenergy. Practitioners and academicians agree that the two major barriers of further investments in this industry are biomass supply uncertainty and costs. The goal of this handbook is to present several cutting-edge developments and tools to help the industry overcome these supply chain and economic challenges. Case studies highlighting the problems faced by investors in the US and Europe illustrate the impact of certain tools in making bioenergy an economically viable energy option.
Uncertainty and risk : mental, formal, experimental representations
Dynamic programming and optimal control. Vol. 2
Choices : an introduction to decision theory
Discrete-time Markov jump linear systems
Qualitative choice analysis : theory, econometrics, and an application to automobile demand
Combinatorial decision theory with applications in hacker warfare modelling : technical report : (preprints)
Beyond politics : the roots of government failure
A normative approach to possibility theory and soft decision support
How to predict the unpredictable : the art of outsmarting almost everyone
Quantitative methods for accounting and business studies
Scientific method : optimizing applied research decisions
Portfolio efficiency of the Capital Asset Pricing Model based on Kalman filtered beta estimates
Prediction : how to see and shape the future with game theory
Conflict of interest : a theory of divergent goals with applications to politics
Proceedings of the Second Noon2nooN Seminar on Decision Science and Applications
Making choices : a recasting of decision theory
Applied statistical decision theory
Rational choice and revealed preference : a fuzzy approach
Philosophical papers. Vol. 2
Bayesian decision problems and Markov chains
Technology investment : a game theoretic real options approach
Decision theory as philosophy
Multicriteria decision analysis project on environmental problems
Five essays on equilibrium selection in evolutionary games
Morality, decision and social organization : toward a logic of ethics
Negotiation analysis : the science and art of collaborative decision making
Decision and value theory
Probability models for economic decisions
Management science : an introduction to modern quantitative analysis and decision making
G. W. Leibniz' theory of rational decision-making and reunion of the churches
Acceptability analysis for multicriteria problems with multiple decision-makers
Decision making under uncertainity : the case of state-dependent preferences
The handbook of rational and social choice : an overview of new foundations and applications
Quantitative analysis for business decisions
Foundations of decision theory : issues and advances
Credit scoring and its applications
An evolutionary approach to solving linear decision models
Decision theory and incomplete knowledge
Elementary business statistics : the modern approach
Decision support for forest management
Decision analysis : introductory lectures on choices under uncertainty
Bayesian methods for data analysis
Collected papers. Vol. 1
Introduction to the theory of cooperative games
Utility maximization, choice and preference
Games and decisions : introduction and critical survey
Proceedings of 8th Italian-Polish Symposium on Systems analysis and decision support in economics and technology : September 26-29, 1989 Levico Terme (Trento), Italy
The theory of committees and elections
Applied statistics in decision-making
Handbook of defesiable reasoning and uncertainty management systems. Volume 1, Quantified representation of uncertainty and imprecision
A primer in social choice theory
Group decision theory
A bayesian theory of games : iterative conjectures and determination of equilibrium
Acquiring binary preference information for multiple criteria decision models
Betting on theories
Decision processes in economics : proceedings of the VI Italian conference on game theory held in Modena, Italy, October 9-10, 1989
Decision making in complex environments
Patents and strategic firm behavior
Decision theory : an introduction to the mathematics of rationality
Behavioural decision theory : an introduction
Ambiguity and logic
Team theory
Dynamic programming
This book offers a self-contained introduction to the theory and applications of Bayesian Networks. Bayesian networks are a topic of interest and importance for statisticians, computer scientists and those involved in modelling and the learning of complex data sets. The material included in this introductory guide has been extensively tested in classroom teaching and assumes a basic knowledge of probability and statistics course and basic mathematics. All notions are explained carefully with an extensive set of exercises throughout the book as well as computer exercises. A solutions manual is also provided online.
Mathematics of decision theory
Modeling data irregularities and structural complexities in data envelopment analysis
Elements of decision theory
The improbability principle : why incredibly unlikely things keep happening
Games and decision making
Foundations of Bayesianism
Game theory and public policy
Models of decision-making : simplifying choices
Descriptive and prescriptive modelling of preferences within a discrete alternative multiple criteria decision framework
Games, strategies, and decision making
Simultaneous equations : a Bayesian approach
Principia mathematica decernendi : mathematical principles of decision making, generalization of the analytic network process to neural firing and synthesis
Papers in ethics and social philosophy
