http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13415 Local Government Act
Local Government Act
The law of the sea : documents 1983 - 1989. Vol. 4, Plenary, Special Commission 1
Between the norm and the exception : the Frankfurt School and the rule of law
An introduction to law
Problems at the roots of law : essays in legal and political theory
The quest for constitutionalism in Africa : selected essays on constitutionalism, the nationality problem, military rule and party politics
Confucianism, law, and democracy in contemporary Korea
A history of European law
Social struggles in archaic Rome : new perspectives on the conflict of the orders
Access to legal education and the legal profession
The constitution of liberty
Law and morals : Warnock, Gillick and beyond
The Theodosian code : studies in the imperial law of late antiquity
Russia's factory children : state, society, and law, 1800-1917
The American political process
Women, crime, and punishment in ancient law and society. Vol. 2, Ancient Greece
Law and state in Papua New Guinea
Nomos : essays in Athenian law, politics and society
An outline of American government
The anthropology of ancient Greece
The Theodosian code and Novels, and the Sirmondian Constitutions
The Finnish Local Government Act
The law of the sea : documents 1983 - 1989. Vol. 10, Press releases 1988 - 1989
Improving EU scrutiny : report of the Committee to Assess EU Scrutiny Procedures
Lawyers and justice
Producer responsibility and supplementary transport of municipal packaging waste : case: Päijät-Häme waste management region
The International Law Commission
The long divergence : how Islamic law held back the Middle East
Constitution Act of Finland ; Parliament Act ; Procedure of Parliament
Cordery's Law relating to solicitors
A collection of original essays developing a Confucian political and legal theory, focusing on South Korea, traditionally the most Confucian East Asian country in its legal, political, and cultural practices.
The Finnish local government act - an assessment of its application and effects
"Covering the earliest Sanskrit rulebooks through to the codification of 'Hindu law' in modern times, this interdisciplinary volume examines the interactions between Hinduism and the law. The authors present the major transformations to India's legal system in both the colonial and post colonial periods and their relation to recent changes in Hinduism. Thematic studies show how law and Hinduism relate and interact in areas such as ritual, logic, politics, and literature, offering a broad coverage of South Asia's contributions to religion and law at the intersection of society, politics and culture. In doing so, the authors build on previous treatments of Hindu law as a purely text-based tradition, and in the process, provide a fascinating account of an often neglected social and political history"--Provided by publisher.
Towards responsible mining in Central Asia : mining legislation and corporate social responsibility in the Kyrgyz Republic and Tajikistan
The constitutional underclass : gays, lesbians, and the failure of class-based equal protection
Surviving the Mongols : Nizārī Quhistānī and the continuity of Ismaili tradition in Persia
The law of the sea : documents 1983 - 1989. Vol. 1, General Committee : Plenary
This book explores the development of law in Europe from its medieval origins to the present day, charting the transformation from law rooted in the Church and local community towards a recognition of the centralised, secular authority of the state.: Shows how these changes reflect the wider political, economic, and cultural developments within European history; Demonstrates the diversity of traditions between European states and the possibilities and limitations in the search for common European values and goals.
A dialogue between a philosopher and a student of the common laws of England
Niklas Luhmann : law, justice, society
Nations in transition : constitutional development and human rights in Russia, Belarus and Ukraine
The history of the decline and fall of the Roman empire. Volume 5, Justinian and the Roman law
The nature of social laws : Machiavelli to Mill
The law of the sea : documents 1983 - 1989. Vol. 11, Documents available in 1990
Judicial independence: the contemporary debate
Law, society, justice
The law of the sea : documents 1983 - 1989. Vol. 2, Plenary
Dark speech : the performance of law in early Ireland
Law, politics and society in the ancient Mediterranean world
Checks and balances between the General Assembly, the security council and the International Court of Justice as they emerge from the case law of the court
New frontiers : law and society in the Roman world
Hinduism and law : an introduction
The law of the sea : documents 1983 - 1989. Vol. 3, Plenary
The ecclesiastical edicts of the Theodosian code
When the Supreme Court struck down Colorado's Amendment 2 - which would have nullified all state and local laws protecting gays and lesbians from discrimination - it was widely regarded as a victory for gay rights. Yet many gays and lesbians still risk losing their jobs, custody of their children, and even their liberty under the law. Using the Colorado initiative as his focus, Gerstmann untangles the complex standards and subtle rhetoric the Supreme Court uses to apply the equal protection clause. The Court divides people into legal classes that receive varying levels of protection; gays and lesbians and other groups, such as the elderly and the poor, receive the least. Gerstmann reveals how these standards are used to favor certain groups over others, and also how Amendment 2 advocates used the Court's doctrine to convince voters that gays and lesbians were seeking "special rights" in Colorado. Concluding with a call for wholesale reform of equal-protection jurisprudence, this book is essential reading for anyone interested in fair, coherent, and truly equal protection under the law.
An experimental comparison of statistical and case history methods of attitude research
Law and life of Rome
Philosophy, morality, and international affairs : essays edited for the Society for Philosophy and Public Affairs
Who is included in Sweden's judicial and legal elite?
Law, language, and empire in the Roman tradition
Law and economics : an introductory analysis
The laws of the Roman people : public law in the expansion and decline of the Roman republic
Faculty of law. University of Tartu
The law of the sea : documents 1983 - 1989. Vol. 5, Special Commission 1, Special Commission 2
"Creative legal thinking" and the evolution of international refugee law
Lawyers, courts and professionalism : the agenda for reform
The law of the sea : documents 1983 - 1989. Vol. 7, Special Commission 4
The rule of law in Central Europe : the reconstruction of legality, constitutionalism and civil society in the post-communist countries
The law of the sea : documents 1983 - 1989. Vol. 6, Special Commission 2, Special Commission 3
"This volume explores the form and function of constitutions in countries without the fully articulated institutions of limited government"--
The law of the sea : documents 1983 - 1989. Vol. 9, Press releases 1987 - 1988
Community law centres : a critical apprisal
The law of the sea : documents 1983 - 1989. Vol. 8, Press releases 1983 - 1986
Les forces armées dans une société en mutation quelques problémes juridiques : dixiéme congrés international Garmisch-Prtenkirchen (BRD) 2-7 Octobre 1985 = The armed forces in a changing society : some legal problemes : tenth international congress Garmisch-Partenkirchen (BRD) 2-7 October 1985.
"Comparative constitutional law is an intellectually vibrant field that encompasses an increasingly broad array of approaches and methodologies. This series collects analytically innovative and empirically grounded work from scholars of comparative constitutionalism across academic disciplines. Books in the series include theoretically informed studies of single constitutional jurisdictions, comparative studies of constitutional law and institutions, and edited collections of original essays that respond to challenging theoretical and empirical questions in the field"--
Law and social conflict
Law and religion in the Roman republic
The constitution of the Roman Republic
The courtyards of the house of the Lord : studies on the Temple scroll
Hobbes's Leviathan : interpretation and criticism
North Korea : a political handbook
Social structure and law : theoretical and empirical perspectives
Plain, honest men : the making of the American Constitution
Draft treaty establishing a Constitution for Europe : submitted to the European Council meeting in Thessaloniki : 20 June 2003
Patriarchy, property and death in the Roman family
International handbook of cooperative law
The teachings of modern Protestantism on law, politics, and human nature
The reason of rules : constitutional political economy
The Parliament of Finland : the voice of the people past, present and future
Making and applying law in Finland
The relationship between Roman and local law in the Babatha and Salome Komaise archives : general analysis and three case studies on law of succession, guardianship, and marriage
Constitutionalism in Finland : reality and perspectives
Continuity and development in law and society
The constitution of Finland
Constitutions in authoritarian regimes
Constitutional laws of Finland. Procedure of Parliament
National and regional parliaments in the European Constitutional Order
Impacts of state aid rules on the voluntary tasks of municipalities in support of local livelihood
General theory of law and state
