http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13476 game theory
game theory
Theory of moves
Long term contracts and bargaining
Evolutionary game theory
Strategy : an introduction to game theory
Global macroeconomics : policy conflict and cooperation
Fourth International Symposium on Differential Games and Applications : preprints. Vol. 1
A game-theoretic perspective on coalition formation
Fourth International Symposium on Differential Games and Applications : preprints. Vol. 2
Game theory and international relations : preferences, information and empirical evidence
The unfinished game : Pascal, Fermat, and the seventeenth-century letter that made the world modern
Refinements of the Nash equilibrium concept
Game theory models of dynamic bargaining and contracting in fisheries management
The world as a mathematical game : John von Neumann and twentieth century science
Coalition formation and social choice
Prediction : how to see and shape the future with game theory
Modelling of possible scenarios for emission trading and joint implementation among 2 and 3 actors
Contributions to the theory of games. Vol. 4
Mathematical games and pastimes
Differential games and applications
Who gets what and why :  the hidden world of matchmaking and market design
The mathematics of games and gambling
Distributed multi-objective optimization methods for shape design using evolutionary algorithms and game strategies
Axiomatic theory of bargaining with a variable number of agents
Game theory : a critical introduction
A game theoretic simulation model for quality oriented timber supply to sawmills
The Handbook of Cliometrics is a milestone in the field of historical economics and econometric history through its emphasis on the concrete contribution of cliometrics to our knowledge in economics and history. The articles in the handbook authored by the leading scholars in the fields, stress the usefulness of cliometrics for economists, historians and social scientists in general. The Handbook offers a comprehensive coverage of topics with each article providing an overview of the contributions of cliometrics to a particular topic. The Handbook sets a new standard of quality in the field by offering a world-wide forum of discussion in cliometrics.
Game theory : a nontechnical introduction
Game theory provides a mathematical setting for analyzing competition and cooperation in interactive situations. The theory has been famously applied in economics, but is relevant in many other sciences, such as political science, biology, and, more recently, computer science. This book presents an introductory and up-to-date course on game theory addressed to mathematicians and economists, and to other scientists having a basic mathematical background. The book is self-contained, providing a formal description of the classic game-theoretic concepts together with rigorous proofs of the main results in the field. The theory is illustrated through abundant examples, applications, and exercises. The style is distinctively concise, while offering motivations and interpretations of the theory to make the book accessible to a wide readership. The basic concepts and results of game theory are given a formal treatment, and the mathematical tools necessary to develop them are carefully presented. Cooperative games are explained in detail, with bargaining and TU-games being treated as part of a general framework. The authors stress the relation between game theory and operations research.
A new and robust subgame perfect equilibrium in a model of triadic power relations
Handbook of Cliometrics
The perfect bet : how science and maths are taking the luck out of gambling
A game perspective to complex adaptive systems
Game theory for political scientists
Evolution, games, and God : the principle of cooperation
Meaningful games : exploring language with game theory
Stochastic processes and calculus : an elementary introduction with applications
Elementary mathematics of linear programming and game theory
Learning and coordination : inductive deliberation, equilibrium, and convention
Security and game theory : algorithms, deployed systems, lessons learned
Game equilibrium models. 4, Social and political interaction
Predictioneer's game : using the logic of brazen self-interest to see and shape the future
Understanding bargaining games : experimental evidence and future approaches
Pearls of discrete mathematics
Decision processes in economics : proceedings of the VI Italian conference on game theory held in Modena, Italy, October 9-10, 1989
Axioms of cooperative decision making
Game theory
conflict, and also address the response to information, issues of systemic risks in society and economics, and new approaches to manage complexity in socio-economic systems.
In defence of lawyers : moral hazard as an aid to cooperation
Strong Nash equilibrium in large games
When to ratify an environmental agreement : the case of high seas fisheries
New insights on the role of ecology and life-history in social evolution
Computerized team game of marketing, financial, and production planning
Game theory and animal behavior
An introductory course on mathematical game theory
Developments in operations research. Vol. 1
Managerial economics and organizational architecture
Evolutionary optimization and game strategies for advanced multi-disciplinary design : applications to aeronautics and UAV design
Poker strategy : winning with game theory
Interference control and radio spectrum allocation in shared spectrum access
Beliefs and leadership in world politics : methods and applications of operational code analysis
Superpower games : applying game theory to superpower conflict
Nonzero - sum differential games : concepts and models
Games and information : an introduction to game theory
Elements of game theory
Gaming : the future's language
The development of the division of power between EU Commission, EU Council and European Parliament
About strategies and rationality in n-person cooperative games
The theory of learning in games
A course on cooperative game theory
Theory of games and economic behavior
On the existence of undominated Nash equilibria in normal form games
Building models by games
Probabilistic models in operations research
Strategy : a history
Toward a history of game theory
IF logic, game-theoretical semantics and the philosopåhy of sciece
Economics and the competitive process
Sharing rules and stability in coalition games with externalities : the case of the Baltic Sea cod fishery
Convention : a philosophical study
Global threats of terrorism, drug-smuggling and other crimes have led to a significant increase in research on game theory for security. Game theory provides a sound mathematical approach to deploy limited security resources to maximize their effectiveness. A typical approach is to randomize security schedules to avoid predictability, with the randomization using artificial intelligence techniques to take into account the importance of different targets and potential adversary reactions. This book distills the forefront of this research to provide the first and only study of long-term deployed applications of game theory for security for key organizations such as the Los Angeles International Airport police and the US Federal Air Marshals Service. The author and his research group draw from their extensive experience working with security officials to intelligently allocate limited security resources to protect targets, outlining the applications of these algorithms in research and the real world.
Lectures on BSDEs, stochastic control, and stochastic differential games with financial applications
Dynamic noncooperative game theory
Evolutionary design optimization with Nash games and hybridized mesh/meshless methods in computational fluid dynamics
The mathematics of games
Essays on market dynamics and frictions
Game theory : mathematical models of conflict
A survey of dynamic games in economics
Game theory and multi-agent systems
The compleat strategyst : being a primer on the theory of games of strategy
Of literature and knowledge : explorations in narrative thought experiments, evolution, and game theory
Collected papers. Vol. 1
Collective decision making : views from social choice and game theory
Lessons learned using theory of mind methods to investigate user social awareness in virtual role-play
Multi-agent systems and game theory : a peircean manifesto
Game theory for economic analysis
Game theory evolving : a problem-centered introduction to modeling strategic interaction
Essays in evolutionary game theory
Evolution, games, and economic behaviour
Summary.
Game theory for applied economists
Theory of games and statistical decisions
Fun and games : a text on game theory
Restricted coalitions in the management of regional fisheries organizations
Games of no chance : combinatorial games at MSRI, 1994
Classics in game theory
Economics and the theory of games
Games people play : the psychology of human relationships
Discrete gambling and stochastic games
The theory of positional games, with applications in economics
Convexity and well-posed problems
Experimental studies of interactive decisions
Coordination and adaptation techniques for efficient resource utilization in cognitive radio networks
Implementation in undominated Nash equilibria without integer games
Paradigm shift in language planning and policy : game-theoretic solutions
What are the principles that keep our society together? This question is even more difficult to answer than the long-standing question, what are the forces that keep our world together. However, the social challenges of humanity in the 21st century ranging from the financial crises to the impacts of globalization, require us to make fast progress in our understanding of how society works, and how our future can be managed in a resilient and sustainable way. This book can present only a few very first steps towards this ambitious goal. However, based on simple models of social interactions, one can already gain some surprising insights into the social, "macro-level" outcomes and dynamics that is implied by individual, "micro-level" interactions. Depending on the nature of these interactions, they may imply the spontaneous formation of social conventions or the birth of social cooperation, but also their sudden breakdown. This can end in deadly crowd disasters or tragedies of the commons (such as financial crises or environmental destruction). Furthermore, we demonstrate that classical modeling approaches (such as representative agent models) do not provide a sufficient understanding of the self-organization in social systems resulting from individual interactions. The consideration of randomness, spatial or network interdependencies, and nonlinear feedback effects turns out to be crucial to get fundamental insights into how social patterns and dynamics emerge. Given the explanation of sometimes counter-intuitive phenomena resulting from these features and their combination, our evolutionary modeling approach appears to be powerful and insightful. The chapters of this book range from a discussion of the modeling strategy for socio-economic systems over experimental issues up the right way of doing agent-based modeling. We furthermore discuss applications ranging from pedestrian and crowd dynamics over opinion formation, coordination, and cooperation up to^
How to predict the unpredictable : the art of outsmarting almost everyone
Paradoxes of belief and strategic rationality
Game theory and the humanities : bridging two worlds
Solutions for bargaining games
Group cohesion, trust and solidarity
Combinatorial games : tic-tac-toe theory
The new Palgrave : game theory
Good thinking : seven powerful ideas that influence the way we think
The theory of Max-Min and its application to weapons allocation problems
Games and economic behavior
Games and public administration : the law and economics of regulation and licensing
Educational mobile game : math jump, from concept to a published title
Game equilibrium models. 1, Evolution and game dynamics
The game of the urban futures : what it takes to play in the network society?
Cooperation : game-theoretic approaches : proceedings of the NATO Advanced Study Institute on Cooperation : Game-Theoretic Approaches, held at SUNY, Stony Brook, New York, July 18-29, 1994
Backward induction argument in game theory
A recursive value for n-person cooperative games
Inferior players in simple games
A probabilistic model for positional voting : spectrum games
This textbook gives a comprehensive introduction to stochastic processes and calculus in the fields of finance and economics, more specifically mathematical finance and time series econometrics. Over the past decades stochastic calculus and processes have gained great importance, because they play a decisive role in the modeling of financial markets and as a basis for modern time series econometrics. Mathematical theory is applied to solve stochastic differential equations and to derive limiting results for statistical inference on nonstationary processes. This introduction is elementary and rigorous at the same time. On the one hand it gives a basic and illustrative presentation of the relevant topics without using many technical derivations. On the other hand many of the procedures are presented at a technically advanced level: for a thorough understanding, they are to be proven. In order to meet both requirements jointly, the present book is equipped with a lot of challenging problems at the end of each chapter as well as with the corresponding detailed solutions. Thus the virtual text - augmented with more than 60 basic examples and 40 illustrative figures - is rather easy to read while a part of the technical arguments is transferred to the exercise problems and their solutions
Games and decisions : introduction and critical survey
Regularization in multistage cooperitive games
Is the allocation of voting power among the EU states fair?
Mathematical methods and theory in games, programming, and economics. 2, The theory of infinite games
Game theory with economic applications
The game's afoot! : game theory in myth and paradox
Studies on decision making under risk in the context of gambling markets
Optimization with multivalued mappings : theory, applications, and algorithms
Modeling bounded rationality
A course in game theory
Handbook of group decision and negotiation
Problems of coordination in economic activity
Stability of international fisheries agreements using precautionary bioeconomic harvesting strategies
"Do you know what economists mean when they refer to you as a "rational agent"? Or why a psychologist might label your idea a "creative insight"? Or how a philosopher could be logical but also passionate in persuading you to obey "moral imperatives"? Or why scientists disagree about the outcomes of experiments comparing drug treatments and disease risk factors? After reading this book, you will be wiser in two ways: You will know how the best and brightest thinkers judge the ways we decide, argue, solve problems, and tell right from wrong. But you will also understand why, when we don't meet these standards, it is not always a bad thing. The answers are rooted in the way the human brain has been evolutionarily wired over time to make us kinder and more generous than economists think we ought to be, and more resistant to change and persuasion than scientists and scholars think we ought to be"--
The theory of money and financial institutions. Volume 2
Quantitative and qualitative games
The strategy of conflict
Introduction to the theory of cooperative games
Game theory and mechanism desing
Rock, paper, scissors : game theory in everyday life
Epistemic logic and the theory of games and decisions
Negotiation games : applying game theory to bargaining and arbitration
Handbook of game theory with economic applications. Volume 3
Game theory and public policy
Game theory and experimental games : the study of strategic interaction
The game of cops and robbers on graphs
Games, theory and applications
Game theory with applications to economics
Game theory : a multi-leveled approach
Insights into game theory : an alternative mathematical experience
Games of strategy : theory and applications
From roulette tables to racetracks, provides a look at how scientists and mathematicians throughout the years have tried to figure out how to beat the house while gambling.
Bargaining for players : player trade in the National Hockey League
According to the reigning competition-driven model of evolution, selfish behaviors that maximize an organism's reproductive potential offer a fitness advantage over self-sacrificing behaviors--rendering unselfish behavior for the sake of others a mystery that requires extra explanation. Evolution, Games, and God addresses this conundrum by exploring how cooperation, working alongside mutation and natural selection, plays a critical role in populations from microbes to human societies. Inheriting a tendency to cooperate, argue the contributors to this book, may be as beneficial as the self-preserving instincts usually thought to be decisive in evolutionary dynamics. Assembling experts in mathematical biology, history of science, psychology, philosophy, and theology, Martin Nowak and Sarah Coakley take an interdisciplinary approach to the terms "cooperation" and "altruism." Using game theory, the authors elucidate mechanisms by which cooperation--a form of working together in which one individual benefits at the cost of another--arises through natural selection. They then examine altruism--cooperation which includes the sometimes conscious choice to act sacrificially for the collective good--as a key concept in scientific attempts to explain the origins of morality. Discoveries in cooperation go beyond the spread of genes in a population to include the spread of cultural transformations such as languages, ethics, and religious systems of meaning. The authors resist the presumption that theology and evolutionary theory are inevitably at odds. Rather, in rationally presenting a number of theological interpretations of the phenomena of cooperation and altruism, they find evolutionary explanation and theology to be strongly compatible.
Advances in game theory
Strategy and market structure : competition, oligopoly and the theory of games
Social self-organization : agent-based simulations and experiments to study emergent social behavior
The logic of human relations : aspects of the theory of games as a model of human behaviour
Handbook of game theory with economic applications. Volume 2
Neuroeconomics and the decision-making process
Game theory and related approaches to social behavior : selections
Dynamic games in economic analysis : proceedings of the fourth International Symposium on Differential Games and Applications, August 9-10, 1990, Helsinki University of Technology, Finland
Simulation and gaming in social science
Game theory & animal behavior
Game theory, experience, rationality : foundations of social sciences, economics and ethics : in honor of John C. Harsanyi
Applied game theory and strategic behavior
Essays on game theory
Game theory topics : incomplete information, repeated games and N-player games
Cooperative interference and radio resource management in self-organizing small cell networks
Contracts and commitments in games : a review article
Differential games - developments in modelling and computation : proceedings of the fourth International Symposium on Differential Games and Applications, August 9-10, 1990, Helsinki University of Technology, Finland
An adaptive trade-off between seed size and germination time
In Strategy: A History, Sir Lawrence Freedman captures the vast history of strategic thinking, how strategy came to pervade every aspect of our lives. The range of Freedman's narrative is moving from the advanced strategy practiced in primate groups, to the opposing strategies of Achilles and Odysseus in The Iliad, the strategic advice of Sun Tzu and Machiavelli, the great military innovations of Baron Henri de Jomini and Carl von Clausewitz, the grounding of revolutionary strategy in class struggles by Marx, the insights into corporate strategy found in Peter Drucker and Alfred Sloan, and the contributions of the leading social scientists working on strategy today. The core issue at the heart of strategy, the author notes, is whether it is possible to manipulate and shape our environment rather than simply become the victim of forces beyond one's control. Time and again, Freedman demonstrates that the inherent unpredictability of this environment-subject to chance events, the efforts of opponents, the missteps of friends-provides strategy with its challenge and its drama. Armies or corporations or nations rarely move from one predictable state of affairs to another, but instead feel their way through a series of states, each one not quite what was anticipated, requiring a reappraisal of the original strategy, including its ultimate objective. Thus the picture of strategy that emerges in this book is one that is fluid and flexible, governed by the starting point, not the end point.
Cod fishery of the European Union and Russia at the Baltic Sea : a game-theoretic analysis
Games for business and economics
