http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13491 neurolinguistics
neurolinguistics
Aspects of bilingualism
Language and the brain : representation and processing
International encyclopedia of linguistics. Vol. 3, Mande languages-selection
Richard Bandler's guide to trance-formation : make your life great
Introducing neuro-linguistic programming : the new psychology of personal excellence
Cognitive aspects of bilingualism
Methods in bilingual reading comprehension research
Four morphs and a matrix
This volume describes, in up-to-date terminology and authoritative interpretation, the field of neurolinguistics, the science concerned with the neural mechanisms underlying the comprehension, production and abstract knowledge of spoken, signed or written language. An edited anthology of 165 articles from the award-winning "Encyclopedia of Language and Linguistics 2nd edition", "Encyclopedia of Neuroscience 4th Edition" and "Encyclopedia of the Neorological Sciences and Neurological Disorders", it provides the most comprehensive one-volume reference solution for scientists working with language and the brain ever published. It is an authoritative review of this dynamic field placed in an interdisciplinary context. It contains approximately 165 articles by leaders in the field. It is compact and comes in affordable single-volume format.
Trajectories of fractal attractors in preferability situations
Introducing neuro-linguistic programming : psychological skills for understanding and influencing people
Bilingualism and multilingualism. Vol. 2, Psycholinguistic and Neurolinguistic Perspectives
Broca's aphasia in Czech: a linguistic analysis
Computing the mind : how the mind really works
Challenges in the investigation of cerebral function : neuroanatomical substrates of language processing
The nature and origin of language
Language viewed from the brain
Linguaggio e cervello - semantica = Language and the brain - semantics : atti del XLIV congresso internazionale di studi della Società di linguistica italiana (SLI), Viterbo, 27-28 settembre 2010
Lingua ex machina : reconciling Darwin and Chomsky with the human brain
Introduction to sign teaching and the use of communication aids
The gift of speech : readings in the analysis of speech and voice
Words and things : cognitive neuropsychological studies in tribute to Eleanor M. Safftan
Joensuu papers in neuropsychology and neurolinguistics. Vol. 2
Language intervention strategies in adult aphasia
Image, language, brain : papers from the First Mind Articulation Project Symposium
Heart of the mind : engaging your inner power to change with neuro-linguistic programming
Hearing impairement, auditory perception and language disability : studies in disorders of communication
Disorders of syntatic comprehension
Changing belief systems with NLP
The Cambridge handbook of biolinguistics
A neural network model of lexical organization
Production of narrative discourse and brain functional asymmetry
Fluent aphasia
Broca's region
Manifestation of aphasis symptoms in Czech
The development of on-line language comprehension abilities in children
Diagnosis is an essential part of scientific research. It refers to the process of identifying a phenomenon, property, or condition on the basis of certain signs and by the use of various diagnostic procedures. This book is the first ever to consider the use of diagnostics in syntactic research and focuses on the five core domains of natural language syntax - ellipsis, agreement, anaphora, phrasal movement, and head movement. Each empirical domain is considered in turn from the perspectives of syntax, syntax at the interfaces, neuropsycholinguistics, and language diversity. Drawing on the expertise of 20 leading scholars and their empirically rich data, the book presents current thoughts on, and practical answers to, the question: What are the diagnostic signs, techniques and procedures that can be used to analyse natural language syntax? It will interest linguists, including formalists, typologists, psycholinguists and neurolinguists.
Genie : a psycholinguistic study of a modern-day "wild day"
This book looks at how the human brain got the capacity for language and how language then evolved. Its four parts are concerned with different views on the emergence of language, with what language is, how it evolved in the human brain, and finally how this process led to the properties of language. Part I considers the main approaches to the subject and how far language evolved culturally or genetically. Part II argues that language is a system of signs and considers how these elements first came together in the brain. Part III examines the evidence for brain mechanisms to allow the formation of signs. Part IV shows how the book's explanation of language origins and evolution is not only consistent with the complex properties of languages but provides the basis for a theory of syntax that offers insights into the learnability of language and to the nature of constructions that have defied decades of linguistic analysis, including including subject-verb inversion in questions, existential constructions, and long-distance dependencies. Denis Bouchard's outstandingly original account will interest linguists of all persuasions as well as cognitive scientists and others interested in the evolution of language.
Language processing in bilinguals : psycholinguistic and neuropsychological perspectives
Grammatical disorders in aphasia : a neurolinguistic perspective
Neuropsychological aspects of semantic processing in bilinguals and aphasics
Audio-oral speech and visuo-manual sign language as used by the Deaf community are two very different realizations of the human linguistic communication system. Sign language is not only used by the hearing impaired but also by different groups of hearing individuals. To date, there is a great discrepancy in scientific knowledge about signed and spoken languages. Particularly little is known about the integration of the two systems, even though the vast majority of deaf and hearing signers also have a command of some form of speech. This neurolinguistic study aimed to achieve basic knowledge about semantic integration mechanisms across speech and sign language in hearing native and non-native signers.Basic principles of sign processing as reflected in electrocortical brain activation and behavioral decisions were examined in three groups of study participants: Hearing native signers (children of deaf adults, CODAs), hearing late learned signers (professional sign language interpreters), and hearing non-signing controls. Event-related brain potentials (ERPs) and behavioral response frequencies were recorded while the participants performed a semantic decision task for priming lexeme pairs. The lexeme pairs were presented either within speech (spoken prime-spoken target) or across speech and sign language (spoken prime-signed target). Target-related ERP responses were subjected to temporal principal component analyses (tPCA). The neurocognitive basis of semantic integration processes were assessed by analyzing different ERP components (N170, N400, late positive complex) in response to the antonymic and unrelated targets. Behavioral decision sensitivity to the target lexemes is discussed in relation to the measured brain activity.Behaviorally, all three groups of study participants performed above chance level when making semantic decisions about the primed targets. Different result patterns, however, hinted at three different processing strategies. As the target-locked electrophysiological data was analyzed by PCA, for the first time in the context of sign language processing, objectively allocated ERP components of interest could be explored. A little surprisingly, the overall study results from the sign-naïve control group showed that they performed in a more content-guided way than expected. This suggested that even non-experts in the field of sign language were equipped with basic skills to process the cross-linguistically primed signs. Behavioral and electrophysiological study results together further brought up qualitative differences in processing between the native and late learned signers, which raised the question: can a unitary model of sign processing do justice to different groups of sign language users?
Proceedings of the fourteenth International Congress of Linguists : Berlin/GDR, August 10 - August 15, 1987. Bd. 3
The Oxford handbook of deaf studies in language
Pathways of the brain : the neurocognitive basis of language
Manifestations of aphasia symptoms in different languages
Language, aphasia, and the right hemisphere
When language breaks down : analysing discourse in clinical contexts
Different ways of conveying information : a comparison of spoken and written stories produced by non-aphasic and aphasic subjects
Norclinling 2008 : proceedings from the 1st Nordic Conference of Clinical Linguistics
Proceedings of the 3rd Finnish conference of neurolinguistics, Joensuu 1987
An introduction to mind, consciousness and language
The effects of drugs on verbal fluency
Concise encyclopedia of brain and language
Connectionism, language, production and adult aphasia : elaboration of a connectionist framework for lexical processing and a hypothesis of agrammatic aphasia
Summary in Dutch.
The dynamics of speech production
Crossdisciplinary approaches to morphology
Dysfluencies : On Speech Disorders in Modern Literature
Neurogenic communication disorders : aphasia and cognitive-communication disorders
The effective delivery of training using NLP : a handbook of tools, techniques and practical exercises
Cortical processing of speech and non-speech sounds in adults and newborns
Why we curse : a neuro-psycho-social theory of speech
Dyslexia and development : neurobiological aspects of extra-ordinary brains
"Linguistics, neurocognition, and phenomenological psychology are fundamentally different fields of research. Helmut Schnelle provides an interdisciplinary understanding of a new integrated field in which linguists can be competent in neurocognition and neuroscientists in structure linguistics. Consequently the first part of the book is a systematic introduction to the function of the form and meaning-organising brain component - with the essential core elements being perceptions, actions, attention, emotion and feeling. Their descriptions provide foundations for experiences based on semantics and pragmatics. The second part is addressed to non-linguists and presents the structural foundations of currently established linguistic frameworks. This book should be serious reading for anyone interested in a comprehensive understanding of language, in which evolution, functional organisation and hierarchies are explained by reference to brain architecture and dynamics"--Provided by publisher.
Narrative discourse in neurologically impaired and normal aging adults
The lopsided ape : evolution of the generative mind
Time to speak : cognitive and neural prerequisites for time in language
Verb effect in Finnish deverbal compounds : a case study with an agrammatic
Declarative and procedural determinants of second languages
Manifestation of aphasic symptoms in Czech
The neural architecture of grammar
Neurolinguistics and linguistic aphasiology : an introduction
Recovery from aphasia after polytrauma in a Czech child : what is lost and what is left
Linguistics and cognitive neuroscience
Frogs into princes : the introduction to neuro-linguistic programming
International encyclopedia of linguistics. Vol. 4, Semantic and lexical change-zulu
Signs in the brain: hearing signers' cross-linguistic semantic integration strategies
A connectionist approach to word sense disambiguation
Neurology for the speech-language pathologist
Hearing impairment, auditory perception and language disability
Discourse in the left and the right hemispheric processing
The man who lost his language : a case of aphasia
Studies in neurolinguistics. Vol. 3
Influencing with integrity : management skills for communication and negotiation
Nlp & sports : how to win the mind game
Current issues in neurolinguistics : a Japanese contribution : language function and its neural mechanisms : advances in neurolinguistics : proceedings of the Second ICU Conference on Neurolinguistics
Theoretical perspectives on language deficits
The handbook of the neuropsychology of language. Volume 2, Language processing in the brain: clinical populations
Language-related learning disabilities : their nature and treatment
"The subject matter of this book is the mental lexicon, that is, the way in which the form and meaning of words is stored by speakers of specific languages. This book attempts to narrow the gap between the results of experimental neurology and the concerns of theoretical linguistics in the area of lexical semantics. The prime goal as regards linguistic theory is to show how matters of lexical organization can be analysed and discussed within a neurologically informed framework that is both adaptable and constrained. It combines the perspectives of distributed network modelling and linguistic semantics, and draws upon the accruing evidence from neuroimaging studies as regards the cortical regions involved. It engages with a number of controversial current issues in both disciplines. The book is intended as a tool for linguists interested in psychological adequacy and the latest advances in cognitive science. It provides a principled means of distinguishing those semantic features required by a mental lexicon that have a direct bearing on grammar from those that do not. It will appeal to researchers in neurolinguistics and lexical semantics."--p. 4 of cover.
Change your mind - and keep the change : advanced NLP submodalities interventions
The neurolinguistic theory of bilingualism
Theoretical issues in stuttering
Beliefs : pathways to health & well-being
Linguistic encounters with language handicap
Advances in the neurolinguistics of bilingualism : essays in honor of Michel Paradis
NLP & relationships : simple strategies to make your relationships work
Joensuu papers in neuropsychology and neurolinguistics. Vol. 1
Talking heads : the neuroscience of language
The inheritance and innateness of grammars
Mind, brain, and language : multidisciplinary perspectives
Leading with NLP : essential leadership skills for influencing and managing people
Right hemisphere language comprehension : perspectives from cognitive neuroscience
Idioms and aphasia : A case study in Finnish
Patterns of phonological disturbances in adult aphasia
Proceedings of the 4th Finnish Conference of Neurolinguistics, Turku 1991
The boundaries of Babel : the brain and the enigma of impossible languages
Language and thought : interdisciplinary themes
The representation of language in the brain
Language in the brain
The case study in aphasia : methodological and theoretical issues
NLP & health : practical ways to bring mind and body into harmony
Structural constraints and phonological variation in the wordpatterns of 2;6 year old children with high genetic risk for dyslexia
Developmental and acquired dyslexia : neuropsychological and neurolinguistic perspectives
Language comprehension : a biological perspective
Human language and our reptilian brain : the subcortical bases of speech, syntax, and thought
Configurational vs. semantic information : evidence from neurologically impaired speakers
Milestones in the history of aphasia : theories and protagonists
Training with NLP : skills for managers, trainers and communicators
Connectionism, language production and adult aphasia : elaboration of a connectionist framework for lexical processing and a hypothesis of agrammatic aphasia
Abstract.
The neurolinguistics of bilingualism : an introduction
Handbook of neurolinguistics
International encyclopedia of linguistics. Vol. 2, Ethnography of speaking-mamfe languages
Studies in aphasia
The relation between gestures and semantic processes
In your hands : NLP in ELT
Neuro-linguistic programming. Volume 1, The study of the structure of subjective experience
Communication development : foundations, processes, and clinical applications
Discourse and cognition : bridging the gap
Neurolinguistics : historical and theoretical perspectives
Brain functional asymmetry and perception of acoustic characteristics of speech
Linguistic disorders and pathologies : an international handbook
Neuropsychology and neurolinguistics : selected papers
Neurolinguistic and psycholinguistic perspectives on SLA
Linguistics for clinicians
The assessment of bilingual aphasia
Understanding NLP: strategies for better workplace communication - without the jargon
