http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13414 participants' associations
participants' associations
Reframing strategic corporate responsibility : from economic instrumentalism and stakeholder thinking to awareness and sustainable development
Strategic corporate social responsibility : sustainable value creation
Sustainability of interlocked fishing district-management concept for commercial fishing in Finnish lake fishery
The Impact of Corporate Social Responsibility Initiatives and Customer Centric Initiatives on Customers
This insightful book focuses upon corporate governance processes, and explores the conditions required for effective corporate governance and control in 21st century globalized and financialized economies. In presenting a comprehensive study of a cross-border hostile corporate take-over process, describing the actors, institutions and events involved, this book examines and questions the current forms of corporate governance and control - both from a national and a global perspective. Using Old Mutual's takeover of Skandia as a case study, the authors address corporate governance theory, and h
Theory and practice of corporate governance : an integrated approach
Corporate governance and complexity theory
Abstract.
Strategic corporate social responsibility : stakeholders, globalization, and sustainable value creation
Guide to European company laws
The impact of foreign board membership of firm value
Corporate governance in modern financial capitalism : old mutual's hostile takeover of Skandia
The end of corporate social responsibility : crisis and critique
Abstract: Consolidation of jointly owned water areas.
A multi-stakeholder perspective on sustainable marketing : studying business-society relations through action research
Corporate social responsibility : charity or investment?
This study examined the extent to which farmer cooperatives enjoy social capital within their memberships as they become internationalised. The empirical basis was a survey of farmers in Finland. Findings from limited dependent variable regression models suggest that one group of farmers is loyal to the cooperative and opposes its foreign investments. A second and a third group have lower levels of social capital and switch membership status between multiple cooperatives or opt out of cooperatives. These farmers welcome international investment. This finding was more significant for individual farm types than the social capital-linked opposition to internationalisation. A general conclusion is that the internationalization of cooperatives seems affect the members' trust in the cooperative differently. The increasing heterogeneity within the memberships may give rise to governance problems.
Business & society : ethics and stakeholder management
The Durable Corporation: strategies for sustainable development
Establishing and doing business in Finland
Corporate social relationship as marketing phenomenon : case company: Fortum Oyj
[How do stock market investors react to the "social responsibility" : shareholder proposals? : the influence of legal and supervisiory changes]
A multi-stakeholder perspective on sustainable marketing : promoting sustainability through action and research
Corporate social responsibility : the good, the bad and the ugly
Corporate social responsibility. Vol. 2, Performances and stakeholders
Strategic corporate social responsibility : stakeholders in a global environment
Stakeholding and the new international order
Awareness and sustainability in business organizations : leaving economic instrumentalism and stakeholder thinking behind
Corporate responsibility orientation of forest industry companies
Corporate social responsibility. Vol. 1, Concepts, accountability and reporting
The issue of online gaming addiction as constructed by its stakeholders
Strategic CSR communication
Business ethics : managing corporate citizenship and sustainability in the age of globalization
Corporate Governance in Modern Financial Capitalism : old mutual's hostile takeover of Skandia
Stakeholder expectations : conceptual foundations and empirical analysis
Unfolding stakeholder thinking. [1], Theory, responsibility and engagement
Business ethics : a European perspective : managing corporate citizenship and sustainability in the age of globalization
Business ethics : principles and practices
A handbook of corporate governance and social responsibility
Corporate governance in the European Union
Global perspectives on corporate governance and CSR
Business Ethics and organizational values: a systems-theoretical analysis
Stakeholder theory : a European perspective
The stakeholder corporation : a blueprint for maximizing stakeholder value
Blending theory with practical application, Strategic Corporate Social Responsibility, Third Edition is a comprehensive CSR and strategy text. As such, it supports courses taught either as standalone electives or as core components of the business school curriculum across all discipline areas. Integral to the book’s unique format is its mix of theory and practical application divided into two parts. After five chapters that provide an overview of the field, core concepts, and practical challenges, the second half of the book illustrates the extensive and dynamic nature of CSR via 21 detailed issues and case-studies. The cases capture contentious debates across the spectrum of CSR topics that culminate with a series of questions designed to stimulate further investigation and debate
Sustainability of interlocked fishing district -management concept for commercial fishing in Finnish lake fishery
The impact of the board of directors, block holders, and institutional investors on corporate risk-taking
The board of directors in Icelandic banks : study of independence and financial expertise
Marketing 3.0 : from products to customers to the human spirit
Farmers' reactions to the internationalisation of cooperatives
