http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13489 Corded Ware culture
Corded Ware culture
On bandkeramik social structure : an analysis of pot decoration and hut distributions from the Central European neolithic communities of Elsloo and Hienheim
Breaking and making bodies and pots : material and ritual practices in Sweden in the third millennium BC
Long distance distribution of battle axes in Northern Europe : some aspects of the contacts between Denmark, Sweden and Finland 2800 - 2300 BC
Early corded ware culture, the A-horizon - fiction or fact? : international symposium in Jutland 2nd - 7th May 1994 = Frühe schnurkeramischen Kulturen, der A-horizont - Fiktion oder Faktum?
The Corded Ware Culture (c. 2900-2300 BC) is found in a large area, from Russia to the Netherlands and from Scandinavia to Switzerland. Supra-regional elements include beakers decorated with cord and/or spatula imprints, battle-axes, and a funerary customs involving crouched inhumations under barrows with gender-specific placement of the body gender-specific funerary gifts. [...] It is argued in this study that the Corded Ware Culture represents an economic alliance, a dynamic totality as well as a network linking regional groups - each with a distinct economic base, material culture and ideology. These communities all participated in a vast supra-regional network that was a platform for inter-community exchanges of goods, skills, ideas and possibly people. Affiliation to this supra-regional network was a vital aspect for all regional groups involved, and membership to it was expressed by using a set of common traits. Decorated thin-walled beakers act as symbols of these supra-regional networks and thus embody both functional and ideological roles.
The pottery of the Battleaxe (Corded ware) culture : craft and vessel function versus the nature of contacts
On bandkeramik social structure
Corded ware ceramics in Finland and Sweden
Corded ware coastal communities : using ceramic analysis to reconstruct third millennium BC societies in the Netherlands
Archaeology as fact and fiction : Mats P. Malmer's archaeological writings 1948-2002
On the economy and the subsistence of the Battle-Axe culture in Finland
The corded ware culture in Finland
The battle axe period = Stridsøksetid
Corded ware and globular amphorae North-East of the Carpathians
Early in the North. Vol. 5, [The land]
Corded ware culture in Northern Finland
Early neolithic settlement and society at Olszanica
