http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13471 agricultural areas
agricultural areas
Farm structure : 1985 survey. Analysis of results : Regional structure of agricultural production
Lost field margins : a study of landscape change in four case areas in Finland between 1954 and 1998
The objective 5b development plan for the Tampere Region 1995-1999
Field studies on the behaviour of radiocaesium in agricultural environments after the Chernobyl accident
The areal differentiation of farming in the Oulu district, Finland
Economic geography and structure of the Russian part of the Barents region
New conditions for growth in Russia
The Australian wine encyclopedia
Patterns of mixed land use on remote Eurasian rangelands
Finnish Objective 5b -programme 1995-99 : Finnish 5b-plan to the EU Commission
Structural development and regional concentration of agriculture in Finland in 1975-2008
Rural transport of food products in Latin America and the Caribbean
Maintaining plant species richness by cattle grazing : mesic semi-natural grasslands as focal habitats
Developing transnational industrial platforms : the strategic conception of the Öresund region
Guidelines for surface and drainage water quality monitoring in agriculture dominated areas
Nearby nature and experiential farming : how are their roles perceived within the rural–urban fringe?
OECD territorial reviews : Helsinki, Finland
Encountering the changing Barents : research challenges and opportunities
Spatial organization : the geographer's view of the world
The legacy of the Hansa : the Baltic economic region
A relation between historical forest use and current dead woody material in a boreal protected old-growth forest in Finland
Globalization and African economics
The competitive advantage of regions and small economic areas. The case of Finland
The territories of the Russian Federation 2004.
Integrated analysis of regional systems
The great domaines of Burgundy : a guide to the finest wine producers of the Côte d'Or
Modelling of vegetative filter strips in catchment scale erosin control
Economic aspects of regional welfare : income distribution and unemployment
The paper analyzes development of Sino-Russian trade in the period 1985-1995, considering both the general state of relations between the two countries and internal logic of transitional processes taking place in China and Russia. The authors start with an analysis of trade dynamics and a review of the commodity composition of exports and imports.The following sections deal with regional cooperation and border trade.On the basis of their analysis, the authors conclude that, in spite of problems, Sino-Russian trade for the period of 1985-1995 developed quite rapidly and still possesses the substantial potential for sustainable future growth. .
Cross-border economic relations between Germany an Poland : the case of the Federal State of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern
The geography of the European Community
Eesti maakate : CORINE Land Cover projekti täitmine Eestis = Land cover of Estonia : implementation of CORINE Land Cover Project in Estonia
Can learning from the past help to predict the future in the environmental impact assessment on reindeer husbandry?
Radical planning initiatives : new directions for urban planning in the 1990s
Nordic regions in profile
Trends and perspectives in Sino-Russian trade
On starlings and farming : population decline, foraging strategies, cost of reproduction and breeding success
Weed occurrence in Finnish coastal regions : a survey of organically cropped spring cereals
The objective 5b development plan for the Tampere Region 1995-1999 : summary
The consequences of Less Favoured Area support : a multi-regional CGE analysis for Poland
Land accounts for Europe 1990-2000 : towards integrated land and ecosystem accounting
Regional decentralization for agricultural development planning in the Near East and North Africa
The Pan-Pearl River Delta : an emerging regional economy in a globalizing China
Regions for economic change : sharing excellence : conference proceedings, 25-26 February 2008
On the formation of ice ramparts
The nine nations of North America
Local loops. How environmental management cycles contribute to local sustainability : proceedings of the European commission advanced study course on local ecoinstruments, Freiburg 15-22 May, 1999
The aim of this article is to answer the question, "What are the prerequisites for the success of Finland's regions and smaller areas, when barriers to trade are being lowered and Finland is integrated into the international economy?" The answer is based on a study where regional success factors are defined primarily on the basis of Porter's concept of "the competitive advantage of nations." Empirical findings and observations on the most important locational factors of industrial firms in the modern regional economy add to this definition. The success factors are grouped into two blocks: (1) economic activities (five variables), and (2) locational factors of industrial firms (eight variables). Both blocks of variables are analysed with the help of principal components analysis. On the basis of the regional values produced by the first principal component of both blocks, the regions and small economic areas are grouped into four categories that represent their respective competitive advantage. This is done by means of cluster analysis.Uusimaa, the southernmost region of Finland that includes the capital city Helsinki, is in the best position and has the best prerequisites for success. The next regions are Southwest Finland with its main centre Turku and the Tampere region (Pirkanmaa). South Ostrobothnia, North Karelia, South Savo, and Central Ostrobothnia have the weakest prerequisites of all nineteen regions. The disparities within the regions are often considerable. The core area of the region is generally in the best position. After the Helsinki area, the small economic areas of Turku, Tampere, Oulu, and Jyväskylä are in a good position, followed by Vaasa, Kuopio, Lahti, and Pori. Related studies carried out in the latter part of the 1990s confirm these results almost without exception. The results suggest that the polarisation of Finland's regional economy continues. The new national regional development program, approved by the Finnish government for the period 2001-2006, supports this view of the future.
Technological change in a spatial context : theory, empirical evidence and policy
Lower Angara Region : a new approach to regional development in Russia
Vanishing land and water : soil and water conservation in dry lands
Pathways to progress in the semi-arid tropics : ICRISAT's strategic plan for the nineties
The Baltic environment, food and health: from habits to awareness : feasibility study : Central Baltic INTERREG IV A Programme 2007-2013
The geography of economic activity
Towards agri-environmental indicators : integrating statistical and administrative data with land cover information
Wine politics : how governments, environmentalists, mobsters, and critics influence the wines we drink
Irrigated eden : the making of an agricultural landscape in the american west
This article analyses structural and regional development and concentration of agriculture in terms of jobs and value of production, here value added, in Finland during 1975-2008 based on statistical and georeferenced data. The empirical results showed us that, while the relative socioeconomic importance of agriculture has decreased all over Finland, the role of agriculture varies a great deal between regions. Agricultural development trends both in terms of number of jobs and value of production, have been different from total economic development since the mid-1980s. As with economic functions in general, a regional concentration trend has taken place in agriculture. However, this trend has been stronger in all industries together and compared to other industries, agriculture as a whole is still regionally evenly dispersed. The reasons behind this can be found in historical, societal and political factors, and tight connections between agriculture and surrounding land and natural circumstances.
Soil-geographical zoning of the U.S.S.R. : (in relation to the agricultural usage of lands)
Retention performance and hydraulic design of constructed wetlands treating runoff waters from arable land
Seasonal variation in area use and roosting behaviour of hooded crows Corvus corone cornix
Temporal and spatial agricultural development in the Sudan : report of the Round Table on medium- and long-term agricultural development strategies and policies, Khartoum, Sudan, 22-28 March 1987.
EFTA legal systems : An introductory guide
The agricultural structural and regional policies in the common agricultural policy of the European Union
The circumpolar north : a political and economic geography of the arctic and sub-arctic
CAP regimes and the European countryside : prospects for integration between agricultural, regional and environmental policies
Impacts of agriculture on amphibians at multiple scales
High nature value farmland : characteristics, trends and policy challenges
Farms of northern Finland
The less-favoured areas support system in the EC and it's applicability to Finland
Sustainable ecotourism : integration of conservation and usage in Natura 2000 areas : workshop in Ylläsjärvi, Finland
Rural-urban policy effects on the regional economies of South Ostrobothnia and North Karelia
Ecological networks in an agricultural world
Effects of land-use changes on species richness and composition of traditional meadows
In this article, the geographical transformation of the Finnish manufacturing sector since the 1970s is analysed. Changes in manufacturing employment by municipalities are used as central indicators of the transformation. The urban-rural shift, deindustralisation, and emergence of the new economy have all occurred during the last three decades.A trend surface analysis indicates that manufacturing employment increased all over the country in the 1970s. The growth was higher the more northern and eastern the municipality's location. This pattern was conformable to the goals of the Finnish regional policy of the 1970s. Deindustrialisation plagued the economy from the early 1980s to the mid-1990s, and its negative labour force impacts were focused especially on the southern mature industrial cities. The industrial policy of the 1980s was without much result. Finally, the crisis of the early 1990s ruined a considerable part of industrial performance everywhere in the country. The era of telecommunications-driven economic growth in the 1990s led to the geographical pattern of growing employment in few urban areas and some localities adjacent to cities. The long, vigorous growth period (up to the year 2001), comparable with the growth of the late 1960s and early 1970s, diffused to rural municipalities, but the geographical pattern of this boom was oriented more towards the west and south than in the 1970s.
New directions in economic geography
Suomen kartasto = Atlas över Finland = Atlas of Finland. 231, Maatilatalous
Spatial analysis of landscape ecological characteristics of five agricultural areas in Finland by GIS
On accession to the EU, Poland, one of the most agricultural countries in Europe, became eligible for the Common Agricultural Policy (CAP), which it perceived as a chance to develop its rural economy. However, in constructing its Rural Development Programme 2007−2013, Poland directed the largest funding share to Less Favoured Areas (LFA) − a controversial measure, which has been accused of poor targeting and ineffectiveness. We analyse the economic consequences of LFA support for all 16 Polish regions according to Nomenclature of Territorial Units for Statistics (NUTS2), using a multi-regional computable general equilibrium model with LFA detail.
Unfolding webs : the dynamics of regional rural development
Progress in rural policy and planning : vol. 2
Institutions and the geography of innovation : a regional perspective
Economic geography : critical concepts in the social sciences. Volume 1, The evolving project of economic geography
Partnership responses - regional governance in the Nordic states
Some regional trends in Finnish farming with special reference to agricultural policy
Abstract: Transnationalisation, group interests  and Finland's negotiations with European Union.
American wine : the ultimate companion to the wines and wineries of the United States
This paper studies the structural development of farms with more than one hectare of arable land in northern Finland and explores the reasons behind the development. The paper relies mainly on agricultural census information and farm register statistics, focusing on the period after World War II.Agricultural settlement expanded in northern Finland well into the mid- 1960s due to active policy measures. The period of extensive rural population was short-lived, however. A number of unfavourable factors emerged roughly simultaneously and the number of active farms declined from nearly 60,000 in the 1960s to about 10,000 in 2000. Finland's entry into the EU in the mid-1990s gave further impetus to the development toward fewer but larger farms.Today, active farms are several times as large as their predecessors 40-50 years ago. About 50 percent of all active farms in northern Finland are dairy farms, whose impact is considerably larger than their mere number would suggest.
Regional and urban economics
Abstract.
Agricultural phosphorus and water quality : sources, transport and management
Tropical ecology and physical edaphology
A comparative geography of China and the U.S
African agriculture : the next 25 years. The land resource base
Economic geography : the integration of regions and nations
The socialist Third World : urban development and territorial planning
South Ostrobothnia's future plan : regional development plan 2040 & regional programme 2014-2017
Governance of marine protected areas in the least-developed countries : case studies from West-Africa
Climatic sensitivity of hydrology and carbon exchanges in boreal peatland ecosystems, with implications on sustainable management of reed canary grass (Phalaris arundinacea, L.) on cutaway peatlands
Struggle over strategy : states, localities, and economic restructuring in Sunderland and Uddevalla
Spatial turns of manufacturing since 1970.
Butterfly communities on field margins : effects of changes in farming methods and adjacent forest cuttings (Lepidoptera: Hesperioidea, Papilionoidea)
Landscape change and grassland dynamics : retrospective studies based on aerial photographs and old cadastral maps during 200 years in south Sweden
Regions in recession and resurgence
Dryland agriculture : strategies for sustainability
