http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13444 anarchism
anarchism
Christian anarchism : a political commentary on the Gospel
Rules without rulers : the possibilities and limits of anarchism
Anarchy works : examples of anarchist ideas in practice
Emma Goldman : revolution as a way of life
Anarchists and communists in Brazil, 1900-1935
The Russian anarchists
The impossible community : realizing communitarian anarchism
The Friends of Durruti group 1937-1939
Socialism of the West : an attempt to lay the foundations of a new socialist humanism
Twenty-first century anarchism : unorthodox ideas for a new millennium
The Chomsky effect : a radical works beyond the ivory tower
Anarchist studies
Anarchism : a very short introduction
The conquest of bread and other writings
Demanding the impossible : a history of anarchism
Markets not capitalism : individualist anarchism against bosses, inequality, corporate power, and structural poverty
No gods, no masters : [an anthology of anarchism]. 2, Book two
The political philosophy of Bakunin : scientific anarchism ; compiled and edited by G. P. Maximoff
Days of love, nights of war : crimethink for beginners
Reinventing anarchy : what are anarchists thinking these days?
On anarchism
The battle against anarchist terrorism : an international history, 1878-1934
Gramsci is dead : anarchist currents in the newest social movements
The Anarchist reader
Anarchism in France : the case of Octave Mirbeau
Tank girl : the royal escape
Black Mask & Up Against the Wall Motherfucker : the incomplete works of Ron Hahne, Ben Morea and the Black Mask group
Superman and common men : freedom, anarchy, and the revolution
Men against the state : the expositors of individualist anarchism in America, 1827-1908
Anarchism : a history of libertarian ideas and movements
Libertarian communism
Anarchism : a collection of revolutionary writings
Anarchism and other essays
Killing for the company
Early writings on terrorism
This is the first global history of the secret diplomatic and police campaign that was waged against anarchist terrorism from 1878 to the 1920s. Anarchist terrorism was at that time the dominant form of terrorism and for many continued to be synonymous with terrorism as late as the 1930s. Ranging from Europe and the Americas to the Middle East and Asia, Richard Bach Jensen explores how anarchist terrorism emerged as a global phenomenon during the first great era of economic and social globalization at the end of the nineteenth and beginning of the twentieth centuries and reveals why some nations were so much more successful in combating this new threat than others. He shows how the challenge of dealing with this new form of terrorism led to the fundamental modernization of policing in many countries and also discusses its impact on criminology and international law.
A truly awesome collection of writings from the frontlines of anti-capitalism. 566 pages long with contributions from Poland to Portugal and from organisations including CARF, CAGE, Earth First!, EuroDusnie, Greenpeace, Peasant Solidarnosc, Workers Solidarity Movement and Ya Basta! (the list could go on and on). We may be a "circus" Mr. Blair but we sure as hell know what we are talking about (in detail, with footnotes!). If you want to really understand why the cops are beating and shooting us, these are the ideas and actions they hate.
This is not a program
The Topsy-Turvies / by Francesca Simon ; illustrated by Emily Bolam
Patterns of anarchy : a collection of writings on the anarchist tradition
Fields, factories and workshops or industry combined with agriculture and brain work with manual work
Restructuring and resistance : diverse voices of struggle in Western Europe
Socialism and communication : reflections on language and left politics
The gentle general : Rose Pesotta, anarchist and labor organizer
The philosophical anarchism of William Godwin
Anarchy, state, and utopia is a foundational text in classical liberal thought, in which Robert Nozick created the intellectual underpinnings for what is now known as libertarianism. In his exhortation to limit the state to only the most minimal possible role, Nozick stirred tremendous controversy in an era predisposed to look to government as the solution to social injustice. When originally published in 1974, Anarchy, State, and Utopia was dismissed by many scholars as nothing more than a paean to the bourgeois status quo. But American politics have changed dramatically since then. Anarchy, State, and Utopia has become ever more relevant since the country has caught up with Nozick's ideas--as Clinton proclaimed, the era of big government is over. With fierce argumentation and meticulous logic, Robert Nozick gave birth to a new way of thinking about the relationship between the citizen and the state.
Is Rancière anarchist? : an approach to Rancière's political thought
Social anarchism
General idea of the revolution in the nineteenth century
Anarchy, state, and utopia
A clockwork orange
'To hell with culture' : anarchism in twentieth century British literature
Anachist thought in India
Anarchy and Christianity
Statism and anarchy
Makhno and the Makhnovshchina : myths and interpretations
Deep ecology and anarchism : a polemic
"In a world where paranoia is a survival skill, the only hope for humankind is a group of unconventional occultist freedom fighters called the Invisibles. In this collection, the team launches an assault on an underground New Mexico lab to free the cure for the AIDS virus from the alleged inventors of the disease: the U.S. government" /Library of Congress.
For and against the state : new philosophical readings
Anarchist modernity : cooperatism and Japanese-Russian intellectual relations in modern Japan
Work
The political theory of anarchism
Anarchism today
Chomsky on anarchism
The heresy of the free spirit in the later Middle Ages
Anarchism
Anarchist thinkers and thought : an annotated bibliography
Paths toward Utopia : graphic explorations of everyday anarchism
Remaking society
Emma Goldman : an intimate life
Roads to freedom : socialism, anarchism and syndicalism
Free love and anarchism : the biography of Ezra Heywood
Christian anarchism has been around for at least as long as "secular" anarchism. The existing literature cites Leo Tolstoy as its most famous (sometimes even as the only) proponent, but there are many others, such as Jacques Ellul, Vernard Eller, Dave Andrews or the people associated with the Catholic Worker movement. Both individually and collectively, these Christian anarchists offer a compelling critique of the state, the church and the economy based on numerous passages from the New Testament. Christian anarchism, the first generic study bringing together these different thinkers and reflecting on their contribution, is here made available in an abridged edition, thereby presenting Christian anarchism to a wider public. -- Cover.
Against all authority : anarchism and the literary imagination
The conscience of an anarchist : why it's time to say good-bye to the state and build a free society
Expect resistance : a crimethink field manual
What is anarchism? : an introduction
A history of socialist thought. 2, Socialist thought : Marxism and anarchism 1850-1890
The struggle against the state and other essays
Anarchism and authority : a philosophical introduction to classical anarchism
Manifesto of Libertarian Communism
Post-scarcity anarchism
Proposed roads to freedom : socialism, anarchism and syndicalism
What is anarchism : an introduction
The politics of individualism : liberalism, liberal feminism and anarchism
Exquisite rebel : the essays of Voltairine de Cleyre - feminist, anarchist, genius
Demanding the impossible : a history of Anarchism
On the edge of anarchy : Locke, consent, and the limits of society
Confronting Dostoevsky's Demons : anarchism and the specter of Bakunin in twentieth-century Russia
Anarchism and anarcho-syndicalism
The invisibles. Book four
The winter queen : [an Erast Fandorin mystery]
The anarchists
Community, anarchy and liberty
God and the state
A history of socialist thought. Vol. 2, Marxism and anarchism 1850-1890
Anarchism in Hungary : theory, history, legacies
Social anarchism or lifestyle anarchism : an unbridgeable chasm
The Haymarket tragedy
Selected writings on anarchism and revolution
Japan and the high treason incident
The complete prose works of Matthew Arnold. 5, Culture and anarchy with Friendship's garland and some literary essays
The anarchist papers
Men, Mobs and Law : Anti-Lynching and Labor Defense in U.S. Radical History
Gates of freedom : Voltairine de Cleyre and the revolution of the mind with selections from her writing
Anarchism : a documentary history of libertarian ideas. Vol. 1, From anarchy to anarchism (300 CE to 1939)
Mediterranean anarchy, interstate war, and the rise of Rome
Why hope? : the stand against civilization
The political philosophy of Bakunin : scientific anarchism
Prince of evolution : Peter Kropotkin's adventures in science and politics
The lives of Sacco and Vanzetti
Twilight of the machines
The secret agent : A simple tale
Anarchism : a documentary history of libertarian ideas. Vol. 2, The emergence of the new anarchism (1939-1977)
His dream of the skyland
Sex, violence, and the avant-garde : anarchism in interwar France
The Russian Revolution in Ukraine : March 1917 - April 1918
A history of socialist thought. Vol. 2, Socialist thought : Marxism and anarchism 1850-1890
No gods, no masters : [an anthology of anarchism]. 1, Book one
Talking anarchy
Revolutionaries : contemporary essays
Constructive anarchy : building infrastructures of resistance
The accumulation of freedom : writings on anarchist economics
Mutual aid : a factor of evolution
The Situationist Times facsimile edition
Contemporary anarchist studies : an introductory anthology of anarchy in the academy
Anarchism and utopianism
Anarchism for beginners
Before anarchy : Hobbes and his critics in modern international thought
This book takes examples from around the world, picking through history and anthropology, showing that people have, in different ways and at different times, demonstrated mutual aid, self-organization, autonomy, horizontal decision making, and so forth--the principles that anarchy is founded on - regardless of whether they called themselves anarchists or not.
Beyond the state : an introductory critique
Quiet rumours : an anarcha-feminist anthology
The doctrine of anarchism of Michael A. Bakunin
The continuum companion to anarchism
Primitive rebels : studies in archaic forms of social movement in the 19th and 20th centuries
"A study of anarchism in twentieth-century France during the interwar years. Focuses on anarchist demands for personal autonomy and sexual liberation. Argues that these ideals, as well as anarchist hatred of the government, found favor with members of the artistic avant-garde, especially the surrealists"--Provided by publisher.
Infinitely demanding : ethics of commitment, politics of resistance
For anarchism : history, theory, and practice
Anarchy comics : The complete collection
Anarchism and Chinese political culture
The doctors of revolution : 19th-century thinkers who changed the world
Emma Goldman : political thinking in the streets
Anarchy alive! : anti-authoritarian politics from practice to theory
Love, anarchy, and Emma Goldman
The conquest of bread
Anarchist seeds beneath the snow : left-libertarian thought and British writers from William Morris to Colin Ward
Anarchism and its aspirations
A Victorian in the modern world
A living revolution : anarchism in the kibbutz movement
Freedom, society and the state : an investigation into the possibility of society without government
Anarchist ideas and counter-cultures in Britain, 1880-1914 : revolutions in everyday life
The leaderless revolution : how ordinary people will take power and change politics in the 21st century
