http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13420 microclimate
microclimate
Microclimate and gas emissions in dairy buildings : instrumentation, theory and measurements
Enterprise and small business : principles, practice and policy
The North Atlantic in the west and the Asian continent in the east regulate the general features of the climate in northern Finland. Especially in the low areas in the west, the smaller amounts of precipitation are largely due to the Scandic föhn effect. The weather conditions and microclimate in the fells differ from those in the lower areas. Temperature inversion is a common phenomenon on the slopes. Heavy snow loads in the crowns of the trees are a prominent feature of the southern fells and the eastern highlands.
Design with microclimate : the secret to comfortable outdoor spaces
Microclimate : the biological environment
Microclimate and local climate
The earth care manual : a permaculture handbook for Britain & other temperate climates
Bioclimatology and climatophilous vegetation of Gran Canaria (Canary Islands)
Symposium on grapevine canopy and vigor management : 22nd International horticultural congress, Davis, California, USA, August 18, 1986
Frost protection : fundamentals, practice, and economics. Volume 1
Thermoregulatory behavior and daily activity cycle of the viviparous lizard, Zootoca vivipara, in central Finland
Application of microclimate manag[e]ment and manipulation techniques in low external input agriculture : report of the CAgM-IX Joint Rapporteurs on Microclimate Management and Manipulation Techniques in Low External Input Agriculture
Proceedings of the International Symposium on Advanced Technologies and Management Towards Sustainable Greenhouse Ecosystems : GreenSys2011 : Athens, Greece, June 5-10, 2011
Estimating particle number size distribution from multi-instrument observation with Kalman filtering
Eucaari : description of work
The influence of disturbance on lepidopteran larvae and their seasonality on constant resource : implications for conservation
Stratification of tropical forests as seen in leaf structure : part 2
Direct detection of atmospheric particle formation using the Neutral cluster and Air Ion Spectrometer
Effect of net size on horizontal temperature gradients in naturally-ventilated tropical greenhouses
Agrometeorology : 2nd International Cesena Agricultura Conference, Cesena, 8-9 October 1987
Museum microclimates : contributions to the Copenhagen conference 19-23 November 2007
Global climate change and human impacts on forest ecosystems : postglacial development, present situation, and future trends in Central Europe
Some features of the microclimate within hilly regions in Finland
Effects of climatic and nutritional factors on flowering, growth, and keeping quality of Eustoma grandiflorum (Raf.) Shinn
Acclimatization of dairy calves to a cold and variable micro-climate
Temperature and humidity characteristics of two willow stands, a peaty meadow and a drained pasture and their impact on landscape functioning
Biological interactions in the boreal ecosystem under climate change : are the vole and predator cycles disappearing?
Climate-conscious architecture : design and wind testing method for climates in change
Report on the effect of agrometeorological parameters on viticulture in countries of Eastern Europe
Abstract: The microclimates of the Kevo IBP (International Biological Programme) ecosystem study sites are discussed. Comparisons between the sites and the meteorological station are made by means of word models and regression and correlation analyses. Several ecologically meaningsful climatological data are given as monthly and other averages. General descriptions of the study sites are also given.
Principles of environmental physics
Seasonality of bacterioplankton in subarctic ponds above and below treeline
Predicting species richness of wood-inhabiting fungi, epiphytic bryophytes and lichens based on stand structure and indicator species
Temperature and radiation regimes in pine shelterwood and clear-cut area
Epidemiology of bean common bacterial blight and maize rust in intercropping
Landscape planning : environmental applications
Assessment of Tunisian Trigonella foenum graecum diversity using seed vitamin B6, B1, B9 and C contents
The development of spruce forest on raw humus sites in Northern Finland and its ecology
Proceedings of the International Symposium on High Technology for Greenhouse Systems : Quebec City, Canada, June 14-19, 2009.. Vol. 1, Greensys2009
Spatial variation in near-ground radiation and low temperature : interactions with forest vegetation
Spatial variation of climate and the impact of disturbances on local climate and forest recovery in northern Finland
Mulching effects on plant climate and yield
Transpiration and water budgets of European beech (Fagus sylvatica L.) dominated stands in relation to canopy structure
Descriptive micrometeorology
Ripening of olives var. Correggiolo : modification of oxidative stability of oils during fruit ripening and oil storage
Black carbon deposition in the European Arctic from the preindustrial to the present
Growth, survival, and microclimate of conifers planted within forest gaps : results for the first five growing seasons
Proceedings of 2008 EUCAARI Annual Meeting, Helsinki 17.-21.11.2008
Effect of commercial thinning on within-stand microclimate and fine fuel moisture conditions in a mature lodgepole pine stand in southeastern British Columbia
Studies of new particle formation in the European boundary layer
Interactions between faunal community and decomposition processes in relation to microclimate and heterogeneity in boreal forest soil
Micrometeorology
The ecology of mixed-species stands of trees
The climate near the ground
The surface climates of Canada
Microclimate, vegetation and fauna
Measurements of O3, CO2 and H2O fluxes over a Scots pine stand in eastern Finland by the micrometeorological eddy covariance method
Proceedings of the IVth International Symposium on Models for Plant Growth, Environmental Control and Farm Management in Protected Cultivation : HORTIMODEL 2012 : Nanjing, China November 4-8, 2012
Microclimate studies in silvicultural systems on the Chilcotin Plateau of British Columbia : the Itcha-Ilgachuz Projecgt (1997-2003)
"This rigorous yet accessible text introduces the key physical and biochemical processes involved in plant interactions with the aerial environment. It is designed to make the more numerical aspects of the subject accessible to plant and environmental science students, and will also provide a valuable reference source to practitioners and researchers in the field. The third edition of this widely recognised text has been completely revised and updated to take account of key developments in the field. Approximately half of the references are new to this edition and relevant online resources are also incorporated for the first time. The recent proliferation of molecular and genetic research on plants is related to whole plant responses, showing how these new approaches can advance our understanding of the biophysical interactions between plants and the atmosphere. Remote sensing technologies and their applications in the study of plant function are also covered in greater detail"--
International symposium on high technology in protected cultivation, Hamamatsu, Japan, May 12-15, 1988
Statistical studies of atmospheric nanoparticles and their precursors
Scientific lectures presented at the tenth session of the commission for agricultural meteorology
Effects of forestry on biomass and growth of epiphytic macrolichens in boreal forests
Fungal diseases causing fruit decay in sweet cherries (Prunum avium L.) : effects of rain protective covers, aborted fruits, overwintering sites and cuticular fractures = Fruktrote i søtkirsebær (Prunus avium L.) : verknad av dekking, aborterte frukter, overvintringsstader og sprekker i fruktkutikula
The climate of northern Finland
Microclimate studies in uniform shelterwood systems in the Sub-Boreal Spruce zone of central British Columbia
Beyond the visible : a handbook of best practice in plant UV photobiology
Handbook of micrometeorology : a guide for surface flux measurement and analysis
Trigonella foenum graecum is used as spice and forage, and it is known for its therapeutic effects in traditional medicine. The seeds are rich in vitamins A, B and C. This work aims to study the diversity of 38 Tunisian Trigonella foenum graecum cultivars using seed vitamin B6, B1, B9 and C contents. Cultivars were collected from upper semi arid, sub humid and lower arid Tunisian bioclimatic stages. Vitamin contents of the seeds were analysed by HPLC. A variance analysis was assured with SPSS 16.0. Cultivar classification was obtained after the calculation of Mahalanobis distances between the pairs of cultivars by XlStat software. A principal compound analysis was done by StatBox software to verify the dendrogram clustering. Results showed significant variations in vitamins B6 (P<0.01), B9 (P<0.01), B1 (P<0.01) and C (P<0.01) between the studied cultivars. Dendrogram analysis revealed three clusters. The first cluster had quantities of vitamin B6 near to 0.0189 mg/g, B1 near to 0.0001 mg/g, B9 near to 0.002 mg/g and C near to 0.0025 mg/g. The second one recorded quantities (mg/g) of 0.029 for B6, 0.00026 for B9 and 0.0026 for C and no detectable quantities of B1. The last cultivar cluster reached vitamin contents (mg/g) of 0.068 for B6, 0.00019 for B9 and 0.0014 for C and no detectable quantities of B1. Principal component analysis confirmed this clustering and showed the same three clusters that were obtained by the dendrogram. Significant correlation between Mahalanobis distances matrix and geographic distances matrix was revealed by the test of Mantel (r=0.222; p=0.1x10⁻³ < 0.05).
Canopy processes, fluxes and microclimate in a pine forest
Proceedings of 2007 EUCAARI Annual Meeting, Helsinki 20.-22.11.2007
Comparisons between the microclimates of the Kevo ecosystem study and the Kevo Meteorological Station
Plant cuticles : an integrated functional approach
Microclimate and soils of the central part of the Hämeenkangas interlobate complex in western Finland
Site factors determining epiphytic lichen distribution in a dieback-affected spruce-fir forest on Whiteface Mountain, New York : microclimate
Group selection silvicultural systems for high-elevation forests (ESSFwc3) to maintain caribou habitat in the Cariboo region
Museum microclimates : abstracts of posters at the Copenhagen conference 19-23 November 2007
Plants and microclimate : a quantitative approach to environmental plant physiology
Urban microclimate : designing the spaces between buildings
Microclimate and gas emissions in dairy buildings: instrumentation, theory and measurements
Aerosol processes in polar regions : from formation to climatic implications
The influence of disturbance on lepidopteran larvae and their seasonality on a constant resource : implications for conservation
