http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13457 portable televisions
portable televisions
Mobile television : technology and user experiences : report on the Mobile-TV project
Interactive TV Playout for cross-media content
Reporting live from the end of the world
Nuclear time
Star Trek. Tuotantokausi 3 : the original series
Madventures : season 3.
News in mobiles : comparing text, audio and video
Ashes to ashes. Kausi 2
Abstract.
Star Trek. Tuotantokausi 1 : the original series
Star Trek. Tuotantokausi 2 : the original series
Borat : cultural learnings of America for make benefit glorious nation of Kazakhstan
Analysis of technology and business antecedents for spectrum sharing in mobile broadband networks
The who's who of Doctor Who : A whovian guide to friends, foes, villains, monsters and companions to the good doctor
Stargate SG-1 : children of the gods : final cut
Star Trek : the original series. Season 1.
Madventures : the ultimate travel show
Fundamentals of digital video broadcasting for handheld devices
Borat
The scientific secrets of Doctor Who
Customer's views of the brand Detur Finland Ltd after the TV program "Matkaoppaat"
Redshirts
Doctor Who. 1. tuotantokausi
The planning and optimisation of DVB-H radio network
Life on Mars. Kausi 2
Children's media barometer 2010 : the use of media among 0-8-year-olds in Finland : an English summary of the original Finnish report
The little prince
Televiestintä Suomessa = Telecommunications in Finland 2004.
Star trek : the original series. Season three
Star trek : the original series. Season 1.
Harvest Of Time
Star trek : the original series. Season 3.
Doctor Who. The Official Annual 2017
Doctor Who : Essential guide to Doctor Who
Implementing mobile TV : ATSC Mobile DTV, MediaFLO, DVB-H/SH, DMB, WiMAX, 3G Systems, and rich media applications
Mobile TV should be more than a television : the final report of Podracing project
Mobile TV : DVB-H, DMB, 3G systems and rich media applications
Roaming Midsomer : walking and eating in the murderous heart of England
Telecommunications transmission handbook
Sharing is emerging as one of the megatrends influencing future business opportunities, and wireless communications is no exception to this development. Future mobile broadband networks will operate on different types of spectrum bands including shared spectrum, which calls for changes in the operation and management of the networks. The creation and capture of value by the different players in the mobile broadband ecosystem is expected to change due to regulation, technology, and business landscape related drivers that concern not only spectrum sharing, but also sharing of other resources such as infrastructure, technologies, or data. This thesis examines the key business and technology enablers needed to exploit spectrum sharing in mobile broadband networks, and presents the business model characteristics and strategic choices that spectrum sharing concepts support. Action research and integral scenarios methodologies were applied for strategic and business analysis utilizing the capacity and expertise of the policy, business and technology research communities. The thesis introduces a new approach to analyze the scalability of the spectrum sharing concepts and their business model elements utilizing sharing economy antecedent factors. The results indicate that all analyzed sharing concepts meet basic requirements to scale. The Licensed Shared Access (LSA) leverages existing assets and capabilities of the mobile network operator domain, the Citizens Broadband Radio Service (CBRS) extends the business model dynamics from connectivity to content, context and commerce, and the hybrid usage of Ultra High Frequency (UHF) band by Digital Terrestrial TV (DTT) and downlink Long Term Evolution (LTE) (HUHF) enables new collaborative opportunities between converging communication, Internet and media domains. The thesis validates the feasibility of spectrum sharing between mobile broadband networks and other types of incumbent spectrum users utilizing Finnish cognitive radio field trial environment (CORE), and expands the notion of spectrum sharing beyond the mobile broadband domain to be applied to other wireless systems including the media and broadcasting. The presented results can be used in developing the future mobile broadband systems enhanced with innovative spectrum sharing enabled business models to cope with the growing demand for capacity and new services by humans and machines.
Chicks dig time lords : a celebration of Doctor Who by the women who love it
Foo Fighters: Sonic Highways
Star Trek : the original series. Tuotantokausi 3.
The DVB-H handbook : the functioning and planning of Mobile TV
A sampler of international media and communication statistics 2010
Compact UHF-band antennas for mobile terminals : focus on modelling, implementation, and user interaction
On the road : growing up in eight journeys : my early years
The deep
How wireless works
A sampler of international media and communication statistics
MMS client for MHP set-top box
Star Trek : the original series : the full journey
Benchmarking participation TV
Star trek : the original series. Season 2.
Televiestintä Suomessa = Telecommunications in Finland. 2003.
Star Trek : the original series. Tuotantokausi 2.
Life on Mars. Kausi 1
Televiestintä Suomessa = Telecommunications in Finland. 2002.
Doctor who : adventures in time and space. The roleplaying game game
The Widow's curse. Doctor Who graphic novel 12
