http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1355 sociolects
sociolects
Kratkij anglo-russkij i russko-anglijskij slovar' ugolovnogožargona = Concise English-Russian and Russian-English dictionary of the underworld
Social dialects in "Keeping up appearances" and its Finnish subtitles
Language and the African American child
Metrolingualism : language in the city
Jargon : its uses and abuses
Russian and Soviet sociolinguistics and taboo varieties of the Russian language (argot, jargon, slang and "mat")
'Cheers, mate. TTYL!' - 'Pardon??' : Finnish upper secondary school students' familiarity with colloquial English
Social realism in Tom Wolfe's The bonfire of the vanities
Acoustic evidence for age-grading in Southern American English schwa
Youngspeak in a multilingual perspective
Language in the inner city : studies in the Black English vernacular
English in nineteenth-century England : an introduction
Translating an urban sociolect : the case study of Trainspotting by Irvine Welsh and its Finnish translations
Nonstandard varieties of language : papers from the Stockholm Symposium, 11-13 April, 1991
A sociolinguistic history of Parisian French
Gutter life and language in the early "street" literature of England : a glossary of terms and topics chiefly of the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries
Talk that counts : age, gender, and social class differences in discourse
The people's poet : William Barnes of Dorset
Spoken soul : the story of Black English
The making of vernacular Singapore English : system, transfer, and filter
A comparison of public attitudes toward the use of the demotic in Selby Jr's Last exit to Brooklyn and Easton Ellis's American Psycho
On dialect : social and geographical perspectives
Variation in German : a critical approach to German sociolinguistics
Language in late modernity : interaction in an urban school
Phonological argumentation : essays on evidence and motivation
Sociolects in Virginia Andrews' novels and their finnish translations
Gangsta! : footnotes in the Finnish translation of Kody Scott's Monster
Swearing : a social history of foul language, oaths and profanity in English
Language in the inner city : studies in the black English vernacular
Finnish summary.
"No fucking street cred!" : Neutralising of expletives and sociolects in the English subtitles of the Finnish film Tyttö sinä olet tähti
Variation im Raum = Variation and space
This book is about language and the city. Pennycook and Otsuji introduce the notion of 'metrolingualism', showing how language and the city are deeply involved in a perpetual exchange between people, history, migration, architecture, urban landscapes and linguistic resources. Cities and languages are in constant change, as new speakers with new repertoires come into contact as a result of globalization and the increased mobility of people and languages.
Translating dialects and languages of minorities : challenges and solutions
The changed social context in Sieppari ruispellossa
Language in audiovisual translation : social dialect and standard language in the dubbed and subtitled versions of Antz
Variation and change : pragmatic perspectives
Language of the underworld
Modern sociolects and their translations in literature : a study of Martin Amis's The Information and its translation Tiedoksi
This book challenges the predominance of mainstream sociolinguistic theories by focusing on lesser known sociolinguistic systems, from regions of Africa, Asia, the Caribbean, South America, the European Mediterranean, and Slavic regions as well as specific speech communities such as those speaking Nivkh, Jamaican Creole, North Saami, and Central Yup'ik.In nineteen chapters, the specialist authors look at key sociolinguistic aspects of each region or speech community, such as gender, politeness strategies, speech patterns and the effects of social hierarchy on language, concentrating on the dif.
You know my steez : an ethnographic and sociolinguistic study of styleshifting in a Black American speech community
On the nature of Suržyk : a double perspective
Attitudes to language
"Someone has to fly the flag of finesse!" : markers of social class in speech in Keeping Up Appearances
Socio-stylistic variation in standard Australian English : the pronunciation of four non-centring diphthongs
Language of the underworld of West Bengal
Language, gender and society
A comparative glossary of Cypriot Maronite Arabic (Arabic - English) : with an introductory essay
A history of cant and slang dictionaries. Vol. 1, 1565-1785
Gangster speak : a dictionary of criminal and sexual slang
Linguistic variation in present day Cockney : a quantitative study of phonetic change in apparent time
"Just about everyone seems to have views about language. Language attitudes and language ideologies permeate our daily lives. Our competence, intelligence, friendliness, trustworthiness, social status, group memberships, and so on, are often judged from the way we communicate. Even the speed at which we speak can evoke reactions. And we often try to anticipate such judgements as we communicate. In this lively introduction, Peter Garrett draws upon research carried out over recent decades in order to discuss such attitudes and the implications they have for our use of language, for social advantage or discrimination, and for social identity. Using a range of examples that includes punctuation, words, grammar, pronunciation, accents, dialects and languages, this book explores the intricate and fascinating ways in which language influences our everyday thoughts, feelings and behaviour"--Provided by publisher.
English with an accent : language, ideology and discrimination in the United States
The social stratification of English in New York City
Globalising sociolinguistics : challenging and expanding theory
The language of the Moldovans : Romania, Russia, and identity in an ex-Soviet republic
The discursive construction of the Scots language : education, politics and everyday life
Translating dialect : a case study of Wuthering Heights
Micro-syntactic variation in North American English
The discourse markers like in English and liksom in Norwegian teenage language : a corpus-based, cross-linguistic study
The identity of the contemporary Moldovans is explored from the perspective of debates about the languages they speak. The result is an image of an emerging nation of bilinguals that is, at once, similar to the experiences of other ex-Soviet states and uniquely complex.
Pronouns and people : the linguistic construction of social and personal identity
How to do standard English accents
Born the child of an agricultural labourer in Dorset's Blackmore Vale, by self-education William Barnes (1801-1886) rose to be a lawyer's clerk, a schoolmaster, a much-loved clergyman, and a scholar who could read over seventy languages. He also became the finest example of an English poet writing in a rural dialect. In this book, Alan Chedzoy shows how, uniquely, he presented the lives of pre-industrial rural people in their own language. He also recounts how Barnes' linguistic studies enabled him to defend the controversial notion that the dialect of the labouring people of Wessex was the purest form of English. Serving both as an anthology and an account of how the poems came to be written, this biography is essential reading for anyone who wants to discover more about the man who, in an obituary, Thomas Hardy described as 'probably the most interesting link between present and past life that England possessed'.
Belarusian Trasjanka and Ukrainian Suržyk : structural and social aspects of their description and categorization
African American English : a linguistic introduction
"This volume presents a series of original papers focusing on phonological argumentation, set within the framework of Optimality Theory. It contains two major sections: chapters about the evidence for and methodology used in discovering the bases of phonological theory, i.e., how constraints are formed and what sort of evidence is relevant in positing them; and case studies that focus on particular theoretical issues within Optimality Theory, usually through selected phenomena in one or more languages, arguing in favor of or against specific formal analyses." -- Publisher's description.
Varieties of modern English : an introduction
'Talking proper' : the rise of accent as social symbol
Language and identities
