http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13507 microbiology
microbiology
The diet myth : why the secret to health and weight loss is already in your gut
Microlife
Biomarker mRNAs for staging and prognosis of colorectal cancer
Food quality control : foods of animal origin
Improvements in the Assessment of Bacterial Viability and Killing
Mackie & McCartney's handbook of bacteriology : a guide to the laboratory diagnosis and control of infection
Student study guide to accompany microbiology
Radiation Control of Salmonellae in Food and Feed Products
Review of medical microbiology
Hospital water supply as a source of nosocomial infections
I contain multitudes : the microbes within us and a grander view of life
Methods in microbiology. Vol 7B
To move or to convene : regulatory circuits of mat fimbriae in Escherichia coli
Statistical analysis in microbiology : statnotes
Microbiology today
Microbial ecology in growing animals
Microbiology : an introduction
Abstracts of the annual meeting of the American Society for Microbiology
Studies on the detection methods of Campylobacter and faecal indicator bacteria in drinking water
The Clostridia : Molecular biology and pathogenesis
Detection, quantification and characterization of food related microorganisms using molecular and physiological methods
Handbook of microbiology : dehydrated culture media, culture medium bases, sundry preparations for microbiology
Modern industrial microbiology and biotechnology
USDA/FSIS Microbiology laboratory guidebook. Chapter 33, Detection of antimicrobial residues in meat and poultry tissue by screen tests
Microbiologists Brett Finlay and Marie-Claire Arrieta explain how the trillions of microbes that live in and on our bodies influence childhood development; why an imbalance of those microbes can lead to obesity, diabetes, and asthma, among other chronic conditions; and what parents can do -- from conception on -- to positively affect their own behaviors and those of their children. They describe how natural childbirth, breastfeeding, and solid foods influence children’s microbiota. They also offer practical advice on matters such as whether to sterilize food implements for babies, the use of antibiotics, the safety of vaccines, and why having pets is a good idea.
Molecular studies of three coliphage repressor proteins P2 C, P2 Hy dis C and WΦ C : kinetics, oligomeric states and structural studies
Stress, homeostasis and robustness : molecular and systems level analysis in yeast
Introduction to microbiology
Encyclopedia of food microbiology
Food microbiology and hygiene
Instant notes in medical microbiology
Improved enrichment cultivation of selected food-contaminating bacteria
Factors affecting secretion and surface display of heterologous proteins in Lactococcus lactis
Call of Nature : the secret life of dung
Pocket guide to clinical microbiology
Letters in applied microbiology
Archaea, Bacteria, and methane production along environmental gradients in fens and bogs
High seroprevalence of Simkania negevensis in Jordan
Bioinformatics for dummies
Introduction to diagnostic microbiology : a text and workbook
Fundamentals of microbiology
Responses of cellulolytic rumen bacteria to long chain fatty acids
Let them eat dirt : saving your child from an oversanitized world
Molecular responses in Aspergillus nidulans to Streptomyces-produced inhibitors of V-ATPases
Laboraroty exercises in microbiology
Methods in microbiology. Vol. 5A
Topley and Wilson's principles of bacteriology and immunity. Vol. 1
An evaluation of the role of microbiological criteria for foods and food ingredients
Microbes and man
A study to construct a strain of Bacillus thuringiensis toxic to both flies and mosquitoes
Conjugal transfer of the symbiotic plasmid in Rhizobium galegae sv. officinalis
Toxicity of retene and pyrene on fish at different light conditions
Foodborne pathogens : microbiology and molecular biology
Study guide to accompany Prescott, Harley, and Klein's microbiology : seventh edition
Elements of microbiology
In 2009–2011, the WHO Regional Office for Europe and the United Kingdom Health Protection Agency undertook a project to investigate the adverse health effects of floods and to understand how best to protect the health of populations during floods in the WHO European Region. The project had two main components. A questionnaire was sent to 50 of the 53 Member States of the WHO European Region to collect information on recent experience of floods, their health effects and current preparedness and response mechanisms. In addition, a systematic review was undertaken of the epidemiological literature on the global impact of flooding on health. Analysis of the returned questionnaires and the peer-reviewed literature brought to light many issues pertinent to Europe. These findings will help WHO to prepare evidence-based guidance for the European Region on health concerns before, during and after flooding incidents and the measures for prevention, response and recovery.
Bioscience, biotechnology, and biochemistry
Final report for bacterial survival and gene transfer : a Nordic research network
Developments in food microbiology. 3
Large scale amplification and purification of replication competent vaccinia virus
Brock biology of microorganisms
Methods in microbiology. Vol 4
The bacterium Simkania negevensis is a germ associated with respiratory diseases. This study aims at estimating the prevalence of Simkania in the Jordanian population. Serum samples from 664 Jordanian males and females, aged 2 to 86 years were collected. IgG and IgM Simkania-specific antibodies were detected using an indirect immunofluorescence test. Seropositivity titers for IgG and IgM were defined as 1:8 and 1:10, respectively. The overall prevalence of IgG antibody in all examined Jordanian nationals was 58.4%. IgG seropositivity was low in children under the age of 10 years (34.2%), and increased rapidly with age and ranged between 49.4% and 72%. Simkania-specific IgM was detected in 24.8% of subjects. IgM prevalence in children under 10 years was lowest (10.5%) and increased in older ages and remained above 20%. Overall detection rates of both IgG and IgM were significantly higher in females than males (60.7% vs. 54.5% for IgG and 26.7% vs. 21.7% for IgM). These data indicate that Simkania infection is highly prevalent in Jordan. The high level of seropositivity is most likely maintained by re-infections or chronic infections. Our data may serve as a basis to elucidate the pathogenesis of Simkania in Jordan.
Effects of wholegrain foods and grain fibre in intestinal tract in relation to glucose metabolism : with an emphasis on wheat and rye bread effects
Symbiosis experiments concerning the production and biosynthesis of certain amino acids and vitamins in associations of lactic acid bacteria
Interaction of Escherichia coli with mammalian extracellular matrix
Methods in microbiology. Vol 3B
Revised taxonomy of the family Rhizobiaceae, and phylogeny of mesorhizobia nodulating Glycyrrhiza spp
Call of nature : the secret life of dung
Microbiology : a very short introduction
Methods in microbiology. Vol 3A
"Journey through the digestive systems of humans, farm and wild animals, and meet some of nature’s ultimate recyclers as they eat, breed in and compete for dung. The fall of bodily waste onto the ground is the start of a race against the clock as a multitude of dung-feeders and scavengers consume this rich food source. From the enigmatic dung-rolling beetles to bat guano and giant elephant droppings, dung creates a miniature ecosystem to be explored by the aspiring dung watcher. The author completes the book with an identification guide to dung itself, so that you can identify the animal that left it behind. Pellets or pats? Scats, spraints, frass, guano, spoor – learn your way around different species’ droppings. There’s also a dung-feeder’s identification guide that includes the species you’re most likely to encounter on an exploration of the dung heap."
Waterborne zoonoses : identification, causes and control
Proceedings of the ERIAFF conference : 'sustainable food systems : multi-actor co-operation to foster new competitiveness of Europe'
The Biomedical & Life Sciences Collection
Microbial processes and products
Chemical microbiology
Purification and characterization of a new halophilic virus, HV1
A study of membrane bound cytochromes c participating in photosynthesis and respiration in rhodobacter : a dissertation in biology
Foodborne human isolates of Salmonella and Shiga toxin -producing Escherichia coli of domestic origin in Finland
Development of microbial analysis : faster detection and business opportunities
Mycorrhizal colonization of highbush blueberry and its native relatives in central Finland
Topley and Wilson's principles of bacteriology and immunity. Vol. 2
Microbial contaminants & contamination routes in food industry : 1st open seminar arranged by Safoodnet - Food Safety and Hygiene Networking within new member states and associated candidate countries; FP6-022808-2006 : Espoo, Finland, January 22-23, 2007
Large waterborne epidemic in Pirkanmaa, Finland 2007 : Study on disease burden, health consequences and health-economic costs
Veden laatu : näytteenotto mikrobiologista tutkimusta varten = Water quality : sampling for microbiological analysis
Power unseen : how microbes rule the world
The microbiological impact of different building solutions in an office environment
Principles of food sanitation
Processes in microbial ecology
Development of Agrobacterium-mediated transformation to improve insect resistance in Finnish potato cultivars
Microbiology : principles and applications
Floods in the WHO European region : health effects and their prevention
The formation and properties of biofilm on stainless steel in Baltic Sea water and the role of biofilm in the ennoblement of steel
Studies of the fungal flora of plants and feed and the influence of formic acid on growth and aflatoxin production in Aspergillus flavus
An introduction to bacterial physiology
Manual of microbiological methods
Genetic selection in human mitochondria
Microbial pathogenesis : a principles-oriented approach
Microbiology of meats
A beautiful young wife
Molecular typing of Campylobacter coli strains isolated from diifferent sources
Diet, microbes and gut immune responses in the pathogenesis of experimental type 1 diabetes
Gut reactions : how healthy insides can improve your weight. mood and well-being
4th World Congress Foodborne Infections and Intoxications, 7 - 12 June 1998, Berlin, Germany = 4. Weltkongress Lebensmittelinfektionen und -intoxikationen : abstracts
Rumen microbiology and its role in ruminant nutrition
Microbial ecology is the study of interactions among microbes in natural environments and their roles in biogeochemical cycles, food web dynamics, and the evolution of life. Microbes are the most numerous organisms in the biosphere and mediate many critical reactions in elemental cycles and biogeochemical reactions. Because they are essential players in the carbon cycle and related processes, microbial ecology is a vital science for understanding the role of the biosphere in global warming and the response of natural ecosystems to climate change. This novel textbook discusses the major processes carried out by viruses, bacteria, fungi, protozoa and other protists - the microbes - in freshwater, marine, and terrestrial ecosystems. It focuses on biogeochemical processes, starting with primary production and the initial fixation of carbon into cellular biomass, before exploring how that carbon is degraded in both oxygen-rich (oxic) and oxygen-deficient (anoxic) environments. These biogeochemical processes are affected by ecological interactions, including competition for limiting nutrients, viral lysis, and predation by various protists in soils and aquatic habitats. The book neatly connects processes occurring at the micron scale to events happening at the global scale, including the carbon cycle and its connection to climate change issues. A final chapter is devoted to symbiosis and other relationships between microbes and larger organisms. Microbes have huge impacts not only on biogeochemical cycles, but also on the ecology and evolution of more complex forms of life, including Homo sapiens.
Methods in microbiology. Vol 13
Environmental microbiology : from genomes to biogeochemistry
2nd World Congress Foodborne Infections and Intoxications : 26 - 30 May 1986 : abstracts = 2. Weltkongress Lebensmittelinfektionen und -intoxikationen
Basic microbiology with applications
Microbiology of the avian egg
2nd World Congress Foodborne Infections and Intoxications : 26 - 30 May 1986 : Final Congress Document = 2. Weltkongress Lebensmittelinfektionen und -intoxikationen
2nd World Congress Foodborne Infections and Intoxications : 26 - 30 May 1986 : proceedings = 4. Weltkongress Lebensmittelinfektionen und -intoxikationen. 1, 0001.
Encyclopedia of microbiology
Microbiology : an introduction media update
Negative regulation of Drosophila immune response
2nd World Congress Foodborne Infections and Intoxications : 26 - 30 May 1986 : proceedings = 2. Weltkongress Lebensmittelinfektionen und -intoxikationen. 2, 0002.
Introduction to geological microbiology
Basic microbiology. Vol. 1, Introduction to microbiology
Study guide to accompany Pelczar, Chan, and Krieg : microbiology
A manual for the practical study of the root-nodule bacteria
Journal of immunology
Pathogenesis of bacterial infections in animals
On nitrogen assimilation and synthesis of proteins and nucleotides in low-nitrogen yeast
Clinical and vaccine immunology
Instant notes in microbiology
Food safety and quality assurance : applications of immunoassay systems
Abstracts of the 98th General Meeting of the American Society for Microbiology, Atlanta, May 17-21, 1998.
Rotavirus in drinking water : molecular methods for measurement of infectivity
Clinical veterinary microbiology
CRC handbook of microbiology. 6, Growth and metabolism
Pathogenic Neisseria infections of human neutrophils and epithelial cells : focusing on host responses and immune evasion
Geochemistry and water quality of Lake Qarun, Egypt
Characterization of a new haloarchaeal virus infecting Halorubrum sp
Divide et impera : damage segregation and rejuvenation in yeast
March of the microbes : sighting the unseen
Food microbiology : fundamentals and frontiers
Lower gastrointestinal microbiota in health and irritable bowel syndrome : characterisation and effect of probiotic intervention
Developments in food microbiology. 1
Manual of clinical microbiology
Methods in microbiology. Vol 8
Diet, microbies and gut immune responses in the pathogenesis of experimental type 1 diabetes
Microbiology for dummies
Proceedings of the ERIAFF conference "Sustainable Food Systems: Multi-actor Co-operation to Foster New Competitiveness of Europe"
Anatoxin-a and odorous metabolites in cyanobacteria : molecular detection of the producers
Food mycology : presented as a Workshop of the Association of Official Analytical Chemists, Atlanta, Georgia, May 1-4, 1978
Advances in applied microbiology
The Mycota : a comprehensive treatise on fungi as experimental systems for basic and applied research. Volume 10, Industrial applications
Current opinion in microbiology
The soil quality concept and its importance in the study of Finnish arable soils
Encountering the changing Barents : research challenges and opportunities
Systematic and applied microbiology
Comparison of Finnish and Russian indoor climate requirements in residential buildings
The role of alpha-glucosidase in the fermentation of oligosaccharides by living yeast
The microbiology coloring book
Essentials of veterinary microbiology
Louis Pasteur : free lance of science
Microbes and biological productivity : 21st symposium of the Society for General Microbiology held at University College London April 1971.
Integrative analysis of yeast osmoregulation
Plague and cholera
Ultrastructure of biofilms formed by bacteria from industrial processes
Studies on thermophilic bacteria of the genus Bacillus Cohn
Schneierson's atlas of diagnostic microbiology
Microbial degradation of natural products
Controlling substrate export by the Ysc-Yop type III secretion system in Yersinia
Campylobacteriosis, the most common bacterial food-borne disease worldwide, is mainly caused by Campylobacter jejuni and C. coli. Most studies have focused on the genetic diversity of C. jejuni, but little is known about C. coli. The aim of this work was to characterize C. coli from different sources, by evaluating the distribution and/or diversity of certain genetic markers. A total of 145 C. coli isolates from different sources (2 goose,18 poultry, 35 human and 90 swine) were screened for fucP, ggt, cytC, sialyltransferases genes and CRISPRs. Additionally, the diversity of the LOS loci and of the CRISPRs, were assessed. A frequency of 90.34% was observed for fucP and CRISPRs among C. coli. Conversely, the frequency of GGT phenotype, and cytC, and cst-I genotype was 1.38%, while cst-V genotype was 0.69%. Only one isolate was positive for all markers except fucP; no source association was observed. LOS and CRISPRs exhibited a wide diversity. In conclusion, ggt, fucP, and cytC seem to be lineage related in C. coli, and not host associated. CRISPRs were too discriminatory to be of use in epidemiological investigations. Results suggest a high diversity of the LOS, and there may exist more classes than those previously described.
Analysis of bacterial metabolism of modified lignins and synthetic models
Computing for comparative microbial genomics : bioinformatics for microbiologists
The rumen microbial ecosystems
Methods in microbiology. Vol. 5B
Food safety & quality assurance : foods of animal origin
Microbial classification : 12th symposium of the Society for General Microbiology held at the Royal Institution, London, April 1962.
Methods in microbiology. Vol 2
Microbiology : with diseases by body system
Monooxygenase diversity and oxygen activation within polyketide antibiotic biosynthesis
Application of hydrocarbon degrading microorganism enumeration and catabolic genes detection in soil assessment
Microbiology laboratory guidebook
Microbiology : general and applied
YopD translocator function in Yersinia pseudotuberculosis type III secretion
The microbiome solution
Laboratory exercises in microbiology
Catabolism of biomass-derived sugars in fungi and metabolic engineering as a tool for organic acid production
