http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1352 concentration (chemical properties)
concentration (chemical properties)
Folates in rye : determination and enhancement by food processing
Cholecalciferol contents in fortified margarine and milk
Natural science in the Bothnian Sea during 1975-2008 : a review
Saltiness of coarsely ground cooked ham with reduced salt content
The response of watercress (Nasturtium officinale L.) to salinity has been scarcely addressed in literature despite its growing importance in the baby-leaf market and its wide cultivation in salt-affected agricultural regions. This work evaluates the effect of salinity (2.5, 5 and 10 dS m-1) on productive and quality features of watercress compared with another crop widely cultivated for the baby-leaf sector (lettuce, Lactuca sativa). In watercress, a linear relationship (R2=0.75) was observed between yield decrease and Cl- accumulation in leaves, whereas yield was not affected by salinity in lettuce. NaCl application increased Na+ accumulation at the expense of Ca2+ uptake in the leaf tissues of both crops, but also of K+ in watercress. Health-related features were improved by salinity (e.g. increased phenolics and reduced nitrates), especially in watercress, with limited sensorial quality evaluation effects..
Impact of elevated O3 and CO2 concentrations on phenolic compounds of birch (Betula pendula Roth) : implications for herbivorous insects and detritivorous soil animals
Development of yield and nutritive value of timothy in primary growth and regrowth in northern growing conditions
Wood ants (Formica rufa group) in managed boreal forests: implications for soil properties and tree growth
Exposure and human PCDD/F and PCB body burden in Finland
Release of soil phosphorus during runoff as affected by ionic strength and temperature
Effects of and interactions between the extent of silage fermentation and protein and protein supplementation in lactating dairy cows
Occupational cancer in Europe
Challenges in measuring glycaemic index
Heavy metal concentrations in surface river water and bed sediments at Nile Delta in Egypt
Ambient air levels of PAHs in Finland compared to other coutries
Variation in needle nutrient concentrations in the crown of Scots pine on peatland
Bast fibre content, fibre yield and fibre quality of different linseed genotypes
The pharmacy technician series. Pharmacy calculations
Preliminary studies on using LAB strains isolated from spontaneous sauerkraut fermentation in combination with mineral salt, herbs and spices in sauerkraut and sauerkraut juice fermentations
Soil-to-plant transfer of uranium and its distribution between plant parts in four boreal forest species
Direct detection of atmospheric particle formation using the Neutral cluster and Air Ion Spectrometer
Carbon dioxide and methane exchange between a boreal pristine lake and the atmosphere
Vitamin D insufficiency in young Finnish men : associations with bone stress fracture and respiratory tract infections
Bacterial communities in stratified humic lakes
Improvement of the atomic absortion spectrometry method  : Determination of calcium and magnesium from human urine
Summary.
Quantification of proteins and cells : luminometric nonspecific particle-based methods
Water exchange and mixing in a semi-enclosed coastal basin (Pohja Bay)
A theoretical formula for the determination of total content of quinolizidine alkaloids of Lupinus polyphyllus Lindl
The heavy elements : chemistry, environmental impact and health effects
Development of analytical methods for ultra-trace determination of total mercury and methyl mercury in natural water and peat soil samples for environmental monitoring
Proposal of environmental quality standards for plant protection products
Sugars, acids and phenolic compounds in currants and sea buckthorn in relation to the effects of environmental factors
Influence of resource distribution and abundance on the population structure and dynamics of Parnassius apollo
Complexing agents : a study of short-term toxicity, catalytic oxidative degradation and concentrations in industrial waste waters : Kari Pirkanniemi
Salt content labelling of foods in supermarkets in Finland
Fish communities in South-Finnish lakes and their responses to biomanipulation assessed by experimental gillnetting
The uptake by and subsequent translocation of selenium (Se) within the plant is dependent on its chemical from and soil properties that dictate this trace element's bioavailability. Plant species differ in their tendency to accumulate Se. Se taken-up by plants is returned to soil in plant residues, but the bioavailability of organic Se in those residues is poorly known. We investigated the impact of inorganic (Na2SeO4), organic (Se-enriched stem and leaf residues) Se applications and also soil microbial respiration on the growth and Se concentrations of various plant organs of oilseed rape (Brassica napus L.) during its development from the rosette to the seed filling stage. Both inorganic and organic Se slightly improved plant growth and enhanced plant development. Inorganic Se was more bioavailable than the organic forms and resulted in 3-fold to 6-fold higher Se concentrations in the siliques. Inorganic Se in autoclaved soil tended to elevate the Se concentration in all plant parts and at all growth stages. The organic Se raised Se concentrations in plants much less effectively than the inorganic selenate. Therefore, the use of inorganic Se is still recommended for biofortification.
A system for vertical profile measurements of sensible heat and chemical concentrations near the ground surface
Chemical data of plant, animal and human tissues as a basis of geomedical investigations
Grain quality and N uptake of spring cereals as affected by nitrogen fertilization in northern conditions : a meta-analysis
Delayed cracking of metastable low-nickel austenitic stainless steels
Vegetation control on DOC, DON and DIN concentrations in soil water from a montane system, southern Norway
Sensitivity of Baltic Sea deep water salinity and oxygen concentration to variations in physical forcing
Modifying Wheat Bran for Food Applications - Effect of Wet Milling and Enzymatic Treatment
The effect of urban vegetation on the spatial distribution of traffic related air pollution : possible effects of artificial aeration
Testing the modified CREAMS/GLEAMS model for pesticide concentration in soil
Mechanisms of birth asphyxia and a novel resuscitation strategy
Dynamics of dry matter and selenium accumulation in oilseed rape (Brassica napus L.) in response to organic and inorganic selenium treatments
Towards simplified deinking systems : a study of the effects of ageing, pre-wetting and alternative pulping strategy on ink behaviour in pulping
Bone mineral measurements using the gamma ray attenuation method : in vitro and in vivo studies with special reference to the mineral density of the distal radius
Liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry in studies of neurotransmitters and their metabolites in the brain
Variation of phytosterols and steryl ferulates in wheat grains and fractions
Influence of source types and source areas on the concentrations of volatile organic compounds in Southern Finland
Contributions to risk assessment of microcystins, cyanobacterial toxins : development of immunoanalysis and characterization of microcystin variants
FTIR spectroscopic prediction of Klason and acid soluble lignin variation in Norway spruce cutting clones
Nutritional diagnosis of Norway spruce stands growing on drained peatlands using foliar analysis
Changes in the minimum alveolar concentration of isoflurane and some cardiopulmonary measurements during three continuous infusion rates of dexmedetomidine in dogs
Fate of fuel-bound nitrogen and sulfur in biomass-fired industrial boilers
Analysing heavy metal concentrations in the different parts of Elodea canadensis and surface sediment with PCA in two boreal lakes in Southern Finland
Temporal changes in concentrations of serum amyloid-A and haptoglobin and their associations with weight gain in neonatal reindeer calves
Observations of urban aerosols in India
Effects of clone and fertilization on the seed and foliar chemical composition of Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris) grafts
The development of the yield and nutritive value of timothy (Phleum pratense L.) both in the primary growth and in the regrowth were studied at MTT Plant Production Research, a unit of MTT Agrifood Research Finland, in Rovaniemi (66°35'N) in 1999-2001. The dry matter yield and leaf:stem ratio were measured from the crop samples, and the contents of crude protein and organic matter digestibility of both whole plant samples and leaf and stem fractions were analysed. In primary growth, the most rapid increase of dry matter, 220-240 kg/ha per day, was measured around the beginning of the heading stage. There was a very strong positive correlation between the proportion of stems and the amount of dry matter in the primary yield. The daily growth rate of the regrowth was less than half of that of the primary growth. The fastest decrease, 1 percentage unit per day, in crude protein content was measured at the pasture stage (4-5 -leaf stage). During the entire sampling period, the average daily decline in crude protein content in the primary growth of timothy was 0.65 percentage units. The main cause for the rapid decline in crude protein content was the high proportion of stem matter and its low protein content. In the regrowth, during the last four weeks before the harvest, the average daily decline in crude protein content was 0.28 percentage units.The average decline in organic matter digestibility from early pasture stage to late silage stage was 0.9 percentage units per day. The most remarkable change was noticed at the growth stage of timothy when about the half of stems were heading and it was then that the digestibility decreased by more than one percentage unit per day. The rapid decline in organic matter digestibility was due to the low digestibility of stem matter. The daily change in forage digestibility in the regrowth was very small, on average 0.11%.
Occurrence of pharmaceuticals in municipal wastewater treatment plants and receiving surface waters in Central and Southern Finland
Evaluation of certain veterinary drug residues in food : seventy-fifth report of the Joint FAO/WHO Expert Committee on Food Additives
Environmental fate of effluent components from the Kaukas pulp and paper mill in South Saimaa lake system
Abstract: The present thesis work was dedicated to analyze inorganic salt solutions and their properties under vacuum conditions, specifically boiling point elevation and saturation concentration as functions of temperature and pressure. Water Group Ltd. Oy is operating in a field of industrial water processing and one of its key activities is industrial evaporation, as a part of water purification systems.  In the present research work solutions of four inorganic salts and their properties were studied. The analyses described in this thesis work were made in chemical laboratory of Satakunta University of Applied Sciences using equipment supplied by Water Group Ltd., which consisted of rotary evaporator BÜCHI Rotavap R-114 and auxiliary equipment.  Analyses of NaCl and Na2SO4 solutions verified the theory that boiling point elevation of given concentration does not depend on pressure and is constant. Saturation concentration of studied salts also did not depend on pressure, but only on temperature. According to the results solubility of Na2SO4 decreases considerably with an increase of NaCl concentration. The results of laboratory experiments correlated well with the available in literature data and proved efficiency and suitability of the developed methodic for studying parameters of evaporation processes.  The methodic of analyses used in the present thesis work can be applied for studies of other inorganic and organic solutions. The obtained results of laboratory tests will further be used for designing industrial scale evaporators.
Harmful agents (PCDD/Fs, PCBs, and PBDEs) in Finnish reindeer (Rangifer tarandus tarandus) and moose (Alces alces)
On-line determination of residual collector concentration in flotation process
High pre-mining metal concentrations and conductivity in peat around the Talvivaara nickel deposit, eastern Finland
The use of mineral salt, herbs and spices in combination with isolated lactic acid bacteria strains in sauerkraut fermentation was studied. Mineral salt differs from ordinary salt because NaCl is partially replaced by KCl. The mineral salt contains 28% KCl and 57% NaCl. The final NaCl content in the sliced white cabbage mixture was 0.5%. In approximately 20 hours the pH dropped to the desired level. All the pressed sauerkraut juices had a good microbiological quality. The sensory quality of all pressed juices was found to be either good or acceptable.
[sup 238]U-series radionuclides in Finnish groundwater-based drinking water and effective doses
Nutrient concentrations in coarse and fine woody debris of Populus tremuloides Michx.-dominated forests, northern Minnesota, USA
Quantification and clinical relevance of cystatin C
Sax's dangerous properties of industrial materials : 1993 update
Bone mineral measurements using the gamma ray attenuation method : In vitro and vivo studies with special reference to the mineral density of the distal radius
Effects of environmental variations in <em>Escherichia coli</em> fermentations
Environmental geochemical atlas of the Central Barents Region
The effect of ammonium ferric hexacyanoferrate on reducing radiocaesium transfer from grass silage to sheep
At present, there are no means for reliably comparing the wood fiber contents of different material streams within the paper industry material chain with each other. The aim of this article is to introduce conversion factors that make it possible to quantify the volume of wood expressed in roundwood equivalent (RWE) values for different paper industry-related materials in the material chain. These conversion factors apply to wood pulp, paper, and recovered paper. European data are used in quantifying the paper industry material streams and calculating the RWE conversion factors. The introduced conversion factors can be used to estimate RWE volumes at a global scale. With assumption that paper recycling did not occur and that paper production volume remained unchanged, an additional volume of 666 million m3 RWEs would be required globally per annum to produce 167 million tons of virgin wood pulp to replace 222 million tons of recovered paper utilized by the paper industry in 2010. This volume is approximately the same as 1.6 times the total removal of wood in Europe (EU27), or the total annual removal of wood in the USA, Canada, and Brazil combined..
The determination of chlorinity by the Knudsen method
Occurrence and natural enhancement of folate in oats and barley
Hydrogen soil deposition and atmospheric variations in the boreal zone
Improvement of recombinant protein production in shaken cultures:focus on aeration and enzyme-controlled glucose feeding
Indoor and outdoor aerosol particle size characterization in Helsinki
Production of oleaginous microbial biomass by reusing wastewaters
Pressure to change and resistance against it: consumer perceptions and acceptance of nutritionally modified foods
A stoichiometric perspective on host-parasite interactions
Effects of gender, and SLCO1B1 and CYP7A1 polymorphisms on plasma bile acids in humans and the pharmacokinetics of therapeutic ursodeoxycholic acid
Determination of areal snow water equivalent using satellite images and gamma ray spectrometry
DSC studies on water contents of bleached pine pulp
Sustainability science and engineering. Vol. 2, Sustainable water for the future : water recycling versus desalination
Upwelling and its influence on nutrient concentration in the coastal area of the Hanko Penisula, entrance of the Gulf of Finland
Relationships of radiocesium and potassium in the diet and body of Finnish lapps
A bio-optical model for the calculation of suspended matter concentration from MODIS data in the Pakri Bay, the Gulf of Finland
We reviewed quantitatively 40 Finnish field experiments related to the effect of nitrogen (N) fertilizer on the main parameters of grain quality and N uptake of spring cereals. The experiments were conducted on a wide range of mineral soils under varying growth conditions from the 1950s to the 1990s. Overall there was no statistically significant effect on 1000 grain weight and a slightly negative effect on grain test weight. Nitrogen fertilizer increased N uptake much more steeply in slightly acidic soils (SA, pH 5.8-6.9), located mostly in South Finland, than in moderately acidic soils (MA, pH 5.0-5.7), located in Central Finland. With increasing N rates, protein content increased to a larger extent in spring barley and oats than in spring wheat. In the light of the current trend to reduce N fertilizerapplication, the obtained regressions between N rates and the parameters of grain quality may be used to maintain yield quality at a desirable level, while optimizing N management.
Macroscale variation in peat element concentrations in drained boreal peatland forests
From sensors to reasons : fluidized bed spray granulation process monitoring by acoustic emission
Aluminium in food and the environment : the proceedings of a symposium organised by the Environment and Food Chemistry Groups of the Industrial Division of the Royal Society of Chemistry, London, 17th May 1988
Concentrations of mercury (Hg) and cadmium (Cd), and the condition of some coastal Baltic fishes
Wood fiber contents of different materials in the paper industry material chain expressed in roundwood equivalents (RWEs)
Ionic regulation in animals : a tribute to professor W. T. W. Potts
Occurrence of pharmaceuticals in Finnish sewage treatment plants, surface waters and their elimination in drinking water treatment processes
Trends in the concentrations of mercury, copper, zinc and selenium in inhabitants of north-eastern Finnish Lapland in 1982-1991 : a pilot study
Analysis of secondary metabolites in plant and cell culture tissue of Hypericum perforatum L. and Rhodiola rosea L.
User guide for PRELES : a simple model for the assessment of gross primary production and water balance of forests
Cadmium content of Finnish linseed and estimated consumer intake
Glucose metabolism in preclinical type 1 diabetes
A simple dilatometer for determination of the free water content of snow
Differences in the concentration of various synovial fluid constituents between the distal interphalangeal joint, the metacarpophalangeal joint and the navicular bursa in normal horses
Transfer of elements related to the nuclear fuel cycle : evaluation of linearity in boreal ecosystems
How the development of condensation particle counters is reforming our view on atmospheric nucleation
137Cs and 90Sr in blood and urine of lapps and Southern Finns compared with the total body burden of 137Cs and the estimated dietary intake of 90Sr
Mineral element composition of Finnish vegetables, fruit, and berries
The determination of copper content in tea by MPT-AES method
Method development for determination and recovery of rare earth elements from industrial fly ash
Plasma progesterone concentrations depends on sampling site in pigs
Effect of dietary crude protein and energy content on nitrogen utilisation, water intake and urinary output in growing pigs
Dietary phosphorus sources and their acute effects on mineral metabolism in healthy women
Lead and delta-aminolevulinic acid dehydratase in blood of Common Eiders (Somateria mollissima) from the Finnish archipelago
3D model of salinity of bedrock groundwater at Olkiluoto
Synoptic circulation and its influence on spring and summer surface ozone concentrations in southern Sweden
Sulphur dioxide in the cities of Helsinki and Tampere, Finland
The use of mineral salt in natural fermentation of white cabbage into sauerkraut and sauerkraut juice, in order to evaluate whether the amount of NaCl could be lowered, was studied. Mineral salt differs from ordinary salt because NaCl is partially replaced by KCl. In the fermentations mineral salt was used in various amounts (0.8-1.5%) and in combination with garlic and algae. The final NaCl concentrations in these fermentation trials were 0.5-0.9%. Fermentations were also carried out with cabbage sliced to different degrees. The sauerkraut juice fermented by using 0.8% mineral salt (0.5% NaCl) was found to have the best sensory quality. The yield of sauerkraut juice increased as the coarseness of the cabbage mix decreased.
Germination differences between natural and afforested populations of Pinus brutia and Cupressus sempervirens
Evaporation and crystallization of inorganic salt solutions
Root adaptation and ion selectivity affects the nutritional value of salt-stressed hydroponically grown baby-leaf Nasturtium officinale and Lactuca sativa
Gas-phase photoacoustic spectroscopy : advanced methods for photoacoustic detection and signal processing
Concentrations of lead and some other trace elements in deciduous teeth measured by proton-induced X-ray emission
Sauerkraut and sauerkraut juice fermented spontaneously using mineral salt, garlic and algae
Plasma progesterone concentration depends on sampling site in pigs
The hydrolysis of aluminium, a mass spectrometric study
The bifurcational behaviour of the spatially distributed Rayleigh equation
