http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13523 textual research
textual research
The semiotic challenge
Comparing the editorials of Finnish and British popular tabloids
Practical text analytics : interpreting text and unstructured data for business intelligence
Literary texts as nonlinear patterns : a chaotics reading of Rainforest, Transparent things, Travesty, and Tristram Shandy
The writing of melancholy : modes of opposition in early French modernism
Adaptation in contemporary culture : textual infidelities
Publishing for the masses : early modern witchcraft pamphlets
Mythical and legendary narrative in Ovid's Fasti
"What is a paratext, and where can we find it in a Roman text? What kind of space does a paratext occupy, and how does this space relate to the text and its contexts? How do we interpret Roman texts 'paratextually'? And what does this approach suggest about a work's original modes of plotting meaning, or the assumptions that underpin our own interpretation? These questions are central to the conceptual and practical concerns of the volume, which offers a synoptic study of Roman paratextuality and its exegesis within the broad sphere of Roman studies. Its contributions, which span literary, epigraphic and visual culture, focus on a wide variety of paratextual features - e.g. titles and inter-titles, prefaces, indices, inscriptions, closing statements, decorative and formalistic details - and other paratextual phenomena, such as the frames that can be plotted at various intersections of a text's formal organization"--
Principles and practice of textual analysis
Women in industrialized societies have a lifelong relationship with consumerism. They are caught up in a ''consumer femininity'', since a feminine identity involves, among other things, a particular mode of consumption. This study, presented in full for the first time in this volume, aims to stimulate critical awareness of consumer femininity. It culminates in sample analysis of a type of discourse that contributes to the formation of women as feminine subjects: the teen magazine. The book proposes an approach to doing critical discourse analysis that focuses on the constitution of a language user''s subjectivity in the act of reading. Influenced by the early work of Norman Fairclough, it locates points of focus for taking up a critical (and specifically feminist) reading position in discourse analysis. In doing so, it seeks to provide theoretical and analytical grounding for a critical pedagogy that will take into the classroom attention to language and construction of language users'' subjectivities.
The 'Textual history of the bible' (THB) is envisioned as the first comprehensive collection of information on the texts of the Hebrew Bible. This reference work will be published in print in four volumes, comprising numerous entries written by recognized specialists. The topics of these entries will include but are not limited to textual history, textual character, translation techniques, importance of each textual witness of the Hebrew Bible, deuterocanonical writings for each biblical book, history of research, editorial histories of the Hebrew Bible, papyrology, codicology, and linguistics, etc. In addition, overview articles discussing the textual history of each biblical book from its beginning until its Arab and Slavonic translations will be included. Each volume further provides a collective bibliography and a glossary. Volume 1 covers the books of the Hebrew canon. The volume opens with a series of overview articles on the history of the Jewish and Christian canons, on the ancient Hebrew and Aramaic texts. These entries are followed by articles on the different primary translations (Greek, Aramaic, Syriac, Latin) and uniquely the secondary translations as well (Latin, Coptic, Ethiopic, Syriac, Armenian, Georgian, Christian Palestinian Aramaic, Old Slavonic, and Arabic) most of which were sourced from the Greek. THB 1 concludes with a series of articles on the biblical text as it is attested in the Apocrypha and Pseudepigrapha, in Josephus, Philo, the New Testament, Rabbinic Literature, the Greek Church Fathers, the Latin Church Fathers, the Syriac Church Fathers, and the Coptic Church Fathers.
Telling how texts talk : essays on reading and ethnomethodology
Smysly, teksty i drugie zahvatyvaûŝie sûžety : sbornik statej v čest' 80-letiâ I. A. Mel'čuka = Meanings, texts and other exciting things : a festschrift to commemorate the 80th anniversary of professor Igor Alexandrovič Mel'čuk
The Cambridge companion to the Qur'ān
Form and meaning of Yasna 33
Discourse and genre : analysing language in context
Literary fat ladies : rhetoric, gender, property
In the Hebrew Bible, war is a prominent topic which is dealt with in both legal and narrative texts. So far, the interplay between the two areas has received only little attention. This volume explores the impact of biblical war legislation on war accounts in the Hebrew Bible and in Early Jewish Literature. It provides case studies which show the importance of the topic and shed new light on redaction- and reception-historical developments.
Publishing for the masses : early modern English witchcraft pamphlets
Re-drawing Austen : picturesque travels in Austenland
Writer and translator : one or two writing styles?
The Sayings Gospel Q was composed in the central decades of the first century CE by Galilean villagers who had acquired knowledge of Greek mostly through their involvement with the public administration. The present book analyzes the text of Q in order to rediscover the terminological and ideological traces of the activity of these sub-elite scribes in the Sayings Gospel. Given the bureaucratic positions occupied by the members of this group, the peculiar use of the phrase Basileia tou theou carries a specific significance for its theological political implications. On the basis of Giorgio Agamben's recent revision of the category of political theology, the attitude of Q on divine kingship is understood as an instance of sub-elite negotiation of social and political positions vis-à-vis the expansion of Roman imperial hegemony in the eastern Mediterranean. In this context the author(s) of Q envisage apocalyptic scenarios in which divine kingship replaces human rulers and native sub-elite bureaucrats can share in the exercise of cosmic government.
Fiction through metaphor : a case study of The God of small things
Lexicography, together with grammatical studies and textual criticism, forms the basis of biblical exegesis. Recent decades have seen much progress in this field, yet increasing specialization also tends to have the paradoxical effect of turning exegesis into an independent discipline, while leaving lexicography to the experts. The present volume seeks to renew and intensify the exchange between the study of words and the study of texts.
Issues in Slavic literary and cultural theory = Studien zur Literatur- und Kulturtheorie in Osteuropa
Obscurity in medieval texts
In search of textual boundaries : a case study on the transmission of scientific writing in 16th-century England
Keyness in texts
Debating texts : a reader in twentieth-century literary theory and method
The reception of biblical war legislation in narrative contexts : proceedings of the EABS research group "Law and Narrative"
Arabic-English dictionary of Qur'anic usage
The existential sentence : a diachronic model
Language mixing and code-switching in writing : approaches to mixed-language written discourse
Biblical lexicology : Hebrew and Greek : semantics - exegesis - translation
From Passio Perpetuae to Acta Perpetuae : recontextualizing a martyr story in the literature of the Early Church
Computerised corpora and the development of beside(s)
Literary meaning and the changing context of interpretation : a reader-oriented approach to Waiting for Godot
Interaction on the Page : Paratexts in two manuscripts of the Middle English Polychronicon
Exodus : a commentary on the Greek text of Codex Vaticanus
Part I The Still Waters of Narrative: The Boring and the PlotlessConversational and Authorial Disclosure in the Dialogue Novel: The Case of The Friends of Eddie Coyle. Resistance to Plot and Uneven Narrativity: A Journey from “A Boring Story” to The Rings of Saturn. What Happens When Nothing Happens: Interpreting Narrative Technique in the Plotless Novels of Nicholson Baker. Events Can Be Quoted (and Words Need Not Be). Pynchon's Poetics of Boredom: Cognitive and Textual Aspects of Novelistic Dreariness. Part II A Web of Sense: Interpreting the Disturbing and the Difficult Toward a Zoonarratology: Storytelling and Species Difference in Animal Comics. Watching a Tree Grow: Terrence Malick's The New World and the Nature of Cinema. Navigating—Making Sense—Interpreting (The Reader behind La Jalousie). History Impossible: Narrating and Motivating the Past. Unnatural Temporalities: Interfaces between Postmodernism, Science Fiction, and the Fantastic. The Imperfect Is Our Paradise: Intertextuality and Fragmentary Narration in Margaret Atwood's Alias Grace. Fragile Narrative Situations: Conrad Compared to Sebald. Part III Shadow of a Tail: Problems of AuthorshipName Change and Author Avatars in Varlam Shalamov and Primo Levi. Stranger than Fiction, or, Jerome David Salinger, Author of Lolita: Real, Implied and Fictive Authorship. Translators, Scoundrels and Gentlemen of Honor: Problems of Nabokov's Loyalty. Affordances of Form in Stanzaic Narrative Poetry. A Shadow on the Marble.
Royal image and political thinking in the letters of Assurbanipal
Finnish summary.
A comparative study of simplified texts : a focus on relative clauses
From castles to wilderness : keywords creating destination images of the British Isles and Canada : a corpus-based study
Exact methods in the study of language and text : dedicated to  Gabriel Altmann on the occasion of his 75th birthday
Brazilian womanhood in the prime time telenovela : a textual analysis of Aguinaldo Silva's "Senhora do Destino"
Blood symbolism in Stephen King's novel 'Carrie'
Analysing media texts
"Bridging the gap between the marketer who must put text analytics to use and the increasingly rarefied community of data analysis experts, Practical Text Analytics is an accessible guide to the many remarkable advances in text analytics that specialists are discussing among themselves. Instead of being a resource for programmers, a book on theory or an introduction on how to use advanced statistical programs, this daily reference resource cuts through the profusion of jargon, evaluating the strengths and weaknesses of various methods and serving as a guide to what is credible in this fast-moving and often confusing field. Practical Text Analytics provides guidance on the application of text analytics for marketing professionals who must interpret the results and apply them in their campaigns. It presents the process of analysis in ways that people who use the data need to see them, helping marketers to clarify and organize confidently the confusing array of methods, frame the right questions and apply the results successfully to find meaning in any unstructured data and develop powerful new marketing strategies. About the series: The Marketing Science series makes difficult topics accessible to marketing students and practitioners by grounding them in business reality. Each book is written by an expert in the field and includes case studies and illustrations so marketers can gain confidence in applying the tools and techniques and commission external research"--
Publishing for the masses. Early modern English witchcraft pamphlets : lectio praecursoria
Rebuilding defenses : exploration in Norman Fairclough's theory of critical discourse analysis
The evolution of texts : confronting stemmatological and genetical methods : proceedings of the International Workshop held in Louvain-la-Neuve on September 1-2, 2004
Humorous texts : a semantic and pragmatic analysis
Abnormal Hieratic and early Demotic texts collected by the Theban choachytes in the reign of Amasis : papyri from the Louvre Eisenlohr lot. Part 2, Plates
Reductive and generative approaches to morphological variation of keywords in monolingual information retrieval
The well-being of the body as metaphor for society and mind : a corpus-based comparison of Early Modern and Present-day English
Ancrene Wisse : a corrected edition of the text in Cambridge, Corpus Christi College, MS 402, with variants from other manuscripts. Vol. 2
Torah in 1Maccabees : a literary critical approach to the text
Medieval manuscript miscellanies : composition, authorship, use
Women's life writing and imagined communities
Abnormal hieratic and early demotic texts collected by the Theban choachytes in the reign of Amasis : papyri from the Louvre Eisenlohr lot. Part 1, Text
A Alma amortalhada : Mário de Sá-Carneiro's use of metaphor and image
Between herbals et alia : intertextuality in Medieval English herbals
From women to gender : a diachronic exploration of participant representation in texts from the United Nations
From Vasubandhu to Caitanya : studies in Indian philosophy and its textual history / ed. by Johannes Bronkhorst; Karin Preisendanz
Creation and practical use of language texts : proceedings of the second international conference studies for the integrated text science
The well-being of the body as metaphor for society and mind : a corpus-based comparison of early modern and present-day English
Coordinated verb pairs in texts
This volume provides a state-of-the-art overview of theory, methodology and practices in the assessment of writing. The focus throughout the book is on the construct of writing and its assessment: what constitutes writing ability and how can it be defined (in various contexts)? This question cannot be answered without looking into the methodological question of how to validate and measure the construct of writing ability. Throughout the book, therefore, discussions integrate theoretical and methodological issues. A number of chapters discusses whether varying definitions and varying operationalizations of writing ability are needed in various contexts, such as formative assessments versus summative assessments, large scale assessments versus individual assessments, different tasks, different genres, and different languages, but also different age groups. A range of rating methods is investigated and discussed in this book. The ongoing debate on holistic versus analytic ratings, and the different underlying conceptions of writing proficiency, is a pertinent matter, on which a number of chapters in this volume shed new light. The matter is discussed and analyzed from various angles, such as generalizability of judgements and usability in formative contexts. Another fundamental debate concerns computer scoring of written products. A nuanced discussion of its validity is presented in this volume.
South Asian texts in history : critical engagements with Sheldon Pollock
Rewriting loss : melancholia, ethics, and aesthetics in selected works by Chuang Hua, Maxine Hong Kingston, and Fae Myenne Ng
'He drowned in Holmrs̕ sea - His cargo-ship drifted to the sea-bottom, only three came out alive' : records and representations of Baltic traffic in the Viking Age and the Early Middle Ages in early Nordic sources
Textual History of the Bible. Volume 1A, Overview articles
A companion to digital humanities
Measuring writing : recent insights into theory, methodology and practices
Yonas and Yavanas in Indian literature
Shakespeare and text
Meknowt'iwn Araraçoc' = Commentary on Genesis
Differences between fact and fiction : an analysis of selected cohesive aspects and their effect on readability in Dan Brown's Da Vinci code
Cross-linguistic corpora for the study of translations : insights from the language pair English-German
Language, intertextuality and subjectivity : voices in the construction of consumer feminity
How noir was my valley : perspectives on the Welsh noir novel arising from Niall Griffith's Sheepshagger
Perspectives on mobility and travelling : a study of references to functionally-bounds forms of individual movement in non-literary texts from New Kongdom Deir el-Medina
Miscellaneous hymns : Middle Persian and Parthian hymns in theTurfan Collection
(M)Other tongues : literary reflexions on a difficult distinction
Tourism destination as any other product needs to be marketed and promoted in order to attract more customers. Tourist brochures and travel guides are one if the popular promoting and informative tools. They are saturated with pictures which aim to influence the readers' minds; however, the role of the text seems to be overviewed. Words also have persuading power and they also may have impact on the purchase decision buy transmitting not only factual information, but also by evoking emotions which will obscure the mind.    “How to design a text so that it could irradiate desirable emotions?” - it is the principal question of the present research. This problem is resolved by developing a structure of key vocabulary which carries an emotional charge and should implicitly touch the necessary strings of the reader's subconscious.     The framework is applied to the case of Finland which is promoted as a tourism destination via a tourist brochure in order to verify if the developed approach can be used for revealing hidden emotions and also discover what emotions are thought to awake interest towards Finland and its attractions. Content analysis as a qualitative research instrument was used to collect and systemize the data from the travel brochure.     Findings and analysis show that the defined means of emotional expression are used in promotional text and can be applies to reveal the emotional image of described tourism attractions.  In practice it gives possibility to assess the emotional content separately from the text and discuss if the result is what the marketers wanted the customers to feel or not and take steps for redesigning the textual content if required.
The Roman paratext : frame, texts, readers
Cyclical evolution : BnF Mss 12558, 781 and the Enfances Goderoi
Théorie, analyse, interprétation des récits = Theory, analysis, interpretation of narratives
Redefining literary semiotics
The Gnostic dialogue : the early church and the crisis of Gnosticism
Old Prussian written monuments : text and comments
Function and genres : studies on the linguistic features of discourse types
Poetry and its language : papers in honour of Teresa Bela
Écrire sa vie, vivre son écriture : the autobiographical self-reflection of Annie Ernaux and Marguerite Duras
Towards a rhetoric of everyday life : new directions in research on writing, text, and discourse
Emotional image of tourism destinations : case FTB tourist brochures to Russians
In search of a predecessor to a Ruthenian tetraevangel
Rewriting texts remaking images : interdisciplinary perspectives
Searching for the human factor : psychology, power and ideology in Hungary during the early Kádár period
Emotional persuasion in American political speeches
Meaning in action : outline of an integral theory of culture
Literature a a textualist notion
Persuasion and promotional language in three travel guidebooks on Finland
Introducing electronic text analysis
Identity through a language lens
Narrative, interrupted : the plotless, the disturbing and the trivial in literature
The politics of metaphor : biotechnology and biodiversity in the media
Even though violence often functions irrationally, recent research has suggested that, as a form of nonverbal communication, violence follows certain rules. The essays explore this phenomenon, with a special focus on collective violence. They investigate examples taken from the cultural and literary history of the premodern era to examine rules of violent action, rules that provoke violence, and rules about discussing violence.
Specialist wanted : evaluation and implicit marketing in the Nokia recruitment advert text
Text, discourse, and corpora : theory and analysis
Libro de Apolonio : an old Spanish poem. Part 1, Text and introduction
The problem of equivalence in translating texts in international reading literacy studies : atext analytic study of three English and Finnish texts used in the PISA 2000 reading texts
Critical approaches to comics : theories and methods
Obscurity and memory in late medieval Latin manuscript culture : the case of the Summarium Biblie
Text authenticity in international reading literacy assessment : focusing on PISA 2000
Rules and violence : on the cultural history of collective violence from Late Antiquity to the Confessional Age = Regeln und Gewalt : zur Kulturgeschichte der kollektiven Gewalt von der Spätantike bis zum konfessionellen Zeitalter
Studies in political humour : in between political critique and public entertainment
Kingdom of bureaucracy : the political theology of village scribes in the Sayings Gospel Q
Criticism, crisis, and contemporary narrative : textual horizons in an age of global risk
"This accessible guide to discourse employs an innovative, inductive approach, with a clear focus on genre that allows students to examine language in context. Using real texts, students are shown how each dimension of discourse links together and are offered practical guidance on how to carry out a discourse analysis project"--
Summary: On the brink of time : autobiographical time, diaries and the culture of memory.
Amel-Marduk 562-560 B. C. : a study based on cuneiform, Old Testament, Greek, Latin and Rabbinical sources, with plates
Computer games : text, narrative and play
Geographies in writing : re-imagining place
The n-factor and Russian prepositions : their development in 11th-20th century texts
Language in the media : representations, identities, ideologies
Textual criticism and Qur'ān manuscripts
