http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p135 managing
managing
The 15 minute rule
Stress in teachers : past, present and future
This volume includes a wide range of papers that explore individual and institutional aspects of religion from a social-science perspective. The special section has articles from research groups in Europe, the USA and Australia on clergy work-related psychological health, stress, burnout and coping strategies. The general papers include studies on coping strategies among Buddhists, gender differences in response to church decline, teenage participation in religion, social capital among Friends of Cathedrals, psychological profiles of clergy, education effects on Roman Catholic deacons, and an analysis of prayer requests. Together these papers form a valuable collection indicating the depth and vibrancy of research in these fields.
Sound Mind in Sound Hands : Efsli 2009 conference proceedings, Tallinn, Estonia, September 19th - 20th 2009
How to deal with stress
Grace under pressure : going the distance as an Aspergers mum
Anders Ericsson has spent thirty years studying The Special Ones, the geniuses, sports stars and musical prodigies. And his remarkable finding, revealed in Peak, is that their special abilities are acquired through training. The innate gift of talent is a myth. Exceptional individuals are born with just one unique ability, shared by us all the ability to develop our brains and bodies through our own efforts.
Stress at work : stress management
The feelgood plan : happier, healthier & slimmer in 15 minutes a day
The laws of the knowledge workplace : changing roles and the meaning of work in knowledge-intensive environments
Nerve-wracking or rewarding? : a multidisciplinary approach to investigating work-related well-being, stress regulation and quality of pedagogical work among early childhood professionals
Work-related well-being among Finnish frontline social workers in an age of austerity
Upside of stress : why stress is good for you, and how to get good at it
Stress-busting for teachers
Brooklyn's finest
The best place to work : the art and science of creating an extraordinary workplace
The power of no : take back your life with a two-letter word
Researching resilience
Empathy fatigue : healing the mind, body, and spirit of professional counselors
Work motivation and stress in customer related businesses
Staying well in an unstable world of work : prospective cohort study of the determinants of employee well-being
Coping with work stress : a review and critique
Managing people for the first time : gaining commitment and improving performance
Abstract: Mental well-being among the students of Helsinki Metropolia University of Applied Sciences 2010.
How to have a good day
A method for evaluating the load of patient transfers
The complete idiot's guide to beating stress
Work-life balance : a practical guide for teachers
"Mental toughness measures how effectively individuals respond to stress, pressure, and challenges. Understanding this concept is essential to improving performance for both the individual and organization, and authors Peter Clough and Doug Strycharczyk explain mental toughness clearly and effectively. This new updated edition includes greater coverage of how mental toughness relates to other behaviors and can be applied to leadership, creativity, emotional intelligence, and motivation. It also looks at applications in employability and entrepreneurship, and expands its coverage of coaching for mental toughness. "--
Resilient teachers, resilient schools : building and sustaining quality in testing times
Stress : a management guide
"Here I could say what I probably wouldn't have said elsewhere" : teachers' peer group as a narrative environment.
Process of burnout : structure, antecedents, and consequences
Bossy and autocratic superiors. Non-managers - lax, lazy or unassertive in their work. Difficult personalities, piggy-backers, bullies and avengers - the styles of work behavior are many. Neglect of client needs, maltreatment and maximisation of personal benefit. Unresolved conflicts. The problems are prevalent and familiar. Why is nothing done about them? The answer is the Evil Eleven Syndrome. The book describes the dark side of workplaces, weakening both wellbeing and performance. The theoretical frame of reference is the X Efficiency theory of organisational economics. With the help of this innovative theory it is possible to explain, conceptualise and understand phenomena that traditional economic theory does not address. The book examines organisational inefficiency from the perspective of human decision-making, work behaviour and pressures. The individual level is important, because organisational performance is based on the productivity of work.
Coping with chronic illness and disability : theoretical, empirical, and clinical aspects
Frequent flyers : stressors and coping strategies
A great day at the office : 10 simple strategies for maximising your energy and getting the best out of yourself and your day
The effect of work stressors on the quality of clinical care and the private life of nurses
English summary: Calling, serving, coping: sisters at the Orivesi leprosy hospital (1904-1953).
The resilience handbook : approaches to stress and trauma
Mental workload and its effects on work-life balance : a case study
The happy, healthy nonprofit
Biblical insight for coping with chaos
Longbourn : a novel
Balance your life and work : how to get the best from your job and still have a life
Police officer stress awareness and management : a handbook for practitioners
Interventions for occupational stress management among nurses : A systematic literature review
Self-reg : how to help your child (and you) break the stress cycle and successfully engage with life
Beyond coping : meeting goals, visions, and challenges
Business for Bohemians : Live Well, Make Money
Teacher stress as a longitudinal process
Abstract: Well-being in low-income families with children.
Managing life with a memory disorder : the mutual processes of those with memory disorders and their family caregivers following a diagnosis
In How to Have a Good Day, economist and former McKinsey partner Caroline Webb shows readers how to use recent findings from behavioral economics, psychology, and neuroscience to transform our approach to everyday working life. Advances in these behavioral sciences are giving us ever better understanding of how our brains work, why we make the choices we do, and what it takes for us to be smart and savvy. But it's not always been easy to see how to apply these insights in the workplace - until now. In How to Have a Good Day, Webb explains how three big scientific ideas can help us be at our best every day. She shows us exactly how to apply this science to our plans, tasks and conversations, in step-by-step guidance that allows us to: set better priorities; make the hours go further; turn every interaction into a success; strengthen our personal impact; be resilient in the face of setbacks; and sustain our energy over the course of the day.
Older workers in a sustainable society
Becoming a scholar : the dynamic interaction between the doctoral student and the schlarly community
Do cool sh*t : (Quit your day job, start your own business, and live happily ever after)
Managing stress : principles and strategies for health and well-being
Rehabilitation nursing : prevention, intervention, and outcomes
Facing death belongs strongly to field of nursing. Terminally ill patients require holistic care which can be referred as palliative care. One important part of this kind of care is communicating about imminence of death and dying. This communicational relationship has not been greatly studied previously. In this thesis, nurses' means, manners, abilities, and willingness to discuss about death and dying were explored. Study approach was qualitative. Theme interviews were conducted with, all together, six nurses of palliative care unit of Tampere University Hospital. Qualitative content analysis was exerted.  Discussing about sensitive subjects such as death and dying was viewed challenging. It was discovered that the nurses of palliative care were willing to talk about death and dying with the terminally ill, but lack of time greatly influenced this issue among other factors. Nurses possessed different means by which these conversations could be supported such as physical touch. Personal coping of the nurses developed its own field of study. This subject could be researched further, for example, how the issue of lacking time could be improved. As it was also discovered, nurses had not gained adequate information about the subject in their basic training. It could be useful to study Finnish nursing education concerning care of the dying.  Key words: death and dying, palliative care, communication.
Seasonal psychophysiological stress of teachers related to age and aerobic fitness
On-call stress among Finnish anaesthetists
Teacher burnout in the public schools : structural causes and consequences for children
Working with the enemy : how to survive and thrive with really difficult people
Abstract: Experiences of home care situations and some ways to cope with them as reported by spouses of persons with dementia.
Towards successful seniorityTM group method : participant's workbook
From the Publisher: Provides a positive and supportive guide to understanding, preventing and managing the stress that can be associated with student life.  The book is structured around the main stressors that are likely to be encountered as a student, such as the initial adjustment to University life, financial difficulties and the pressure of examination.  Throughout, the emphasis is on achieving well-being, by minimizing the disruption caused by stress and learning from difficult experiences.  Three main strategies are investigated for handling stress: Reducing the likelihood of encountering stressful situations; Learning how to handle stressful situations when they can't be avoided; Moving on from stressful experiences and achieving positive well-being.  This guide will be a great help to any student troubled by the pressures of University.  The highly practical strategies provided here will help to ensure that the reader gets the most from their time as a student, without the interference of unnecessary stress.
Caring for ourselves : a therapist's guide to personal and professional well-being
Stress in life and at work
Essentialism : the disciplined pursuit of less
Award-winning psychologist Ron Friedman uses the latest research from the fields of motivation, creativity, behavioral economics, neuroscience, and management to reveal what really makes us successful at work. Combining powerful stories with cutting-edge findings, Friedman shows leaders at every level how they can use scientifically proven techniques to promote smarter thinking, greater innovation, and stronger performance.
Longbourn
The new public management and its discontents
Surviving the workplace : a guide to emotional well-being
Buddhism for parents on the go : gems to minimise stress
Smart student's guide to healthy living : how to survive stress, late nights & the college cafeteria
Depression in new mothers : causes, consequences, and treatment alternatives
Adolescent girls in distress : a guide for mental health treatment and prevention
The psychology of fatigue : work, effort, and control
Peak : secrets from the new science of expertise
Developing mental toughness : coaching strategies to improve performance, resilience and wellbeing
How to retain employees : case SOL Palvelut Oy (3321)
"Mental toughness is about how effectively individuals respond to stress, pressure and challenge. It is rooted in the notion of resilience but moves beyond this by being highly applicable and measurable. Understanding this concept is essential to improving performance for both the individual and organization, and this ground-breaking book explains mental toughness clearly and effectively. Tracing its development from sports psychology into the world of business, health and education, Developing Mental Toughness was the first book to look at applications at the organizational level and to provide a reliable psychometric measure. The new edition includes greater coverage of how mental toughness relates to other behaviours and can be applied to leadership, creativity, emotional intelligence, and motivation. It also looks at its applications in employability and entrepreneurship, and there will be expanded coverage of coaching for mental toughness. Written for anyone coaching individuals and teams for improved performance, the book contains practical guidance and techniques, exercises, case studies and the Mental Toughness self-assessment tool"--
Sound Mind in Sound Hands : Efsli 2009 conference proceedings, Tallinn, Estonia, September 19th - 20th 2009 [Moniviestin]
Coping behaviors and nursing
Fat Girls and Fairy Cakes
Well-being creates productivity : the Druvan model
Towards successful seniorityTM : from family leave to work : participant's workbook
The stress-free guide to studying at university : a student's guide towards a better life
Psychosocial Dimensions of Oncology Nursing Care
The significance of perceived development opportunities in the context of retention : comparing ageing and younger nurses
Becoming a scholar : the dynamic interaction between the doctoral student and the scholarly community
Hopelessness in a general population of Finnish adults = Toivottomuus suomalaisessa aikuisväestössä
From emotional turmoil to tranquility : grief as a process of giving in a study on spousal bereavement
Resource-enhancing nursing at home for families with small children : evaluation of early interventions
Banishing burnout : six strategies for improving your relationship with work
Work stress : studies of the context, content, and outcomes of stress : a book of readings
Do more faster : techstars lessons to accelerate your startup
Now of never : nurses communicating about death and dying with a patient
Coping With Work Stress: A Review and Critique highlights the most up-to-date research relating to effective coping strategies of individuals and organizations and provides a series of invaluable best practice techniques for dealing with the growing epidemic of stress and lack of overall well-being at work. The authors -- renowned experts in the field -- offer their carefully considered critical reviews of issues surrounding the latest work stress and coping studies and identify several new strategic pathways to stimulate future research.
Teach yourself : managing stress
Work stress in the nursing profession : an evaluation of organizational causal attribution
Evil eleven syndrome dark side of workplaces : pressures at work and costs of non-interference
Research in the social scientific study of religion. Volume 26
Mental well-being among the students of Helsinki Metropolia University of Applied Sciences 2010
Loving someone who has dementia : how to find hope while coping with stress and grief
This thesis was commissioned by SOL Palvelut Oy (3321). As a leading company in the cleaning industry, SOL considers its employees as one of the most valuable assets in sustaining the company's competitive advantage. Therefore, retaining and motivating the employees has become the top concern of the company. In the study reported here, the motivation of the employees at SOL is examined with intent to gain feedback regarding training offered by the company.   The aim of this project is to find out the current situation as to employee motivation and the effects on employee retention; and give company a general image on how the employees react to the training provided. The theoretical part is draws from the two-factor theory proposed by Fredrick Herzberg. A questionnaire was formulated in order to gather empirical evidence. One-quarter of the employees were selected at random from SOL 3321 area, and the questionnaire was delivered to them either by email or by mail.   The outcome is analyzed and related recommendations are provided in the end of this report. The study showed that not all the respondents were motivated with SOL, and some of them did not have any plans for working for SOL on a long-term base. In order to reverse the situation, the author gives recommendations regarding the compensation system of SOL, substance and emotional encouraging, and employee involvement with the company.  .
Personal resilience for healthcare staff : when the going gets tough
Managing stress : from theory to application
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Learning from burnout : developing sustainable leaders and avoiding career derailment
Managing workplace stress : a best practice blueprint
Aggression at work : from structured labour market conflict to inter- and intra-personal tension
Burnout at work : a psychological perspective
Coping strategies
Handbook of stress, coping and health : implications for nursing, research, theory, and practice
How to save an hour every day
Stress has been experienced since ancient times, but it has never been worse than it is here in the early 21st century. Nowadays stress is responsible for more than fifty percent of all illness. Despite this fact, the phenomenon of stress still hasn't been that deeply studied.  Contemporary society has to deal with the relatively new concept of -workplace stress more and more often. In order to answer the questions as to: -Why? and -What to do? the problem of stress should be looked at in depth at individual workplaces. Only after this is done an appropriate and specific stress management programme can be created. The purpose of this present study is to determine the main reasons for and consequences of stress at work, and to find the most effective ways of preventing it and coping with it. The research also analyzes the overall current situation of stress at work and takes a look at some historical facts related to the origins of stress. People from different age groups, working spheres and cultures were invited for the interview during the year 2009, in order to get more information and practical examples from real life situations.  Since there wasn't really any specific research found on this topic, my study will be potentially quite useful to companies, especially in the success of their overall development. This research can be also presented to students in order to prepare them for the challenging working life which awaits them.
Toward wellness : prevention, coping and stress
