http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1359 stations (traffic areas)
stations (traffic areas)
Disability retirement : socioeconomic differences and health outcomes
How clients perceive the functioning of Tapionkatu Health Centre : a quantitative study
A house with no windows : a novel
Shifting positions : a compass to the everyday life of integration
Strategy for the development of Arab women in Western Asia to the year 2000
With the expansion of the EU in 2004, the free movement of workers across the Continent will further affect the employment opportunities of women. This sociological study explores the complex inter-relationship between women's employment, equal opportunities and Women's Studies training. This volume provides unique information about, and insightful analysis of, the changing patterns of women's employment in Europe; equal opportunities in a cross-European perspective; educational migration; gender, race, ethnicity and nationality; and the uneven prevalence and impact of Women's Studies on the lifestyles and everyday practices of those women who have experienced it.
Faith and freedom : women's human rights in the Muslim world
Approaches on gender equality in development cooperation : a comparison between the international, national and project levels
Women and their agency in the neo-Assyrian empire
Child and youth policy programme 2012-2015
Endangered daughters : discrimination and development in Asia
Women, environment and development
Observations of atmospheric electricity, 1989
Women of Byzantium
Gender perceptions and schooling preferences in Cameroon
"My house is my husband" : a Kenyan study of women's access to land and housing
Railroads and the American people
All the single ladies : unmarried women and the rise of an independent nation
Abstract: Women's voices and peripheral politics : feminist interpretations of the transition of stage in the Ireland of the 1990's.
Panic station
Lost goddesses : the denial of female power in Cambodian history
Trade-offs, rights and responsibilities in the business of microcredit : a case study from South Africa
The budding tree : six stories of love in Edo
Translation under negotiation : the textual interplay of translators and editors in contemporary Finnish Shakespeare translation
Black feminist thought : knowledge, consciousness, and the politics of empowerment
SuperStructures : the world's greatest modern structures
Timber in transport
When the space station Heimdall is invaded, Hannah and Nik must work together to defeat the enemy. --
The city and the railway in Europe
Laboratory for a new architecture : The Airport Terminal, Eero Saarinen, and the historiography of modern architecture : lektio
Are the healthier wealthier or the wealthier healthier? : the European evidence
Households' assets
Corruption on the Finnish-Russian border
The rocky road to romance
Sisters or strangers : immigrant, ethnic and racialized women in Canadian history
Class in Jane Austen's novels
Observations of atmospheric electricity, 1990
Office ladies and salaried men : power, gender, and work in Japanese companies
Women and revolution in Viet Nam
European Groupage Network : case: DSV Daily Pallet
Women around the Baltic sea. Part 1, Estonia, Latvia, and Lithuania
The European women's almanac
Women's seclusion and men's honor : sex roles in North India, Bangladesh, and Pakistan
Doing women's studies : employment, opportunities, personal impacts and social consequences
Feminism and the Third Republic : women's political and civil rights in France, 1918-1945
Post-communism : women's lives in transition
Letter to the Bishops of the Catholic Church on the collaboration of men and women in the church and in the world
Power and women in the Neo-Assyrian palaces
Growing up in Central Australia : new anthropological studies of Aboriginal childhood and adolescence
Associations of socioeconomic position and self-rated physical fitness in Finnish population
A sourcebook on women's lives, rights, status, arranged by country. Snyder includes not only graphs and tables covering such topics as education, employment, and healthcare, but also summaries of history, letters, and first-person accounts. The format makes comparison and contrast easy, if not inevitable, and the comments and quotations enliven the statistics and add an element of humanity. A valuable research tool for women's studies as well as fascinating reading.
Missoula : rape and the justice system in a college town
Hillbilly elegy : a memoir of a family and culture in crisis
Observations of atmospheric electricity 1986
In this sparkling debut, magic and mayhem clash with the British elite...  The Royal Society of Unnatural Philosophers, one of the most respected organizations throughout all of England, has long been tasked with maintaining magic within His Majesty's lands. But lately, the once proper institute has fallen into disgrace, naming an altogether unsuitable gentleman--a freed slave who doesn't even have a familiar--as their Sorcerer Royal, and allowing England's once profuse stores of magic to slowly bleed dry. At least they haven't stooped so low as to allow women to practice what is obviously a man's profession...  At his wit's end, Zacharias Wythe, Sorcerer Royal of the Unnatural Philosophers and eminently proficient magician, ventures to the border of Fairyland to discover why England's magical stocks are drying up. But when his adventure brings him in contact with a most unusual comrade, a woman with immense power and an unfathomable gift, he sets on a path which will alter the nature of sorcery in all of Britain--and the world at large.
Tess of the d'Urbervilles : a pure woman faithfully presented
In this paper, the relationship between education and labor market positioning for Surinamese Dutch in Amsterdam, the Netherlands, is explored. The relationship is measured at two points with a 10 year interval. Over these years, little change can be noted in labor market positioning, while educational achievements increase drastically. In the discussion, several explanations are suggested. The relationship between education and labor market positioning in the country today is used to conclude that in Amsterdam and the Netherlands, the relationship between education and labor market positioning is not linear and local data are needed to understand local labor markets to the fullest..
Women, work and the family in Europe
The Duty to license software in a dominant market position : the essential facility doctrine
Observations of atmospheric electricity, 1988
The building level substation : the innovation of district heating system
Mama Koko and the hundred gunmen : one ordinary family's extraordinary tale of love, loss, and survival in Congo
Bulgarian rural women today
IEC 61850 Demonstration System with Netcon 500 and VAMP protection relays
Where there is no path : Lee Tai-Young : her story
Women in Egyptian public life
Understanding Microsoft virtualization solutions : from the desktop to the datacenter
Feminism without borders : decolonizing theory, practicing solidarity
Labour migrations : women on the move
When India became independent in 1947 after two centuries of colonial rule, it immediately adopted a firmly democratic political system, with multiple parties, freedom of speech, and extensive political rights. Maintaining rapid as well as environmentally sustainable growth remains an important and achievable goal for India. Two of India's leading economists argue that the country's main problems lie in the lack of attention paid to the essential needs of the people, especially of the poor, and often of women. In the long run, even the feasibility of high economic growth is threatened by the underdevelopment of social and physical infrastructure and the neglect of human capabilities.
Ngambika : studies of women in African literature
Summary (s. 3)
Mobile technology, gender and development in  Africa, India and Bangladesh
Principles of  defining embedded software integration test cases for a 3G radio network base station
Abstract: One for many: on the Althusser's interpretation  of Machiavelli.
Expectations and visions of elderly care among people aged 50-59 years : the report of transnational survey in Finland, the Netherlands, Poland and Hungary & The country report of Finland (in Finnish)
Women and households in Indonesia : cultural notions and social practices
"When girls don't have to work that much they are doing better in school" : ethnographic case study on girls participation in Nepalese village school
The women of rural Asia
Central Station
How to be a woman
Manual for integrated monitoring : programme phase 1993-1996
Post-Soviet women : from the Baltic to Central Asia
Theory of the border
Compilation of recordings of finnish riometer chain during the time intervals sept 19-24, 1977, nov 11, 1977, dec 1-5, 1977, dec 11-14, 1977, feb 27-mar 3, 1978
Theory of the Border offers a new and unique theoretical framework for understanding one of the most central social phenomena of our time: borders. Applying his original movement-oriented theoretical framework, Thomas Nail pioneers a new methodology of ""critical limology,"" that provides fresh tools for the analysis of contemporary border politics.
Girls' schooling, women's autonomy and fertility change in South Asia
The realm of the possible : Middle Eastern women in political and social spaces
Observations of atmospheric electricity, 1987
Mother leads best : 50 women who are changing the way organizations define leadership
Market potential of Lappeenranta Airport in the North-West Region of Russia
Indian and nation in revolutionary Mexico
The women's land rights movement, customary law and religion in Tanzania
Cities on rails : the redevelopment of railway station areas
Women, Islamisms and the state : contemporary feminisms in Egypt
Theodosian empresses : women and imperial dominion in late antiquity
How have women's lives changed in the republics of the former Soviet Union since the fall of the USSR? This is the first book systematically to examine changes and continuities across these states, focusing on women and work, social roles and women in politics. Drawing on interviews with women in factories, on farms and with women streetsellers, politicians and activists, the book questions whether women are "victims" or "agents" of change, and describes various strategies of coping and adaptation to new economic and social instabilities.
Application Workflow Analysis and Simulation
An uncertain glory : India and its contradictions
Predictive maintenance in MicroSCADA application
Meteorological conditions : Hornsund, Spitsbergen 2000/2001
Vance, a former marine and Yale Law School graduate, provides an account of growing up in a poor Rust Belt town that offers a broader, probing look at the struggles of America's white working class. The decline of this group, a demographic of our country that has been slowly disintegrating over forty years, has been reported on with growing frequency and alarm. J. D. Vance tells the true story of what a social, regional, and class decline feels like when you were born with it hung around your neck. The Vance family story begins hopefully in postwar America. J. D.'s grandparents were "dirt poor and in love," and moved north from Kentucky's Appalachia region to Ohio in the hopes of escaping the dreadful poverty around them. They raised a middle-class family, and eventually their grandchild (the author) would graduate from Yale Law School, a conventional marker of their success in achieving generational upward mobility. But as the family saga of Hillbilly Elegy plays out, we learn that this is only the short, superficial version. Vance's grandparents, aunt, uncle, sister, and, most of all, his mother, struggled profoundly with the demands of their new middle-class life, and were never able to fully escape the legacy of abuse, alcoholism, poverty, and trauma so characteristic of their part of America.
Marginal locations, central concerns
Man up : surviving modern masculinity
The women of Indonesia
On reliability and performance analyses of IEC 61850 for digital SAS
The purpose of this thesis is to define an Intelligent Milking System as a modern technology and innovation in the dairy farming that allows farmers to use computerized machines to do diversified activities regarding their dairy cattle management and productions systems. This thesis will explain why Kenya should adopt the use of this milking system in its dairy sector. In addition, it will explore how this system works in a typical dairy farm and highlight important considerations that will ensure farmers get high quality services and products. Moreover, it will present the importance of using milking machines in the dairy sector and how this has changed the lives of farmers, their animals and dependants. The paper will describe two Finnish case studies where Intelligent Milking System (IMS) has been successfully embraced. It will also highlight the significance of adopting this practice by the Kenya Dairy Board (KDB) to boost milk production quality and quantity in Kenya. Lastly, it will present recommendations on how this method can be improved to ensure there is a maximum profit generation, reduced costs and improved quality and quantity of milk supply.
Creating capabilities : the human development approach
The Orsay station = Le gare d'Orsay
Women in the public life in late medieval England : a study through contemporary sources in the 1400s
Our grandmothers' drums
Gender equality barometer 2012
Suomi-Finland : Doppler station
COST 335 : passangers' accessibility of heavy rail systems : final report of the action
Female genital mutilation & early marriage in Africa : based on research from Ethiopia, Kenya, and Ghana
Women, men and children in families : private troubles and public issues
33 artists in 3 acts
Women, state and ideology : studies from Africa and Asia
Life expectancy by labor force status and social class : recent period and cohort trends and projections for Finland
"In a provocative, groundbreaking work, National Magazine Award&#173;-finalist Rebecca Traister, "the most brilliant voice on feminism in this country" (Anne Lamott), traces the history of unmarried women in America who, through social, political, and economic means, have radically shaped our nation.  For legions of women, living single isn't news; it's life.  In 2009, the award-winning journalist Rebecca Traister started All the Single Ladies--a book she thought would be a work of contemporary journalism--about the twenty-first century phenomenon of the American single woman. It was the year the proportion of American women who were married dropped below fifty percent; and the median age of first marriages, which had remained between twenty and twenty-two years old for nearly a century (1890-1980), had risen dramatically to twenty-seven.  But over the course of her vast research and more than a hundred interviews with academics and social scientists and prominent single women, Traister discovered a startling truth: the phenomenon of the single woman in America is not a new one. And historically, when women were given options beyond early heterosexual marriage, the results were massive social change--temperance, abolition, secondary education, and more.  Today, only twenty percent of Americans are wed by age twenty-nine, compared to nearly sixty percent in 1960. The Population Reference Bureau calls it a "dramatic reversal." All the Single Ladies is a remarkable portrait of contemporary American life and how we got here, through the lens of the single American woman. Covering class, race, sexual orientation, and filled with vivid anecdotes from fascinating contemporary and historical figures, All the Single Ladies is destined to be a classic work of social history and journalism. Exhaustively researched, brilliantly balanced, and told with Traister's signature wit and insight, this book should be shelved alongside Gail Collins's When Everything
Doing research, making science: the memory of Roma workers
The railway children
The daughters of Amazons : voices from Central Asia
From formal employment to street vending : women's room to maneuver and labor market decisions under conditions of export-orientation - the case Penang, Malaysia
Barents Link corridor : a multimodal collector to transnational northern axis of EU 2007
Unresolved dilemmas : women, work and the family in the United States, Europe and the former Soviet Union
This book provides a new and timely analysis of major changes in society within the extended European Union, by addressing the consequences of altered family forms, the restructuring of labour markets and the conflicting demands of family and working life. As well as providing an up-to-date survey of many of the current areas of debate across Europe, Women, Work and the Family in Europe also reviews new developments and initiatives being made in an attempt to reconcile men and women's roles in the family and at work. Chapter headings range from 'Changing Family Forms and the Allocation of Caring' to 'Part-time Working in a European Perspective'. By bringing together many of the leading experts in social policy across Europe, subjects as diverse as Greek family policy, gender roles in Sweden and care of elderly are covered. Contributions set out the major demographic and labour market trends which are critical in understanding the sexual division of labour, occurring in relation to both paid work in the labour market and unpaid work at home. Clearly written and arranged under general headings as well as individual chapters, Women, Work and the Family in Europe will appeal to students as well as researchers and professionals and will be an essential addition to the material available to students of cultural studies, women's studies and social policy.
Half way home
Social determinants of mortality from childhood to early adulthood
Gendered citizenship in Sudan : competing perceptions of women's civil rights within the family laws among northern and southern elites in Khartoum
Ungdomars etablering : generationsklyftan 1980-2003 = [Young people in Swedish society : the generation gap 1980-2003]
Instrument Transformer Dimensioning for Substations
Three sisters
Observations of atmospheric electricity 1985
Journeys and landscapes : Finavia's annual report [2009]
Women and men in Finland
The Boston girl : a novel
Optimising cow traffic in automatic milking systems : with emphasis on feeding patterns, cow welfare and productivity
Keeping alive the symbol : a case study of the Israeli and Palestinian women of the Jerusalem Link
Reducing inequalities in health : a European perspective
Builders of a New Europe : women immigrants from the Eastern Trans-regions
Human rights and gender politics : Asia-Pacific perspectives
Where there is no midwife : birth and loss in rural India
Daily pursuits and timeless values : a woman's view in changing society
Beyond ”gender and stir” : reflections on gender and SSR in the aftermath of African conflict
"I'm not like Indian women" : reflections of young European women in Varanasi, India
A strong basis for inclusion and equality : Finland's disability policy programme Vampo 2010-2015
This Discussion Paper explores the debates, theoretical perspectives and current trends in gender, conflict and post-conflict reconstruction, and security sector reform (SSR) in Africa. It provides a broad overview of and critical insights into the gender-conflict-security nexus, capturing the trends in the discourses, identifying the gaps in the literature and prioritising issues and areas for future research. This Discussion Paper is essential reading for all those with a deep interest in gender, peace, development and security in Africa, particularly gender scholars, students, activists and practitioners.
Meteorological conditions : Hornsund, Spitsbergen 2001/2002
Test server application for BTS software testing
Women on the frontline : voices from South Africa
Intelligence and socioeconomic success : a study of correlations, causes and consequences
Determinants of health inequalities by income from the 1980s to the 1990s in Finland
Creatures from the mind of the engineer : the architecture of Santiago Calatrava
Safety at an International Airport – Case Study: Helsinki Airport
Women and marital breakdown in South India : reconstructing homes, bonds and persons
Women are a considerable portion of the labour force. The majority of them also establish relationships and become mothers. Combining work and family has created considerable problems for women, domestic circumstances and main responsibility for housework and children still affect women, meaning they enter the labour market with one hand tied behind their back. How do women today cope with the dilemmas caused by their dual roles? This book takes a critical look at the concept of dual roles, and makes an assessment of women's locations in the workplace and at home, considering both continuities and change. The book concentrates on a wide variety of issues around work, family and their interrelationships. Unresolved dilemmas from different cross-cultural perspectives are considered, integrating the problems of modern women.
A few kind women : gender essentialism and Nordic peacekeeping operations
VMware Workstation - no experience necessary : get started with VMware Workstation to create virtual machines and a virtual testing platform
Indigenism : ethnic politics in Brazil
"I had rather be a thing than an angel." : a comparative study of Jane Austen's and Charlotte Brontë's views on women's status in Victorian society
Women and development in Africa
Proportionality and best interests : calibrating the twin pillars of child justice in Nigeria
Nadia, captive of hope : memoir of an Arab woman
RTU 560 with IEC 61850 : Vaasa Engineering Oy
Boundaries of an urban minority : the Helsinki Jewish community from the end of Imperial Russia until the 1970s
Growing up in France : from the Ancien Régime to the Third Republic
Highly educated women in Tanzania : constructing educational well-being and agency
Peep inside this lift-the flap information book and explore the vast and wonderful universe. Drifting through the twinkling stars and visiting the moon, readers will feel like astronauts exploring the galaxy themselves.
From needs to competencies : a case study on the integration of a rights based approach into NGO practises
Finland's Romani people = Finitiko romaseele
Spectacular place : public space, storytelling and critical design
Resounding soil : women of Ethiopia
Education as a vehicle for mobility? : exploring the relationship between ethnicity, education and labor market positioning in the Netherlands
Livelihood and physical activity among Finnish higher education students
The Japanese woman : traditional image and changing reality
Adapting base station operability software into Linux and symmetric multiprocessor architecture
Women in The Philippines
Braided lives : a novel
Assessment of the Finnish-Russian border : the case of Vaalimaa border crossing point
Women, madness and sin in early modern England : the autobiographical writings of Dionys Fitzherbert
Historical awareness and social criticism in Sylvia Plath's poetry : a case study of three poems
Abstract (1 lehti). Summary (lehdet 27-33).
Gender and security in Africa : an Overview
Sorcerer to the crown
Men in the middle : searching for masculinity in the 1950s
Deaf around the world : the impact of language
Internet of Things : a gateway centric solution for providing IoT connectivity
Intelligent milking systems : computerized dairy cows management and control systems
The gift of a virgin
Smear - II : station for measuring forest ecosystem - atmosphere relations
Gender in transition : five years of UNDP projects in Eastern and Central Europe and CIS
Empowerment and participation - grassroots democracy by Roma and non-Roma women : baseline study of the Roma community in Valea Seaca, Romania
Waste of talents : turning private struggles into a public issue : women and science in the Enwise countries : a report to the European Commission from the Enwise Expert Group on women scientists in the Central and Eastern European countries and in the Baltic States
Setting up a network and workstations in the classroom e108 Kemi-Tornio University of Applied Sciences
