http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13554 time rate (wages)
time rate (wages)
Labour market studies. Italy
Working life barometer in the Baltic Countries 2002
Industrial relations in Europe 2002
Mercenaries in Medieval and Renaissance Europe
Method of pay in Finnish industry
Comparative industrial & employment relations
Managing employment change : the new realities of work
Part-time work in the European Community: the economic and social dimension
Collective bargaining in Western Europe 1994 - 1995.
Abstract.
Suomen tilastollinen vuosikirja 2005 = Statistisk årsbok för Finland 2005 = Statistical yearbook of Finland 2005.
Fourth European working conditions survey : résumé
The hangman's revolution
Medieval mercenaries. Vol. 1, The great companies
Essays in empirical labor economics
Employment law in context : an introduction for HR professionals
Labour market studies. Greece
Yearbook of labour statistics
Occupational wages and hours of work and retail food prices : statistics from the ILO October inquiry
To each one's due : at the borderline of work : toward a theoretical framework for economic, social and cultural rights
Suomen tilastollinen vuosikirja = Statistisk årsbok för Finland = Statisical yearbook of Finland. 1991.
Defamilialisation Policies and Attitudes and Behaviour Among Mothers in Twelve European Countries. Do results for Denmark, Finland and Sweden differ from the others?
Well-functioning labour markets - a prosperous society : labour market policy Confederation of Finnish Industries EK 2006.
Suomen tilastollinen vuosikirja 2009 = Statistisk årsbok för Finland 2009 = Statistical yearbook of Finland 2009 : 103. vuosikerta = årgång 103 = volume 103.
Labour law in the Netherlands
An introduction to labor
The knives of Kush
Unemployment in Europe : analysis and policy issues
Gender divisions and working time in the new economy : changing patterns of work, care and public policy in Europe and North America
Black death
Suomen tilastollinen vuosikirja = Statistisk årsbok för Finland = Statistical yearbook of Finland. 2000.
The Wage Curve : Evidence from the Finnish Metal Industry
Summary and conclusions (s. 32-33).
To each one's due at the borderline of work : toward a theoretical framework for economic, social and cultural rights
Utopia for realists : the case for a universal basic income, open borders, and a 15-hour workweek
Labour market studies. Portugal
Mercenaries and paid men : the mercenary identity in the Middle Ages : proceedings of a conference held at University of Wales, Swansea, 7th-9th July 2005
Work-family interface and psychological well-being : a personality and longitudinal perspective
In Victorian London, Albert Garrick, an assassin-for-hire, and his reluctant young apprentice, Riley, are transported via wormhole to modern London, where Riley teams up with a young FBI agent to stop Garrick from returning to his own time and using his newly acquired scientific knowledge and power to change the world forever.
Labour market studies. Germany
The economics of imperfect labor markets
Flexibility and work organization
In medieval and Renaissance Europe, mercenaries--professional soldiers who fought for money or other rewards--played violent, colorful, international roles in warfare. Intended as an introduction to the subject and drawing heavily on contemporary first-person accounts, this book creates a vivid but balanced mosaic of mercenaries who were hired to fight for various employers.
Statistics on occupational wages and hours of work and on food prices
Finns in working life 1999.
Industrial relations in Europe 2000 : employment & social affairs
Part-time work and deviant behaviour among Finnish adolescents
Critique of economic reason
Suomen tilastollinen vuosikirja = Statistisk årsbok för Finland = Statistical yearbook of Finland. 1998 : 93. vuosikerta = årgång 93 = volume 93
Summary (2 s.).
Labour market flexibility with special reference to Germany, the Netherlands and the United Kingdom : summary in nine EU languages: dansk, deutsch, ellênika, english, español, francais, italiano, nederlands, português
Essays in labor economics and consumer behavior
Women's employment in Europe : trends and prospects
The part-time paradox : time norms, professional lives, family, and gender
Based on extensive original research, this volume examines contemporary patterns of womens employment in Europe in the context of the profound economic, social and cultural changes that have taken place in recent years. It considers the progress made towards equal treatment in the labour market in the light of European Union action programmes, and examines the prospects for womens employment under the fourth action programme. The authors conclude that progress towards equal treatment will only occur when gender issues are fully integrated into the European Commissions employment and labour market policies.
Utopia for realists : and how we can get there
Suomen tilastollinen vuosikirja 2003 = Statistisk årsbok för Finland 2003 = Statistical yearbook of Finland 2003.. 2003 : 98. vuosikerta = årgång 98 = volume 98
Allocation of time within the family when the time spent together matters
Suomen tilastollinen vuosikirja 2008 = Statistisk årsbok för Finland 2008 = Statistical yearbook of Finland 2008.. 2008 : 103. vuosikerta = årgång 103 = volume 103
Industrial relations in Europe
"From a universal basic income to a 15-hour workweek, from a world without borders to a world without poverty--it's time to return to utopian thinking. Join Rutger Bregman on a journey through history, beyond the traditional left-right divides, as he introduces ideas whose time has come." --
Pay, risk, and productivity : the case of Finland, 1980-1996
Flexibility in practice : women's employment and pay in retail and finance
Diverse family leave and day care policies create varying monetary incentives for mothers to stay at home with their children. They also affect attitudes of mothers and this should influence childcare decisions. In this study, attitudes of mothers towards cutting down on paid work for the sake of family as well as their behaviour regarding childcare at home were studied in 12 European countries. Of special interest were Denmark, Finland and Sweden, three Nordic countries with a long tradition of childcare policies supporting mothers' work participation. The data is based on the European Social Survey (ESS) Round 2, conducted in 2004 and 2005. The least familialistic attitudes were found in Sweden, Denmark and Finland. A coarse indicator for the effectiveness of childcare policy was devised and indicated that attitudes correlated with the policies in several countries. No correspondence was found between attitudes and average times spent with children at home. Regarding the Nordic countries (particularly Sweden and Finland), the contradictions observed were consistent with childcare policies that affect short- and long-term behaviour in opposite directions. In Finland, a familialistic attitude was relatively common among mothers whose youngest child was under 1-year-old.
OECD societies in transition : the future of work and leisure
Key indicators of the labour market
Technological changes, wage inequality and skill premiums: evidence over three centuries
EU social and employment law : policy and practice in an enlarged Europe
Working life barometer in the Baltic countries 2002
Implementing the OECD jobs strategy : member countries' experience
Labour market flexibility with special reference to Germany, the Netherlands and the United Kingdom
Suomen tilastollinen vuosikirja 2007 = Statistisk årsbok för Finland 2007 = Statistical yearbook of Finland 2007
The reluctant assassin
Abstract in Finnish.
Factors influencing physicians' and nurses' labour supply decisions
