http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13573 inventory control
inventory control stock control
RFID handbook : radio-frequency identification fundamentals and applications
Inventory optimization with SAP
Global logistics management : a competitive advantage for the new millennium
Inventory accuracy : people, processes, & technology
Supply chain development in detector production
Inventory management and production planning and scheduling
Determining Production Lot Sizes and Reorder Points in the Manufacturing of Moulded Fibre
Inventory control system in the hospitality industry : possibilities of establishing a flawless inventory control system in the hospitality industry
Maximize your warehouse operations with SAP ERP
SAP warehouse management : functionality and technical configuration
Principles of inventory management  : when you are down to four, order more
Inventory management : advanced methods for managing inventory within business systems
Decision rules for inventory management
RFID technology's potential in warehouse management : perspective of VIktor Ek's Moving Division
Putting the just-in-time philosophy into practice
Inventory Process Management & Optimization in Small Businesses : Based on Warehouse Management Systems & Inventory Management Approaches
Inventory optimization system based on item classification
Improving the inventory management and valuation process : case: The Switch Drive Systems
Essentials of inventory management
"An organization's inventory budget is a financial amount set by the group's board members. The decisions of what inventory to have in stock, how much, where, and when, are details handled by the manager. This book, aimed at practitioners, supply chain managers, and operations and manufacturing professionals, provides a step-by-step approach on how to achieve the crucial link between the budget's decisions and the detail level. The authors look beyond the theory and focus on the most important decisions managers need to make when managing inventories. Using case studies from various diverse industries, they examine how inventory management should work, how to control it, and how to balance it." --
Explore extension options in SAP EWM and see how you can meet the unique functionality requirements of your warehouse. Find out how to make Ul changes to transactions or generate condition-dependent actions, learn to program SAP EWM's software components, and extend the Preconfigured Warehouse solution.
Introduction to logistics systems planning and control
This book covers all the essentials of modern supply chain management, manufacturing planning and control systems, purchasing, and physical distribution. Clearly written and exceptionally user-friendly, its content, examples, questions, and problems lead students step-by-step to mastery.
RFID for dummies : [get up to speed on Radio Frequency Identification]
Just in time material flow with ABB Oy Drives and Controls
Quantitative models for supply chain management
RFID handbook : fundamentals and applications in contactless smart cards and identification
Strategic logistics management
Storage management application
Designing automation for warehouse system
RFID technology and applications
Analysis of purchasing
100 things you should know about materials management in SAP ERP
Optimization of spare parts and materials inventory at Metsä-Botnia Rauma Mill
SAP extended warehouse management : processes, functionality and configuration
RFID metrics : decision making tools for today's supply chains
Warehouse management : a complete guide to improving efficiency and minimizing costs in the modern warehouse
Inventory forecast and ordering process improvement in a supply chain : case study: Kistal Equipment Supplies Limited, Nigeria
The handbook of logistics and distribution management
The supply chain in manufacturing, distribution, and transportation : modeling, optimization, and applications
Financial accounting : tools for business decision making
Potatoes postharvest
Improving business processes and productivity in the supply chain
Written in a simple and user-friendly style, this book covers all the basics of supply chain management and production and inventory control. Featuring case studies and Power Point slides that are now available for all chapters, this book has been updated throughout to reflect new techniques and technology.
Inventory control and management
Operations and supply chain management : the core
Warehouse management with SAP ERP : functionality and technical configuration
Supply chain cost saving potential analysis
Optimization of a laundry's garment stock and ordering
Supply chain optimisation and market coordinated inventory control
Purchasing and supply management
Inventory management in heavy assembly at Marioff Corporation Oy
Integrating camera recognition and RFID system for assets tracking and warehouse  management
This comprehensive reference guide for SAP Warehouse Management (WM) first introduces you to the fundamental aspects of this important module. Then, get an in-depth understanding of the functionality of WM and learn best practices for how to configure it. This detailed functionality and technical configuration guide includes all key aspects of WM, including WM Master Data, Stock Replenishment, Picking and Putaway strategies, as well as Storage Unit Management. Readers quickly gain a complete understanding of WM and its interaction with other SAP Supply Chain modules, making this book a truly indispensable resource /Kustantajan esittely.
Integrating Kanban with MRPII : automating a pull system for enhanced JIT inventory management
Operations and supply chain management
Material flow analysis of automated warehouse in the dairy industry
Electronic environmental monitoring in museums
Integrating Camera Recognition and RFID System for Assets Tracking and Warehouse Management
Course: 8611 : inventory management in Microsoft DynamicsTM NAV 5.0
Efficient inventory control & scrapping process : case Cargotec Services
Production and inventory management
Demand forecast process as a part of inventory management
Inventory management from a financial viewpoint : case: Pirkan MS-Kojeisto Oy
Abstract: Production and R&D test result database with data analysis tool requirements.
Lottas in their fields of work
This thesis is a case study of a Finnish technology firm Teleste Corporation. There the pursue of efficiency and good customer service are important. A demand forecast offers the possibility to make the operations more profitable but still offer the customers' higher value. It provides the inventory management the needed information about the buffer stocks that should be kept overcoming the fluctuations in demand. Additionally, it ensures that no unnecessary stock is carried. The thesis has concentrated on discovering the matters that affect the efficiency of the demand forecast process and the inventory management. A seven step forecast model is investigated in order to solve the critical aspects related to it. It states the issues that increase the complexity of forecasting. Furthermore, it argues about the fact that to be successful in the process, the company needs to create written rules for forecasting. Additionally, constant support during the forecast creation is another element desperately needed. These two matters should be provided for the sales people who are responsible to the creation of a forecast. Add to this, as the clientele is wanted to give some input to the forecasting, it would be advisable to increase their awareness about the process and its advantages. Finally, the demand forecast process lacks of a good awarding system. There is no guarantee that if a sensible demand forecast is created, the creator will receive his or her goods on time. Therefore, to increase the motivation amongst the creators, it would be reasonable to pay attention to the inventory management. In the future, to be able to increase the efficiency of the demand forecast process, the company has to be able to enhance the product availability. Furthermore, it should consider other awards for the most successful forecasters, like discounts for clients and bonuses for salespeople, which would increase the eagerness to forecast.
The handbook of logistics & distribution management
Final report of cross-border project called "Development of Logistics for Supplier Net Models" (Lognet) : in the honour of St. Petersburg Transport University's 200 year and Lappeenranta University of Technology's 40 year celebration
SAP EWM architecture and programming
Production and R&D test result database with data analysis tool requirements
Inventory Optimization with SAP
Quantitative methods for business, management and finance
Inventory management demystified
End of life components management tool and follow-up system
Improving inventory record accuracy : getting your stock information right
Introduction to materials management
