http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13509 Indonesian language
Indonesian language
Tuttle's concise Indonesian dictionary : English-Indonesian, Indonesian-English
Preliminary notes on Bandanese : language maintenance and change in Kei
Sentence patterns of Indonesian
Complete Indonesian
A grammar of Hatam : Bird's Head Peninsula , Irian Jaya
Among the believers : an Islamic journey
Grammatical relations in Bahasa Indonesia
Easy Indonesian : learn to speak Indonesian quickly!
Indonesian phrasebook & dictionary
The Korowai of Irian Jaya : their language in its cultural context
Beginning Indonesian through self-instruction. book 1 : preface, instructions, keys, glossary, index
The Indonesian vowels : acoustic and perceptual explorations
A description of Abun : a West Papuan language of Irian Jaya
Harrap's Indonesian phrase book
The learner's dictionary of today's Indonesian
A grammar of Maybrat : a language of the Bird's Head Peninsula, Papua Province, Indonesia
Minimalist interfaces : evidence from Indonesian and Javanese
Indonezijcy i ih sosedi : Festschrift E. V. Revunenkovoj i A. K. Ogloblinu = Indonesians and their neighbours : Festschrift for Elena V. Revunenkova and Alexander K. Ogloblin
The concept of possession is central to human experience. Thus the variety of ways in which we can "have" diverse items such as a family, an idea, or a headache is matched by a rich array of linguistic structures. An understanding of the full range of possible structural variation requires the study of languages in both natural modalities, signed and spoken, making this volume a very timely addition to research in the target domain. This volume summarises results from a large-scale typological investigation on possession and existence in 28 sign languages around the world. It includes detailed investigations of sign language data from Venezuela, Belgium, Jordan, Uganda, Japan, Austria, Catalonia, and the US, as well as two sign languages from "deaf villages", in Bali and in Ghana. Detailed data from village communities with a high incidence of hereditary deafness offer particularly fascinating insights and have never before featured in a comparative typological study. The volume also includes the full set of elicitation materials used for data collection in this cross-linguistic study, as well as a CD/DVD with video clips illustrating examples from the sign language data.
Papers on Southeast Asian languages : an introduction to the languages of Indonesia, Malaysia, the Philippines, Singapore and Thailand
Aesthetic tradition and cultural transition in Java and Bali
Indonesian for your trip : the beginner's essential travel phrases
Warembori
The natives of Sarawak and British North Borneo
Indonesian : a comprehensive grammar
An Indonesian-English dictionary
A grammar of Madurese
Indonesian palaeography : a history of writing in Indonesia from the beginnings to A.D. 1500
Advertising in Asia : communication, culture and comsumption
Indonesian-English, English-Indonesian dictionary
Introducing Indonesian
Basic materials on minority languages in East and Southeast Asia
Bahasa Indonesia : introduction to Indonesian language and culture. Book one
"This volume of new work explores the nature of verb serialisation in a range of languages from the Pacific region - both Austronesian and non-Austronesian. Serial verbs can be described linguistically as a sequence of verbs which behave as a single complex predicate. A particular focus of this book is the detailed examination given by most authors to the relationship of such uniclausal linguistic structures with the real world notion of eventhood. The book also makes a valuable addition to the description and analysis of serial verb constructions from the Pacific, a region which has generally been under-represented in cross-linguistic discussions of verb serialisation. The book will appeal to syntacticians and typologists as well as to Austronesianists and Papuanists."--Provided by publisher.
The verb morphology of Mori, Sulawesi
Papers in Papuan linguistics
Colloquial Indonesian : a complete language course
Indonesian : the complete course. 1B
Amerta Movement of Java 1986-1997 : an Asian movement improvisation
Political language and oratory in traditional society
Semantic, pragmatic, and discourse perspectives of preposition use : a study of Indonesian locatives
Desa Kolok : a deaf village and its sign language in Bali, Indonesia
Asia : 10 essential languages for city breaks & business travel
Structure and style in Javanese : a semiotic view of linguistic etiquette
Indonesian business culture
Parallelism in verbal art and performance : pre-print papers of the seminar-workshop 26th–27th May 2014, Helsinki, Finland
Introducing Indonesian. Book 1
To speak in pairs : essays on the ritual languages of eastern Indonesia
Searching for structure : the problem of complementation in colloquial Indonesian conversation
Everyday Indonesian : phrasebook and dictionary
Indonesian : travel pack
The phonology of Lower Grand Valley Dani : a comparative structural study of skewed phonemic patterns
Teach yourself Indonesian
Papers in Papuan linguistics. Vol. 2
A sketch of the Gayo language
Language death and language maintenance : theoretical, practical, and descriptive approaches
A grammar of Teiwa
Forms and functions in Kombai, an Awyu language of Irian Jaya
Signs of recognition : powers and hazards of representation in an Indonesian society
English abstracts.
International students' perceptions on their adaptation to Indonesia and their intercultural relationship development : special focus on differences in communication styles and the role of English as a lingua franca
A grammar of Klon : a non-Austronesian language of Alor, Indonesia
An English-Indonesian dictionary
Indonesian phrase book & dictionary
A basic grammar of Southern Sinama
Origins, ancestry and alliance : explorations in Austronesian ethnography
A short grammar of Inanwatan, an endangered language of the Bird's Head of Papua, Indonesia
A grammar of Lamaholot, eastern Indonesia : the morphology and syntax of the Lewoingu dialect
Possessive and existential construction in sign languages
Serial verb constructions in Austronesian and Papuan languages
Small talk Asia : 10 essential languages for city breaks & business travel
Gateway to the West : the Dutch language in colonial Indonesia, 1600-1950 : a history of language policy
Indonesian : a Rough Guide phrasebook
Indonesian : the complete course. 1A
South-east asia phrasebook
