http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13582 leadership training
leadership training
femaleForum : competence for the future
Mid-career development : research perspectives on a developmental community for senior administrators
Emotional intelligence in action : training and coaching activities for leaders, managers, and teams
Management and leadership development
Learning as a way of being : strategies for survival in a world of permanent white water
Global leadership handbook 2008-2009 : the journey continues
Talents' willingness to engage in leadership development practices
An integrative approach to leader development : connecting adult development, identity, and expertise
Learning managers in a transforming economy : the case of Russia 1999-2006
Management training and corporate strategy : how to improve competitive performance
Leadership and strategic management in education
How to grow leaders : the seven key principles of effective leadership development
Harvard business review on developing leaders
International Handbook of Leadership for Learning
Education as the saviour of the sales manager
12 disciplines of leadership excellence : how leaders achieve sustainable high performance
Training Management Skills for First-line Managers : case: company X
New perspectives in educational leadership : exploring social, political, and community contexts and meaning
Educational leadership preparation : innovation and interdisciplinary approaches to the Ed.D. and graduate education
Leader development for transforming organizations : growing leaders for tomorrow
"Appreciative Coaching describes an approach to coaching that is rooted in Appreciative Inquiry. At its core the Appreciative Coaching method shows individuals how to tap into (or rediscover) their own sense of wonder and excitement about their present life and future possibilities. Rather than focusing on individuals in limited or problem-oriented ways. Appreciative Coaching guides clients through four stages - Discovery, Dream, Design, and Destiny - that inspire them to an appreciative and empowering view of themselves and their future."--Jacket.
"This book explores the efficacy of innovative and interdisciplinary approaches to educational leadership preparation implemented at universities across the United States that serve K-12 populations in urban, rural, and suburban contexts. This collection of chapters draws from seminal and contemporary literature on preparation programs, the Carnegie Project for Education Doctorate. It demonstrates how theory and research play a pivotal role in the creation of new doctoral programs in educational leadership. The book focuses on trends, issues, challenges, and possibilities that weave commonalities and differentiate structures among seven professional doctorate programs in educational leadership (Ed.D.)"--Provided by publisher.
Appreciative coaching : a positive process for change
Effective leadership in adventure programming
Swarm intelligence : what nature teaches us about shaping creative leadership
Suomen EU-puheenjohtajuus - koulutuksella uudelle vuosituhannelle = Finlands EU-ordförandeskap - utbildningen på väg mot det nya årtusendet = Finnish Precidency of the EU - education and training into the new millenium = Précidence Finlandaise de l'EU - éducation et formation professionelle au nouveau millénaire
Strategic direction and development of the school
Case female Forum : Developing Women's Leadership Opportunities in Work Life
The International Handbook of Leadership for Learning brings together chapters by distinguished authors from thirty-one countries in nine different regions of the world. This handbook contains nine sections that provide regional overviews; a consideration of theoretical and contextual aspects; and, system and policy approaches that promote leadership for learning with a focus on educating school leaders for learning and the role of the leader in supporting learning. It also considers the challenge of educating current leaders for this new perspective, and how leaders themselves can develop leadership for learning in others and in their organisations, especially in diverse contexts and situations. The final chapter considers what we now know about leadership for learning and looks at ways this might be further improved in the future. This book provides the reader with an understanding of the rich contextual nature of learning in schools and the role of school leaders and leadership development in promoting this. It concludes that the preposition 'for' between the two readily known and understood terms of 'leadership' and 'learning' changes everything as it foregrounds learning and complexifies, rather than simplifies, what that word may mean. Whereas common terms such as 'instructional leadership' reduce learning to 'outcomes', leadership for learning embraces a much wider, developmental view of learning.
High flyers : developing the next generation of leaders
From leader-centricity toward leadership : a hermeneutic narrative approach
The challenges of educating people to lead in a challenging world
The 18 challenges of leadership : a practical, structured way to develop your leadership talent
Supervisors' emerging role in second-generation knowledge management
The healthy organization
Management education in historical perspective
Managers not MBAs : a hard look at the soft practice of managing and management development
The reflecting glass : professional coaching for leadership development
The future of leadership development : corporate needs and the role of business schools
The business coach : a game plan for the new work environment
The first-time manager
Growing agile leaders : coaching leaders to move with sure-footedness in a seismic world / Robert D. Dale
Developing leadership : creating the schools of tomorrow
Who is a scenic artist? : starting points in the study on scenic artists
Creating leaders : an examination of academic and research library leadership institutes
Executive coaching : building and managing your professional practice
ETEN Conference 2009
Advancing leadership capacity: preparation of early childhood leaders in Australia through a coursework masters degree
Transformative leadership in education : equitable change in an uncertain and complex world
Aalto leaders' insight
Managers, not MBA's : a hard look at the soft practice of managing and management development
How managers can develop managers / Alan Mumford
Building leaders : how successful companies develop the next generation
Values as critical factors in management training
Coaching for leadership : the practice of leadership coaching from the world's greatest coaches
Learning for leadership : building a school of professional practice
Competence framework for VET professions : handbook for practitioners
Management education and humanities
"Mintzberg asserts that conventional MBA classrooms overemphasize the science of management while ignoring its art and denigrating its craft, leaving a distorted impression of its practice. We need to get back to a more engaging style of management, to build stronger organizations, not bloated share prices. This calls for another approach to management education, whereby practicing managers learn from their own experience. We need to build the art and the craft back into management education, and into management itself." "Mintzberg examines what is wrong with our current system. Conventional MBA programs are mostly for young people with little or no experience. These are the wrong people. Programs to train them emphasize analysis and technique. These are the wrong ways. They leave graduates with the false impression that they have been trained as managers, which has had a corrupting effect on the practice of management as well as on our organizations and societies. These are the wrong consequences." "Mintzberg describes a very different approach to management education, which encourages practicing managers to learn from their own experience. No one can create a manager in a classroom. But existing managers can significantly improve their practice in a thoughtful classroom that makes use of that experience."--BOOK JACKET. Crump.
Comparative analysis and suggested improvements to Russian managerial trainings in foreign countries
Bench strength : developing the depth and versatility of your organization's leadership talent
The past as prologue : the importance of history to the military profession
Crisis and renewal in one Finnish private school
Executive coaching : exploding the myths
Grow your own leaders : acceleration pools : a new method of succession management
Work-based learning : the new frontier of management development
Deep leadership
The human resources revolution : why putting people first matters
International journal of management reviews
FemaleForum : competence for the future
Women administrators in higher education : historical and contemporary perspectives
The executive course : what every manager needs to know about the essentials of business
The future of learning : insights and innovations from executive development
Nordic manager training project for the hotel- and restaurant trade
Promises fulfilled and unfulfilled in management education : reflections on the role, impact and future of management education. vol. 1
Executive training on Asian markets : determining the needs of Finnish companies and training evaluation
From higher aims to hired hands : the social transformation of American business schools and the unfulfilled promise of management as a profession
Researching leadership in early childhood education
Practical leadership
Harvard business review on developing high-potential leaders
Rethinking management education
Management development : strategy and practice
The education of an art director
Transforming management education : a Polish mixture
A problem-based approach for management education : preparing managers for action
What the best MBAs know : how to apply the greatest ideas taught in the best business schools
Continuing the diversity journey : business practices, perspectives and benefits
Business driven action learning : global best practices
Connecting teacher leadership and school improvement
The Routledge companion to international business coaching
"The current financial crisis highlights the need to rethink business leadership and the role of business schools in helping firms develop the leaders of the future. This book brings together the perspectives of deans of top international business schools, and the views of CEOs and senior business leaders"--Provided by publisher.
Managers, not MBAs : a hard look at the soft practice of managing and management development
Ladies' business menu : fForum - promoting women's entrepreneurship and leadership
Leading China's future: future chinese leaders : management development in China: a snapshot
Does management matter? : on competencies and competitive advantage
