http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13529 horticultural farms
horticultural farms
Nature's day : discover the world of wonder on your doorstep
Dangerous liaisons : preserving post-war modernism in city centers : conference on 15-17 February 2001 in Helsinki, Finland
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja = Lantbruksstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics. 2010.
Modern family gardens
The permaculture city : regenerative design for urban, suburban, and town resilience
Ilona Valkonen : maattoman ihmisen puutarha = garden for one with no land
Metaphors in urban planning : from Garden City to Zwischenstadt and Netzstadt
DEVELOPMENT PLAN FOR A SMALL-SIZED FARM : Profitable Development Ideas on Products, Services, Marketing Methods and Customer Service for Kettulan Tila 2012-2014
Analysis of movement in sequential space : perceiving the traditional Japanese tea and stroll garden
Hepburn permaculture gardens : 10 years of sustainable living : 1985-1995 : a case study in cool climate permaculture
Environmental stress and horticulture crops : a proceedings of the XXVI International Congress : Toronto, Canada, 11-17 August 2002
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja = Lantbruksstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics. 2004.
3rd International workshop on temperate zone fruits in the tropics and subtropics, Chiang Mai, Thailand, 12-16 December 1988
New landscape architecture
Taste, memory : forgotten foods, lost flavors and why they matter
First experiences of Finland in the CAP
Proceedings of the International Symposium on Organic Horticulture: Productivity and Sustainability : Lisbon, Portugal August 22-27, 2010
Country living
Chilling injury of horticultural crops
Finnish agriculture and rural industries 2011
Green care : a conceptual framework / editors: Joe Sempik, Rachel Hine, Deborah Wilcox
Outdoors : the garden design book for the twenty-first century
Ecological Infrastructures : ideabook on functional biodiversity at the farm level ; temperate zoones of Europa = Ökologische Infrastrukturen ; Ideenbuch zur funktionalen Biodiversität auf Betriebsebene ; gemässigte Zonen Europas
Futurescapes : designers for tomorrow's outdoor spaces
Market farming success : the business of growing and selling local food
Outdoor entertaining : idea book
As more people flock to urban areas to live, nowhere are the empowering principles of permaculture more needed and desired than in our cities. Author Toby Hemenway (Gaia's Garden) demonstrates that the same nature-based approach that connects the pieces of our landscape together in harmonious ways applies perfectly to our need for water, shelter, food, energy, livelihood, and community. Hemenway moves beyond urban gardening and offers readers practical tips as well as examples from around the country of how people are using permaculture principles to live more sustainably and build deeper connections in urban areas. The Permaculture City also documents the rise of a new sophistication, depth, and diversity in the approaches and thinking of permaculture designers and practitioners, and provides hope and opportunity for our cities, towns, and suburbs.
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja = Lantbruksstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics. 2001.
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja = Lantbruksstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics. 2007.
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja = Lantbruksstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics. 2008.
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja = Lantbruksstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics. 2000.
European landscape architecture : best practice in detailing
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja = Lantbruksstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics. 2006.
The new Zen garden : designing quiet spaces
Timeless living : handbook 2008-2009
Evaluation of the impacts of national aids in southern Finland : application and impacts of measures under Commission Decision C(2008)696 in Finland
RSPB gardening for wildlife : a complete guide to nature-friendly gardening
Suomen kartasto = Atlas över Finland = Atlas of Finland. 231, Maatilatalous
Workshop on the role of horticulture in meeting the food demands of AD 2000 : 22nd International horticultural congress, Davis, California, USA, August 18, 1986
Green island : piazze, isole e verde urbano = on cities, hortus and wild gardens : [Museo di Arte Sociale e Territoriale, Milano, 2003/2007] / a cura di = edited by Claudia Zanfi
Voltaire's vine and other philosophies : how gardens inspired great writers
Renewable natural resources sector : national core curriculum in agriculture, horticulture, forestry, fishery and other renewable natural resources on the upper secondary level
The welcome home garden club
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja = Lantbruksstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics. 2005.
Variation in strawberry (Fragaria X ananassa Duch.) yield, season, and fruit quality = Variasjonar i sesong, avling og fruktkvalitet i jordbær (Fragaria x ananassa Duch.)
Ideas : nature
Hands-on urbanism 1850-2012 : the right to green
Finnish agriculture and rural industries 2008
Feng shui your home, garden, office and life : achieving health, happiness and prosperity th[r]ough the ancient art of placement
Simple fountains for indoors & outdoors : 20 step-by-step projects
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja = Lantbruksstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics. 2002.
Finnish agriculture and rural industries 1998
Space and illusion in the Japanese garden
Outdoor Kitchens : Designs for Outdoor Kitchens, Bars and Dining Areas
Finnish agriculture and rural industries 2015
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja = Lantbruksstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics. 2003.
Outdoor living : an inspirational guide to making the most of your outdoor spaces
Theatergarden Bestiarium : the garden as theater as museum
Simple garden projects : original designs to build in your garden
Finnish agriculture and rural industries 2009
Postharvest technology of horticultural crops
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja = Lantbruksstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics. 2009.
New York : open to the public
Farming for health : green-care farming across Europe and the United States of America
New public spaces : please walk on the grass
Healing the hospital : design, management and maintenance of healthcare premises
The dynamic landscape : design, ecology and management of naturalistic urban planting
Italia : art of living Italian style
British bed & breakfast for garden lovers
In the society of nature : a native ecology in Amazonia
Finnish agriculture and rural industries 1999/2000
Practical self sufficiency : the complete guide to sustainable living
Trace elements in top- and subsoil on selected crop and dairy farms in Finland in 2004
