http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13513 life drawing
life drawing
Drawing & painting portraits : a practical and inspirational guide to professional drawing and painting techniques
Drawing statues
How to draw people in simple steps
Art models : life nudes for drawing, painting and sculpting
Life drawing : a practical and inspirational workbook
Anatomy for the artist
The anatomy & figure drawing artist's handbook
Iggy Pop life class
The art of drawing anatomy
Egon Schiele : the Leopold Collection, Vienna
Giovanni Civardi teaches the art of drawing statues, traditionally regarded as a valuable technique for learning how to draw the human form from life.
Complete anatomy and figure drawing
Anthropometry and anatomy
Figures and faces : a sketcher's handbook
The artist's guide to human anatomy
The human form : techniques for drawing and painting the nude
How to draw : a complete step-by-step guide for beginners covering still life, landscapes, figure drawing, thefemale nude and human anatomy
"In Iggy Pop Life Class, Turner Prize-winning artist Jeremy Deller used the traditional life drawing class to stage a performative event with Iggy Pop as model and subject. The exhibition presents the resulting drawings along with works from our historical collections, chosen by Deller, that depict the male body, examining shifting representations of masculinity throughout history. The fifty-three drawings included in the exhibition were created on February 21, 2016, during a one-day life drawing class, using Pop as the unexpected model. The class was held at the New York Academy of Art and included twenty-two artists drawn from New York City's diverse communities, ranging in age from 19 to 80, with varying backgrounds and levels of education and experience. The class was led by artist and drawing professor Michael Grimaldi. The participating artists are Jeremy Day, Jeanette Farrow, Margaret Fisher, Seiji Gailey, Robert Hagan, Tobias Hall, Deirdra Hazeley, Patricia Hill, Okim Woo Kim, Maureen McAllister, Kallyiah Merilus, Guno Park, Kinley Pleteau, Angel Ramirez, Robert Reid, Mauricio Rodriguez, Danielle Rubin, Taylor Schultek, Charlotte Segall, Andrew Shears, and Levan Songulashvili. Deller's collaboration with Pop as a nude model is essential to his concept. A pioneer rock musician--as a singer, songwriter, musician, and actor--Pop began performing in the 1960s, becoming known for strenuous and unpredictable stage performances that often left his body battered and cut. For Deller, the life drawing class offered the opportunity to study his body in direct and palpable terms."--
Figure drawing for all it's worth
Drawing figures
Drawing the living figure
Drawing the clothed figure : Portraits of People in Everyday Life
Figure drawing studio : drawing and painting the nude figure from pose photos
Life drawing : how to portray the figure with accuracy and expression
"The Leopold Museum in Vienna is a Mecca for devotees of Egon Schiele as it houses the world's largest permanent collection of the artist's works. Comprising works from 1905 to 1918, the year of Schiele's death, this book features large-scale reproductions that allow readers to closely examine the artist's extraordinary use of line and color. Presented chronologically, these works on paper are accompanied by insightful commentary. An introduction and biography of Schiele by Rudolf Leopold discuss the artist's influences, his controversial career, and his place in the pantheon of twentieth-century artists."
This book shows us how to learn to draw the human figure through developing the ability to observe the subject. Drawing the human figure is crucial for artists, but is also one of the most complex aspects of drawing. This book provides innovative ways to capture the nature of gestures, and also ways to overcome a lack of confidence in this area in order to face the challenge of figure drawing with a childlike boldness and curiosity.
Complete guide to life drawing
The art of portrait drawing
Human figure drawing : drawing gestures, postures and movements
Figure drawing master class : lessons in life drawing
Art models : life nudes for drawing painting and sculpting
Drawing the female form
How to draw dogs : in simple steps
The Fundamentals of Figure Drawing
PAINTING & ART MANUALS. Figure Drawing: A Complete Guide is an essential handbook for anyone particularly interested in portrait drawing, and includes in-depth studies of human anatomy by master artist Civardi. Civardi's technical advice and practical tips, accompanied by his own outstanding drawings, make this an invaluable resource for any portrait artist. A fresh collection of content from previously-published works.
Figure drawing : a complete guide
How to draw cats : in simple steps
Classic human anatomy : the artist's guide to form, function, and movement
