http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13569 sexology
sexology
Why is sex fun? : the evolution of human sexuality
Origins of the sacred : the ecstasies of love and war
International who's who in sexology
English literary sexology : translations of inversion, 1860-1930
Sexualities : exploring sexuality as a cultural phenomena
Slap and tickle
My gender workbook : how to become a real man, a real woman, the real you, or something else entirely
Mating in captivity : reconciling the erotic and the domestic
How can we understand gender in the contemporary world? What differences now exist between women and men? How are masculinities and femininities made? And what is the impact of globalization on gender issues? Raewyn Connell, one of the world's leading scholars in the field, answers these questions and more. In this book she provides a readable introduction to modern gender studies, covering empirical research from all parts of the world in addition to theory and politics. As well as introducing the field, Gender provides a powerful contemporary framework for gender analysis with a distinctive global awareness. Highlighting the multi-dimensional character of gender relations, Connell shows how to link personal life with large-scale organizational structures and how gender politics changes its form in changing situations. The second edition of this influential and accessible book brings the review of research up to date and includes new discussions of gender theory in the global periphery, the legacy of colonialism, the intersection of structures, the impact of deconstructionist theory and politics, and understanding transsexual and transgender lives. Gender is engaged scholarship that moves from personal experience to global problems and offers a unique perspective on gender issues today.
Making sexual history
Trends in sexual life : measured by national sex surveys in Finland in 1971, 1992 and 1999, and a comparison to a sex survey in St. Petersburg in 1996
Researching non-heterosexual sexualities
Sexing the millennium : a political history of the sexual revolution
Havelock Ellis, philosopher of sex : a biography
Sex exposed : sexuality and the pornography debate
Jeffrey Weeks has established an international reputation as one of the most original and influential writers on the social history of sexuality. This new book brings together some of his most important work on the changing patterns of our sexual and intimate lives today. The first part of the book discusses writers on sexuality, from Havelock Ellis to more recent influential thinkers such as Michel Foucault. Jeffrey Weeks gives an account of the social and political context in which they wrote, and assesses how their work has shaped our concepts of sexuality and intimacy. The second part of the book explores the ways in which sociologists and historians have been rethinking sexuality, and how 'the erotic' is being reinvented by new sexual and social movements. He examines the impact of AIDS as well as the gradual changes which have transformed personal lives in this century, and concludes with a review of attitudes and ideas at the end of the millennium. This highly accessible text will be of interest to specialists and students in the areas of sociology and social theory, and history, as well as all those working in the area of gender studies who are concerned with issues of sexuality and intimate life.
Policing public women : the regulation of prostitution in Stockholm 1812-1880
Explosive sex! : step-by-step techniques for the hottest sex ever
Colonizing sex : sexology and social control in modern Japan
Sexual trends in the Baltic Sea area
English Literary Sexology explores how sexology - the structured theorisation of sex - emerged and was transmitted across linguistic and disciplinary boundaries between the 1860s and the 1930s. If sexology first evolved in German-speaking scientific contexts, then how did it migrate across Europe and North America? To what extent did English sexology distinguish itself from its European counterparts and why did British culture prove increasingly responsive to sexual ideas? How did women contribute to a discourse that from the outset was so heavily dominated by male experts and lay readers? Bauer provides the first sustained examination of how the German sexological ideas found their way into English culture. The book re-examines well-known figures including Richard von Krafft-Ebing, Havelock Ellis, Olive Schreiner and Sarah Grand alongside some of their less frequently studied contemporaries such as Karl Heinrich Ulrichs and Edith Ellis. Bauer's study expands our understanding of the European scientia sexualis by showing that alongside the continental sciences of sex existed a distinct English literary sexology.
Sexicon : a sexual dictionary
Chemistry for beginners
Sexing the body : gender politics and the construction of sexuality
When you love someone, how does it feel? And when you desire someone, how is it different? In Mating in Captivity, Esther Perel looks at the story of sex in committed couples. Modern romance promises it all - a lifetime of togetherness, intimacy and erotic desire. In reality, it's hard to want what you already have. Our quest for secure love conflicts with our pursuit of passion. And often, the very thing that got us to into our relationships - lust - is the one thing that goes missing from them. Determined to reconcile the erotic and the domestic, Perel explains why democracy is a passion killer in the bedroom. Arguesfor playfulness, distance, and uncertainty. And shows what it takes to bring lust home. Smart, sexy and explosively original,Mating in Captivity is the monogamist's essential bedside read.
Principles and practice of sex therapy
Sex : antiquity and its legacy
Anne Hooper's Kama Sutra : classic lovemaking techniques reinterpreted for todays' lovers
Mating in captivity : sex, lies and domestic bliss
Western sexuality : practice and precept in past and present times
The lovemap guidebook : a definitive statement
Sexuality and disability : a guide for everyday practice
Sexual interactions
Body matters : essays on the sociology of the body
Censoring sex research : the debate over male intergenerational relations
Human sexualities
Sexual desire : a philosophical investigation
Living sexuality
Arousal : the secret logic of sexual fantasies
Nymphomania : a history
Health psychology : a textbook
Sexology in culture : labelling bodies and desires
Exploring the dimensions of human sexuality : student study guide to accompany
Ethics and sex
The youth service sex and relationships education policy toolkit
Methods, sex and madness
Between sexual desire and reality : the evolution of sex in Finland
Sperm wars : infidelity, sexual conflict and other bedroom battles
Sexuality and its discontents : meanings, myths & modern sexualities
Knowledge of sexual issues, moral beliefs and sexual experiences among adolescents in Estonia and Finland
Social research yields knowledge which powerfully affects our daily lives. The 'facts' it generates shape not just how we see ourselves and others, but also whether or not we see the existing status quo as normal, just and legitimate. This book examines and questions the methods used by social researchers to produce such knowledge. It focuses chiefly on research into human sexuality and madness. It introduces and critically assesses everything from survey methods to participant observation. It opens up broader philosophical debates about the nature of knowledge, and highlights issues surrounding the ethics and politics of research.
The modernization of sex : Havelock Ellis, Alfred Kinsey, William Masters and Virginia Johnson
Why do some people prefer heterosexual love while others fancy the same sex? Is sexual identity biologically determined or a product of convention? In this brilliant and provocative book, the acclaimed author of Myths of Gender argues that even the most fundamental knowledge about sex is shaped by the culture in which scientific knowledge is produced.Drawing on astonishing real-life cases and a probing analysis of centuries of scientific research, Fausto-Sterling demonstrates how scientists have historically politicized the body. In lively and impassioned prose, she breaks down three key dualisms - sex/gender, nature/nurture, and real/constructed - and asserts that individuals born as mixtures of male and female exist as one of five natural human variants and, as such, should not be forced to compromise their differences to fit a flawed societal definition of normality.
Gender isn't just about "male" or "female" anymore - if you have any doubts, just turn on your television. RuPaul is as familiar as tomato ketchup with national radio and television shows, and transgendered folk are as common to talk-shows as screaming and yelling. But if the popularization of gender bending is revealing that "male" and "female" aren't enough, where are we supposed to go from here? Cultural theorists have written loads of smart but difficult-to-fathom texts on gender, but none provide a hands-on, accessible guide to having your own unique gender. With My Gender Workbook, Kate Bornstein brings theory down to Earth and provides a practical approach to living with or without a gender. Bornstein starts from the premise that there are not just two genders performed in today's world, but countless genders lumped under the two-gender framework. Using a unique, deceptively simple and always entertaining workbook format, Bornstein gently but firmly guides you to discover your own unique gender identity. Whether she's using the USFDA's food group triangle to explain gender, or quoting one-liners from real "gender transgressors", Bornstein's first and foremost concern is making information on gender bending truly accessible. With quizzes and exercises that determine how much of a man or woman you are, My Gender Workbook gives you the tools to reach whatever point you desire on the gender continuum.
Lessons from the intersexed
The sex factor : the essential teen guide
Alfred C. Kinsey : a public/private life
The classification of sex : Alfred Kinsey and the organization of knowledge
Sexuality today : the human perspective
Sexuality and disability : a matter that concers all of us
A new view of women's sexual problems
Pleasure and health by education, counselling and treatment : Nordic Association for Clinical Sexology NACS 2012
"Alfred C. Kinsey's revolutionary studies of human sexual behavior are world-renowned. His meticulous methods of data collection, from comprehensive entomological assemblies to personal sex history interviews, raised the bar for empirical evidence to an entirely new level. In The Classification of Sex, Donna J. Drucker presents an original analysis of Kinsey's scientific career in order to uncover the roots of his research methods. She describes how his enduring interest as an entomologist and biologist in the compilation and organization of mass data sets structured each of his classification projects. As Drucker shows, Kinsey's lifelong mission was to find scientific truth in numbers and through observation-and to record without prejudice in the spirit of a true taxonomist. Kinsey's doctoral work included extensive research of the gall wasp, where he gathered and recorded variations in over six million specimens. His classification and reclassification of Cynips led to the speciation of the genus that remains today. During his graduate training, Kinsey developed a strong interest in evolution and the links between entomological and human behavior studies. In 1920, he joined Indiana University as a professor in zoology, and soon published an introductory text on biology, followed by a coauthored field guide to edible wild plants. In 1938, Kinsey began teaching a noncredit course on marriage, where he openly discussed sexual behavior and espoused equal opportunity for orgasmic satisfaction in marital relationships. Soon after, he began gathering case histories of sexual behavior. As a pioneer in the nascent field of sexology, Kinsey saw that the key to its cogency was grounded in observation combined with the collection and classification of mass data. To support the institutionalization of his work, he cofounded the Institute for Sex Research at Indiana University in 1947. He and his staff eventually conducted over eighteen thousand personal interviews about sexual behavior, and in 1948 he published Sexual Behavior in the Human Male, to be followed in 1953 by Sexual Behavior in the Human Female. As Drucker's study shows, Kinsey's scientific rigor and his early use of data recording methods and observational studies were unparalleled in his field. Those practices shaped his entire career and produced a wellspring of new information, whether he was studying gall wasp wings, writing biology textbooks, tracing patterns of evolution, or developing a universal theory of human sexuality"--
Sex seen : the emergence of modern sexuality in America
From the moment intersexuality-the condition of having physical gender markers (genitals, gonads, or chromosomes) that are neither clearly female nor male-is suspected and diagnosed, social institutions are mobilized in order to maintain the two seemingly objective sexual categories. Infants' bodies are altered, and what was "ambiguous" is made "normal." Kessler's interviews with pediatric surgeons and endocrinologists reveal how the intersex condition is normalized for parents and she argues that the way in which intersexuality is managed by the medical and psychological professions displays our culture's beliefs about gender and genitals. Parents of intersexed children are rarely heard from, but in this book they provide another perspective on reasons for genital surgeries and the quality of medical and psychological management. Although physicians educate parents about how to think about their children's condition, Kessler learned from parents of intersexed children that some parents are able to accept atypical genitals. Based on analysis of the medical literature and interview with adults who had received treatment as interesexed children, Kessler proposes new approaches for physicians to use in talking with parents and children. She also evaluates the appearance of a politicized vanguard, many of who are promoting an intersexual identity, who seek to alter the way physicians respond to intersexuality.
Statistical problems of the Kinsey report on sexual behavior in the human male : a report of the American Statistical Association, Committee to advise the National Research Council Committee for Research in Problems of Sex
Rethinking sexuality : Foucault and classical antiquity
Sexuality
Sexology in context : a scientific anthology
The youth service sex and relationships education training programme
Reclaiming Sodom
K채tt채 pidemp채채 : olennainen seksisanasto suomi-englanti-suomi = Harder than rock : a sexy lexicon Finnish-English-Finnish
Science in the bedroom : a history of sex research
Sexual ideology and schooling : towards democratic sexuality education
Introducing the new sexuality studies
Sex and sexuality
"Drucker develops a synthetic argument about how Kinsey's scholarship and training as an entomologist and evolutionary scientist affected his teaching, research, writing, and analysis of human behavior. Places Kinsey at the center of trends in American intellectual and scientific life in the mid-twentieth century. Drucker uses the whole of Kinsey's intellectual life to address questions of data collection and scientific objectivity, and whether it is possible to have research approaches and frameworks for studying human sexuality that could satisfy ever-shifting delineations and measurements of objectivity"--
Alfred C. Kinsey : a life
Sex by prescription : the startling truth about today's sex therapy
The Tao of love
Sexual health
Exploring the dimensions of human sexuality
Sexuality studies
Promiscuities : the secret struggle for womanhood
Stepchildren of nature : Krafft-Ebing, psychiatry, and the making of sexual identity
The origin of the life of a human being : conception and the female according to ancient Indian medical and sexological literature
The transformation of intimacy : sexuality, love and eroticism in modern societies
Sexpectations girl
Our sexuality
The journal of sex research : a publication of the Society for the Scientific Study of Sexuality
Sexuality in the new millennium : proceedings of the 14th World Congress of Sexology, Hong Kong SAR, China, August 23-27, 1999
Principles of developmental sexology
Sexing the Millennium is the first major attempt to analyze the cultural explosion that was the sexual revolution. It is an insightful and profound overview of our sexual psyche over the past thirty years and a frank investigation of both liberation and libertinism, in which Linda Grant eloquently argues the need for an eroticized female life. Joan Smith has said that "Linda Grant is on the side of sex and on the side of women," and Sexing the Millennium is a compellingly thorough examination of the colossal social shifts catalyzed by that brief period when sex was free from the threats of both pregnancy and disease. Brilliantly written, Sexing the Millennium charts the origins of sexual freedom from the Ranters' seventeenth-century belief in sex as a liberating agent to the hippie idealism of sixties counterculture - group marriage, politicized promiscuity, organized orgies - to the intellectual backlash of the seventies and, as we stand nervously in the shadow of AIDS, to our present, postmodern obsession: voyeurism. Along the way, Grant examines the full impact of the Pill and its origins, medically, scientifically, and socially, as well as the contemporaneous political movements and changes: the decline of the Catholic church, the rise in experimental living communities, the female desire to achieve the stereotypical male freedom for pleasure that was so enthusiastically endorsed by men. On the heels of heated debate about the backlash against women, Grant examines the rise in violent sex crimes, the prevalence of misogyny, the brutality of porn, and the rarer but compelling phenomenon of violent female response. Emerging from the failed attempt to merge male and female into something androgynous and liberated, and from a lack of interest in co-opting traditional male pleasure forms, women are reconstructing their weapons and desires.
Gathering evidence from art, literature, history, pop culture, science, and psychology, Marjorie Garber offers a startling new take on the nature and influence of bisexuality in our culture.
Adventures in the orgasmatron : the invention of sex
Bisexuality and the eroticism of everyday life
Sexual outercourse : a philosophy of lovemaking
Sexual health promotion
Human sexuality : diversity in contemporary America
From taboo to health and human rights : development of professional expertise in sexual health promotion
The 4-hour body : an uncommon guide to rapid fat-loss, incredible sex and becoming superhuman
Abstract: Perspectives into the sexual health of young people.
Sex By Numbers : What Statistics Can Tell Us About Sexual Behaviour
Sexuality education : theory and practice
Human Sexuality: Diversity in Contemporary America presents a forward thinking, open approach to Human Sexuality for today's student. The new lead authors, Bill Yarber and Barbara Sayad, continue to bring their research experience to the book while maintaining the engaging writing style that original author Bryan Strong brought to this best-selling text for years. The first text to achieve a full integration of cutting-edge research with a contemporary "sex-positive" approach, it also strives to represent the modern, diverse world that students encounter outside the classroom. Both within the text itself and throughout the exemplary art and photo program, the focus is on inclusion. Human Sexuality has been lauded by students and instructors alike for providing the most integrated and non-judgmental view of sexual orientation available. The eighth edition maintains these themes while adding a new contemporary design, streamlined format and significant content and feature revisions and updates.
The multi-orgasmic man : sexual secrets every man should know
The bourgeois experience : Victoria to Freud. Vol. 1, Education of the senses
The constraints of desire : the anthropology of sex and gender in ancient Greece
