http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13549 pipings
pipings
Electronic rulebook : rules for classification of ships
Wound glass fibre reinforced polyester resin (UP-GF) pipes : General quality requirements and testing
Fluid flow modeling inside heat collection pipes with finite element method
Green remodeling : your start toward an eco-friendly home
Design of slurry transport systems
The body lean & lifted : stretch yourself slim in 30 days
Design of fluid thermal systems
Collins plumbing and central heating
Elements of plumbing
Pipe Drafting and Design, Third Edition provides step-by-step instructions to walk pipe designers, drafters, and students through the creation of piping arrangement and isometric drawings. It includes instructions for the proper drawing of symbols for fittings, flanges, valves, and mechanical equipment. More than 350 illustrations and photographs provide examples and visual instructions. A unique feature is the systematic arrangement of drawings that begins with the layout of the structural foundations of a facility and continues through to the development of a 3-D model. Advanced chapters discuss the use of 3-D software tools from which elevation, section and isometric drawings, and bills of materials are extracted. Covers drafting and design of pipes from fundamentals to detailed advice on the development of piping drawings, using manual and CAD techniques 3-D model images provide an uncommon opportunity to visualize an entire piping facility Each chapter includes exercises and questions designed for review and practice New to this edition: A large scale project that includes foundation location, equipment location, arrangement, and vendor drawings Updated discussion and use of modern CAD tools Additional exercises, drawings, and dimensioning charts to provide practice and assessment New set of Powerpoint images to help develop classroom lectures.
Cleanroom design
Heat pipes
Hot and cold water supply
Practical stress analysis in engineering design
Developments in valves and actuators for fluid control : proceedings of the 3rd international conference (Bournemouth, UK 27-29 March 1990)
Performance of European cross-country oil pipelines : statistical summary of reported spillages - 2001
Piping and pipelines assessment guide
Of the capability of component models to predict the reponse of fluid power system with a long pipeline and an accumulator
Surface Production Operations: Facility Piping and Pipeline Systems, Volume III is a hands-on manual for applying mechanical and physical principles to all phases of facility piping and pipeline system design, construction, and operation. For over twenty years this now classic series has taken the guesswork out of the design, selection, specification, installation, operation, testing, and trouble-shooting of surface production equipment. The third volume presents readers with a "hands-on" manual for applying mechanical and physical principles to all phases of facility piping and pipeline system design, construction, and operation. Packed with charts, tables, and diagrams, this authoritative book provides practicing engineer and senior field personnel with a quick but rigorous exposition of piping and pipeline theory, fundamentals, and application. Included is expert advice for determining phase states and their impact on the operating conditions of facility piping and pipeline systems; determining pressure drop and wall thickness; and optimizing line size for gas, liquid, and two-phase lines. Also included are a guide to applying international design codes and standards, and guidance on how to select the appropriate ANSI/API pressure-temperature ratings for pipe flanges, valves, and fittings.
Practical hydraulics handbook
Slurry systems handbook
Pipeline risk management manual : ideas, techniques, and resources
Generic calculation and reporting tool for safety valve sizing
Teollisuuseristys = Industrial insulations
Tiivistelmä: Fracture toughness of PVC-U pipe fittings in above ground systems.
Growing Russian oil shipments in the Baltic Sea : strategic decision or environmental risk?
InvoDane Engineering is an engineering consulting company that specializes in providing engineering services for oil, gas and water pipeline industries. This engineering thesis was commissioned by the company and it is a development project for pump unit with water hydraulics. The pump unit is a hydraulic power pack whose main components are a pressure pump and a vacuum pump. The purpose of the pump unit is to actuate a cylinder piston and power the hydraulics onboard the piston. The hydraulic system is used when inserting a water inspection tool into a water pipeline and extracting it from the pipeline. The objectives of the work were to do a feasibility study of an electrically driven system, reduce system weight and improve flow rate capacity at high pressure. The enhancements were to be demonstrated and tested by assembling a prototype pump unit. Improvement suggestions for shipping characteristics and system filtration were also to be presented. The system was tested and test results confirmed that electric motor can run the pump and replace the gas engine in the original system under the circumstances it was tested in. Based merely on the tests performed, it is not yet possible to reduce weight and ease the use of the unit by excluding the vacuum pump from the system. Improved hose and valve arrangement in the test setup proofed itself to be a good base to start developing the functionality of the hydraulics further.  Next step in developing the pump unit would be to test the setup in real insertion and extraction situations with cylinder piston and decide on future enhancements based on the results.
Overall plan of an air conditioning system based on chilled water
A heating system for small premises
Understanding vented gas explosions
Pipe drafting and design
Trenchless technology : pipeline and utility design, construction, and renewal
Fracture toughness of PVC-U pipe fittings in above ground systems
Chinese and European piping standard comparison in paper mill engineering
Pipeline rules of thumb handbook : quick and accurate solutions to your everyday pipeline problems
An explanation and guideline for pumping calculations
Pump wisdom : problem solving for operators and specialists
Manufacturing methods of double walled pipes
This practical, one-of-a-kind field manual explains how equipment in industrial facilities operates and covers all aspects of commissioning relevant to engineers and project managers. This text contains a data log of all major industrial and power plant components, describes how they function, and includes rules of thumb for operation. Hundreds of handy reference materials, such as calculations and tables, plus a comprehensive listing of electrical parts with common supplier nomenclature are also included in this time-saving resource.
Garden ponds : 10 step-by-step projects : quick and easy ideas to enhance your garden
Functional microdomains in the specialized membranes of skeletal myofibres
The International Maritime Organization IMO, adopted the Annex VI, Prevention of Air Pollution from Ships in October 2008. The changes for allowable emissions are based on MARPOL 73/78 Convention, and one of the SOx limits will come in to force at the beginning of year 2015. One of the possibilities to reduce sulfur emissions is an exhaust gas scrubber. In this thesis the possibilities to use plastic pipes in exhaust gas scrubbers was researched. The issue was an interest of Wärtsilä, whose intention is to make the installation and operation of scrubbers as easy, fast and economically effective as possible for ship owners. The major reason for seeking alternative pipe materials is the sensitivity for steel pipes to have problems due the corrosion. The installation time of the piping should be short in vessels which are already in operation, which is creating timetable pressures and therefore there is a need for find materials which can be installed as fast as possible. The ship as industrial environment differs from normal industrial factory in terms of the demands of rules and regulations. The regulations are originally based on international organization IMOŽs regulations, which are dispensed by classification societies. In this thesis suitable plastic pipe materials for sulfur scrubbers were researched. Special attention was given to finding out how the materials fulfill the regulations, and how the regulations are limiting the choice of pipes. During the thesis work several interesting facts were found, as well as suitable and not allowed materials. Information was available extensively, because several projects were ongoing with different shipyards and different ship owners. The goal of the thesis was reached, suitable plastic pipes and also many alternative materials were found in case that plastic pipe was not available for needed dimension and pipeline properties.The goal of the thesis was reached, suitable plastic pipes and also many alternative materials were found in case that plastic pipe was not available for needed dimension and pipeline properties. Long experience helped the thesis writing and finding information and suitable persons, but it made also some personally simple issues difficult to explain.
Heating, piping, air conditioning engineering
Dictionary of pressure vessel and piping technology = Wörterbuch der Druckbehälter- und Rohrleitungstechnik
Performance of european cross-country oil pipelines
Putkistosuunnittelu : Autodesk Authorized Training Courseware (AATC)
Women's home DIY : if you want something doing, do-it-yourself : fix-it and finish-it manual : a multi-tasker's guide to home DIY, including decorating, plumbing and electrics
Surface production operations. Volume III, Facility piping and pipeline systems
Pump unit development for water pipeline inspection technology
Metalliset teollisuusputkistot = Metallic industrial piping. Osa 6 = Part 6, Maahan asennettavien putkistojen lisävaatimukset = Additional requirements for buried piping
Feasibility report
See under the ground
Plant equipment and maintenance engineering handbook
On modeling of earthquake wave motion and its effects on multi-support pipelines
Method of removing/preventing gypsum precipitation in industrial pipes
Design of piping systems : the M. W. Kellogg Company
The hydraulic trainer. Volume 3, Planning and design of hydraulic power systems : a training manual for the planning and design of hydraulic power systems
Hydraulics of pipelines : pumps, valves, cavitation, transients
Performance of European crosscountry oil pipelines : Statistical summary of reported spillages in 2007 and since 1971.
Onomastics, social history and Roman lead pipes
Piping and Pipeline Calculations Manual : Construction Design Fabrication and Examination
Plastic pipe use in hybrid scrubbers
Pipe flow : a practical and comprehensive guide
