http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13546 emergency phones
emergency phones
Masquerader detection in mobile context based on behaviour and environment monitoring
Abstract.
iPad & iPhone administrator's guide
GSM, GPRS, and edge performance : evolution towards 3G/UMTS
Advances in ubiquitous computing : future paradigms and directions
Android forensics : investigation, analysis and mobile security for Google android
Hacking exposed(TM) VoIP : Voice over IP security secrets & solutions
Mobile devices : tools and technologies
The e-policy handbook : rules and best practices to safely manage your company's e-mail, blogs, social networking, and other internet communication tools
UMTS networks and beyond
Protecting mobile money against financial crime : global policy challenges and solutions
Wireless hacks
Bluetooth : connect without cables
Mobile communication systems and security
Everyday use of ICT in Finland 2006
Productivity and services : safety telephone services for the elderly
Laptops and mobile devices made easy
Enhancing the usability of telecare devices
iOS application security : the definitive guide for hackers and developers
Wireless security and privacy : best practices and design techniques
The death of the internet
"There are more than one billion Android devices in use today, each one a potential target. Unfortunately, many fundamental Android security features have been little more than a black box to all but the most elite security professionals until now. In Android Security Internals, top Android security expert Nikolay Elenkov takes us under the hood of the Android security system. Elenkov describes Android security architecture from the bottom up, delving into the implementation of major security related components and subsystems, like Binder IPC, permissions, cryptographic providers, and device administration."--Publisher's website.
Implementing Cisco IP switched networks (SWITCH) foundation learning guide
Working and studying on the Internet : proceedings of the Helsinki University of Technology, Seminar on Internetworking : Spring 2001
Matkaviestinsanasto = Mobilordlista = Vocabulary of mobile communication
Raising a digital child : a digital citizenship handbook for parents
Bluetooth demystified
Symbian OS platform security : software development using the Symbian OS security architecture
Open mobile identity : secure identity management and mobile payments using hand-held devices
Blackjacking : security threats to Blackberrys, PDAs, and cell phones in the enterprise
Pervasive computing : 6th international conference, Pervasive 2008, Sydney, Australia, May 19-22, 2008 : proceedings
A holistic look at the vast landscape of Internetsecurity-past, present, and futureA major attack on the Internet could wreak havoc onsociety-bringing down telephony, banking, business,government, media, and the energy grid. This book addresses thegrowing threats to the Internet from different sources, offeringin-depth guidance on how to combat them on both desktop and mobileplatforms.Edited by a specialist in holistic security with contributionsfrom experts in industry and academia, The Death of theInternet presents a unique, cross-disciplinary approach toInternet security. It goes beyond computer science to explore itssocial and psychological components, discussing politicallymotivated attacks, human error, and criminal tendencies. Geared tonon-technical readers and experts alike, the book clearly explainsthe general concepts of Internet security for managers anddecision-makers and provides engineers and industry professionalswith detailed instructions on how to develop effective designs withsecurity in mind. The Death of the Internet:. Covers topics of Internet security, online fraud, phishing, andmalware. Explores the growing need for dedicated smartphone Internetsecurity. Describes how security threats can result in loss of trust andadvertising revenues. Outlines proven countermeasures and explains how to implementthem using real-world examples. Reviews state-of-the-art research and future trends in Internetsecurity.
Security threats in mobile devices
Hacking VoIP : protocols, attacks, and countermeasures
Mobile computing : technology, applications, and service creation
Taking charge of your VoIP project
UMTS security
"Fraud poses a significant threat to the Internet. 1.5% of all online advertisements attempt to spread malware. This lowers the willingness to view or handle advertisements, which will severely affect the structure of the web and its viability. It may also destabilize online commerce. In addition, the Internet is increasingly becoming a weapon for political targets by malicious organizations and governments. This book will examine these and related topics, such as smart phone based web security. This book describes the basic threats to the Internet (loss of trust, loss of advertising revenue, loss of security) and how they are related. It also discusses the primary countermeasures and how to implement them".
Information society statistics 2006
Mobile device security : a comprehensive guide to securing your information in a moving world
Data and Goliath : the hidden battles to collect your data and control your world
Mobile application security
Mobile platform security
Managing rights in information products on the mobile internet
MITA : Mobile Internet Technical Architecture. 3, Visions and implementations
Performance analysis of 4G networks : new generation of mobile communication
Android security internals : an in-depth guide to Android's security architecture
Mobile device security for dummies
Programming Mobile Devices : an introduction for practitioners
Resource, mobility, and security management in wireless networks and mobile communications
Practical VoIP security
Computer networks
Design proposal of security application engine in EPOC based mobile phone
Security engineering : a guide to building dependable distributed systems
iPhone and iOS forensics : investigation, analysis and mobile security for apple iPhone, iPad, and iOS devices
Hardening network security
Principles of mobile computing and communications
Smart phone and next-generation mobile computing
Hacking exposed mobile : security secrets & solutions
Enhanced security for mobile user authentication and single sign-on
"Proven methodologies, technical rigor, and from-the-trenches experience to countering mobile security exploits--from the bestselling coauthor of the original Hacking Exposed. Hacking Exposed Mobile focuses on the security of applications running on mobile devices, specifically mobile phones. This book focuses on Android OS, as well as operating systems from Microsoft and Apple. As businesses rush their mobile products to market and conduct business transactions via mobile devices, vast new security risks, vulnerabilities, and exploits are of great concern. This book addresses all of these issues and provides proven solutions for securing mobile applications. No other book on hacking rivals the original, bulletproof pedagogy of this book's clear-cut Hack/Countermeasure approach. Proven strategies for preventing, detecting, and remediating common technology and architecture weaknesses and maintaining tight security controls permanently. Accessible style and format: attacks/countermeasures; risk ratings; case studies; self-assessment tips; check lists; and organizational strategies"-- "Identify and evade key threats across the expanding mobile risk landscape. Hacking Exposed Mobile : Security Secrets & Solutions covers the wide range of attacks to your mobile deployment alongside ready-to-use countermeasures. Find out how attackers compromise networks and devices, attack mobile services, and subvert mobile apps. Learn how to encrypt mobile data, fortify mobile platforms, and eradicate malware. This cutting-edge guide reveals secure mobile development guidelines, how to leverage mobile OS features and MDM to isolate apps and data, and the techniques the pros use to secure mobile payment systems.
Nokia firewall, VPN, and IPSO configuration guide
Internet security made easy
Let's read and talk about... Internet safety
Security solutions of wireless Internet
Information and communication technology in everyday life : interview results ICT use in Finland in 2007
Information security threats and solutions in the mobile world : the service developer's perspective
Uses of innovation : wristcare in the practices of engineers and elderly
VoIP handbook : applications, technologies, reliability, and security
Connecting business people
The death of the Internet
Towards holistic management of information within service networks : safety telephone services for ageing people
Agent based trust management in embedded devices
Studies in mobile security
Analysis and evaluation of the security concerns of VoIP services on smart phones : a case study of the Android-based phones.
Secure communications : applications and management
Mobile inter-networking with IPv6 : concepts, principles, and practices
Privacy on the line : the politics of wiretapping and encryption
Teleradiology - changing radiological service processes from local to regional, international and mobile environment
Cellular authentication for mobile and internet services
Android apps security
Voice over ip security : a comprehensive survey of vulnerabilities and academic research
VoIP : wireless, P2P and New Enterprise Voice Over IP
Camera phone supporting the family carer : ethical considerations
"This book investigates the technology of ubiquitous computing, emerging applications and services, and social issues vital for the successful deployment of a ubiquitous computing application. Providing high quality, authoritative content on such topics as device design, wireless communication, location sensing, privacy concerns, attention focus, multi-person interaction, and direct interaction, work patterns, it is a must-have in library collections"--Provided by publisher.
Security of SIP service infrastructure
GPRS and 3G wireless applications : professional developer's guide
Applied information security labs : a hands-on approach
TETRA : the advocate's handbook
Android and Mobile Forensics --  Android Hardware Platforms --  Android Software Development Kit and Android Debug Bridge --  Android File Systems and Data Structures --  Android Device, Data, and App Security --  Android Forensic Techniques --  Android Application and Forensic Analysis.
VoIP security
Communication networks : fundamental concepts and key architectures
Wireless security : models, threats, and solutions
The art of invisibility : the world's most famous hacker teaches you how to be safe in the age of Big Brother and Big Data
MITA : Mobile Internet Technical Architecture. 1, Technologies and standardization
You and your Tetra Radio
