http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13592 post-structuralism
post-structuralism
Experiencing the postmetaphysical self : between hermeneutics and deconstruction
Critique of violence : between poststructuralism and critical theory
Critical environments : postmodern theory and the pragmatics of the outside
Poststructuralism : a very short introduction
Force fields : between intellectual history and cultural critique / Martin Jay
Deconstructing educational leadership : Derrida and Lyotard
The parallax view
French philosophy in the twentieth century
Legal studies as cultural studies : a reader in (post)modern critical theory
A short history of sociological thought
The politics of radical democracy
With clarity, precision and economy, Paul Patton synthesizes the full range of Deleuze's work. He interweaves with great dexterity motifs that extend from his early works, such as Nietzsche and Philosophy, to the more recent What is Philosophy? and his key works such as Anti-Oedipus and Difference and Repetition. Throughout, Deleuze and the Political demonstrates Deleuze's relevance to theoretical and practical concerns in a number of disciplines including philosophy, political theory, sociology, history, and cultural studies. Paul Patton also presents an outstandingly clear treatment of fundamental concepts in Deleuze's work, such as difference, power, desire, multiplicities, nomadism and the war machine and sets out the importance of Deleuze to poststructuralist political thought. It will be essential reading for anyone studying Deleuze and students of philosophy, politics, sociology, literature and cultural studies.
Against the grain : essays 1975-1985
Ideology after poststructuralism
The Emperor redressed : critiquing critical theory : [papers 1992]
Metamorphoses : towards a materialist theory of becoming
Feminist politics after poststructuralism
The radical aesthetic / Isobel Armstrong
Post-structuralist geography : a guide to relational space
Poststructuralism and postcoloniality : the anxiety of theory
Animals and women : feminist theoretical explorations
Theories of desire
The trouble with theory : the educational costs of postmodernism
The function of criticism : from the spectator to post-structuralism / Terry Eagleton
Superstructuralism : the philosophy of structuralism and post-structuralism
Idea of the postmodern : a history
Otherwise occupied : pedagogies of alterity and the brahminization of theory
Post-structuralist and post-modernist sociology
Strange pleasure : deconstructing Ray Bradbury's Fahrenheit 451
Edith Södergran's Modern Virgin : Overcoming Nietzsche and the Gendered Narrator
Postmodernism and the environmental crisis
After the new criticism / Frank Lentricchia
Self-consciousness and the critique of the subject : Hegel, Heidegger, and the poststructuralists
Politics and post-structuralism : an introduction
Unique in its collation of major theorists rarely considered together, Critical Environments incorporates detailed discussions of the work of Richard Rorty, Walter Benn Michaels, Stanley Cavell, Humberto Maturana, Francisco Varela, Niklas Luhmann, Donna Haraway, Michel Foucault, Gilles Deleuze, Fredric Jameson, and others, and ranges across fields from feminist philosophy of science to the theory of ideology. Offering American readers a comprehensive introduction to systems theory and responding to the widespread charge of relativism leveled against it, Wolfe's work will enhance and inspire new kinds of critical thought.
Postmetaphysical thinking : philosophical essays
Textual strategies : perspectives in poststructuralist criticism
The spell of language : poststructuralism and speculation
Continental aesthetics reader
Analysing performance : a critical reader
Everything or nothing : critical theory, contemporary art and visual culture / Mika Hannula
Poststructuralism, marxism, and neoliberalism : between theory and politics
American criticism in the poststructuralist age
Paul Ricoeur is one of the most important modern literary theorists and a philosopher of world renown. This collection brings together his published articles, papers, reviews, and interviews that focus on literary theory and criticism. The first of four sections includes early pieces that explore the philosophical foundations for a post-structural hermeneutics. The second contains reviews and essays in which Ricoeur engages in debate over some of the central themes of literary theory, including figuration/configuration and narrativity. In the third section are later essays on post-structuralist hermeneutics, and in the fourth, interviews in which he discusses text, language, and myths. Mario Valdés provides an introduction to the literary theories of Paul Ricoeur and the works in this collection particularly. He also includes a complete bibliography of Ricoeur's works that have appeared in English
Privileging difference
Educational leadership and Michel Foucault
Critical geopolitics : the politics of writing global space
I know that you know that I know : narrating subjects from Moll Flanders to Marnie
Gilles Deleuze : an apprenticeship in philosophy
Fifty key contemporary thinkers : from structuralism to postmodernity
Animals and Women is a collection of pioneering essays that explores the theoretical connections between feminism and animal defense. Offering a feminist perspective on the status of animals, this unique volume argues persuasively that both the social construction and oppressions of women are inextricably connected to the ways in which we comprehend and abuse other species. Furthermore, it demonstrates that such a focus does not distract from the struggle for women's rights, but rather contributes to it. This wide-ranging multidisciplinary anthology presents original material from scholars in a variety of fields, as well as a rare, early article by Virginia Woolf. Exploring the leading edge of the species/gender boundary, it addresses such issues as the relationship between abortion rights and animal rights, the connection between woman-battering and animal abuse, and the speciesist basis for much sexist language. Also considered are the ways in which animals have been regarded by science, literature, and the environmentalist movement. A striking meditation on women and wolves is presented, as is an examination of sexual harassment and the taxonomy of hunters and hunting. Finally, this compelling collection suggests that the subordination and degradation of women is a prototype for other forms of abuse, and that to deny this connection is to participate in the continued mistreatment of animals and women.
Finnish summary.
Post-foundational political thought : political difference in Nancy, Lefort, Badiou and Laclau
Power and politics in poststructuralist thought : new theories of the political
Philosophy and post-structuralist theory : from Kant to Deleuze
British post-structuralism since 1968
When the first-world-north goes local : education and gender in post-revolution Laos
Meanings, texts, contexts : tracing the spectator in post-structuralist film theory
Reconsidering social constructionism : debates in social problems theory
Following Francois Laruelle's nonstandard philosophy and the work of Judith Butler, Drucilla Cornell, Luce Irigaray, and Rosi Braidotti, Katerina Kolozova reclaims the relevance of categories traditionally rendered "unthinkable" by postmodern feminist philosophies, such as "the real," "the one," "the limit," and "finality," thus critically repositioning poststructuralist feminist philosophy and gender/queer studies. Poststructuralist (feminist) theory sees the subject as a purely linguistic category, as always already multiple, as always already nonfixed and fluctuating, as limitless discursivity, and as constitutively detached from the instance of the real. This reconceptualization is based on the exclusion of and dichotomous opposition to notions of the real, the one (unity and continuity), and the stable. The non-philosophical reading of postructuralist philosophy engenders new forms of universalisms for global debate and action, expressed in a language the world can understand. It also liberates theory from ideological paralysis, recasting the real as an immediately experienced human condition determined by gender, race, and social and economic circumstance.
Nietzsche's French legacy : a genealogy of poststructalism
After poststructuralism : interdisciplinarity and literary theory
Introduction to contemporary social theory
Fredric Jameson : Marxism, hermeneutics, postmodernism
A body of writing : 1990-1999
Cut of the real : subjectivity in poststructuralist philosophy
The history of continental philosophy. v. 6, Poststructuralism and critical theory's second generation
Working feminism
After poststructuralism : reading, stories and theory
Why the novel matters : a postmodern perplex
Bridging the abyss : chaos and creation in A. S. Byatt's Possession and Tom Stoppard's Arcadia
Peter Greenaway's postmodern/poststructuralist cinema
Deconstruction, imperialism and the West Indian novel
Michel Foucault : beyond structuralism and hermeneutics
Poststructuralism, citizenship and social policy
An introductory guide to post-structuralism and postmodernism
After the future
International/intertextual relations : postmodern readings of world politics
Subjectivity in indeterminate and discursive ontologies : Judith Butler as a post-Hegelian deconstructionist
This title presents a distinct and original post-structuralist approach to Marx, allowing him to be read in a new light. Marx Through Post-Structuralism presents a thorough critical examination of the readings of Marx given by four post-structuralist thinkers, all key figures in Continental philosophy: Jean-Francois Lyotard, Jacques Derrida, Michel Foucault, and Gilles Deleuze. Arguing that both Marx and the post-structuralists seek to produce a genuinely materialist philosophy, the author aims to develop a better understanding of both Marx and post-structuralism and in so doing to reflect on the possibilities and problems for materialist philosophy more broadly. Against the common assumption that post-structuralism begins with a rejection of Marx, Choat argues that Marx has been a key influence on post-structuralist thought and that each of the four thinkers examined affirms Marx's contemporary significance. By looking at how these thinkers have read Marx - analysing their direct comments, unspoken uses, and implicit criticisms - the book demonstrates that there is a distinct and original post-structuralist approach to Marx that allows us to read him in a new light.
Understanding poststructuralism
After the Future explores our century-long obsession with the concept of "the future." Beginning with F. T. Marinetti's "Futurist Manifesto" and the worldwide race toward a new and highly mechanized society that defined the "Century of Progress," highly respected media activist Franco Berardi traces the genesis of future-oriented thought through the punk movement of the early '70s and into the media revolution of the '90s. Cyberculture, the last truly utopian vision of the future, has ended in a clash, and left behind an ever-growing system of virtual life and actual death, of virtual knowledge and actual war. Our future, Berardi argues, has come and gone; the concept has lost its usefulness. Now it's our responsibility to decide what comes next. Drawing on his own involvement with the Autonomia movement in Italy and his collaboration and friendship with leading thinkers of the European political left, including Félix Guattari and Antonio Negri, Berardi presents a highly nuanced analysis of the state of the contemporary working class, and charts a course out of the modern dystopian moment. Franco Berardi, better known in the United States as "Bifo", is an Italian autonomist philosopher and media activist. One of the founders of the notorious Radio Alice, a pirate radio station that became the voice of the autonomous youth movement of Bologna in the late 1970s, Bifo is the author of multiple works of theory, including the recently published The Soul at Work and "The Post-Futurist Manifesto".
Deleuze and the political
Doing Foucault in early childhood studies : applying poststructural ideas
Critical security studies : an introduction
"A critique of postmodernism and poststructuralism and an examination of their impact on higher education. Argues that students influenced by these trends in philosophy produce radically incoherent ideas about language, meaning, truth, and reality"--Provided by publisher.
The Tel Quel reader / edited by Patrick ffrench and Roland-François Lack
Critical resistance : from poststructuralism to post-critique
Mathematics education and language : interpreting hermeneutics and post-structuralism
The moral theory of poststructuralism
Seeking passage ; post-structuralism, pedagogy, ethics
Laclau and Mouffe : the radical democratic imaginary
History, the human, and the world between
The plethora of feminist strategies in Margaret Atwood's The Handmaid's tale : two feminist readings of The Handmaid's tale : a comparative study of an Anglo-American liberal humanist interpretation and a poststructural French interpretation of the novel
Derrida and the future of literature
Marx through post-structuralism : Lyotard, Derrida, Foucault, Deleuze
The passing of postmodernism : a spectroanalysis of the contemporary
Identity in question
Post-structuralism and the question of history
A Ricoeur reader : reflection and imagination
This dissertation is an interdisciplinary study within a comparative Nordic-Germanic framework that proposes new approaches to reading representations of gender in European literary modernism and philosophy via the works of Finland-Swedish poet Edith Södergran and Friedrich Nietzsche. I posit that Södergran's avant-garde poetry presents feminine, masculine, and androgynous narrators that subvert the function of misogyny in Nietzsche's philosophy, which she had fervently read and incorporated into her writing. Surely, Södergran must have faced obstacles as she confronted Nietzsche's ostensible ad feminam; however, her progressive poetry, I contend, illustrates how Nietzsche's own discourse is constructed by androgynous rhetoric that exhibits paradoxically helpful appropriations of the female body. I therefore suggest that Södergran's reception of Nietzsche ushers in a transvaluation of the "modernist body" that overcomes the cultural body of Man and Woman as she opens up philosophical discourse with the feminine other in Nietzsche's otherwise phallocentric discourse. Using a shared framework of post-structural feminist theory, narratology, and poetry criticism, this dissertation attempts to overturn long-standing interpretations of Nietzsche's philosophy and to revise Södergran's mythologized biography and traditional analyses of her poetry. In chapter one, I attempt to separate Edith Södergran from her romanticized biography and refigure the female writing subject in history in a way that de-emphasizes her glorified, personal afflictions and instead elucidates Södergran's creative efforts to redefine gender. In chapter two, I posit that Södergran's lyrical narrator is not an exclusively female subject but a speaker that is multiple: Södergran's narrators are voiced by female, male, and androgynous bodies; which leads to a type of transgendered experience of narration. Chapter three focuses on Nietzsche's representations of women that I suggest influenced Södergran's writing. I attempt to show that Nietzsche's misogyny is actually a latent discussion of the cultural body that has been constructed and maintained by Western caricatures of femininity and masculinity. In chapter four, I examine the paradoxical representations of women in Also Sprach Zarathustra [Thus Spoke Zarathustra]. I look at what Zarathustra's hyper-masculine rhetoric can mean to a female reader who may be seeking ways to demystify essentialist constructions of sexual difference, and I explore the implications that Zarathustra's prophecy of the Übermensch--an advanced, idealistic human being--has for the human body. In the final chapter, I look at the narratological techniques that Södergran and Nietzsche employ in their poetry. Through a combined narratological and feminist approach, I suggest that Södergran and Nietzsche meticulously construct disruptive archetypes of the cultural body via multi-gendered narrative voices. I argue that Nietzsche and Södergran transcend normative narrative devices and introduce unprecedented post-gendered bodies and voices into the European modernist tradition. Their particular depictions of the post-gendered body thus resonate with contemporary theories and philosophical discussions of sex and gender.
Language and space : the poststructuralist turn in the philosophy of culture
Godless intellectuals? : the intellectual pursuit of the sacred reinvented
Beckett and poststructuralism
A deconstruction of the Western subject in J. M. Coetzee's early novels
Literary theory : an introduction
Only connect? : Aspects of intertextuality in Zadie Smith's On beauty
Poststructuralist geographies : the diabolical art of spatial science
Recodings : art, spectacles, cultural politics / Hal Foster
Cultural history
Feminist teaching in theory and practice : situating power and knowledge in poststructural classrooms
New feminisms, gender equality and neoliberalism in swedish girl films, 1995-2006
Unbecoming subjects : Judith Butler, moral philosophy, and critical responsibility
A diffuse murmur of history : literary memory narratives of civil war and dictatorship in Spanish novels after 1990
20th century theories of art / edited by James M. Thomson
Accounting, accountants and accountability : poststructuralist positions
From Prague to Paris : a critique of structuralist and post-structuralist thought
Poststructuralism and educational research
From Bakunin to Lacan : anti-authoritarianism and the dislocation of power
Out of Africa : post-structuralism's colonial roots
"The theorisation of international relations has progressed considerably in recent years to the point that a dialogue between the concurrent disciplines of International Relations (IR), political theory and international law has started to emerge. There is, however, much work still to be done in establishing what could be termed an 'International Theory' - one which contains the potential to transcend arbitrary disciplinary and methodological boundaries (particularly where the subject matter of the respective disciplines - working out a conception of normative reason appropriate to application in considerations of international justice and human rights - is trans-disciplinary in nature). This insightful contemporary critique considers the poststructuralist challenge to the very foundations and methodological commitments of traditional IR theory, as developed by R.B.J. Walker and Richard Ashley in the 1990s and beyond - as well as the various ways in which the discipline has sought to respond to such a pervasive attack on its most cherished beliefs. This study not only brings into question the central tenets of traditional IR theory, but also uses the political thought and theories of key thinkers including John Rawls, Friedrich Kratochwil and Peri Roberts to posit an account of normative reasoning which overcomes the challenges presented by a poststructuralist perspective"--
Medieval arts doctrines on ambiguity and their place in Langland's poetics
The age of the world target : self-referentiality in war, theory, and comparative work
The novel after theory
Positioning gender in discourse : a feminist methodology
Geographic thought : a critical introduction
"A parallax can be defined as the apparent displacement of an object caused by a change in observational position. Author Slavoj Zizek is interested in the "parallax gap" separating two points between which no synthesis or mediation is possible, linked by an "impossible short circuit" of levels that can never meet. From this consideration of parallax, Zizek begins a rehabilitation of dialectical materialism. The Parallax View not only expands Zizek's Lacanian-Hegelian approach to new domains (notably cognitive brain sciences) but also provides the systematic exposition of the conceptual framework that underlies his entire work."--BOOK JACKET.
Not saussure : a critique of post-Saussurean literary theory
In a materialist way : selected essays
Negotiations : 1972-1990
The ontology of sex : a critical inquiry into the deconstruction and reconstruction of categories
Overcoming poststructuralism : Rawls, Kratochwil and the structure of normative reasoning in international relations
Thinking through French philosophy : the being of the question
Post-structuralist readings of English poetry
