http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13503 Kyrgyz people
Kyrgyz people Kyrgyz Kirgiz
The memorial feast for Kökötöy-Khan (Kökötöydün Aši) : a Kirghiz epic poem
Patron, party, patrimony : notes on the cultural history of the Kirghiz epic tradition
Akundar žana manasčylar - kyrgyz èlinin ruhanij madanijatyn tüzüüčülör žana saktoočular = Akyns and Manaschis - creators and keepers of the Kyrgyz people spiritual culture = Akyny i manasči - sozdateli i hranteli duhovnoj kul'tkry kyrgyzskogo naroda
The genealogical construction of the Kyrgyz Republic : kinship, state and "tribalism"
In a paradigmatic shift, Gullette analyses how people's exploration of genealogy serves to establish relatedness between groups and individuals through shared memories of ancestors, but not to define social structure. His examination of personal accounts of honouring ancestors and fulfilling family obligations reveals how moral values are transmitted through genealogies and how social relations are maintained to receive help through family networks.
Students of anthropology, international relations and political science, as well as those interested in regional studies, will welcome the solid analytical and theoretical structure of this book. --Book Jacket.
Dictionary of the Turkic languages
The Manas of Wilhelm Radloff
History, which shapes memories, became the vehicle for a national campaign through which former President Askar Akaev adapted these relations to create an ethnic and state ideology of unity. By introducing and exploiting national celebrations, the former president not only advanced the ideals of the republic, but also introduced elements of self-discipline. Gullette utilizes genealogy to explore the contexts in which these celebrations were conducted and the value placed on them for the Akaev regime's longevity.
Èpos "Manas" : naučno-populârnyj očerk = The epos "Manas" : scientific-popular essay = Das Epos "Manas" : populär-wissenschaftlicher Essay
Traditions of heroic and epic poetry. Vol. 1, The traditions
Kyrgyz musical instruments = Kyrgyzskie muzykal'nye instrumenty
In this important new study on the peoples of the Kyrgyz Republic (Kyrgyzstan), David Gullette exposes significant misconceptions that have hitherto shaped Western understanding about the role of kinship in Kyrgyz society and offers new insights into notions of relatedness.
Manas epos and the world's epic heritage : theses of the International Scientific Symposium Devoted to the "Manas" Epos Millenial Anniversary : August 25-28, 1995, Bishkek
Folk traditions in modern society
Traditions of heroic and epic poetry. Vol. 2, Characteristics and techniques
Textualising the Siri epic
Central Asia phrasebook
Cultural trends. 7, Words and images of the twentieth century ; The cultures of Soviet Asia
Ultimate ambiguities : investigating death and liminality
The Kirghiz and Wakhi of Afghanistan : adaptation to closen frontiers
Kyrgyz traditional art = Kyrgyzskoe tradicionnoe iskusstvo
Kyrgyzstan : The Art of Nomads
The writings of Li Te-Yü as sources for the history of T'ang-Inner Asian relations
When the edelweiss flowers flourish
Other ways of growing old : anthropological perspectives
Finding the holy path
CARAVANS TO TARTARY
