http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13590 basic education
basic education
From educational research to educational policy : a curriculum evaluation study of the primary school system in Jamaica
Primary education in Norway : report
Reducing the burden on the poor : household costs of basic education in Gansu, China
Children learn mathematics : a learning-teaching trajectory with intermediate attainment targets for calculation with whole numbers in primary school : developed by the TAL Team
The development of education 1994-1996 : national report of Finland
Schools within schools : an answer to the public school dilemma
Administrative reform and capacity building : the case of primary education in Bangladesh
Education and development : tradition and innovation. Volume 3, Innovations in delivering primary education
Re-integrating education, skills and work in Africa : towards informal or knowledge economies? towards autonomy or dependency in development?
Disability, culture, and development : a case study of Japanese children at school
The study of primary education : a source book. Vol. 1
Education and development : tradition and innovation. Volume 1, Concepts, approaches and assumptions
Koulutus kaikille : Suomen kansallinen toimintasuunnitelma = Utbildning för alla : Finlands nationella handlingsplan = Education for all : Finnish national action plan
Abstract: Follow-up and evaluation of the teacher education development programme 2005.
The civic mission in educational reform : perspectives for the public and the profession
Savage inequalities : children in America's schools
School, family, and community partnerships : your handbook for action
Article deals with foreign labour migration influence on both qualitative and quantitative human capital parameters. Three global challenges negatively affecting human capital in a recipient-country were found out: low-skilled migrants; contradictions in the present-day migration processes; non-application of competence-based approach towards foreign labour migrants. Authors elaborated a number of recommendations on migration policy for Russian authorities to overcome these disadvantages..
Change the world with service learning : how to organize, lead, and assess service-learning projects
Expertise and the primary school teacher
Developing technology education : in search of curriculum elements for Finnish general education schools
The process of education
India education report
The future of the Finnish education system : results of a forecast model
Pre-primary and comprehensive school education
Benefiting from basic education, school quality and functional literacy in Kenya
Entrepreneurship for everyone? Neoliberal governance, educability and social differences in the school's entrepreneurship education.
Achieving universal primary education by 2015 : a chance for every child
Elementary education : a reference handbook
Summary (s. 5-13).
Roma and travellers in public education : an overview of the situation in the EU Member States : Executive summary
Practical subjects in Zambian primary education : an evaluation of the Zambian-Finnish Practical Subjects Development Co-operation Project
This book compares primary education in urban and rural China and India. It focuses on how the sociocultural context including educational policy, educators and parents' beliefs, and the conditions under which teaching and learning occur shape classroom pedagogy and determine children's attainment. This in-depth, authentic, comparative analysis of the two largest educational systems in the world is a must-read for scholars interested in the teaching and learning in these two rapidly developing Asian cultures. A common set of questions has been addressed in diverse contexts. The empirical work on which this book is based is most impressive - videotaping of mathematics and language lessons, interviews with parents and educators questionnaires with parents, teachers and children and tests of children's mathematics attainment - and this done in 3 locations in China, 3 in India and 12 schools in total.
Primary education in Sweden
Equality matters : case studies from the primary school
Policy development and reform principles of basic and secondary education in Finland since 1968
Female primary education : participation and achievement of girls in development countries with particular reference to Pakistan
Basic education and national development : lessons from China and India
Primary education in Finland : report
Education and development : tradition and innovation. Volume 4, Non-formal and non-governmental approaches
Practical subjects in primary schools : ex-post evaluation of Finnish support to PS in Zambia
What teachers need to know : the knowledge, skills, and values essential to good teaching
Education systems in many of the world's poorest countries are now experiencing the aftermath of the global economic downturn.  This report argues that the crisis could create a lost generation of children whose life chances will have been irreparably damaged by a failure to protect their right to education.  It examines who these children are and why they are being left behind, and looks at concrete solutions for making sure that no children are excluded from schooling.--Publisher's description.
PISA06 Finland : analyses, reflections and explanations
Makers of the India phenomenon
Foreign labor migration and human capital development in Russia
Case study on "Co-ordinated school work in Iceland"
Improving primary education in developing countries
Key figures on early childhood and basic education in Finland
From initial education to working life : making transitions work
The future of literacy in a changing world
Primary education in Iceland : report
Children in chancery
Achieving sustainable universal primary education through debt relief : the case of Kenya
Issues in planning and implementing national literacy programmes
Zhonghuá rénmín gònghéguó jiàoyù fǎlüjí = The laws on education of the People's Republic of China
Designing and implementing policies related to career management skills (CMS) : brief summary
What makes an education project work? : conditions for successful functioning of an Indian primary-level programme of nonformal education
Educational finance and educational reform in Peru
Makelle (Ethiopia) elementary school drop-out 1967
Emerging issues in primary education
Balancing the books : household financing of basic education in Cambodia
Strengthening the quality assurance and evidence-base for lifelong guidance : brief summary
Indicators of the quality of education : a summary of a national study of primary schools in Zimbabwe
Primary school in Japan : self, individuality and learning in elementary education
Education and training in Ethiopia : an evaluation of approaching EFA goals
Youth and skills : putting education to work
Key topics in education in Europe. Vol. 2, Financing and management of resources in compulsory education : trends in national policies
The role of art and craft in Namibian primary schools
A new start for Afghanistan's education sector
Studies on earnings dynamics and uncertainty in return to education
Basic education for all : a global concern for quality : report from the 1999 NASEDEC conference
The purpose of the study was to describe the experiences of registered nurses working in the reception of primary health care about their own abilities of recognizing and broaching violence against women in relationships. We also included the necessity of further education to the study. The material was collected by using the methods of focused interview by interviewing two registered nurses in the reception of primary health care who have been working 9-22 years. The acquired materials were analyzed by inductive material-oriented analyzing method. Results show that registered nurses experience recognition and broaching of domestic violence challenging and difficult without physical signs. Registered nurses experience that they need more charges and education about domestic violence. The use of questionnaires about violence was seen useful. Experience of domestic violence issues were seen helpful and important. Based on the results there is a small amount of further education and it was needed. Different kind of questionnaires was seen useful for broaching. In the future there could be developed a thesis as a project about recognition and broaching of domestic violence. The thesis could be a guide book or an education day. It would be also interesting to study from children ́s perspectives the experiences of living in a violent family or the effects of registered nurse ́s own background and own experiences to broaching.
Discussions on some educational issues. 4
Arts & crafts : a manual for teachers in Namibia
Characteristics of workplace learning among Finnish vocational students
Cognition and curriculum reconsidered
Kyrgyz Republic 2010 : lessons from PISA
Supplementary education : the hidden curriculum of high academic achievement
Implementing basic education in China : progress and prospects in rich, poor and national minority areas
Operation blackboard : policy implementation in Indian elementary education
Alpha 96 : basic education & work
Perspectives on Plowden
The inclusive classroom in Tanzania : dream or reality?
Basic education, population and development
Education in Finland : Basic education
"This book examines Japanese cultural beliefs about disability and related socialization practices as they impact the experiences of elementary school-aged children. Physical and mental conditions which impair children's functioning are universal issues impacting child welfare and educational systems around the world. While the American approach is well understood and represented in the literature, cultures differ in which physical and mental conditions are considered 'disabling'. Currently, the Japanese educational system is in transition as public schools implement formal special education services for children with developmental disabilities. 'Developmental disabilities' is a new term used by Japanese educators to categorize a variety of relatively minor social and cognitive conditions caused by neurologically based deficits: learning disabilities such as dyslexia, ADHD, and Asperger's Syndrome. Children who were once considered 'difficult' or 'slow learners' are now considered to be 'disabled' and in need of special services. This transition created an excellent opportunity to explore Japanese beliefs about disability that might otherwise have remained unexamined by participants, and how these evolving beliefs and new socialization and educational practices impact children's experiences"--
Sequential explanatory study of factors connected with science achievement in six countries: Finland, England, Hungary, Japan, Latvia and Russia : study based on TIMSS 1999
Education and development : tradition and innovation. Volume 2, Equity and excellence in education for development
The sustainability of school improvement in challenging contexts : case study of public schools in Antofagasta, Chile
Researching primary education : methods and issues
Socio-cultural contexts affecting the export of education : the case of Finnish primary schools and the United Arab Emirates
Arts and skills - source of well-being : Third International Journal of Intercultural Arts Education
Education and development : tradition and innovation. Introductory volume, Education and development : a human rights analysis
Combating primary school dropout in South Asia
Comprehensive school in Finland
Manual : proposals for easy school transitions in Lapland
Handbook of primary education in Europe
"There are no limits on studying" : education in and on China and Chinese
Key issues for primary schools
Getting started : universalising quality primary education in Bangladesh : incorporating the report on the Conference on Universal Primary Education in Bangladesh, held in Dhaka and Rajendrapur, 6 - 10 August 1996
Teaching in primary schools in China and India : contexts of learning
School knowledge for the masses : world models and national primary curricular categories in the twentieth century
The right to education of children of immigrants
Educational strategies in Finland in the 1990s
The Paideia program : an educational syllabus : essays by the Paideia Group
Reaching the marginalized
Research and practice in the primary classroom
Do Key Skills enhance learning? : a constructivist approach to Key Skills with an emphasis on foreign language learning
Schools reaching out to a global world : what competences do global citizens need?
Socio-cultural contexts affecting the export of education: the case of Finnish primary schools and the United Arab Emirates
New citizens for a new society : the institutional origins of mass schooling in Sweden
Equity and excellence : evidence for policy formulation to reduce the difference in PISA performance between Swedish speaking and Finnish speaking students in Finland
