http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13527 individualisation
individualisation
Instructional development for individualized learning in higher education
Ulrich Beck : an introduction to the theory of second modernity and the risk society
Evidence-based educational methods
Personalisation of education in contexts : policy critique and theories of personal improvement
Personalisation and learning disabilities : a handbook
Making it personal : individualising activation services in the EU
Aspects of educational technology. Vol. 10, Educational technology for individualised learning
Philosophy of personal identity and multiple personality
Individual and Individuality? : approaches towards an archaeology of personhood in the First Millennium AD
The First Finnish Mass Customization and Personalization (MCP) Forum : facing international research
Design connections : knowledge, value and involvement through design
Flip your classroom : reach every student in every class every day
Personalising education
Handbook of curriculum design for individualized instruction : a systems approach; how to develop curriculum materials from rigorously defined behavioral objectives
Discovering what works for struggling readers : journeys of exploration with primary-grade students
Handbook for managing individualized learning in the classroom
Personalized patient education and the internet : linking health information to the electronic patient record : STEPPS in burn care
Teaching through self-instruction : a practical handbook for course developers
Personalizing education in the classroom
Differentiating instruction for students with learning disabilities : best teaching practices for general and special educators
Learning centers : development and operation
What about me? : the struggle for identity in a market-based society
Individualized techniques and activities for teaching slow learners
Individually guided elementary education : concepts and practices
The slow learner in the classroom
Understanding emotions in the classroom : differentiating teaching strategies for optimal learning
Education and the culture of consumption : personalisation and the social order
Commonsense methods for children with special educational needs
Personalized patient education and the Internet : linking health information to the electronic patient record : STEPPS in burn care
Human characteristics and school learning
"For nearly two hundred years the organisational form of the school has changed little. Bureaucracy has been its enduring form. The school has prepared the worker for the factory of mass production. It has created the 'mass consumer' to be content with accepting what is on offer, not what is wanted. However, a 'revised' educational code appears to be emerging. This practice centres upon the concept of 'personalisation', which operates at two levels: first, as a new mode of public service delivery, and second, as a new 'grammar' for the school, with new flexibilities of structure and pedagogical process. Personalisation has its intellectual roots in marketing theory, not in educational theory and is the facilitator of 'education for consumption'. It allows for the 'market' to suffuse even more the fabric of education, albeit under the democratic-sounding call of freedom of choice. Education and the Culture of Consumption raises many questions about personalisation which policy-makers seem prone to avoid:"--
Classroom computers and cognitive science
Designing world class corporate strategies : value-creating roles for corporate centres
