http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13579 tables of squares
tables of squares
Tables of computed altitude and azimuth : latitudes 60° to 69°, inclusive. Vol. VII
Abstract.
The nautical almanac. 1971, for the year 1971
Mathematics : a basic introduction
Technical analysis and chart interpretations : a comprehensive guide to understanding established trading tactics for ultimate profit
Microsoft Office Visio 2007 for dummies
Creating spreadsheets and charts in Excel
The Aldrich library of NMR spectra. Vol. 4
The Aldrich library of NMR spectra. Vol. 9
Measure for measure
Cataloged galaxies and quasars observed in the IRAS survey : version 2
Spreadsheet tools for engineers using Excel
Excel 2010 For Dummies
A field guide for human skeletal identification
The Aldrich library of NMR spectra. Vol. 7
Even you can learn statistics : a guide for everyone who has ever been afraid of statistics
The designer's guide to presenting numbers, figures, and charts
NP303/AP3270 Rapid Sight Reduction Tables for Navigation : Volume 1 Selected Stars Epoch 2015.0
Scoring table for track and field events
Engine management and fuel injection systems : pin tables and wiring diagrams techbook. Volume 2, Mercedes Benz-Volvo
American practical navigator : an epitome of navigation. Vol. 2, Useful tables, calculations, glossary of marine navigation
Sun's true bearing or Azimuth tables
Statistical tables for economic, business and social studies
The 95th Edition of the Handbook includes 22 new tables and major updates and expansions. A new series highlighting the achievements of some of the major historical figures in chemistry and physics was initiated with the 94th edition. This series is continued with this edition, which is focused on Galileo Galilei, James Clerk Maxwell, Marie Sklodowska Curie, and Linus Carl Pauling. This series, which provides biographical information, a list of major achievements, and notable quotations attributed to each of the renowned chemists and physicists, will be continued in succeeding editions. Each edition will feature two chemists and two physicists.
Probability and statistics: formulae
CRC handbook of chemistry and physics : a ready-reference book of chemical and physical data
2000 world census of agriculture : methodological review (1996-2005)
Atlas of polymer and plastics analysis. 3, Additives and processing aids
Mathematical handbook of formulas and tables : based on Schaum's Outline of mathematical handbook of formulas and tables
A guide to the elements
CRC handbook of proximate analysis tables of higher plants
Nautical Almanac 2012 : Commercial Edition
United States Naval Observatory double star CD 2006.5 : Washington double star catalog 2006.5 : sixth catalog of orbits of visual binary stars : fourth catalog of interferometric measurements of binary stars : second photometric magnitude difference catalog : catalog of rectilinear elements of visual double stars
The I.S.O. system of units : an introduction
PPM star catalogue : positions and proper motions of 197179 stars south of -2.5 degrees declination for equinox and epoch; J2000.0. Vol. 4, Zones -30[sup aste] to -80[sup aste]
Table of integrals, series, and products
The Arrow index for fuzzy choice functions
Aviation mechanic handbook
Bestimmungstabellen : für Edelsteine, syntetische Steine, Imitationen = Tables of gemstone identification
Applied mathematical & physical formulas : a pocket reference guide for students, mechanical engineers, electrical engineers, manufacturing engineers, maintenance technicians, toolmakers, and machinists
Carlsberg Meridian catalogue, La Palma. 6, observations of positions of stars and planets 1990.
Japanese candlestick charting techniques : a contemporary guide to ancient investment techniques of the Far East
Kansantalouden tilinpito 2002-2011= National accounst : Taulukot = Tables
CRC standard mathematical tables and formulae
Carlsberg Meridian catalogue, La Palma. 1, Observations of positions of stars and planets made in the year 1984.
Ed Ponsi's straightforward guide to understanding technical analysis Technical Analysis and Chart Interpretations delivers simple explanations and easy-to-understand techniques that demystify the technical analysis process.
Atlas of polymer and plastics analysis = Atlas der Polymer- und Kunststoffanalyse. 2a-b.1/2, Plastics, fibres , rubbers, resins, starting and auxiliary materials, degradation pr oducts
Tables of derivatives for damped vibrations
ECDL® advanced 2.0 : module AM4 spreadsheets using Microsoft ® Excel
CRC handbook of chemistry and Physics : a ready-reference book of chemical and physical data
Calculation of elevator round-trip time for the collective control algorithm in general traffic situations
Brown's sailing directions for the east coast of England and Scotland : ten charts giving courses and distances, lights fog signals and general information : Dungeness to Dunnet Head
101 ready-to-use excel formulas
Tables of computed altitude and azimuth : latitudes 50° to 59°, inclusive. Vol. VI
Attitude tables computed for intervals of four minutes between the parallels of latitude 31 and 60 and parallels of declination 0 and 24
Dissolved gas concentration in water : computation as functions of temperature, salinity and pressure
The Aldrich library of NMR spectra. Vol. 1
CRC handbook of engineering tables
Scoring table for track and field events : adopted by the Congress of the International Amateur Athletic Fedaration Brussels 1950
Pyöreän puutavaran tilavuustaulukoita : Op. 13. = Rundvirkes-kuberaren = Cubature of round timber = Kubikinhalt von runden Hölzern = Cubature de bois rond
Practical petroleum tables for ship's use : rapid conversion of cubic feet to long and metric tons
Crc standard mathematical tables
New altitude and azimuth tables between latitude 65 N. and 65 S. for the determination of the position line at sea
International critical tables of numerical data, physics, chemistry and technology
Acid-based dissociation constats in dipolar aprotic solvents
The Aldrich library of NMR spectra. Vol. 3
Physics handbook for science and engineering
NP303/AP3270 Rapid Sight Reduction Tables for Navigation : Volume 3 Latitudes 39°-89° Declinations 0°-29°
Attribute sampling plans, tables of tests and confidence limits for proportions
NP303/AP3270 Rapid Sight Reduction Tables for Navigation : Volume 2 Latitudes 0°-40° Declinations 0°-49°
Carlsberg Meridian catalogue, La Palma. 2, Observations of positions of stars and planets made in the year 1985.
Smithsonian physical tables
Sahatun puutavaran tilavuustaulukoita : (Metreistä kuutiometreiksi millimetrimitoin) = Tabeller för kubikinnehåll av sågat virke : (Från meter till kubikmeter i millimetermått) = Tables of cubic contents of sawn timber : (From metres into cubic metres in millimetre measure)
Microsoft Excel : basics
The lights and tides of the world, including a description of all the fog-signals
The Aldrich library of NMR spectra. Vol. 10
The Aldrich library of NMR spectra. Vol. 8
Carlsberg Meridian catalogue, La Palma. 9, Observations of positions of stars and planets May 1984 to March 1995 including extinction and meteorological data
On distributed computing on elliptic curves
The Sadtler handbook of infrared spectra
Mathematical handbook of formulas and tables
Create and use spreadsheets plus challenges & assessment tasks : Microsoft Excel 2013
Automotive handbook
Hansen's improved Ex-meridian tables
The Aldrich library of NMR spectra. Vol. 2
Norie's nautical tables with explanations of their use
The complete mathematical and general navigation tables, including every table required with the nautical almanac in finding the latitude and longitude : with an explanation of their construction, use, and application to navigation and nautical astronomy, trigonometry, dialling, gunnery, etc. etc.. Vol. 1
Al-Kāshī's geographical table
Carlsberg Meridian catalogue, La Palma. 3, Observations of positions of stars and planets made in the year 1986.
Thermodynamic tables to accompany Modern engineering thermodynamics
United States Naval Observatory double star CD 2001.0 : Washington double star catalog 2001.0 : fifth catalog of orbits of visual binary stars : third catalog of interferometric measurements of binary stars : photometric magnitude difference catalog
The "newest" navigation and aviation altitude and azimuth tables for facilitating the determination of lines of position and geographical position at sea and in the air
Nautical Almanac 2015 : Commercial Edition
Barlow's tables of squares, cubes, square roots, cube roots and reciprocals of all integers up to 12,500
A survey of Islamic astronomical tables
Beginning Microsoft Office 2010
Carlsberg Meridian catalogue, La Palma. 8, Observations of positions of stars and planets August 1992 to December 1993.
Scoring table for women's track and field events : adopted by the Congress of the International Amateur Atheletic Federation held in Berne, 1954
Scoring table for women's track and field events
Plane trigonometry and tables
The Aldrich library of NMR spectra. Vol. 11
The admiralty tide and tidal stream tables. Vol. 2, Atlantic and Indian Oceans : for the year 1958
Statistical tables for biological, agricultural and medical research
Standard mathematical tables
A complete set of nautical tables with explanation of their
International tables for crystallography. Vol. 100, Mathematical, physical and chemical tables
The nautical almanac and astronomical ephemeris for the year 1913. Part 1, containing such portions as are essential for navigation
The nautical almanac and astronomical ephemeris : 1910
The 1952 A.T.F.S. international athletic annual
The healthy diet calorie counter
Tide tables for standard ports in the United Kingdom and othparts of the world for the year 1915 ..
Statistical tables for science, engineering, management and business studies
Handbook of mathematical formulas and integrals
Engineering with Excel
Get started with Excel 2010
American practical navigator : An epitome of navigation and nautical astronomy
Excel 2013 for dummies
Excel outside the box : unbelievable excel techniques
The nautical almanac and astronomical ephemeris for the year 1837 : with an appendix
Atlas of polymer and plastics analysis. Part B : vol. 2 : plastics, fibres, rubbers, resins; starting  and auxiliary materials, degradation products
A pragmatic guide to business process modelling
Absorption spectra of liquids, solutions and solids
Useful tables from the American practical navigator
Handbook of mathematical, scientific, and engineering formulas, tables, functions, graphs, transforms
Develop and use complex spreadsheets : Microsoft Excel 2013
Carlsberg Meridian catalogue, La Palma. 1-11, Observations of positions of stars and planets May 1984 to May 1998   including extinction and meteorological data
Mathematical tables and formulas
The nautical almanac abridged for the use of seamen for the year 1915
Admiralty tide tables : volume 1 : 1971 : European waters : including Mediterranean Sea
Pyöreän puutavaran tilavuustaulukoita = Rundvirkeskuberaren cubature of round timber
Rapid sight reduction tables for navigation : volume 1:selected stars, epoch 2005-0
Puutavaran laskutustaulukkoja = Faktureringstabeller för trävaror = Price calculating tables for wood goods
An experimental investigation : do animated graphs improve the quality of sales forecasting decisions in comparison to tables?
Navigation tables for mariners and aviators
Engine management and fuel injection systems : pin tables and wiring diagrams techbook. Volume 1, Alfa Romeo-Mazda
Atlas of carbon-13 NMR data. Volume 1, Compounds 1-999
Scientific unit conversion : a practical guide to metrication
Excel VBA programming for dummies
ECDL® advanced 2.0 : module AM3 word prosessing using Microsoft ® Word
The nautical almanac and astronomical ephemeris for the year 1912. Part 1, containing such portions as are essential for navigation
The physico-chemical constants of binary systems in concentrated solutions. Vol. 1, Two Organic Compounds
Atlas of carbon-13 NMR data. Cumulative indexes : compounds 1-3017
Learn excel 2007 essential skills with the smart method
Diagrams : innovative solutions for graphic designers
Carlsberg Meridian Catalogue, La Palma, Number 14 2005 : declination range: -30° to +50°. 14, CCD Observations of positions of stars March 1999 to October 2005.
Guide to tables in mathematical statistics
Carlsberg Meridian catalogue, La Palma. 4, Observations of positions of stars and planets: May 1984 to February 1988.
2002 nautical almanac : commercial edition : including November & December 2001.
Methods for preparing yield tables
Pocket book of integrals and mathematical formulas
The Aldrich library of NMR spectra. Vol. 6
Calculus : the dynamics of change
Gas tables : for compressible flow calculations
A complete set of nautical tables, with explanations of their use
The Aldrich library of NMR spectra. Vol. 5
The nautical almanac abridged for the use of seamen for the year 1920
A method for computing the characteristic polynomial and determining semidefiniteness
Statistical tables and formulae
Atlas of polymer and plastics analysis. 1, Polymers: structures and spectra
The Chicago guide to writing about numbers
Kaivospuiden tilavuustaulukoita = Tabeller för gruvprops = Tables for pit-props
Understanding Data : principles & practice of statistics
Statistical tables
Carlsberg Meridian catalogue, La Palma. 7, Observations of positions of stars and planets January 1991 to August 1992.
AIP physics desk reference
Tide tables for the british and irish ports for the year 1909.
Beta : mathematics handbook : concepts, theorems, methods, algorithms, formulas, graphs, tables
The complete mathematical and general navigation tables, including every table required with the nautical almanac in finding the latitude and longitude : with copious treatises on navigation, nautical astronomy, plane and spherical trigonometry, dialling, gunnery, etc.. Vol. 2
The nautical almanac abridged for the use of seamen for the year 1928
PPM star catalogue : positions and proper motions of 197179 stars south of -2.5 degrees declination for equinox and epoch; J2000.0. Vol. 3, Zones -00[sup aste] to -20[sup aste]
Smithsonian meteorological tables
Modelling mean above and below ground litter production based on yield tables
Atlas of carbon-13 NMR data. Volume 2, Compounds 1000-3017
Computing partial information out of intractable : powers of algebraic numbers as an example
Handbook of analytical chemistry
Regional model life tables and stable populations
Griffith's trimming tables
The knowledge : the periodic table
