http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13540 introversion
introversion
Playing, laughing, and learning with children on the autism spectrum : a practical resource of play ideas for parents and carers
"A discussion of the power of introverts for kids and teens with a focus on school, family life, and friendship"--
The happy introvert : a wild and crazy guide for celebrating your true self
Quiet impact : how to be a successful introvert
The perks of being a wallflower
"The monumental bestseller Quiet has been recast in a new edition that empowers introverted kids and teens    Susan Cain sparked a worldwide conversation when she published Quiet: The Power of Introverts in a World That Can't Stop Talking. With her inspiring book, she permanently changed the way we see introverts and the way introverts see themselves.  The original book focused on the workplace, and Susan realized that a version for and about kids was also badly needed. This book is all about kids' world--school, extracurriculars, family life, and friendship. You'll read about actual kids who have tackled the challenges of not being extroverted and who have made a mark in their own quiet way. You'll hear Susan Cain's own story, and you'll be able to make use of the tips at the end of each chapter. There's even a guide at the end of the book for parents and teachers.  This insightful, accessible, and empowering book, illustrated with amusing comic-style art, will be eye-opening to extroverts and introverts alike"--
The introvert advantage : how to thrive in an extrovert world
Introverted leader : building on your quiet strength
Silence is goldfish
The introvert entrepreneur : amplify your strengths and create success on your own terms in ten steps
Making sense of autism
Thinking in pictures : and other reports from my life with autism
The Introvert & Extrovert in Love : making it work when opposites attract
The highly sensitive person : how to thrive when the worlds overwhelms you
Abstract.
Helping your socially vulnerable child : what to do when your child is shy, socially anxious, withdrawn, or bullied
Quiet power : the secret strengths of introverts
Understanding shyness : psychological perspectives
Autism and ICT : a guide for teachers and parents
Shrinking violets : a field guide to shyness
Highly sensitive people in an insensitive world : how to create a happy life
The development of shyness and social withdrawal
Introvert power : why your inner life is your hidden strength
Our success as a species is built on sociability, so shyness in humans should be an anomaly. But it's actually remarkably common - we all know what it's like to cringe in embarrassment, stand tongue-tied at the fringe of an unfamiliar group, or flush with humiliation if we suddenly become the unwelcome centre of attention. In 'Shrinking Violets', Joe Moran explores the hidden world of shyness, providing insights on everything from timidity in lemon sharks to the role of texting in Finnish love affairs.
Management writers have come up with many tools for explaining how different types of personalities can work best together. But they have ignored the most important personality difference of all - the difference between introverts and extroverts. This book is the first book to fill that gap and to help you build strong relationships at work.
The Perks of Being a Wallflower
While both positive and negative peer interactions have long been a focus of scientific interest, much less attention has been given to children who tend to refrain from interacting with others. What are the causes of shyness and social withdrawal? How do they affect development? Do solitary preschoolers grow up to be anxious adolescents? Addressing these and other critical questions, this volume brings together leading experts to present the latest ideas, findings, and applications in this growing area of research.
Cleft lip and palate in adolescence : identifying variables relating to psychosocial concerns
The awakened introvert : Practical mindfulness skills to help you maximize your strengths & thrive in a loud & crazy world
The power of personality : how introverts and extroverts can combine to amazing effect
Quiet power : growing up as an introvert in a world that can't stop talking
Introverts at Ease : An Insider's Guide to a Great Life on Your Terms
The autistic spectrum : a guide for parents and professionals
Quiet : the power of introverts in a world that can't stop talking
The experience of introversion : an integration of phenomenological, empirical, and Jungian approaches
The Introvert's Way : Living a Quiet Life in a Noisy World
The misadventures of awkward black girl
