http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13580 library catalogues
library catalogues
Greek civilization through the eyes of travellers and scholars : from the collection of Dimitris Contominas
Subject catalog of the library
Illustrated palmleaf manuscripts of Orissa : a selection from the Orissa State Museum
Catalogue of medieval manuscript fragments in the Helsinki University Library : Fragmenta membranea. 4:1, Antiphonaria : text
Liszt Ferenc hagyatéka a budapesti Zeneművészeti Főiskolán = Franz Liszt's estate at the Budapest Academy of Music. 2, Zeneművek = Music
Libri rari et cari : Museoviraston vanhan kirjallisuuden kokoelmaluettelo = Katalog över Museiverkets samling av gamla litteratur = Catalogue of the collection of antiquarian litterature of the National Board of Antiquities
A guide to published library catalogs
Italian 17th-century books in Cambridge libraries : a short-title catalogue
British and Irish library resources : a bibliographical guide
Fifty years of information progress : a journal of documentation review
Catalogue of books printed in the German-speaking countries and of German books printed in other countries from 1601 to 1700 now in the British Library
Subject index of modern books acquired 1971-1975
Luettelo SKS:n kirjaston etnologisen osaston bibliografioista = A catalogue of bibliographies in the Ethnological Department of the Finnish Literature Society
Catalogue of the illuminated Byzantine manuscripts of the National Library of Greece. Vol. 3, Homilies of the church fathers and menologia 9th - 12th century
A history of non-printed science : a select catalogue of The Waller collection
The British Library general catalogue of printed books 1976 to 1982.
Private music collections : catalogs and cognate literature
Catalogue of the library of Thomas Jefferson. Vol. 2, Philosophy
Kyujanggak : rediscovering its history and culture
Subject catalog of the library. 3.  supplement
Lääketieteellisen keskuskirjaston kausijulkaisut = Medicinska centralbibliotekets periodica = Serials in the Central Medical Library
The library of James Sutherland : as purchased by the Faculty of Advocates, Edinburgh in 1705 and 1707
The British Library general catalogue of printed books 1986 to 1987.
For two centuries (1540-1740) the Sidney family of Penshurt Place, Kent, produced poets, courtiers, collectors, and at least one revolutionary. Increasingly aware of the cultural ideal of the learned nobleman and of libraries as representations of that ideal, the Sidneys amassed one of the largest gentry libraries in England of their period. This edition of their library catalogue provides a vivid portrait of the birth, growth, and eventual demise of the distinguished family's library collection. Comprised of nearly 5000 entries, the catalogue is presented with a full introduction describing the Sidneys' intellectual world and life, their reading and collecting, the women collectors of the family, and the dispersal of the library in 1743. The editors employ all the resources of contemporary bibliography, print and digital, to identify the titles in the catalogue, and where possible to locate the Sidneys' own copies still extant, as well as architectural analysis to identify and describe the library room at Penshurst, now lost to nineteenth-century renovations.
Software testing
Catalogue of the library of Thomas Jefferson. Vol. 5, Fine arts, addenda, indexes
Classified catalogue code with additional rules for dictionary catalogue code
Medieval manuscripts in British libraries. 5, Indexes and addenda
Responsible librarianship : library policies for unreliable systems
The Hannås collection : catalogue of a collection of Scandinavian dictionaries, grammars and linguistic literature : presented to the British Library by Torgrim Hannås
This piece of work is on the comparing the usability of the old and the new websites of our school - Turku University of Applied Science (Sepankatu library). The school uses two different tools to build the sites and each tool has both disadvantages and advantages respectively. These issues as well as others issues are inspected in this work and a conclusion are drawn from there in based on what is observed. A defined guide lines are followed to do the comparisons and they are presented here. There are many ways of doing usability testing of a piece of software product. In this work, the measurement is performed by means of inquiries and a bit of inspection is used. The measurement by testing is not performed at all since it is not feasible for this project. These measurement metrics are carried out with the involvement of many students in the school, through giving their opinions expressed on forms provided to them. These questionnaires are carefully crafted to involve quality attributes of software and at the same time will not take the time of the people filling it up. From the results obtained plus subjective opinion of the author, the conclusion is drawn. This document is divided as follows: chapter two looks at software, aspects of software, quality attributes of software, software quality metrics, and how to measure these metrics. Chapter three discusses one of quality attributes of software that is usability. This topic is picked and elaborated in this chapter since the project is based on this quality attribute of software and it is the fundamental. Chapter four discusses the websites of the school and inspections carried out on the two sites. Chapter five is dedicated to the evaluation of the websites and chapter six gives the conclusion based on the chapters four and five respectively.
The British Library general catalogue of printed books 1982 to 1985.
Subject catalog of the library. 2.  supplement
Estonian periodicals and books in Finnish libraries. Volume 2
The catalogue of the book collection of the Jesuit College in Braniewo held in the University library in Uppsala = Katalog księgozbioru Kolegium Jezuitów w Braniewie zachowanego w Bibliotece Uniwersyteckiej w Uppsali. Vol. 3, Indexes
The Library of the Sidneys of Penshurst Place circa 1665
A union list of periodicals relating to Finland [in arts subjects] in British libraries 1 : General arts, Archaeology, Ethnography, Folklore, Genealogy, Geography, History, Language, Law, Literature and War studies
Beyond the book : extending MARC for subject access
The Yudin Library Krasnoiarsk (Eastern Siberia)
Computerized library katalogs : their growth, cost, and utility
The Archive of the Sing-Akademie zu Berlin : catalogue = Das Archiv der Sing-Akademie zu Berlin : Katalog
Legal bibliography of European integration
A descriptive catalogue of the musical manuscript collection of the National Library of Greece : Byzantine chant and other music repertory recovered
Burmese manuscripts. Pt. 4, Catalogue numbers 736-900
Next-gen library catalogs
Kyujanggak and the cultural history of books
A catalogue of German reformation pamphlets (1516-1550) in libraries of Alsace. Part 2/1, Strasbourg A-K
A catalogue of German Reformation pamphlets (1516−1550) in libraries of France : and collective index for all catalogues of German Reformation pamphlets and Bibliotheca Lindesiana
Catalogue of the library of Thomas Jefferson. Vol. 1, History
The American civil rights movement : a guide to materials in the British Library
Catalogue of Scandinavian books in the British Library printed before 1801.. 2, Author and title catalogue R-Z. Title index. Index of printers and publishers. Place index of printers and publishers
Subject collections in European libraries : a directory and bibliographical guide = Spécialités des bibliothèques européennes : guide par matière et répertoire bibliographique = Sondersammlungen europäischer Bibliotheken : Sachführer und bibliographisches Verzeichnis
Catalogue of the library of Thomas Jefferson. Vol. 4, Philosophy, fine arts
Dated Greek manuscripts of the thirteenth and fourteenth centuries in the libraries of Great Britain
Making books work : a guide to the use of libraries
FAO library select catalogue of books : 1951-1958
Provenance evidence : thesaurus for use in rare book and special collections cataloguing
Centralinstitut for nordisk Asienforskning = Scandinavian institute of Asian studies : subject catalog of the library. 1, Supplement
Dial in 1992 : an annual guide to online public access catalogs
Medieval manuscripts in British libraries. 4, Paisley-York
Market research : a guide to the British Library collections
Early prints : the print collection of the Royal Library of Belgium
CATALOGUS INCUNABULORUM BIBLIOTHECAE TELEKI-BOLYAI = CATALOGUL INCUNABULELOR DIN BIBLIOTECA TELEKI-BOLYAI
Short-title catalogue of Hungarian books printed before 1851 in the British Library
The birth of the European press : as reflected in the newspaper collection of the Royal Library : an exhibition catalogue
NIAS library : preliminary lists
Bibliothecae apostolicae Vaticanae incunabola. Volume 4, Index of printers, concordances, bibliography
Private libraries in Renaissance England : a collection and catalogue of Tudor and early Stuart book-lists
Documenting the early modern book world : inventories and catalogues in manuscript and print
Itämerta käsittelevää kirjallisuutta Sotatieteellisessä keskuskirjastossa = litteratur om Östersjön i Krigsvetenskapliga centralbiblioteket = Literature on teh Baltic Sea in the Central library of military research
The birth of the European press : an reflected in the newspaper collection of the Royal Library : an exhibition catalogue
Latvialaisten sanomalehtien mikrofilmit = Microfilms of Latvian newspapers
Catalogue of manuscript music in the British Museum
CIRECTORY OF MUSIC LIBRARIES IN FINLAND=SUOMALAIS
Suomen sanomalehtien mikrofilmit = Mikrofilmade tidningar i Finland = Microfilmed newspapers of Finland. 3, Vuosina 1976-1980 mikrokuvatut sanomalehdet = Tidningar mikrofilmade mellan åren 1976-1980 = Newspapers microfilmed in the years 1976-1980
Catalogue of Scandinavian books in the British Library printed before 1801.. 3, Subject index. Provenance index
Catalog of offprints and pamphlets. 1977
Cumulative list of periodicals. 1985
Online public access catalogs : the user interface
Indic manuscripts and Chinese blockprints : (non-Chinese texts) of the Oriental collection of the Australian National University Library
International study of copyright of bibliographic records in machine-readable form : a report prepared for the International Federation of Library Associations and Institutions
The catalogue of the book collection of the Jesuit College in Braniewo held in the University library in Uppsala = Katalog księgozbioru Kolegium Jezuitów w Braniewie zachowanego w Bibliotece Uniwersyteckiej w Uppsali. Vol. 1, Introduction. Manuscripts. Incunabula
Authors and titles : an analytical study of the author concept in codes of cataloguing rules in the English language, from that of the British Museum in 1841 to the Anglo-American Cataloguing rules 1967.
Le fonds Lapponica des Fellman : catalogue raisonné = Fellmanin suvun Lapponica-kokoelma = The Lapponica Collection of the Fellman Family
The British Library general catalogue of printed books 1988 to 1989.
With the Archive of the Sing-Akademie zu Berlin Catalogue a complete catalogue of the music archive of the Sing-Akademie zu Berlin is now available for the first time since the archive, which disappeared during World War II, was rediscovered in 1999. Since 2001 the more than 260,000 pages of music manuscripts, copies and first prints (from 17th to early 19th cent.) were revised by two musicologists which compiled an index of shelf marks and an index of composers. Thus detailed searches in the holdings of the archive (which were filmed since 2002 in severeal parts on microfiche at K. G. Saur) are possible for the first time. The Catalogue lists 9,735 works of 1,008 different composers. It provides also a concordance signature - microfiche and therefore serves as a cumulated guide to the microfiche editions, all the more the registers have been revised and improved. The unique collection is introduced by a number of articles by musicologists Axel Fischer, Christoph Henzel, Klaus Hortschansky, Matthias Kornemann, Ulrich Leisinger, Mary Oleskiewicz, Ralph-J. Reipsch, and Tobias Schwinger.
Russian bibliographies : Bibliographies and books on librarianship printed in Russian characters in the Helsinki university library
A short-title catalogue of eighteenth century Spanish books in The British Library. 1, Catalogue A-L, vol. 2: Catalogue M-Z, vol. 3: Indexes
Suomen sanomalehtien mikrofilmit = Mikrofilmade tidningar i Finland = Microfilmed newspapers of Finland. 2, Vuosina 1971-1975 mikrokuvatut lehdet = Tidningar mikrofilmade mellan åren 1971-1975 = Newpapers microfilmed in the years 1971-1975
The James M. Gwin poultry collection : a register of his papers in the National Agricultural Library
Kalaallit Nunaat : Grönlanti-kokoelman luettelo = Kalaallit Nunaat pillugu atuagaatinut qinerlerfissiaq = katalog över den grönländska samlingen = catalogue of Greenland collection
Bibliothecae apostolicae Vaticanae incunabola. Volume 3, P-Z
Bibliographic information organization in the Semantic Web
Estonian periodicals and books in Finnish libraries. [1]
Catalogue of the library of Thomas Jefferson. Vol. 3, Philosophy
General catalogue of printed books. Additions
Enhancing access to information : designing catalogs for the 21st century
Summary.
Centralinstitut for nordisk Asienforskning = Scandinavian institute of Asian studies : subject catalog of the library. 3, Supplement
Sami literature on the world wide web : a joint project between the libraries of Northern Scandinavia and the Barents region
Suomen sanomalehtien mikrofilmit = Mikrofilmade tidningar i Finland = Microfilmed newspapers of Finland. 4 : vuosina 1981-1984 mikrofilmatut sanomalehdet = tidningar mikrofilmade mellan åren 1981-1984 = newspapers microfilmed 1981-1984
Dover Priory
The catalogue of the book collection of the Jesuit College in Braniewo held in the University library in Uppsala = Katalog księgozbioru Kolegium Jezuitów w Braniewie zachowanego w Bibliotece Uniwersyteckiej w Uppsali. Vol. 2, The 16th and 17th Century books
Latin manuscript books before 1600.. Ergänzungsband 2006
A catalogue of German reformation pamphlets (1516-1550) in libraries of Belgium and The Netherlands
Library catalogue of the International Division Waseda University. Vol. 2, 1972-1981
Catalogue of Scandinavian books in the British Library printed before 1801.
Subject catalog of the Library. 2. supplement
Dynamism and stability in knowledge organization : proceedings of the sixth International ISKO Conference, 10-13 July 2000, Toronto, Canada
Today's Web-savvy users often bypass traditional library catalogs for more interactive, tech-friendly interfaces. Help your library stand out within the crowded landscape of information providers with Marshall Breeding's new, highly practical guide to interactive next-generation library catalogs. Learn how to give your users access to a wide selection of print and electronic content with this jargon-free, step-by-step guide. Breeding outlines the important functions and features of next-gen catalogs, briefs you on all of the available commercial and open source software, and helps you select which products are right for your library's next-gen catalog. You'll learn to lay the groundwork for practical implementation, integrate the catalog into your existing technological environment, address a multitude of common implementation issues and concerns, and assess the impact of your Catalog so you can demonstrate the change you led. There is a thorough glossary with definitions for all key terms, and as with all the Tech Set guides, material is presented in a manner that is both accessible to non-technical professionals and useful for systems librarians.
Subject control in online catalogs
A catalogue of German reformation pamphlets (1516-1550) in libraries of Alsace. Part 1, Colmar
