http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13526 becoming individualised
becoming individualised
Contested individualization : debates about contemporary personhood
Individualization and the delivery of welfare services : contestation and complexity
"Paradoxes of Individualization" addresses one of the most hotly debated issues in contemporary sociology: whether a process of individualization is liberating selves from society so as to make them the authors of their personal biographies. The book adopts a cultural-sociological approach that firmly rejects such a notion of individualization as naive. The process is instead conceptualized as an increasing social significance of moral notions of individual liberty, personal authenticity and cultural tolerance, which informs two paradoxes. Firstly, chapters about consumer behavior, computer gaming, new age spirituality and right-wing extremism demonstrate that this individualism entails a new, yet often unacknowledged, form of social control. The second paradox, addressed in chapters about religious, cultural and political conflict, is concerned with the fact that it is precisely individualism's increased social significance that has made it morally and politically contested. "Paradoxes of Individualization" will therefore be of interest to scholars and students of cultural sociology, cultural anthropology, political science, and cultural, religious and media studies, and particularly to those with interests in social theory, culture, politics and religion.
Powers of horror : an essay on abjection
Bowling alone : the collapse and revival of American community
Deciphering culture : ordinary curiosities and subjective narratives
The religious and romantic origins of psychoanalysis : individuation and integration in post-Freudian theory
Risk and everyday life
Children and families in communities : theory, research, policy and practice
A critical commentary on Simondon's Psychic and collective individuation. This book clarifies Simondon's complex terminology and structure through chapter by chapter commentary. It also invites a dialogue with other thinkers/philosophers and places the work in its historical context. It includes a discussion about Simondon's relevance to current ideas about biopolitics and post-Nietzschean ethics.
The transcendent function : Jung's model of psychological growth through dialogue with the unconscious
Everyday religion : observing modern religious lives
Metaphysics : the creation of hierarchy
Drinking control attempts and encouragement of alcohol use in couple relationship : a qualitative approach
In Northern Europe almost half of households consist of one person. Rates of living alone are lower in the Global South but the trend is still on the increase. Prevalent first among the elderly, living alone then becomes common at ages associated with partners and children. Fears about the end of family and community combine with stereotypes, the 'sad and lonely' or 'selfish singles', in popular depictions. This groundbreaking and highly original study brings evidence to the core debates about contemporary social change in the context of globalization, exploring individualization and social connection, the future of family formation, consumption and identities, the relevance of place - rural or urban - in mobile worlds, sexuality, belonging and 'community', living arrangements and sustainability. This book presents a systematic sociological analysis of the growing trend of solo living across the globe, while also drawing on the voices of working-age men and women living in urban and rural areas in the UK.
Emerging systems of work and welfare
Sticking together or falling apart? : solidarity in an era of individualization and globalization
Gilbert Simondon's 'Psychic and Collective Individuation' : a critical introduction and guide
The individualized society
At home : a short history of private life
Towards a dynamic role conception of liaison interpreters : an ethnographic study of self-descriptions of practising liaison interpreters in Estonia
Living alone : globalization, identity, and belonging
Trust in a complex world : rebuilding community
Becoming an adult : living conditions and attitudes among Swedish youth
Paradoxes of individualization : social control and social conflict in contemporary modernity
Childhood and children's culture : edited by Flemming Mouritsen and Jens Qvortrup
Displacement of social policies
Conversations with Ulrich Beck
The queer child, or growing sideways in the twentieth century
Early childhood development and its variations : by Kristine L. Slentz and Suzanne L. Krogh
Becoming valuable selves : self-promotion, gender and individuality in late capitalism
Choosing a self : young women and the individualization of identity
Theoria, praxis, poiesis : individualization as the constitution of sociality
The role of religion in modern societies
Kristeva is one of the leading voices in contemporary French criticism, on a par with such names as Genette, Foucault, Greimas and others. Powers of Horror is an excellent introduction to an aspect of contemporary French literature which has been allowed to become somewhat neglected in the current emphasis on para-philosophical modes of discourse. The sections on Céline, for example, are indispensable reading for those interested in this writer and place him within a context that is both illuminating and of general interest.
Individualization : institutionalized individualism and its social and political consequences
The individual and society : a cultural integration
Atomised generation
