http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13591 C#
C#
Pro WPF 4.5 in C# : Windows Presentation Foundation with .NET 4.5
Beginning ASP.NET 4 : in C# and VB
An introduction to real-time systems : from design to multitasking with C/C++
Beginning ASP.NET e-commerce in C#
'Crisis' is the defining word for our times and it likewise played a key role in defining the scope of government during the Roman Republic. This book is a comprehensive analysis of key incidents in the history of the Republic that can be characterized as crises, and the institutional response mechanisms that were employed by the governing apparatus to resolve them. Concentrating on military and other violent threats to the stability of the governing system, this book highlights both the strengths and weaknesses of the institutional framework that the Romans created. Looking at key historical moments, Gregory K. Golden considers how the Romans defined a crisis and what measures were taken to combat them, including declaring a state of emergency, suspending all non-war-related business, and instituting an emergency military draft, as well as resorting to rule by dictator in the early Republic.
Junior football club's financing in Finland : case: Mikkelin Kissat C-Junior
C++ templates and tools
C++ : I/O streams, containers, and standard classes
Automated diagnostics of electronic systems
Objective-C
To speakers of modern Greek the Homeric poems of the 7th century BC are not written in a foreign language. The Greek language has enjoyed a continuous tradition from earliest times until now. This book traces its history from the immediately post-classical or Hellenistic period to the present day. The aim is both to analyse the changing structure of a language stabilised by a peculiarly long and continuous literary tradition, and to show how changing historical circumstances are reflected in its development. In particular the historical roots of modern Greek's internal bilingualism are traced.
Programming C# 3.0
Data structures via C++ : objects and evolution
Behind the veil of familiarity : C. S. Lewis (1898-1998)
Integrating and Transferring Legacy code to .NET / MONO Environment on Multiple Platforms.
An introduction to continuum mechanics : -after Truesdell and Noll
Software development for RFIC testing
Human C-reactive protein : genetic and hormonal regulation and role in atherogenesis
Microsoft C : programming for the IBM
QCloud-API for synchronous and asynchronous file transfer in Qt
Problem Sovling with C++ : The Object of Programming
Codecharts  : roadmaps and blueprints for object-oriented programs
Application Development in Symbian C++ and Qt
Abstract: HyperNotifier.
Borland C++ language reference, version 5. Vol. 1.
Learn Microsoft Visual C++ 6.0 now
Implementation of synchronous action systems
Inheritance and other main principles of C++ and other object-oriented languages
Introducing Visual C# 2010
Programming .NET 3.5
Microsoft visual C# 2005 : express edition : Build a program now!
C# 2008 and .NET programming for engineers
C# game programming : for serious game creation
Borland C++ user's guide : version 5.
Professional functional programming in C# : classic programming techniques for modern projects
ASP.NET 3.5 enterprise application development with Visual Studio® 2008 : problem - design - solution
Data structures : a pseudocode approach with C++
Operator Algebras in Dynamical Systems
Regular expressions cookbook
SAMS Teach Yourself C++ in 24 Hours
Finvoice Generating : A Dynamic-link library generating Finvoice XML documents
The C puzzle book
Extended STL. Volume 1, Collections and iterators
Pragmatic unit testing : in C# with NUnit
Beginning iPadTM Application Development
Programming C# 4.0
Universal multimedia framework for online videoconferencing : Radical Chat
C++ for scientists, engineers and mathematicians
Sams teach yourself Visual C# 2008 in 24 hours : complete starter kit
The Republic in danger : Drusus Libo and the succession of Tiberius
Abstract: Aspect oriented data management in Autodesk AutoCAD with Microsoft .NET.
HIV/AIDS treatment and care : clinical protocols for the WHO European Region
Exploring a national practicebased register for the management of rheumatoid arthritis
Overview to software testing and how to use swing in unit testing
The Design of Temperature and Humidity Chamber Monitor and Controller
Improving automated testing of S40 software
Aslan in the Chronicles of Narnia as a representative of the Judeo-Christian God
Practical C programming
"This volume investigates Deuteronomy's subversive intent within its social context, and reconsiders the relationship between Deuteronomy and Assyria, its relationship to ancient Near Eastern and biblical treaty and loyalty oath traditions, and the relevance of its treaty affinities to discussions of its date"--
Algorithms and data structures in C++
Visual C# 2010 recipes : a problem-solution approach
Uhlenbeck's Eskimo-Indoeuropean hypothesis : a critical revision
I was here
Learning C++
Beginning ASP.NET 2.0 in C# 2005 : from novice to professional
C# 3.0 unleashed : with the .NET framework
Sams teach yourself the C# language in 21 days
STL tutorial and reference guide : C++ programming with the Standard Template Library
AutoCAD programming in C/C++
Development of an Interactive 3-D Virtual Environment Test Bed For Motorbikes
Exceptional C++ style : 40 new engineering puzzles, programming problems and solutions
Beginning ASP.NET 3.5 : in C# and VB
Aspect oriented data management in Autodesk AutoCAD with Microsoft .NET
Tester for battery interface master
Beginning C# object-oriented programming
Learning C# 3.0
ML-style tuple assignment in standard C++ : extending the multiple return value formalism
Political memory in and after the Persian Empire
Teach yourself Borland C++ 4.5 in 21 days
Tree-limit and climate evolution at the southern extremity of the Swedish Scandes have been reconstructed for the entire Holocene and for the past century. The main objective was to test the reproducibility of a similar study further north in the Swedish Scandes. The long-term history relies mainly on radiocarbondated megafossil tree remains preserved in peat and mineral soil. The more recent perspective was analysed from age distributions in the most marginal, extant tree populations. Pinus sylvestris (pine) immigrated to the study region already during the Late-Glacial, 10,500 14C yr BP, when it grew in the summit areas of fi rst deglaciated mountains. The pine tree-limit peaked ca. 9200 14C yr BP, followed by a 345 m gradual descent (summer cooling + land uplift) until about a century ago. Presence of tree species assemblages without modern analogs at high elevations during the early-Holocene, Pinus sylvestris (dominant), Betula pubescens ssp. tortuosa, Picea abies, Larix sibirica, Quercus robur and Corylus avellana, strengthens the view of a warm and dry summer climate, although with a different seasonal distribution of incoming radiant energy than today. The longterm natural trend of tree-limit retreat and summer cooling was anomalously broken about a century ago. During the 20th century, the pine tree-limit has shifted 140 m uphill, in congruence with instrumentally recorded summer warming by ca. 1 &ordm;C. In a perspective of the entire Holocene tree-limit chronology, the modern tree-limit rise (and climate warming) is anomalous for the past 4000-7000 years. Except for tree-limit rise, recent warming has contributed to changes in the alpine plant cover, e.g. vanishing snow-bed communities, expansion of deciduous dwarf-shrubs, graminoids, and invasion of exotic and thermophilic plant species. Overall, this study has reproduced processes and patterns previously reported further north in the Scandes.
Starting out with C++ : early objects
The vitamin C connection
Coating process monitoring using computer vision
The subject of this thesis was to produce a plug-in for the Unity engine that generates three dimensional planetary terrain models suitable to be used in game development. The plug-in has three main parts: a node editor tool within Unity editor that enables visual design of noise functions to be used on the surface, a robust code for generating 3D models during runtime and a dynamic level of detail system. This thesis details the techniques used and the results of the project. The work was based on previous knowledge learned during creating a similar application using Java. The work was implemented using the Unity engine with C# programming language in MonoDevelop development environment. The work resulted in a working plug-in that was released in the Unity Asset Store.
Beginning Windows 8 Data Development : Using C# and Javascript
C++ : Pocket Reference
Murach's C# : .net developer's guide
Talking politics
Uveal melanoma and macular degeneration : molecular biology and potential therapeutic applications
Monitoring Open Order Backlog in SAP R/3
C# in a nutshell : a desktop quick reference
Rewiring ret : PTB-adaptor regulated signaling and cell biology
Building enterprise applications with Windows Presentation Foundation and the Model View ViewModel Pattern
Stephens' C# programming with Visual Studio 2010 24-hour trainer
Murach's C# 2010 / Joel Murach
Christian elements in the theme of good and evil in C. S. Lewis's That hideous strength
Expert C# 5.0 with .NET 4.5 framework
Real-world functional programming : with examples in F# and C#
Essential C# 3.0 : for .NET Framework 3.5
C++ cookbook
This book is concerned with the theory of unbounded derivations in C*-algebras, a subject whose study was motivated by questions in quantum physics and statistical mechanics, and to which the author has made a considerable contribution. This is an active area of research, and one of the most ambitious aims of the theory is to develop quantum statistical mechanics within the framework of the C*-theory. The presentation, which is based on lectures given in Newcastle upon Tyne and Copenhagen, concentrates on topics involving quantum statistical mechanics and differentiations on manifolds. One of the goals is to formulate the absence theorem of phase transitions in its most general form within the C* setting. For the first time, he globally constructs, within that setting, derivations for a fairly wide class of interacting models, and presents a new axiomatic treatment of the construction of time evolutions and KMS states.
Interaction of Baculovirus with the Surface of Mammalian Cells and Intracellular Changes during Transduction
Pro ASP.NET 3.5 in C# 2008 : includes Silverlight 2
Debugging C++ : troubleshooting for programmers
Tom Swan's mastering Borland C++5
Asclepiades, who advocated a therapy involving wine and passive exercise, devised a peculiar physical theory to explain all biological phenomena. None of his work survives intact, but copious ancient testimonies allow us to reconstruct many details of the theory.
Study of the psoriasis proteome and analysis of MHC class I expression and function
C# for students
System design with System C
Pro C# with .NET 3.0
Meeting on the coordination of cross-border activities in the framework of operation MECACAR : report on a WHO meeting, Ashgabat, Turkmenistan 26-27 July 2000.
C++ : the complete reference
An application using WCF
Procedural planet generation in game development
Applied C# in financial markets
The C# programming language
Windows forms programming in C#
Professional iPhone programming with MonoTouch and .NET/C#
Professional SharePoint(R) 2007 development
Designing components with the C++ STL : a new approach to programming
Computing consepts with C++ essentials
Myc oncoprotein-cofactor interactions : function, regulation and targeting
Abstract: Universal multimedia framework for online videoconferencing : Radical Chat.
Tiivistelmä: An application using WCF.
"This new edition is updated with everything you need to integrate Silverlight 2.0 and SQL Server 2008 into your ASP.NET applications. You will learn about Silverlight's exciting new features so that your ASP projects can be rich in visual flair and compelling to the user"--Publisher's website.
Illustrated C#
Hilbert C*-modules are objects like Hilbert spaces, except that the inner product, instead of being complex valued, takes its values in a C*-algebra. The theory of these modules, together with their bounded and unbounded operators, is not only rich and attractive in its own right but forms an infrastructure for some of the most important research topics in operator algebras. This book is based on a series of lectures given by Professor Lance at a summer school at the University of Trondheim. It provides, for the first time, a clear and unified exposition of the main techniques and results in this area, including a substantial amount of new and unpublished material. It will be welcomed as an excellent resource for all graduate students and researchers working in operator algebras.
Mastering SFML game development : create complex and visually stunning games using all the advanced features available in SFML development
More exceptional C++ : 40 new engineering puzzles, programming problems, and solutions
Learn Visual C++ now
Effective STL : 50 specific ways to improve your use of the standard template library
Windows C++ coding convention
Problem solving, abstraction, and design using C++
Standard C++ bible
Borland C++ : library reference
C# 2008 programmer's reference
Surprised by joy
Are Criminal Justice Studies and Criminology in the Business of Producing Idiots?
C++ : the core language
The lost theory of Asclepiades of Bithynia
Finvoice generating : a dynamic-link library generating Finvoice XML documents
C# 2008 : programmer's reference
Technical C programming
Tree-limit landscape evolution at the southern fringe of the Swedish Scandes (Dalarna province) - Holocene and 20th century perspectives
Development of a therapeutic vaccine against the hepatitis C virus
The volume proposes a new model for understanding the end of Augustus' reign and the succession of Tiberius in the years 6 BC to AD 16. Focusing on Drusus Libo's role in an alliance between the enemies of Tiberius, Pettinger offers a comprehensive analysis of the struggle between Tiberius and the supporters of Augustus' grandsons.
Crisis Management during the Roman Republic : The Role of Political Institutions in Emergencies
Success with C++
Morphological, nutraceutical and sensorial properties of cultivated Fragaria vesca L. berries: influence of genotype, plant age, fertilization treatment on the overall fruit quality
Build your own ASP.NET 3.5 web site using C# & VB
Do-it-yourself Microsoft C/C++ 7
Hilbert C*-Modules : A Toolkit for Operator Algebraists
Thucydides, Pericles, and the Idea of Athens in the Peloponnesian War
Medieval and Modern Greek
Using Borland C++ 5
Professional ASP.NET 3.5 SP1 edition : in C♯ and VB
Sams teach yourself C# in 21 days
Israel and the Assyrians : Deuteronomy, the succession treaty of Esarhaddon, and the nature of subversion
Catalog of type specimens of recent Crocodilia and Testudines in the National Museum of Natural History, Smithsonian Institution
Smart syntax highlighting for dynamically typed languages : Case: Common Lisp in Emacs
Unity 3.x game development essentials : game development with C# and Javascript : build fully functional, professional 3D games with realistic environments, sound, dynamic effects, and more!
The Lambda Library : Lambda abstraction in C++
C# cookbook
Working with data and databases in C# certainly can be daunting if you're coming from VB6, VBA, or Access. With this hands-on guide, you'll shorten the learning curve considerably as you master accessing, adding, updating, and deleting data with C#-basic skills you need if you intend to program with this language.  No previous knowledge of C# is necessary. By following the examples in this book, you'll learn how to tackle several database tasks in C#, such as working with SQL Server, building data entry forms, and using data in a web service. The book's code samples will help you get started on your own projects.
Tester for Battery Interface Master
Applications programming in ANSI C
Précis ou abrégé des voyages, travaux, et recherches de C. S. Rafinesque (1833) : the original version of A life of travels (1836)
Borland C++ 4.x tips, tricks and traps
Introduction to Windows Azure : an introduction to cloud computing using Microsoft Windows Azure
Genetic and immunological studies of experimental arthritis, with emphasis on a novel C-type lectin receptor gene complex
The Ovidian Heroine as Author : Reading, Writing, and Community in the Heroides
Visual C# 2012 : how to program
Chlamydia pneumoniae infection, inflammation and heat shock protein 60 immunity in asthma and coronary heart disease
Molecular epidemiology of Hepatitis A, B and C in Estonia
Learning C# by developing games with Unity 3D : learn the fundamentals of C# to create scripts for your GameObjects
Thinking in C++. Vol. 2, Practical programming
Pro .NET 2.0 Windows Forms and custom controls in C#
Thucydides, Pericles, and the Idea of Athens in the Peloponnesian War is the first comprehensive study of Thucydides' presentation of Pericles' radical redefinition of the city of Athens during the Peloponnesian War. Martha Taylor argues that Thucydides subtly critiques Pericles' vision of Athens as a city divorced from the territory of Attica and focused, instead, on the sea and the empire. Thucydides shows that Pericles' reconceputalization of the city led the Athenians both to Melos and to Sicily. Toward the end of his work, Thucydides demonstrates that flexible thinking about the city exacerbated the Athenians' civil war. Providing a thorough critique and analysis of Thucydides' neglected book 8, Taylor shows that Thucydides praises political compromise centered around the traditional city in Attica. In doing so, he implicitly censures both Pericles and the Athenian imperial project itself.
This book represents a new departure in science studies: an analysis of a scientific style of writing, situating it within the context of the contemporary style of literature. Its philosophical significance is that it provides a novel way of making sense of the notion of a scientific style. For the first time, the Hellenistic mathematical corpus - one of the most substantial extant for the period - is placed centre-stage in the discussion of Hellenistic culture as a whole. Professor Netz argues that Hellenistic mathematical writings adopt a narrative strategy based on surprise, a compositional form based on a mosaic of apparently unrelated elements, and a carnivalesque profusion of detail. He further investigates how such stylistic preferences derive from, and throw light on, the style of Hellenistic poetry. This important book will be welcomed by all scholars of Hellenistic civilization as well as historians of ancient science and Western mathematics.
Molecular mechanisms of growth suppression by pharmacologically activated p53
C# 4.0 pocket reference
HyperNotifier
C programming for the absolute beginner
'Carl Gustav Jung' is an insightful and accessible guide to the life and work of one of the founding fathers of psychotherapy and the most influential thinkers in modern times. Previous publications by Ann Casement include Post-Jungians Today.
Programming in the Key of C# : a primer for aspiring programmers
Spalding's official athletic almanac for 1905 : special Olympic number : containing the official report of the Olympic Games of 1904
Beyond the C++ standard library : an introduction to Boost
Food habits and related biomarkers in Pitkäranta, Russia, and North Karelia, Finland : trends and educational differences, 1992-2007
Middleware for one-site information integration
Ludic Proof : Greek Mathematics and the Alexandrian Aesthetic
User interface of Raahe Museum
Beginning C# 2008 : from novice to professional
Object-Oriented Programming Using C++
The impact of bcl-2 family members on mast cell survival and apoptosis
Gene expression in rat brain : alterations by antipsychotic drugs
Professional parallel programming with C#  : master parallel extensions with .Net 4
Microsoft.NET and SAP
C# Black book
The passing of Protestant England
"The book is about a visual language for creating blueprints and maps of programs: Codecharts. It is written for practitioners who wish to cut the costs of software development with Java, C++, C# and other dominant programming languages. To be most effective, Codecharts are presented in a visually attractive form that is accessible to professionals and students alike: One or more sample charts appear on every page of the book, modeling programs that every programmer is familiar with"--
Visual C# 2008 : how to program
The C++ programming language
Abstract: The smartphone business landscape has shifted considerably ever since the introduction of the iPhone in 2007. The ensuing years have seen Nokia, the world leader in the smart-phone industry at the time, loose grip on market share. Consequently, Nokia has set a new road map to revamp the Symbian operating system and regain lost market shares. The road map is headlined by two important entries: the adoption of the Qt framework and partnership with Microsoft on Windows Phone 7. This thesis is concerned with the adoption of the Qt framework into the Nokia smartphone family. More precisely, the thesis discusses how the programming paradigms of Qt differ from the archaically well-established Symbian operating system. The architectural differences of Qt and Symbian OS have been thoroughly examined using code snippets as supplement to demonstrate implementations. The findings of this thesis show that not only does Qt make the life of a developer much easier than traditional Symbian OS, but also, and more importantly, Qt delivers industry standard user interfaces and fluid user interactions at par with the competition.
Applications = code + markup : a guide to the Microsoft Windows presentation foundation
Pro dynamic .NET 4.0 applications : data-driven programming for the .NET framework
Beginning C# 2008 Objects
Presenting C#
This thesis was commissioned by Nokia Networks as a part of a wider ongoing quality project. The main objective for this thesis and the quality project was to improve diagnostic accuracy on a certain base station product by targeting the most misdiagnosed faults and to reduce unnecessary component replacement. To achieve the objective, an early version of an automated diagnostic tool was developed. The tool was developed using Microsoft Visual Studio and C# programming language. The tool uses diagnostic databases to hold diagnostic information. The diagnostic databases were implemented using XML (Extensible Markup Language). The diagnostic databases implement fault models and rule based diagnostics to troubleshoot target products. Two pilot programs were launched in order to verify the functionality of the tool and measure improvements on diagnostic accuracy. The results of the pilots were encouraging; the rate of failed diagnoses decreased by 88%. The success of the pilot programs and the ease of use of the tool sparked interest to it, and it was decided to be taken into global use in system module repair of Nokia Networks base stations. Further development is, however, still needed to extend the coverage of the tool and to add new features.
Refactoring with Microsoft Visual Studio 2010 : evolve your software system to support new and ever-changing requirements by updating your C# code base with patterns and principles
Multi-paradigm design for C++
Feminism and spiritual heroism in C. S. Lewis's The chronicles of Narnia
Pro ASP.NET MVC 3 framework
Functional programming in C# : classic programming techniques for modern projects
Adiponectin and low-grade inflammation in relation to preceding factors and the course of the metabolic syndrome : a gender-specific view
Signaling pathways in myocyte hypertrophy : role of GATA4, mitogen-activated protein kinases and protein kinase C
Identifying human epithelial architecture genes with tumour suppressor functions
Sams teach yourself C# 5.0 in 24 hours
Phyton : annales rei botanicae
Compile time sparse vectors in C++
Sucrose, glucose, fructose, citric, malic, ascorbic (AA) and dehydroascorbic (DHAA) acids, total polyphenols (TP), radical scavenging activity (RSA), physicochemical and sensorial properties were determined on F. vesca Alpine (ALP) and Regina delle Valli (RDV) berries in relation to plant age and fertilisation treatment (Effective Microorganism Technology, EMT vs. traditional fertilization, TFT). ALP berries had a sum of AA and DHAA about 20% lower and TPs about 30% higher than RDV. Plant age affected most physicochemical parameters, sugars and organic acids, as well as sensorial appreciation, being them generally higher in berries produced in the second year. TPs were not affected by plant age. EMT produced an increase of 50%, 70% and 20% for TP, organic acids and RSA, respectively. Although changes in berry quality are expected with plant age, EMT cultivation of ALP should be preferred to the growth of RDV under TFT, to obtain fruits more valuable from the nutraceutical viewpoint.
Beginning C# 2005 databases : from novice to professional
Professional test driven development with C# : developing real-world applications with TDD
Neural Network Programming : With the incorporation of a genetic evolution algorithm
Effects of Alzheimer's and Parkinson's disease gene mutation on cell signaling
Comparative Study of C, C++, C# and Java Programming Languages
A laboratory course in C++
Chinese Christ : the Christology of T. C. Chao
Innate and adaptive cellular immunity in chronic HCV and HIV-1 infection
Cosmeceuticals and cosmetic practice
The essentials of C++
Programming with Qt
C programming for Arduino : learn how to program and use Arduino boards with a series of engaging examples, illustrating each core concept / Julien Bayle
Head first C#
Microsoft Expression Blend 4 : step by step
Novel experimental targeted therapy in neuroblastoma
Bulding web application for Mahabad University graduate affairs
Compile time recursive objects in C++
Ovid's Heroides, a catalogue of letters by women who have been deserted, has too frequently been examined as merely a lament. In a new departure, this book portrays the women of the Heroides as a community of authors. Combining close readings of the texts and their mythological backgrounds with critical methods, the book argues that the points of similarity between the different letters of the Heroides, so often derided by modern critics, represent a brilliant exploitation of intratextuality, in which the Ovidian heroine self-consciously fashions herself as an alluding author influenced by what she has read within the Heroides. Far from being naive and impotent victims, therefore, the heroines are remarkably astute, if not always successful, at adapting textual strategies that they perceive as useful for attaining their own ends. With this new approach Professor Fulkerson shows that the Heroides articulate a fictional poetic, mirroring contemporary practices of poetic composition.
Borland C++ language reference, version 5. Vol. 2.
Aspect Oriented Data Management in Autodesk AutoCAD with Microsoft .Net
Essential C++ for engineers and scientists
C*-algebras of slowly oscillating functions, filters, and semigroup compactifications
Statin-induced cellular effects mediated by the P2X7 receptor
The christian story re-imagined : fantasy and biblical themes in C. S. Lewis's The cronicles of Narnia
Tuples and multiple return values in C++
Coating Process Monitoring Using Computer Vision
Microsoft Visual C++.NET step by step
Internet & world wide web : how to program
Application development in Symbian C++ and Qt
Build a program now! : Microsoft Visual C# 2008
C++ for programmers
User Interface of Raahe Museum
Epigraphy, philology, and the Hebrew Bible : methodological perspectives on philological and comparative study of the Hebrew Bible in honor of Jo Ann Hackett
The CERT C coding standard : 98 rules for developing safe, reliable, and secure systems
Practical .Net 2 and C# 2
Murach's C# 2005
More effective C# : 50 specific ways to improve your C#
Instant C++ programming
Web based error reporting management application
