http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13698 resettlement plots
resettlement plots
Tourism and recreation in rural areas
Suomen kartasto = Atlas över Finland = Atlas of Finland. 311, Julkinen hallinto
Skramle : the true story of a deserted medieval farmstead
Post war land clearance and pioneering activities in Finland
Bondehuse og vandmøller i Danmark gennem 2000 år = Farms and Water Mills in Denmark during 2000 Years
Space, time, and archaeological landscapes
Island pastures
Välijoki and Lisma: new planned settlements in Finnish Lapland
This volume aims to define the changing nature of lordship in Viking and early medieval Scandinavia. Advances in settlement archaeology and cultural geography have revealed new aspects of social power in Viking Age and early medieval Scandinavia. New sources and approaches allow us to question the traditional view that Scandinavian aristocrats developed from Viking raiders into Christian landlords. Seventeen thematic chapters by leading scholars survey and assess the state of research and provide a new baseline for interdisciplinary discussions. How were social ties structured? How did lordship and dependency materialize in modes of agriculture, settlement, landscape, and monuments? The book traces the power of tributary relations, forged through personal ties, gifts, duties, and feasting in great halls, and their gradual transformation into the feudal bonds of levies and land-rent.
Living on the land : change in forest cover in north-central Namibia 1943-1996
This paper studies the structural development of farms with more than one hectare of arable land in northern Finland and explores the reasons behind the development. The paper relies mainly on agricultural census information and farm register statistics, focusing on the period after World War II.Agricultural settlement expanded in northern Finland well into the mid- 1960s due to active policy measures. The period of extensive rural population was short-lived, however. A number of unfavourable factors emerged roughly simultaneously and the number of active farms declined from nearly 60,000 in the 1960s to about 10,000 in 2000. Finland's entry into the EU in the mid-1990s gave further impetus to the development toward fewer but larger farms.Today, active farms are several times as large as their predecessors 40-50 years ago. About 50 percent of all active farms in northern Finland are dairy farms, whose impact is considerably larger than their mere number would suggest.
The Early Iron Age in South Scandinavia : social order in settlement and landscape
Máttut - máddagat : the roots of Saami ethnicities, societies and spaces, places
Farms of northern Finland
Siting culture : the shifting anthropological object
On the prospects of farmers on so-called cold settlement farms in 1963
Space in prehistoric Bohemia
Changing second home landscape: a study in cultural geography.
The corrupting sea : a study of Mediterranean history
Settlement and lordship in Viking and early medieval Scandinavia
Space-time dependence in regional development : the geospatial approach to understanding the development processes in small-scale areas of Finland
Settlements, kinship and hunting grounds in traditional Greenland : a comparative study of local experiences from Upernavik and Ammassalik
Environment and human geography in Tver region, NW Russia and East Finland
The expansion and retreat of agricultural settlement in Northern Finland after World War II
Cultural landscapes of some former Finnish farm sites in the Paaz/Pasvik/Paatsjoki area of Pechenga, Russia
