http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13648 leishmaniasis
leishmaniasis
Trypanosomiasis and leishmaniasis : biology and control
Protozoan and metazoan carbonic anhydrases : potential target enzymes for anti-parasitic drug development
Dogs : biology, behavior, and health disorders
Synthesis and evaluation of antichlamydial, antileishmanial and antimalarial activity of benzimidazole and benzoxadiazole derivatives
An atlas of the clinical microbiology of infectious diseases. Volume ll, Viral, fungal & parasitic agents
Trypanosomiasis and Leishmaniasis with special reference to Chagas' disease
Synthesis of betulin derivatives with new bioactivities
Microbial pathogenesis : infection and immunity
Control of the leishmaniases : report of a meeting of the WHO Expert Committee on the control of leishmaniases, Geneva, 22-26 March 2010.
Biochemical roles of eukaryotic cell surface macromolecules : 2011 ISCSM Proceedings
Synthesis and in vitro evaluation of novel buparvaquone prodrugs for the treatment of leishmaniasis
"The book starts with dissecting mechanisms underlying viral immune evasion via exploiting the host complement system by vaccinia virus, and by modulating the type 1 interferon response by RNA viruses. Yet another chapter looks into how viroporins expressed by different families of viruses causing influenza A virus, SARS, hepatitis C and HIV interact with several cellular pathways. Understanding of these mechanisms can aid the development of novel potential anti‑viral targets. The chapter on tuberculosis discusses the emerging importance of the innate immune mechanisms against Mycobacterium tuberculosis infection and latency. This book has a strong focus on fungal pathogenesis and immunity, starting with virulence and host factors that attain great importance in candidiasis and associated escape tricks of seriously opportunistic fungi. Two chapters on Aspergillus fumigatus elaborate on the pathogenic mechanisms: first discussing A. fumigatus‑airway epithelium interaction, followed by fungal and host factors that are paramount in the development of allergic and invasive aspergillosis. In the subsequent chapter, there is a general discussion on the innate and adaptive immune responses against primary and opportunistic fungal pathogens." -- (Springer)
Principles and practice of clinical parasitology
Leishmaniosis in dogs and cats
