http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13689 chorales
chorales
388 vierstimmige Choralgesänge = 388 four-part chorales = 388 négyszolamu korál
A hymn for the world
Essays in musical analysis : concertos and choral works
Choral music of the church
Historical musicology : sources, methods, interpretations
Schola cantorum. 10.
Traditional hymns
Orgelwerke : Organ works. Band 8, Bearbeitungen fremder Werke = Arrangements of works by others composers
Earworms and other wonders : the first 300 years of the finnish hymnal
Bach : chorale, harmonization and instrumental counterpoint
The Methodist hymnal : official hymnal of the Methodist Episcopal Church and the Methodist Episcopal Church, South
Horizons : South African Choral Music I.
These studies, written by 19 scholars and musicians on the occasion of Ton Koopman's seventieth birthday, include essays on music, theology, and fine arts. To all who are familiar with the work of the dedicatee, it will come as no surprise that Bach and organ are keywords in this collection.
Fantasized chorales : text-driven aspect to Max Reger's work Drei Phantasien für Orgel, Op. 52
Lutheran Book of Worship : accompaniment edition : liturgy
J.S.Bach's great eighteen organ chorales
An expert system for harmonization of chorales in the style of J. S. Bach
Jesu joy of man's desiring = Iesu, drud ddifyrrwch dynion : from church cantata N:o 147
Rejoice in the lamb op 30 ; A Wedding Anthem (Amo ergo sum) op 46 ; Festival Te Deum op 32 ; A Boy was born op 3
Hymns of faith
The Lutheran hymnal
Schola Cantorum. 1
Chorales : Chorales 1-91
On yoolis night : Medieval carols & motets +nid
Schola cantorum. 11
Schola Cantorum. 4
Bach, the Orgelbüchlein
American hymns old and new
Cantate Domino : World's Student Christian Federation hymnal
Voices united : the hymn and worship book of the United Church of Canada
The organ music of J. S. Bach. 2, Works based on chorales (BWV 599-771 etc.)
Engaging Bach : the keyboard legacy from Marpurg to Mendelssohn
Schola Cantorum. 3
Schola cantorum. 10
Schola Cantorum. 5
Schola Cantorum. 6
The Methodist hymnal : official hymnal
Ylistaron kirkon urut = The organ of Ylistaro Church
Service book and hymnal of the Lutheran Church in America
Schola cantorum. 9
The quiet heart
Studies in baroque : Festschrift Ton Koopman
Schola cantorum. 12
Schola cantorum. 13
Sacred songs and solos : twelve hundred pieces
Collected works for organ and solo instrument
Schola cantorum. 12.
Schola Cantorum. 2
The hymnal and order of service
A history of liturgical books from the beginning to the thirteenth century
Complete book of Bach chorales
Choral music : a Norton Historical Anthology
