http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13618 centralisation
centralisation
Auschwitz : how many perished Jews, Poles, Gypsies ..
Strategy and structure : chapters in the history of the industrial enterprise
Branch libraries and discrete collections : a SPEC kit
Abstract.
Measurement of concentration : some notes
I never saw another butterfly : children's drawings and poems from Terezín concentration camp, 1942-1944
The management of international acquisitions
A study of the evolution of concentration in the sector of hoists, lifts ad conveyers and in the sector of office machinery for Belgium
Centripetal politics : government and the new centres of power
The technopolis plan in Japanese industrial policy
Patterns of administrative centralisation and decentralisation in the British goverment during 1979-1997
Regional elite group and the problem of territorial integration : the Finnish nobility and the formation of the Swedish "power state", c. 1570-1620
A study of the evolution of concentration and prices in the food distribution industry for the Republic of Ireland
Inside concentration camps : social life at the extremes
A study of the evolution of concentration in the beverages industry for the United Kingdom. 2, The distribution of alcoholic and soft drinks
A study of the evolution of concentration in the Irish food industry 1968-1973
A study of the evolution of concentration in the Danish food processing industry
Customer approach in the relocation of spare part warehouse
Jasenovac and the holocaust in Yugoslavia : analyses and survivor testimonies
Chełmno and the Holocaust : A History of Hitler's First Death Camp
A study of the evolution of concentration in the United Kingdom textile industry
Division of labour in administrative reform policy : decentralisation or centralisation?
The EEC telecommunications industry competition, concentration and competitiveness : the adhesion of Portugal and Spain
Fixed-mobile wireless networks convergence : technologies, solutions, services
Selected research problems in the geography of pilgrimages
Evolution of concentration and competition in the Danish newspaper and magazine sector
This way for the gas, ladies and gentlemen
During the Holocaus Jewish mothers and their children were treated by the Nazis not as non-combatants but as enemies posing a direct racial threat to the Reich. This paper will use the recent research into gender and the Holocaust and oral histories of mothers and daughters who survived the Holocaust to show how woment experienced and resisted that status as "enemies" of the Reich. And more to the theological point, this paper will explore how those mothers' suffering and resistance to their own and their children's suffering signals towards another model of convenantal relation between God and Israel where God's promise to Israel in Leviticus 26: "I will be ever in your midst; I will be your God, and you shall be My people" need no longer be figured in terms of loyality and obedience to the commandment of an overbearing Lord.
A study of the evolution of concentration in the Danish food distribution industry
The likely impact of deregulation on industrial structures and competition in the Community : final report
Treblinka : a survivor's memory 1942-1943
Organizing purchasing alliance, case: Cosec nordic
Photographic composition : a visual guide
A study of the evolution of concentration in the UK data processing industry with some international comparisons
Bloodlands : Europe between Hitler and Stalin
Man's search for meaning
The globalised business environment has forced companies to improve efficiency, cost effectiveness and transparency especially in their support functions, such as financial administration. The strategy in many multinational enterprises has been to standardize business processes internationally and to jointly provide a specialized service from a Center of Excellence (CoE) for the local units in different countries. Introducing uniform processes for countries that have their own characteristics in business environment is not an easy task. The objective of this study was to examine the post-implementation challenges that have arisen in centralizing finance processes to off shore Centers of Excellence, focusing on one case company, Oy International Business Machines Ab (IBM Finland). IBM is the world's largest technology and consulting employer, with clients from 170 countries. The company has been one of the forerunners on international operating models. This study gives examples on the transfer of IBM Finland's treasury function to an in-house Center of Excellence in Bratislava in autumn 2010. The transfer was a part of IBM's Finance Transformation strategy which leads the enterprise towards a centralized operating model. The theoretical part discusses the background, reasoning and evaluation for centralizations in large multinational enterprises as well as the future insights within the phenomenon according to recent research articles. The empirical data was collected using thematic interviews in the case company with the finance professionals both in Finland and in the Treasury Center of Excellence in Slovakia. The findings of the study indicate that centralization has both soft, people related challenges and challenges in the process itself. The new operating model requires a broader set of skills from the finance specialists. The special characteristics of processes in different countries lead to the continued obligations for the country units to assist in the function, which is a great challenge since in the global operating model, country units struggle for resources. It is essential to find a balance for resources in the CoE and the country units to ensure continuity of knowhow and the required quality of the service.
A study of the evolution of concentration in the Danish cement industry
A study of the evolution of concentration in the electrical appliances industry for the United Kingdom : electrical appliances primarily for domestic use : broadcast receiving and sound reproducing equipment
Enhancing finance processes centralization : the case of IBM Finland
Concentration, competition and competitiveness in the beverages industries of the European Community
Different ways to organize the processes of financial administration : a field study of medium-sized Finnish companies
A study of the evolution of concentration in the mechanical engineering sector for the United Kingdom
Commandant of Auschwitz : the autobiography of Rudolph Hoess
Adding value to vocational education and training providers through centralized development services : case: Omnia
Centralization and decentralization in economic policy
Recent trends of concentration in selected industries of the European Community, Japan, and the United States
Concentration and competition policy : report of the Committee of Experts on Restrictive Business Practices
Centralisation would streamline business
Centralization and power in social service delivery systems : the cases of England, Wales and the United States
Auschwitz, Poland, and the politics of commemoration, 1945-1979
Treblinka : a survivor's memory, 1942-1943
On a September day in Manhattan in 1939, twenty-something Caroline Ferriday is consumed by her efforts to secure the perfect boutonniere for an important French diplomat and resisting the romantic advances of a married actor. Meanwhile across the Atlantic, Kasia Kuzmerick, a Polish Catholic teenager, is nervously anticipating the changes that are sure to come since Germany has declared war on Poland. As tensions rise abroad - and in her personal life - Caroline's interest in aiding the war effort in France grows and she eventually comes to hear about the dire situation at the Ravensbruck all-female concentration camp. At the same time, Kasia's carefree youth is quickly slipping away, only to be replaced by a fervor for the Polish resistance movement. Through Ravensbruck - and the horrific atrocities taking place there told in part by an infamous German surgeon, Herta Oberheuser - the two women's lives will converge in unprecedented ways and a novel of redemption and hope emerges that is breathtaking in scope and depth.
Developing Kesko Group's recruitment processes or process models by using theory and benchmarking
A study of the evolution of concentration in the Irish classical records industry
A study of the evolution of concentration in the Dutch paper products industry
Economic institutions, markets and competition : centralization and decentralization in the transformation of economic systems
Through camps to Great Mother : nazi camps and temple sites
Housing solutions to aid refugee integration
Assymmetry and plurinationality in Spain
A study of the evolution of concentration in the Dutch beverages industry
A study of the evolution of concentration in the food distribution industry for the United Kingdom. 1, Industry structure and concentration
A study of the evolution of concentration in the pharmaceutical industry for the United Kingdom
A study of the evolution of concentration and prices in the food and beverages industries for Denmark
Auschwitz : nazi extermination camp
Lean and mean : the changing landscape of corporate power in the age of flexibility
Maximizing the buying volumes of company X
Operative treatment of ovarian cancer and borderline tumors in different hospital categories in Finland
Evaluating the centralization alternatives of manufacturing company's distribution network
Evolution of concentration in the soap and detergents industry for the United Kingdom
A study of the evolution of concentration in the press and general publishing industry in the United Kingdom
A study of the evolution of concentration in the pharmaceutical industry in the Netherlands
A study of the evolution of concentration in the food distribution industry for the United Kingdom. 2, Price surveys
Summary (s. i-v).
The death's head Chess Club
The thesis studies recruitment and centralised recruitment. The aim of the study is to investigate what type of recruitment process models or process model parts Kesko Group should apply and why. Kesko Group's Corporate HR is currently studying different recruitment model options in order to develop their recruitment model which at the moment is decentralised. Kesko Group's development need leans toward centralised recruitment but also decentralised processes and process models are being considered. The theoretical framework focuses on describing a recruitment process in general and concepts related to centralised recruitment, such as outsourcing, HR service centres and recruitment quality measures. The aspect of employer branding and its connection to recruitment are also discussed. Moreover, the study aims to take into consideration other research related to the field of recruitment, such as the influence of the economy on recruitment and recruitment difficulties in the service industry. The framework was built by studying human resource and recruitment literature and existing recruitment research. The empirical study was conducted in qualitative research by interviewing corporate recruitment managers at ISS Services and Itella Corporation. The interviews were face- to face interviews in which the interviewees answered open- ended questions sent to them before hand. The interview results indicated that both companies that, similar to Kesko Group, recruit mostly customer service personnel have some level of centralised recruitment. The conducted study supports Kesko Corporation's plans to develop Kesko Group's recruitment by centralising recruitment operations. Based on the research Kesko Corporation should consider implementing a centralised recruitment model or recruitment model parts managed by non outsourced recruitment consultants. This would support ensuring the acquirement of professional workforce in a cost efficient manner that would also support employer branding.
A study of the evolution of concentration in the food industry for the United Kingdom : product market structure
A study of the evolution of concentration in the beverages industry for the United Kingdom. 1, Industry structure and concentration, 1969-1974
The centralist tradition of Latin America
Improvement of indirect materials' purchasing centralization within business process service engagement : case: Company X
The kiss of the Shekhinah : narratives of human and divine motherhood in the Holocaust
The children's house of Belsen
Bibliography on holocaust literature
The next-to-final solution : a Belgian detention camp for Hitler refugees
European Union governance : challenges and opportunities
Centralizing procurement for modernization projects
Facing the extreme : moral life in the concentration camps
From the history of KL Auschwitz. Vol. 2.
A study of the evolution of concentration in the manufacture and supply of tyres, sparking plugs, and motor-vehicle accumulators for the United Kingdom : a report prepared for the Diroctcrate-General for Competition of the Commission of the European Communities
Terror was central to the Nazi regime, and the Nazi concentration camps were places of horror where prisoners were dehumanized and robbed of their dignity and where millions were murdered. How did prisoners cope with the brutal and degrading conditions of life within the camps? In this highly original book Maja Suderland takes the reader inside the concentration camps and examines the everyday social life of prisoners - their daily activities and routines, the social relationships and networks they created and the strategies they developed to cope with the harsh conditions and the brutality of the guards. Without overlooking the violence of the camps, the contradictions of camp life or the elusive complexity of the multicultural prisoner society, Suderland explores the hidden social practices that enabled prisoners to preserve their human dignity and create a sense of individuality and community despite the appalling circumstances. This remarkable account of social life in extreme conditions will be of great interest to students and scholars in history, sociology and the social sciences generally, as well as to a wider readership interested in the Holocaust and the concentration camps.
Social capital and market centralisation : a two-sector model
Prestudy of sales invoicing in Company BV
Ends and means : an enquiry into the nature of ideals and into the methods employed for their realization
A study of the evolution of concentration in the Irish publishing industry
The new centralism : Britain out of step in Europe?
Prague in danger : the years of German occupation, 1939-45 : memories and history, terror and resistance, theater and jazz, film and poetry, politics and war
The zookeeper's wife : a war story
Centralisation and decentralisation in England and France
Chil Rajchman, a Polish Jew, was twenty-eight years old when he was arrested in October 1942 and sent to Treblinka, a death camp where more than 750,000 Jews were murdered before it was abandoned by German soldiers. This is an unembellished and exact record of the raw horror he endured every day in the camp.
Centralization of subcontracting to specific suppliers - advantages & disadvantages
Triple play : building the converged network for IP, VoIP and IPTV
The Devil's workshop
The storyteller
Unchecked and unbalanced : how the discrepancy between knowledge and power caused the financial crisis and threatens democracy
Managing urban change. Vol. 2, The role of government
A study of the evolution of concentration in the Dutch press, magazines and schoolbooks publishing industries
Challenges of purchasing centralization : empirical evidence from public procurement
A study of the evolution of concentration in the United Kingdom mechanical engineering industry : concentration tables
Long waves of industrial concentration : the case of Finland
A man lies dreaming
Evolution of concentration in the United Kingdom cement industry : structure, conduct and performance
Stakeholders' perception towards change management of purchase invoice handling centralization
Community merger control law
