http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1366 rune singing
rune singing runo singing
Moment musical : Heikki Sarmannon lauluja Eino Leinon runoihin = Moment musical : new Finnish songs by Heikki Sarmanto to the poetry of the great Eino Leino ; [English setting by Aina Swan Cutler]
The parrot tico tango
English summaries.
To the last
Poetry into song : performance and analysis of lieder
Laulu inhimillisen kommunikaation muotona = Song as a form of human communication = Penie kak forma čelovečeskj kommunikacii : proceedings from the Runosong Academy Seminar, 23-25 March 2012
Taking the blues back home : poetry & music
Tunturilauluja : Fjällsångar = Fjeldlieder = Songs of the fells. Vihko I, op. 52
Lauluja Hermann Lönsin runoihin : Lieder nach Gedichte von / Songs to words by Hermann Löns. Vihko I
Acoustical neutralization in singing : A study of Baltic-Finnic runic tunes
Narrative singing in Ireland : lays, ballads, come-all-yes and other songs
As it is
This little piggy : 30 favourite songs and rhymes about animals on 1 CD
This little piggy :  30 favourite songs and rhymes about animals on 1 CD
Lieder um den Tod : op.62 : Gesang und KLavier / voice and piano : deutsch-englisch
Songs of the border people : genre, reflexivity, and performance in Karelian oral poetry
The wedding of Mustajbey's son Bećirbey : as performed by Halil Bajgorić
A runo song about killing a snake : origin and transformations
Linear musical thinking : a theory of musical thinking and the runic song tradition of Baltic-Finnish peoples
Kalevalaic and Karelian singing tradition
Words as events : Cretan mantinádes in performance and composition
The holy mountain : studies on Upper Altay oral poetry
Pens, swords, and the springs of art : the oral poetry dueling of Palestinian weddings in Galilee
An Lorg nam Bàrd = In the footsteps of the bards
Love and lamentation in Greek oral poetry
Six Celan songs : for low female voice and piano
Transformations of the Kalevala epic
Formulaicity in Jbala poetry
The last minstrels : Yeats and the revival of the bardic arts
Songs for the bride : wedding rites of rural India
Winter words : op. 52 : for high voice and piano
Inspired by tradition : Kalevala poetry in Finnish music
Leonard Cohen : poems and songs
Tunturilauluja : Fjällsångar = Fjeldlieder = Songs of the fells. Vihko III, Op. 54
Rune-singing, the musical vernacular
Songs of memory in islands of Southeast Asia
To the soul : Thomas Hampson sings the poetry of Walt Whitman
Oral poetry : an introduction
Burns : a study of the poems and songs
Extraordinary mode of singing by Finlanders
100 favourite nursery rhymes and songs
Finnish folk poetry and the Kalevala
"Kuutamo metsässä" : Heikki Sarmannon sävellyksiä suomalaisiin runoihin = "Moonlight in the woods"
"Kuutamo metsässä" = "Moonlight in the woods"
Tunturilauluja : Fjällsångar = Fjeldlieder = Songs of the fells. Vihko II, Op. 53
Laulu kulttuurisena kommunikaationa = Song as cultural communication = Pesnâ kak sredstvо kul'turnoj kommunikacii : proceedings from the Runosong Academy Jubilee Seminar, 8-10 October 2010
Rune-singing is still alive in Finland
The art of bertsolaritza : improvised Basque verse singing
Three Russian lyric folk song meters
Isuri eepos : Izhorian epic : A Series of Izhorian runic songs for unaccompanied mixed choir and reciters ; Original text (in the Izhorian language) adapted by Arvo Laanest
Poetry in music
The advent of spring
The Delius collection. Volume 2
English Nursery Rhymes for Young Learners
Three chansons : Kolme laulua
Summary: The genre and structure of Setu lyro-epic Kalevala-metric songs from the late 19th century.
Camp songs ; Ghetto songs
Pesni i stihi = Songs and poems. 2
Eighteenth-century writing from Wales : Bards and Britons
Runo songs, Kalevipoeg, and Peko in the question of national identity
Parallelism and musical structures in Kalevala-metric poetry
Songs beyond the Kalevala : transformations of oral poetry
Runolaulun uusi tuleminen = Vozroždenie runopeniâ = The return of runosong
Conference report : Jubilee seminar for the opening of the Runosong Academy : 8.-10.10.2010 Kuhmo, Finland
17 lyrics of Li Po
The big Christmas songbook
Mother goose rhymes
"Said a word, uttered thus" : structures and functions of parallelism in Arhippa Perttunen's poems
Hidden rituals and public performances : traditions and belonging among the post-Soviet Khanty, Komi and Udmurts
Lauluja Hermann Lönsin runoihin : Lieder nach Gedichte von / Songs to words by Hermann Löns. Vihko II
Homer and the oral tradition
Lauluja Hermann Lönsin runoihin : Lieder nach Gedichte von / Songs to words by Hermann Löns. Vihko III
Textualising the Siri epic
A Shropshire lad : Complete in verse and song
The animal boogie
The Delius collection. Volume 6
Heroic poets, poetic heroes : the ethnography of performance in an Arabic oral epic tradition
Art song in English. High voice : 50 songs by 21 American and British composers
Simulating the process of learning and producing rune songs
Blackbird singing : poems and lyrics 1965-1999
