http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1365 lyric poetry
lyric poetry
Gallows over Europe : poems
Burns : a study of the poems and songs
The poetry of Africa : an introduction for students
Archetypal patterns in poetry : psychological studies of imagination
A history of haiku in two volumes. Volume two : From Issa up to the present
Abstract in english.
Fascinating rhythm : the collaboration of George and Ira Gershwin
Contemporary poetry of the Low Countries
Three modern Icelandic poets
The poetry of France : an anthology. Volume 2, 1600-1800
The school of Donne
A key to modern poetry
The dual tradition : an essay on poetry and politics in Ireland
Rhyme's reason : a guide to English verse
The tricolour sun : Latvian lyrics in English versions, an Essay on Latvian poetry, and critical commentaries
Poetry and drama
Untitled subjects : poems
Modern Irish poetry : an anthology
Collective memory embodied in poetry as poison : the mnemonic role of Romantic poets discussed on the basis of Adam Mickiewicz’ Konrad Wallenrod and Forefathers (part III)
The poet's way of knowledge
Poetry as communication
Revaluation : tradition & development in English poetry
Don't ask me what I mean : poets in their own words
The shaping spirit : studies in modern English and American poets
Selected poems
Imagination and fancy, or, Selections from the English poets, with markings of the best passages, critical notices of the writers, and an essay in answer to the question "What is poetry?"
A history of English poetry. Vol. 1
Companion to poetry : for the GCE (O Level) examination
Nodes of Contemporary Finnish Literature
The achievement of T. S. Eliot : an essay on the nature of poetry
Poetries, their media and ends
Imagism : a chapter for the history of modern poetry
The romantic survival : a study in poetic evolution
Phonetic rhetoric and phonetic lyricism : a study of three poems
The poems of William Carlos Williams : a critical study
The 52 project started with a simple idea: Write a poem a week. Start now. Keep going. This book brings together the 52 prompts written by poet Jo Bell and by guest poets, so that you can pick up the challenge yourself. With poems to illustrate each prompt, it's an anthology as well as a book of lively and engaging exercises for all poets.
In the dark, move slowly : Poems selected and transl. from the Finnish by Anselm Hollo
The new poetic : Yeats to Eliot
English satiric poetry : Dryden to Byron
A history of English poetry. Vol. 6
Snare for the wind : selected poems
Edith Södergran's Modern Virgin : Overcoming Nietzsche and the Gendered Narrator
Ten Victorian poets
The Princeton handbook of multicultural poetries
The well wrought urn : studies in the structure of poetry
"Zooropa! my Zooropa!" : U2's critique of Europe in the 1990s
Christian spirituality in the lyrics of the rock group U2
Tandem neljale = tandem for four = teindim ceathrair
Estonian poetry and language : studies in honor of Ants Oras
The cruising auk
The contexts of poetry
Twentieth-century American poetry
The immortal evening : a legendary dinner with Keats, Wordsworth, and Lamb
Under the thunder the flowers light up the earth
Message, meaning, and lessons in hip hop : "lessons are blessings you should learn through"
Disappearing ink : poetry at the end of print culture
A history of English poetry. Vol. 5
The colour of the weather : an introduction to Belgian dialect poetry
The idiom of poetry
Finnish summary.
On poetry and poets
Wai guo shi zhong guo hua = Foreign poetry reproduced in Chinese painting
Break, blow, burn
A history of haiku in two volumes. Volume one : From the beginnings up to Issa
The discursive construction of authenticity : resources, scales and polycentricity in Finnish hip hop culture
Voices of the Dawn : a selection of Korean poetry from the sixth century to the present day
A history of English poetry. Vol. 2
The craft and art of Dylan Thomas
Selected lyrics on themes of patriotism and moral integrity : from ancient to modern Chinese classic poetry : Chinese-English
The poetry of W.H. Auden : the disenchanted island
Japanese life and character in senryu
The fire and the fountain : an essay on poetry
Songwriting success : how to write songs for fun and (maybe) profit : an introduction to the art and business of songwriting by one struggling singer-songwriter for the aid and comfort of other strugglers
Plastic people : Songbuch, corrected copy
The art of poetry
The structure of poetry
The poetry of France : an anthology. Volume 1, 1400-1600
New approaches to Ezra Pound : a co-ordinated investigation of Pound's poetry and ideas
The haiku handbook : how to write, share, and teach haiku
Modern poetry and the tradition
Oxford handbooks online. Literature
Ten poems analysed
The Critical Eye : Appreciating Prose and Poetry
The idea of lyric : lyric modes in ancient and modern poetry
Booby, be quiet!
The final going of snow
The poetics of waste : queer excess in Stein, Ashbery, Schuyler, and Goldsmith
Romanticism : Life, Literature and Landscape
52 : write a poem a week : start now, keep going
The background of modern French poetry : essays and interviews
Symbol and myth in ancient poetry
The poetic image
Poetry and the age
Essential Songwriter's Rhyming Dictionary : The most practical and easy-to-use reference now available
The lure of the limerick : an uninhibited history
Chapters in a mythology : the poetry of Sylvia Plath
Modern African poetry and the African predicament
Key to modern poetry
Literary Manuscripts : Leeds
Writing better lyrics : the essential guide to powerful songwriting
Veidrodis ir tuštuma : Eilėraščiai = The mirror and the void. Poems
The one taste of truth : Zen and the art of drinking tea
Turn-taking and immediacy in The owl and the nightingale
Poetry handbook : for readers and writers
Elizabethan lyrics
Cities
The Pelican guide to English literature. Volume 1 : The age of Chaucer
Azerbaijanian poetry : classic, modern, traditional
John Donne's lyrics : the elequence of action
The art and craft of poetry : an introduction
The use of poetry and the use of criticism : studies in the relation of criticism to poetry in England
Striking the chords of spirit and flesh in Polish poetry : a serendipity
Drops that open worlds : image of water in the poetry of Euphrase Kezilahabi
Writing poems
Benjamin Britten's poets : the poetry he set to music
The word and the stone : language and imagery in Neruda's Canto general
Young readers responding to poems
A hundred and seventy Chinese poems
Poems of Mao Zedong : with rhymed versions and annotations
American Negro Poetry
Stockholm Slavic studies. 5, The Russian imaginists
On the Greek style : selected essays in poetry and Hellenism
Poetry is
Serbian poetry from the beginnings to the present
"I will set his hand on the sea, and his right hand on the river" : North West Semitic Kingship and the sea of combat myth : a survey of Hebrew poetry in light of ancient Near Eastern evidence
Light verse from the floating world : an anthology of premodern Japanese senryu
"Other ways of looking out over wide things" : polyphonic criticism of the present moment in John Ashbery's Litany
Tu Fu : Chinas greatest poet
Haiku  : the sacred art : a spiritual practice in three lines
Language as gesture : essays in poetry
Heelloy : modern poetry and songs of the Somali
An introduction to Arab poetics
The name and nature of poetry
The chord songbook : Bob Marley
Twentieth century interpretations of Keats's odes : a collection of critical essays
Encyclopedia of poetry and poetics
Time and eternity : a study in the structure and symbolism of T. S. Eliot's Four quartets
Modern American poetry
The occasions of poetry : essays in criticism and autobiography
This dissertation is an interdisciplinary study within a comparative Nordic-Germanic framework that proposes new approaches to reading representations of gender in European literary modernism and philosophy via the works of Finland-Swedish poet Edith Södergran and Friedrich Nietzsche. I posit that Södergran's avant-garde poetry presents feminine, masculine, and androgynous narrators that subvert the function of misogyny in Nietzsche's philosophy, which she had fervently read and incorporated into her writing. Surely, Södergran must have faced obstacles as she confronted Nietzsche's ostensible ad feminam; however, her progressive poetry, I contend, illustrates how Nietzsche's own discourse is constructed by androgynous rhetoric that exhibits paradoxically helpful appropriations of the female body. I therefore suggest that Södergran's reception of Nietzsche ushers in a transvaluation of the "modernist body" that overcomes the cultural body of Man and Woman as she opens up philosophical discourse with the feminine other in Nietzsche's otherwise phallocentric discourse. Using a shared framework of post-structural feminist theory, narratology, and poetry criticism, this dissertation attempts to overturn long-standing interpretations of Nietzsche's philosophy and to revise Södergran's mythologized biography and traditional analyses of her poetry. In chapter one, I attempt to separate Edith Södergran from her romanticized biography and refigure the female writing subject in history in a way that de-emphasizes her glorified, personal afflictions and instead elucidates Södergran's creative efforts to redefine gender. In chapter two, I posit that Södergran's lyrical narrator is not an exclusively female subject but a speaker that is multiple: Södergran's narrators are voiced by female, male, and androgynous bodies; which leads to a type of transgendered experience of narration. Chapter three focuses on Nietzsche's representations of women that I suggest influenced Södergran's writing. I attempt to show that Nietzsche's misogyny is actually a latent discussion of the cultural body that has been constructed and maintained by Western caricatures of femininity and masculinity. In chapter four, I examine the paradoxical representations of women in Also Sprach Zarathustra [Thus Spoke Zarathustra]. I look at what Zarathustra's hyper-masculine rhetoric can mean to a female reader who may be seeking ways to demystify essentialist constructions of sexual difference, and I explore the implications that Zarathustra's prophecy of the Übermensch--an advanced, idealistic human being--has for the human body. In the final chapter, I look at the narratological techniques that Södergran and Nietzsche employ in their poetry. Through a combined narratological and feminist approach, I suggest that Södergran and Nietzsche meticulously construct disruptive archetypes of the cultural body via multi-gendered narrative voices. I argue that Nietzsche and Södergran transcend normative narrative devices and introduce unprecedented post-gendered bodies and voices into the European modernist tradition. Their particular depictions of the post-gendered body thus resonate with contemporary theories and philosophical discussions of sex and gender.
Contemporary poetry and postmodernism : dialogue and estrangement
Nets of awareness : Urdu poetry and its critics
Selected essays
The poetry and career of Li Po : 701-762 a.D
Sound and sense : an introduction to poetry
Russian futurism : a history
The blues line : Blues lyrics from Leadbelly to Muddy Waters
The continuity of American poetry
The complete works of the Gawain-poet
Poetry: its music and meaning
Black rainbow : how words healed me : my journey through depression
Snow-bound and other poems
Contemporary Yugoslav poetry
Counter-figures : an essay on antimetaphoric resistance : Paul Celan's poetry and poetics at the limits of figurality
Water light : selected poems
Free verse : an essay on prosody
The alien vision of Victorian poetry : sources of the poetic imagination in Tennyson, Browning and Arnold
A supplementary volume of notes for Tu Fu: Chinas greatest poet
Greek lyric poetry from Alcman to Simonides
A history of English poetry. Vol. 4
Perspectives on poetry
Wislawa Szymborska's poetry : choice of essays
Poetry in the dark ages : the eight W.P. Ker memorial lecture delivered in the University of Glasgow 28th October, 1947
Complete poems and major prose
Japanese court poetry
Poems of early Buddhist nuns (Therīgāthā)
Lines across black waters
Antologiâ peterburgskoj poèzii èpohi akmeizma = Acmeists and others : an anthology
Love themes in the lyrics of Freddie Mercury
Abstract: Women's voices and peripheral politics : feminist interpretations of the transition of stage in the Ireland of the 1990's.
Articulation of femininity in black metal lyrics : a case study on the lyrics of Cradle of Filth
THE FABER BOOK OF IRISH VERSE
Selected poems : five senses
"That you too were the I" : forms of polyphonic communication in John Ashbery's poetry
Poetry and contemporary culture : the question of value ; edited by Andrew Michael Roberts and Jonathan Allison
Philosophy and poetry
Electronic poetry : understanding poetry in the digital environment
A history of English poetry. Vol. 3
His original published poetry : The lords. The new creatures
Includes 39 handbooks and 1550 articles.
The Penguin book of Japanese verse
The cave and the spring : essays on poetry
To write a republic : American political poetry from Whitman to 9/11
Modern Chinese poetry : an introduction
When I look at pictures
