http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13669 pocket books
pocket books
Since being widowed two years ago, Kitty Cateril has been trapped in her late husband's home, where she is expected to mourn forever. Desperate to escape, Kitty will consider any option even a hasty marriage to a stranger with no intention of abandoning his bachelor ways. London life suits Beau Braydon, especially his work keeping Britain safe. So when he inherits the title of Viscount Dauntry, he has no intention of resettling on a rural estate. He can't resist the opportunity to marry a sensible widow who can manage Beauchamp Abbey for him until he realizes Kitty is more than he bargained for...
Will Dorning, as an earl's spare, has accepted the thankless duty of managing his rambunctious younger siblings, though Will's only true companions are the dogs he's treasured since boyhood. When aristocratic London is plagued with a series of dognappings, Will's brothers are convinced that he's the only person who can save the stolen canines from an awful fate. Shy, bookish Lady Susannah Haddonfield has no patience with loud, smelly beasts of any species, but must appear to like dogs so as not to offend her sister's only marital prospect. Susannah turns to Will, an acquaintance from her most awkward adolescent years, to teach her how to impersonate a dog fancier.
"In the social whirl of Regency England, Elizabeth Chudderley is at the top of every guest list, the life of every party, and the belle of every ball. But her friends and admirers would be stunned to know the truth: that the merriest widow in London is also the loneliest. Behind the gaiety and smiles lies a secret longing--for something, or someone, to whisk her away....  Raised in scandal, Lord Michael de Grey is convinced that love is a losing gamble--and seduction the only game worth playing. But when duty threatens to trump everything he desires, the only way out is marriage to a woman of his brother's choosing. Elizabeth Chudderley is delightful, delicious--and distressingly attractive. With such a captivating opponent, Michael isn't quite sure who is winning the game. How can such passionate players negotiate a marriage of necessity--when their hearts have needs of their own?"
Healing the addictive personality : freeing yourself from addictive patterns and relationships
American Pulp tells the story of the midcentury golden age of pulp paperbacks and how they brought modernism to Main Street, democratized literature and ideas, spurred social mobility, and helped readers fashion new identities. Drawing on extensive original research, Paula Rabinowitz unearths the far-reaching political, social, and aesthetic impact of the pulps between the late 1930s and early 1960s.
A dangerous gunfighter. A beautiful outlaw. A thrilling pursuit. Degan Grant is heading to California, far away from the home he wants to forget, when a US Marshal calls in a favour. Degan has to apprehend three outlaws and turn them over to the law - easy enough for a man no one wants to tangle with. But one of the outlaws defies Degan's every expectation. Maxine is sassy, spirited - and insists she is innocent. And, knowing that her capture will lead to her hanging, she's determined to escape the handsome, enigmatic gunfighter.
What happens under the mistletoe
The years
Dragon age : the stolen throne
Love begets madness.  Viscount Locksley watched it happen to his father after his cherished wife's death.  But when his sire arranges to marry flame-haired fortune hunter Portia Gadstone,  Locke is compelled to take drastic measures to stop the stunning beauty from taking advantage of the marquess.  A marriage of mutual pleasure could be convenient, indeed, as long as inconvenient feelings don't interfere.  Desperation forced Portia to agree to marry a madman.  The arrangement will offer the protection she needs.  Or so she believes until the marquess's distractingly handsome son peruses the fine print, and takes his father's place!  Now the sedate, and more importantly, secure union Portia planned has been tossed in favor of one simmering with wicked temptation and potential heartbreak.  Because as she begins to fall for her devilishly seductive husband, her dark secrets surface and threaten to ruin them both, unless Locke is willing to risk all and open his heart to love.
Will's true wish
Deadly secrets
Good earl gone bad
Perfect
The duke and his duchess ; the courtship : two novellas of the Windham family
The viscount and the vixen
Sapphires are an earl's best friend
The adventures of Sherlock Holmes
Climate change : a very short introduction
The earl takes all
This time love
Lady Windermere's lover
Forever your Earl
Doctor Who : vengeance on Varos
Japanese : phrasebook & dictionary
Twenty years ago, Emma, Mackenzie, and Serena bonded over their New York City dreams. Then, each summer, they spent one week together at the lake. It’s been five years since Emma has seen her friends—an absence designed to keep them from discovering a long-ago betrayal—but now she’s in desperate need of their support.      But when a terrible accident keeps Emma from saying her piece, Serena and Mackenzie begin to learn about the past on their own. Now, to heal their friendship and their broken lives, the three women will have to return to the lake that once united them, and discover which relationships are worth holding on to
Economics : the user's guide : a Pelican introduction
Seriously...I'm kidding
The memoirs of Sherlock Holmes
Wildfire in his arms
Fortune favors the wicked
A woman without lies
Love and let spy
Kindle Fire for dummies
The drowning game : a novel
"A writer for the Ladies Gazette, Miss Ophelia Dauntry's passion is her pen. So when she sees a fellow writer kidnapped before her eyes and the trail of evidence leads to the Lords of Anarchy, Ophelia vows to find her friend and take down the notorious London driving club in her column. But before she can argue her case, she needs the inside scoop from its newest leader: Piers Hamilton, the Duke of Trent. Headstrong, handsome Trent joined the Lords of Anarchy after a decade in the British Army. He's made it his business to tame the misbehavior within the driving club and the infuriatingly attractive Ophelia is only getting in his way. The deeper she digs into the case, the more she puts her own life at risk. Can Trent convince Ophelia to trust him to seek justice & and find protection, and passion, in his arms?"--Page 4 of cover.
One summer : America 1927
Scandal takes the stage
Last flight
Little women
Instructions and suggestions are offered on the use and function of the Kindle Fire e-reader, a handheld device with similar capabilities of a standard notebook computer.
As heir to a title and great wealth, Will Masterson should have stayed home and tended his responsibilities. Instead he went to war. Now, after perilous years fighting the French, he intends his current mission to be his last. But all his plans are forgotten when he arrives in the small mountain stronghold of San Gabriel and meets her. Knowing herself to be too tall, strong, and unconventional to appeal to a man, Athena Markham has always gloried in her independence. But for the first time in her life, she finds a man who might be her match. Two of a kind, too brave for their own good, Athena and Will vow to do whatever it takes to vanquish San Gabriel's enemies. For neither will back down from death, and only together can they find happiness and a love deeper than any they'd dared imagine. . .
How to do everythingTM : iPadTM
Slightly scandalous
A scoundrel by moonlight
"They had nothing in common until love gave them everything to lose   Louisa Clark is an ordinary girl living an exceedingly ordinary life--steady boyfriend, close family--who has never been farther afield than their tiny village. She takes a badly needed job working for ex-Master of the Universe Will Traynor, who is wheelchair bound after a motorcycle accident. Will has always lived a huge life--big deals, extreme sports, worldwide travel--and now he's pretty sure he cannot live the way he is.  Will is acerbic, moody, bossy--but Lou refuses to treat him with kid gloves, and soon his happiness means more to her than she expected. When she learns that Will has shocking plans of his own, she sets out to show him that life is still worth living.  A Love Story for this generation, Me Before You brings to life  two people who couldn't have less in common--a heartbreakingly romantic novel that asks, What do you do when making the person you love happy also means breaking your own heart?   "--
Too dangerous for a lady
Lord and Lady spy
Kiss me hello
The rose and the yew tree
The viscount needs a wife
The hound of the Baskervilles ; The valley of fear
Norway : [pocket guide]
With this ring
The year is 2029, and the promise of a new age of human augmentation is in ruins. Awakening in the aftermath of a changed world, augmented ex-cop and former security operative Adam Jensen struggles to find answers. In a world shattered by secrets, can the truth be brought into the light?
Seducing the heiress
Playwright Maggie Delamere shuts down aristocratic males with a mere flick of her razor-sharp quill. If only they were so easy to dispatch offstage--especially Cameron, Viscount Marwood. The impossibly charismatic man seems made to test her resistance. But when writer's block and an enemy from Maggie's past simultaneously strike, Cam makes an all-too-tempting proposal . . .Cam has never offered a lady his bed without being in it . . . but Maggie needs a writer's retreat, and his manor is just the place. It's the least Cam can do for the brilliant woman who pens his favorite plays. Still, there's something more than social justice behind the relish which she skewers her gentleman characters. And as Maggie's pen and inhibitions loosen, Cam intends to unlock her secrets - one delicious revelation at a time.
Greek : phrasebook & dictionary
NOOK tablet : the missing manual
Adrian Ferrers, Earl of Rivenham, has been tasked by the king to uncover a traitor, but instead he finds a conspiracy. Lady Leonora knows that Rivenham is the devil in disguise and that the tension between them is as irresistible and unpredictable as their situation. When war breaks out she knows she has no choice but to put her trust in the man holding her hostage and hope that love does not become a weapon that will destroy both of them.
A banquet of consequences
One wild winter's eve
Secret agent Lily Dawson poses as a courtesan to try to uncover a traitor to the Crown, and soon enlists the help of Andrew Booth-Payne, the Earl of Darlington.
"Single mom Sidonie Lindstrom has her hands full with a troubled foster son, an abrupt adjustment to country living, and an unforeseen lack of funds.  When her taciturn neighbor, MacKenzie Knightley, repeatedly offers practical help, Sid reminds herself she's not interested--despite his kindness, pragmatism, and quiet charm.  MacKenzie sees the vulnerability beneath her pride, and he's determined to change her mind."-- back cover.
All chained up
Eleanor Hawke loves a good scandal. And readers of her successful gossip rag live for the exploits of her favorite subject: Daniel Balfour, the notorious Earl of Ashford. So when the earl himself marches into her office and invites her to experience his illicit pursuits firsthand, Eleanor is stunned. Gambling hells, phaeton races, masquerades. What more could a scandal writer want than a secret look into the life of this devilishly handsome rake? Daniel has secrets, and if 'The Hawk's Eye' gets wind of them, a man's life could be at stake. And what better way to distract a gossip than by feeding her the scandal she desperately craves? But Daniel never expected the sharp mind and biting wit of the beautiful writer, and their desire for each other threatens even his best-laid plans.
To the ends of the earth
They call her "Amber the Untouched" throughout the Disputed Lands -- a chaste, golden-haired beauty who fears the remarkable love that was prophesied at her birth ... and the death that must inevitably follow. Now Duncan has come to her in darkness, as was foretold -- a wounded warrior with no memory, seared by passion's fire and irresistibly drawn to the innocent enchantress who divines truth with a touch. Their romance is legend in a time of war. But when Duncan's memory returns, he sees Amber as his enemy. Still, he cannot forsake the lover who healed his body and heart. And he will defy to the death the dread forces that have proclaimed their love.
American pulp : how paperbacks brought modernism to Main Street
Pleasured
An artist in glass and light, Angel has loved with passion and fire -- and learned the true depths of sadness when what she loved was taken from her. When she first meets Miles Hawkins -- a solitary, distant man -- their mutual mistrust seems insurmountable. Hawk has never known what Angel has freely enjoyed, having experienced only cruelty and betrayal from the women in his life. But Angel is willing to risk everything that proud, silent Hawk cannot, as she strives to bring truth and love to a tormented soul who believes in neither. Yet giving her heart again could be a gamble with stakes too high and too painful for her to endure -- for she fears that, by loving Hawk, she will surely lose him.
The duke and I
In cold blood : a true account of a multiple murder and its consequences
Rules of the game : a Stardust, Texas novel
Mrs Dalloway
Sherlock Holmes : the dark mysteries
The stolen throne
The marketing pocket book 2006
A week at the lake
Kindle fire : the missing manual. The book that should have been in the box
The Goblin Emperor
Determined to overreach his humanity and assert his untrammelled individual will, Raskolnikov, an impoverished student living in the St. Petersburg of the Tsars, commits an act of murder and theft and sets into motion a story which, for its excrutiating suspense, its atmospheric vividness, and its profundity of characterization and vision, is almost unequaled in the literatures of the world. The best known of Dostoevsky's masterpieces, Crime and Punishment can bear any amount of rereading without losing a drop of its power over our imagination.
How to see the world : a Pelican introduction
The end of your life book club
Princess : secrets to share
Stories from Duckburg 2
Pocket check list of timber trees
The case-book of Sherlock Holmes
Once a soldier
Stories from Duckburg
The Affair
Claire Cavendish is in search of a duke, but not for the usual reasons.  The man she seeks is a mathematician; the man she unwittingly finds is Lord Fox: dynamic, athletic, and as bored by the equations Claire adores as she is by the social whirl upon which he thrives.
The calling
The white princess
The outsiders
Lady Bridget's diary
Me before you
No safe place
That scandalous summer
Good dukes wear black
At your pleasure
Lady Claire is all that
The Princess and the Peer
The viscount who loved me
Irresistible
There are bad boys and then there are the men of Devil's Rock ... Some men come with a built-in warning label. Knox Callaghan is one of them. Danger radiates from every lean, muscled inch of him, and his deep blue eyes seem to see right through to Briar Davis's most secret fantasies. But there's one major problem: Briar is a nurse volunteering at the local prison, and Knox is an inmate who should be off-limits in every way. Knox feels it too - a shocking animal magnetism that drives him to risk his own life to protect Briar's. Paroled at last, he tries to resist her. She's too innocent, too sweet, and she has no idea what Knox is capable of. But a single touch can lead to a kiss - and a taste ...until the only crime is denying what feels so right ... "When the prison doors are open, the real dragon will fly out." -Ho Chi Minh.
The return of Sherlock Holmes ; His last bow
Unbound
The patriotic murders
One way or another
The masked empire
Crime and punishment
A study in Scarlet ; the sign of the four
The great American paperback : an illustrated tribute to legends of the book
Laptops and mobile devices made easy
Sophia Armitage was a friend, indeed. She had agreed to help Sir Nathaniel Gascoigne find a husband for his cousin Lavina in the glittering city of London-only half hoping to find one for herself. Sophia knew the odds were against her. Men simply did not seem to be attracted to her-not in that way. Even her late husband had treated Sophia more as a companion than a lover. But than something shocking in London-Sophia found herself in the arms of Nathaniel himself.
Black light
