http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13644 arranging
arranging
The travel agent : dealer in dreams
Planning and organising training events
For the bride : a guide to style and gracious living
"Events Feasibility and Development: From Strategy to Operations" answers two fundamental questions faced by all events planners and organisers: 'how do I justify this event to the client?' and 'why are we spending money on this event?' With a user-friendly learning structure containing bullet points, questions and exercises and international case studies (Australian Taxation Office, Saudi Arabian events returns, Fuji-Xerox events), "Events Feasibility and Development: From Strategy to Operations" looks at issues such as: The process of creating a feasibility study; Events forecasting models and cost/benefit analysis; Types of events (exhibitions, sports, festivals) and their benefits and returns; Project management tools for measuring return on investment; Presents tools, techniques and arguments for justifying expenditure on event and festivals; Guides the reader through the project management process moulding existing models of cost benefit analysis for the events industry; and, International case study material is used throughout to add practical insight and support theory.
Cupcakes and cashmere at home
Organizing a promotional event for an alcoholic beverage brand in Finland
The 21st century meeting and event technologies : powerful tools for better planning, marketing and evaluation
Organising successful events : case: Off-premises wedding in Spain
Green wedding : planning your eco-friendly celebration
How to sell a show at the Edinburgh festival fringe : the definitive marketing handbook 2001/2002
Green bride guide : how to create an earth-friendly wedding on any budget
How to do a show at the Edinburgh festival fringe : the definitive handbook 2001/2002
The Olympics : the basics
Event management  : for tourism, cultural, business and sporting events
Special events : proven strategies for nonprofit fundraising
Post-merger product line co-ordination
Conferences and conventions : a global industry
Facility management at events : case Tampere Film Festival
Party like a rock star : a celebrity party planner's tips and tricks for throwing an unforgettable bash
Scary scenes for halloween
Professional meeting management
Curating new media : Third BALTIC International Seminar 10-12 May 2001 : Tamas Banovich, Vuc Coscic, Matthew Gansallo ... (et al.] / edited by Sarah Cook, Beryl Graham & Sarah Martin
The everything bridesmaid book : from bachelorette party planning to wedding ceremony etiquette - all you need for an unforgettable wedding
Integrating foreign students into Finnish society : case: Welcome to Tampere
M&E : secrets of effective meetings & events
The making of Eurovision Song Contest Athens
Vintage wedding style : more than 25 simple projects and endless inspiration for designing your big day
DIY wedding manual : the step-by-step guide to creating your perfect wedding day on a budget
The bridesmaid's companion : the complete guide to attending the bride
"The Olympics Games are the biggest and most significant mega-sport event in the world. Planning and then staging the Olympic Games is a highly complex task which is exasperated by the fact that the Games are continually moving and not held consecutively in the same city. This means that start-up knowledge is required for each Olympics. Given the massive scale, scope and complexity of the Games it is surprising that very little research has been published that explores how the event is managed and organised. While the Games themselves are held over two weeks, the planning and preparation from bid stage to completion can be more than a decade in the making. The express purpose of this volume is to critically examine the planning, management and operation of the Olympic Games as the world's premier mega-sport event. The authors analyse and discuss how Olympic organisers and related stakeholders might effectively manage and deliver the Games, taking into account what has been learned from previous Olympics as well as the emergence of models of best practice from the management, project management and sport management literature"--
Athens racing the clock
How we succeeded in getting the 2005 World Championships in Athletics to Finland
The guide to successful destination management
Hello Kitty guide to parties
Abstract: Case Kadulta kotiin (from Street to Home project) - pre-planning a benefit concert.
The Party book : lots of great ideas for fun-packed parties
Birthday treats : recipes and crafts for the whole family
Organising a multicultural event : case: Erasmus IP 2010: Innovative Approaches in Multicultural Tourism Education
From yes to I do : the wedding guide for a modern bride
The Major sports events guide 2009 : the essential guide for any organisation involved in the delivery of major sport events
Case Kadulta kotiin : pre-planning a benefit concert
Basic strategy in corporate event management : guide for Nigerian event firms
New alternatives for k-Means clustering
Providing a comprehensive, in-depth analysis of the international conference industry, “Conferences and Conventions: A Global Industry Second Edition” examines the industry's origins, structure, economics, career opportunities, and future development. It also explains its links with the wider tourism industry. Now in its second edition, it is packed with a wealth of new international case studies covering the city of Melbourne, Queen Elizabeth II conference centre, London, Abu Dhabi, MCI Group, the Scottish Exhibition and Conference Centre, Glasgow and team San Jose, California. It also has new sections on: market segmentation and web marketing; conference and event budgeting; technology and communications, from video conferencing to web casting and pod casting; and corporate social responsibility and sustainable and green events. "Conferences and Conventions: A Global Industry" is illustrated with case studies and examples from around the world, including Great Britain, Canada, Australasia, Dubai, Greece, Thailand, South Africa, USA, Austria and many other destinations. It also provides challenging and reflective questions at the end of each chapter so that readers can test their knowledge and think about the issues raised, accompanied by practical assignments. Tony Rogers is Executive Director of the British Association of Conference Destinations and Association of British Professional Conference Organisers, UK. This second edition, now in full colour, is packed with new case studies from Cyprus, India, Australia and Abu Dhabi (amongst others), as well as new material including web marketing, procurement and ROI and corporate social responsibility. It is endorsed by the British Associations of Conferences Destinations and Association of British Professional Conference Organizers. It provides user-friendly, accessible approach that actively helps the reader to absorb and understand information.
The organisation of language education in small states = L'organisation de l'enseignement les langues dans let petits etats
Party! : how to organize a brilliant bash : the essential guide
Meetings, expositions, events, and conventions : an introduction to the industry
Event studies : theory, research and policy for planned events
International Summer Schools
Wedding etiquette for dummies
Designing exhibitions : museums, heritage, trade and world fairs
Expositions and trade shows
Style me pretty weddings : inspiration & ideas for an unforgettable celebration
The bridesmaid guide : modern advice on etiquette, parties, and being fabulous
The process of making a handbook : case: event management
How to be fringesafe at the Edinburgh festival fringe : the definitive venue manager's handbook 2001/2002
Effective meetings in an international organisation : case: Tietoenator Corporation
The motivations behind international sport event sponsorship : a comparative perspective : Ice Hockey World Championship 2003 and Red Bull Finland
Phantoms on the bookshelves
Complete idiot's guide to meeting and event planning
Organizing successful tournaments
Marketing destinations and venues for conferences, conventions and business events
The members of the European Parliament as business travellers
Events play an important role in the hospitality industry. Nowadays it is not just companies that organise events with professional help. As there are fewer milestone events in people's lives they are willing to spend large amounts of money to personal events such as weddings and anniversaries.  This thesis was done as a project based case study. It concentrates on successful event planning and organising from the point of view of an Internet based planned off-premises catering wedding in Spain. The wedding took place 21.9.2007 in a rural villa, and is described in the project in appendix 1.  The motivation for the thesis was both to assist on friend's wedding and to summaries the author's hospitality management studies and tests her abilities as an event coordinator in a real life project.   The primary objective was to a successful even, which can be used as a tool for future events. A secondary object was to examine what kind of challenges working with the Internet as a main booking tool brings. In addition the thesis examines special events and goes deeper into today's wedding trends and compares Finnish and Belgian wedding traditions.  The project, including the implementation and research, took nearly two years. There were many sources used and they provided the back ground for the product, the wedding plan. The results of the thesis as well as the product were conducted satisfactory and all objectives met.
Dynamic implementation in organizing an ice hockey tournament
Management of event operations
Marry me at Christmas
Lesbian couples guide to planning a wedding : everything you need to know about planning your dream wedding
Event management for dummies
The book of new family traditions : how to create great rituals for holidays and every day
How to be fringe safe : the technical handbook 2000.
The A-Z of wedding wisdom
The Organization of the 2008 IIHF World Championship Division III in Luxembourgh
Event planning business : everything you need to start a successful business!
The complete guide to successful event planning : with companion CD-ROM
A curious invitation : the forty greatest parties in literature
"Providing a comprehensive guide to understanding, planning, promoting, and producing special events, this seventh edition of Special Events describes the theory and practice of all aspects of event management. Written for current and future event leaders, the text continues to expand its emphasis on the growing globalization of the profession, taking into account the skills leaders need to deal with other cultures, societies, and business practices to plan and deliver successful events. New coverage includes sustainability, technology, security/risk management, and the impact of social media on events and event marketing. 15 all-new case studies have been included, as well as a brief glossary of terms at the end of each chapter to further define the terms used in the chapter"--
Organising and improving a trade fair : case: Pro Agria Farma
Sport, recreation and tourism event management : theoretical and practical dimensions
Special events : creating and sustaining a new world for celebration
So you want to become a promoter at a nightclub, but no one will help you get started? Nightclub promoters and producers are a very secretive bunch. If you are looking for a get rich quick scheme, this book is not for you. If you are ready to roll up your sleves and do a little work then this book will show you how to produce and promote your first event. Two years ago Anthony wrote one of the most sought after articles on the Internet: "How to Promote a Band of Club in Your Town". The article has helped thousands of promoters get their foot in the door. This book will give you the basics you need to produce and promote a show in your town, starting part-time, using the same methods as major club promoters across the country.
Managing the Olympics
The challenges faced by business tourism : the perspective of the conference organiser
Essential tips for organizing conferences & events
Organizing ISU Nordic development project 2010-2011
The thesis is about Welcome to Tampere fair 2008 and how the integration of the foreign students into Finnish society could be made easier with similar events and actions. In addition to the writing about integration, a theory about organizing fairs has also been written. The thesis was carried out to summarize the work done for the event and to see what else could be done to make the event even more purposeful. The integration of foreign students into our society is an important matter and the fair is one way to tackle the issue of integration.  Methods used to gather the data for the thesis were for primary data a questionnaire at the fair from the visitors as well as from the exhibitors & sponsors and for the secondary data different publications about integration and organizing fairs were used. Also the feedback from Welcome to Tampere 2009 was used to compare the results. Data from the questionnaire was used to evaluate the necessity of an event such as this and from the exhibitors' point of view how did they find the arrangements and did they find it worth a while to attend the fair. The secondary data was used to get a more in depth view of the matter of integration and also the process of organizing a fair. The secondary data's main purpose was to give more ideas how to get the fair more successful in the future by understanding the key elements of the problem. According to the feedback received it was a positive thing to arrange the event. It gave the students information about the city and this way had the wanted influence in the integration. Also the the feedback from the exhibitors and sponsors gave good ideas and suggestions how to even better in the coming years. The secondary data supported the results in both organizing a fair as well as in the integration process. The results of this thesis could be used as a guideline when organizing events that are alike in the future. With the given details many of the errors made could be avoided and similar events could be organized elsewhere as well. Next step for the cities in Finland is to boost up their images in the eyes of the foreign students by starting to make the integration much less complicated.
How to start a home-based wedding planning business
Finnish Family Celebrations- and Festival Venues in Vaasa
Guide for organizing ice hockey events
A guide to successful meeting planning
Meeting design industry analysis
Meetings and conventions : a planning guide
Access All Areas: A Real World Guide to Gigging and Touring
The sports event management and marketing playbook
Abstract: Guide for Event Organisers
A practical wedding planner : a step-by-step guide to creating the wedding you want with the budget you've got (without losing your mind in the process)
"Welcome to the Centria of the universe" : a concert in cooperation with Musikcafé After Eight
Alastair Sawday's the natural wedding book
Modern brides & modern grooms : a guide to planning straight, gay, and other nontraditional twenty-first-century weddings
Effective meeting skills
Public relations : a practical guide to the basics
Celebrate : the art of the special occasion
Meeting architecture : a manifesto
Satisfaction survey of music against drugs
Ice event for KalPa family
Art & people : a practical guide to setting up and running arts projects in the community
Event management and sustainability
Getting the games - olympic bidding: the importance of the bid city vs. the bid country
Special events from A to Z : the complete educator's handbook
Guide to health workforce development in post-conflict environments
How to develop and promote successful seminars and workshops : the definitive guide to creating and marketing seminars, workshops, classes, and conferenses
To bridal boutique owner Madeline Krug, organizing a Christmas wedding sounds like a joy - until she finds out she'll be working closely with the gorgeous brother of the bride, movie star Jonny Blaze. How will a small-town girl like her keep from falling for the world's sexiest guy? Especially with mistletoe lurking around every corner! Jonny came to Fool's Gold looking for normal, not for love. Happily-ever-after only happens in the movies. Still, nothing about this quirky town is quite what he expected, and "ordinary" Madeline is the most extraordinary woman he's ever met.
The Garfield : How To Party Book
A Study on Event Management : Case: Tomatkarnevalen
Insider's guide to managing sporting events
Event management is a growing business that is spread out into different sub-sections that operate with varying levels of proficiency. What is interesting about the business is that it touches the lives of a huge number of people but has raised little "official" interest, which could be reasoned by looking at how much resources are put into training new event management professionals. Moreover, the lack of proper literature on the subject by local authors makes aspiring event professionals start out their careers in the world of events by making the same mistakes as everyone else. This is a great shame and a situation that calls for corrective action.   Professionals in event management were interviewed for this thesis in order to find what event management is all about and what are the prerequisites for people who aim for success in the business. This information, along with the authors' own experiences, are to help produce a handbook for the beginning event manager, a handbook that helps smooth out the ruts that hinder the performance of those who are fresh to the trade.  Through the interviews the authors found out that the Finnish event management professionals have very similar views of event management as their American colleagues (as most books on the subject are written by American authors); still, they acknowledged the meaning of Finland indigenous cultural climate and limitations it sets on how such literature can be used here for educational purposes. They agreed that a handbook that would illuminate the Finnish business culture and leave the reader better prepared for the real world would greatly attribute to the training of new event management professionals.
Strategic event creation
Handbook for organisers of study visits for education and vocational training specialists
Planning a wedding : a step-by-step guide to your special day
The joy of less : a minimalist living guide : how to declutter, organize, and simplify your life
Event tourism : definition, evolution, and research
Organizer's decision-making process during sport event tourism management in Finland : a case study of Finlandia Marathon 2007 in Jyväskylä
Rock my wedding : your day, your way
Sustainable development in meeting management : case: Polaris-network meeting
Your pocket wedding planner : how to prepare for a wedding that's economical and fun
THE IMPACTS OF EVENT TOURISM ON HOST COMMUNITIES   : Case: the City of Pietarsaari
Developing Events for the Polish-Finnish Association
Music event management & promotion
Inflight Catering Management
The wedding pocket bible
Meet in Finland : the magazine of Helsinki-Finland Congress Bureau
HOSTING A MEMORABLE EVENT : Case: Food Festival in Ostrobothnia
Fostering Learning and Leadership : Organizational Change in Haaga Future Leaders Club
How to style your perfect wedding
How to become a succesful event planner : a practical approach to starting and running your own event planning business from home
The DIY wedding manual : how to create your perfect day without a celebrity budget
Three different events held in the area of Itä-Uusimaa, Finland
The bridesmaid's handbook
How to make it big in the seminar business
How to become a nightclub promoter
The recent proliferation of events as a subject of study in its own right has signalled the emergence of a new field – event studies. However, whilst the management-inspired notion of planned events, which strives for conceptual slenderness, may indeed be useful for event managers, the moment we attempt to advance knowledge about events as social, cultural and political phenomena, we realise the extent to which the field is theoretically impoverished. Event studies, it is argued, must transcend overt business-like perspectives in order to grasp events in their complexities. This book challenges the reader to reach beyond the established modes of thinking about events by placing them against a backdrop of much wider, critical discourse. Approaches and Methods in Event Studies emerges as a conceptual and methodological tour de force—comprising the works of scholars of diverse backgrounds coming together to address a range of philosophical, theoretical, and methods-related problems. The areas covered include the concepts of eventification and eventual approaches to events, a mobilities paradigm, rhizomatic events, critical discourse analysis, visual methods, reflexive and ethnographic research into events, and indigenous acumen. Researchers and students engaged in the study of events will draw much inspiration from the contributions and from the volume as a whole.
The influence of small events on charity work and volunteerism : A case study of famine in Somalia and Kenya
The event manager's bible : the complete guide to planning and organising a voluntary or public event
Into the heart of meetings : basic principles of meeting design
Open space technology : a user's guide
Events and festivals research methods and trends
How to sell a show on the Fringe : : the press & marketing handbook 2000.
Customer and merchant satisfaction in the Are Square Christmas Bazaar
Wedding style : hundreds of tips and secrets from the professionals for styling your own big day
Rich bride poor bride : : your ultimate wedding planning guide
How to do a show on the fringe : the definitive handbook 2000.
Party! : how to organise a brilliant bash : the essential guide
Approaches and methods in event studies
Sports event bidding : a strategic guide for bidders and sports property owners
How to organise awesome school events : systems, strategies and practical ideas to eliminate worry and quarantee success!
Events feasibility and development : from strategy to operations
