http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1362 folklore
folklore
Suenjel : kuvia kolttalappalaisten maasta = Bilder från skoltlapparnas land = Pictures from the country of Skolt Lapps = Maht suenjelest jielet
The silver bough. 1, Scottish folk-lore and folk-belief
The little puppet boy
Resurrection, revenance, and exhumation : the problematics ot the dead body in songs and laments
Myth and history : a symposium
Estonian customs and traditions
A treasury of Mississippi river folklore : stories, ballads, traditions and folkways of the Mid-American river country
Theatre for the people : the story of the Volksbühne
Theme of "swinging" in shamanism and folk culture
The mythology of all races : in thirteen volumes. 4, Finno-ugric, Siberian
Goddesses unknown I : Njǫrun and the sister-wife of Njǫrðr
Folk customs of China
Shelob
The living tradition of arts and crafts in the Jastrebarsko area
Yokainoshima : island of monsters : Japanese folk rituals
Scinanie kani - Kaszubski zwyczaj ludowy = The beheading of the kite - the folk-custom in Kaszuby
Hungarian decorative folk art
Tradition and innovation in folk literature
The Christmas book
Christmas in Croatia
ALWAYS COMING HOME is not the story of the Kesh. Rather it is the stories of the Kesh - stories, poems, songs, recipes - ALWAYS COMING HOME is no less than an anthropological account of a community that does not yet exist, a tour de force of imaginative fiction by one of modern literature's great voices. First published 1985.
Traditional jewelry of India
Gender and print culture : new perspectives on international ballad studies
The Baltic background of Balto-Finnic folklore
Literature : mythology and folklore
The Akamba in British East Africa : an ethnological monograph
Walking with Abel : journeys with the nomads of the African savannah
Public health, science and the economy : the onto-politics of traditional medicine in Namibia
Folk-lore from the Dominican Republic
Straw, hay & rushes in Irish folk tradition
Nart sagas from the Caucasus : ancient myths and legends of the Circassians and Abkhazians
Some epistemic problems with a vernacular worldview
Practical folk art : create beautiful and decorative pieces in the folk art tradition, with 35 projects
Christmas around the world
Cultural heritage of Nepal Terai
English folklore
The Nivkh people of Sakhalin and their music : my Nivkh journey
Mielen metsä = The forest in the Finnish mind
Games and rhymes, beliefs and customs, riddles, proverbs, speech, tales and legends
Searching for authentic living through native faith : the Maausk movement in Estonia
Gunnar Landtman in Papua : 1910 to 1912
The complete book of tartan : a heritage encyclopedia of over 400 tartans and the stories that shaped Scottish history
Women and food in rural-traditional Finland : social and symbolic dimensions
The catalogue of folklore and mythology contains ca. 50,000 abstracts of oral texts from all over the  world. The distribution of  2,000 cosmological and etiological motifs, adventure and trickster episodes is systematically checked across almost 1,000 traditions. The database was developed as a tool for the research of prehistoric migrations and cultural interactions. The present article introduces and illustrates its potential for research..
Dai gia dình các dân tôc Viêt Nam : the great family of ethnic groups in Viet Nam
Lithuanian folklore heritage : from printed to digital folklore library
Grapevine and rose : Muslim oral ballads from Bosnia-Herzegovina
Upward and outward : fairy tales and popular, print, and proletarian culture,  1550 -1850
Using traditional media in enviromental communication
Fiesta : days of the dead & other Mexican festivals
Japanese rainmaking and other folk practices
Somalia : miscellaneous folklore
Zhonghua wu fu ji xiang tu dian shu = Designs of Chinese blessings longevity
Log cabin pioneers : Stories, songs & sayings
Connemara : a little Gaelic kingdom
Celtic myths and legends
Bibliography of Latin American folklore
A treasury of Southern folklore : stories, ballads, traditions, and folkways of the people of the South
Peasant art of Subcarpathian Russia
Ukrainian cuisine and folk traditions
Lithuania : the awakening of a nation
Shakespeare's England : an account of the life & manners of his age. Volume 1.
British fairy origins
The Anglo-Saxons
Sheekooyinkii Cigaal Shidaad = The stories of Egal Shidad (the wise coward man)
Film England : culturally English filmmaking since the 1990s
Blood and land : the story of native North America
The thirsty Moose : based on a native american folktale
Philippine folk media in development communication
African folklore : an encyclopedia
My Nightingale is Singing
Comment : reflections on oral and literary relations in the fairy tale
Comment : : literary fairy tales and the types of international folktales (AA, AT,  ATU)
The fabrics of fairytale : stories spun from far and wide
Finnish folklore reader and glossary
Black cats and April fools
The pre- and Proto-historic Finns : both eastern and western with magic songs of the West Finns : in two volumes. Vol. 2
Material on Shor folklore
A treasury of Jewish folklore : stories, traditions, legends, humor, wisdom and folk songs of the Jewish people
The role of traditional knowledge in the conservation of biological diversity
Worlds of music : an introduction to the music of the world's peoples
The Finnish and Estonian folk epic
From an encyclopedia of Iranian Folklore to an ontology of Iranian folklore
The Eskimo legend of Navaranâq : an analytical study
The dead without status
Earth-eating and the earth-eating habit in India
Gypsies of the world
Journey to the west. Vol. 1
The upside-down world
C. G. Mannerheimin valokuvia Aasian matkalta 1906-1908 = Photographs by C. G. Mannerheim from his journey across Asia 1906-1908
Southwestern lore
A treasury of Irish folklore : the stories, traditions, legends, humor, wisdom, ballads and songs of the Irish people
The silver bough
Introducing folklore
Ethnographic questionnaires : after method, after questions
Buckaroo : visions and voices of the American Cowboy
Turkish customs and traditions
Making simple clothes : the structure and development of clothes from other cultures
THE ILLUSTRATED BOOK OF AMERICAN FOLKLORE : STORIES, LEGENDS, TALL TALES, RIDDLES, RHYMES
Grandma Panda's China storybook : legends, traditions and fun
Russian hand-painted trays
The whale rider
The dreams of the three trees = San ke shu de yuanwang
Icy pleasures : Minnesota celebrates winter
Britain's living folklore
The study of American folklore : an introduction
Fjord Norway
Folk arts of Tamilnadu : the performing arts
Deep down in the jungle... : Negro narrative folklore from the streets of Philadelphia
Viêt Nam : hình anh công dong 54 dân tôc = Vietnam : image of the community of 54 ethnic groups
The top 40 traditions of Christmas : the story behind the Nativity, candy canes, caroling, and all things Christmas
Lhamo : opera from the roof of the world
Abbey Lubbers, banshees & boggarts : a who's who of fairies
And horns on the toads
Folklore : the intangible cultural heritage of SAARC region. Volume 2
This market-leading, best-selling text covers ethnomusicology-the study of music in a people's way of life, which treats music as a distillation of cultural styles. The authors of this text approach diverse musical styles with the desire to understand them on their own terms-as the people who make the music would understand them. The text is organized by region. Each study focuses on the life histories and autobiographies that are essential to understanding music as a human activity. Song lyrics are singled out by the authors as a way to understand the meaning and purpose of musical performances.
Asiatic influences in American folklore
Folklore and mythology catalogue : its lay-out and potential for research
Folklore in America : tales, songs, superstitions, proverbs, riddles, games, folk drama and folk festivals
Always Coming Home
Legends of trolls and the Bible
Contemporary forms of folklore and ethnic identity
Explores the extraordinary ranges of masks, costumes and characters that are donned in agricultural and fishing communities throughout Japan to celebrate seasonal rites of fertility and abundance
Culture to catwalk : how world cultures influence fashion
On the case of Vambarljóð I : comments on formulaicity in the sagnakvæði
An introduction to the science of comparative mythology and folklore
C. G. Mannerheimin valokuvia Aasian-matkalta 1906-1908 = Photographs by C. G. Mannerheim from his journey across Asia 1906-1908
Folklore in Hungary
Lapsia = Children
Strange ways and sweet dreams : Afro-American folklore from the Hampton Institute
Proceedings of the Crafticulation & Education Conference
Journey to the west. Vol. 3
A treasury of American folklore : stories, ballads, and traditions of the people
Finnish folklore atlas
About the Hungarian people and Hungarian folk art
A system of techniques and stratagems for outlining a traditional ethnic identity
Zhonghua wu fu ji xiang tu dian shu = Designs of Chinese blessings happiness
Lithuanian folk art
Hunting and fishing
Hai kur mamashu shis = Quiero contarte un cuento = I want to tell you a story
A treasury of American folklore : stories, ballads, and traditions of people
The pre- and Proto-historic Finns : both eastern and western with magic songs of the West Finns : in two volumes. Vol. 1
The knights of the round table
Artistic handicrafts in Romania
Folk culture in the digital age : the emergent dynamics of human interaction
Poetic formulas in late medieval Icelandic folk poetry : : the case of  Vamb̂arljóð
Introduction to English folklore
Lietuviu̧ papročiai ir tradicijos = Lithuanian customs and traditions
Written cancer narratives : an ethnomedical study of cancer patients  thoughts, emotions and experiences
The roadside tavern
The fact or fiction behind urban myths : you can get sucked down an aeroplane loo!
The Voodoo gods
On the case of Vambarljóð II : register and mode from skaldic verse to sagnakvæði
Joys and rites : customs of traditional Chinese festivals
A treasury of New England folklore : stories, ballads, and traditions of the Yankee people
Studies in Bulgarian folklore
Ethnologische Nachrungsforchung = Ethnological food research
Ścinanie kani - Kaszubski zwyczaj ludowy = The beheading of the kite - the folk-custom in Kaszuby
Motifs and folktales : a new statistical approach
The Kingfisher treasury of Irish stories
Leaving footprints in the taiga : luck, spirits and ambivalence among the Siberian Orochen reindeer herders and hunters
The inner Hebrides and their legends
Some current Pushtu folk stories
Potentials : design in the field : new discourse on craft development 1-2
Journey to the west. Vol. 2
Folklore in the identification processes of society
Mongolian folklore : a representative collection from the oral literary tradition
Studies in Cheremis folklore. Vol. 1
Malay myths and legends
Degrees of well-formedness : the formula principle in the analysis of oral-poetic meters
