http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13660 cooling equipment
cooling equipment
Kylmän välttämättömyys : kylmätekniikan voitonmarssi Suomessa = The need for cold : historical perspectives on Finnish refrigeration technology
Handbook of diesel engines
Optimum Cooling of Data Centers : application of Risk Assessment and Mitigation Techniques / Jun Dai ...[et al.]
Cooling techniques for electronic equipment
Le froid au service de l'homme : 16th international congress of refrigeration, Paris 1983. 3.
Heating and cooling of buildings : design for efficiency
Active and passive beam application design guide
A practical approach to motor vehicle engineering
Refrigeration and air-conditioning
Le froid au service de l'homme : 16th international congress of refrigeration, Paris 1983. 5.
Introduction to the concept of exergy : for a better understanding of low-temperature-heating and high-temperature-cooling systems
2010 ASHRAE Handbook : Refrigeration
Compact heat exchangers
Economy of air-source heat pump
2006 ASHRAE Handbook : refrigeration
Alternatives to HCFC as refrigerant in shipping vessels
Fundamentals of motor vehicle technology
Newnes Electrical Pocket Book
Norpe 50 : 1953-2003
Indirect refrigeration systems : design guide book
Low Energy Cooling Systems Based On The Cold Energy Sources Of The Ground : Preliminary study
Design of a solar thermal powered cooling system
Handbook of air conditioning and refrigeration
Chilled beam application guidebook
Refrigeration equipment : a servicing and installation handbook
Le froid au service de l'homme : 16th international congress of refrigeration, Paris 1983. 4.
Liquid cooling solutions for rotating permanent magnet synchronous machines
Adsorption studies on iron oxides with reference to the oxide films formed on material surfaces in nuclear power plants
Cold and chilled storage technology
Refrigerating machinery and air conditioning plant
Design of a Solar Thermal Powered Cooling System
Learning from experiences with compact heat exchangers
Re-routing and de-aeration of cooling water from cylinder head
Industrial refrigeration handbook
Integration of building cooling with existing district heating systems
Characterization of MgB2 superconductors in conduction-cooled systems
Mobile device cooling with heat pipes
Marine auxiliary machinery
Light and heavy vehicle technology
The capability of the selective laser melting process in the manufacture of heat transfer devices
Isolation, occurrence and prevention of legionella in Finnish cooling water systems
Le froid au service de l'homme : 16th international congress of refrigeration, Paris 1983. 1-2
New refrigerants for air conditioning and refrigeration systems
Food engineering and dairy technology
Refrigerating systems : CIBSE commissioning code R
Absorption chillers and heat pumps
Design and operation of marine air compressors
Low temperature heating and high temperature cooling : embedded water based surface heating and cooling systems
Mobile precooler for fruits and vegetables = Prérefroidisseur mobile pour fruits et légumes
Le froid au service de l'homme : 16th international congress of refrigeration, Paris 1983. 2.
Papst fans : design, function and behaviour in practical application
As processors used in mobile devices keep becoming more powerful, the heat generated by these processors also increases. This and the fact that mobile devices are made to be as compact as possible introduces new challenges in mobile device cooling. This research studies the use of small heat pipes in mobile device cooling. This study focuses on measurements of the thermal conductivity of straight heat pipes. The variables in the measurements were the thickness, length and orientation of the heat pipe. In addition the power level of the heating element was chosen as an additional variable. A D-optimal DOE plan was made for the measurements according to the Six Sigma methodology, so that the effects between two variables could be studied. The test setup was composed of two elements and the heat pipe was connected in between. The heating element was made from three copper pieces and the heat pipe was held between the pieces. The top half of the element was heated with the use of a power resistor. The cooling element was made from two aluminium halves, which both had copper pipes going through them. The pipes were connected to a water circulation unit, which monitors and adjusts the temperature of the water with a thermostat. The measurements were conducted according to the DOE-plan and each test case was done three times to achieve statistical reliability. The heat pipes performed optimally in all cases except in the worst case scenario, but even despite that the temperature of the heating element never rose above 60 °C. A statistical analysis was conducted on the temperature data gathered from the hot end of the heat pipe and the temperature difference between the ends of the heat pipe. The results demonstrated that the most significant variables in these cases were the heating power level and the length of the heat pipe.Finally the measurement errors were analyzed resulting in a measurement uncertainty of ±1.2 °C. By analyzing the results it was concluded that heat pipes could work well in cooling small mobile devices due to their relatively small size and good heat transfer capabilities. Furthermore the measurement data from this study could be used as a reference for further study
Energy-efficient industrial systems : evaluation and implementation
P&O package includes largest chillers yet
Home sweet zero energy home : what it takes to develop great homes that won't cost anything to heat, cool or light up, without going broke or crazy
Ashrae pocket guide to air conditioning, heating, ventilation and refrigeration
Thermodynamics for dummies
Principles of refrigeration
Heat pumps : installation and troubleshooting
