http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13683 lactic fermentation
lactic fermentation
From beer to molecular biology : the evolution of industrial biotechnology
Technology research for designing a novel fermented milk : growth features of a coculture of Lactobacillus delbrueckii ATCC 15808 and Geotrichum candidum VV
Effects of restriction of silage fermentation with formic acid on milk production
The occurrrence and diversity of yeasts in Zimbabwean traditional fermented milk and their potential use as starter cultures
Use of inoculated lactic acid bacteria in fermenting sour cabbage
"Updated with the substantial progress made in lactic acid and bacteria research since the third edition, this fourth volume discusses improved insights in genetics and new molecular biological techniques. Thoroughly reorganized, this book incorporates the recent changes in new molecular techniques and the mechanistic understanding of probiotic functionality. The book remains firmly grounded in the basics of lactic acid bacteria; their genetics and taxonomy, their application in food and feed preparation, their health properties, and the legal issues associated with their use"--Provided by publisher.
Principles of fermentation technology
The formation and antimicrobial activity of nisin and plant derived bioactive components in lactic acid bacteria fermentations
Some recent achievements in biotechnology and dairy fermentation techniques of lactic acid bacteria
Preserving food without freezing or canning : traditional techniques using salt, oil, sugar, alcohol, vinegar, drying, cold storage and lactic fermentation
The objective of the study was to investigate the effects of homofermentative and heterofermentative lactic acid bacteria (LAB) inoculants on fermentation and aerobic stability in a variety of crops and dry matter concentrations. The experiments were conducted with lucerne, ryegrass, ryegrass-timothy, red clover-ryegrass and whole crop maize using three additives in laboratory scale conditions. Each treatment and crop was replicated 5 five times when determining the chemical composition and aerobic stability in the silage. The data were statistically analyzed as a randomized complete block by using the GLM procedure of SAS. Additive application reduced pH and formation of butyric acid, alcohols and ammonia-N in all crops compared with the untreated silage (p < 0.05). The use of additives increased the content of lactic acid except heterofermentative LAB in maize with 276 g kg-1 DM and increased the content of acetic acid except homofermentative LAB in ryegrass-timothy and maize with 276 g kg-1 DM compared with the untreated silage (p < 0.05). It was observed that the aerobic stability of silages was improved significantly (p < 0.05) by using homofermentative and heterofermentative LAB inoculants.
The use of mineral salt, herbs and spices in combination with isolated lactic acid bacteria strains in sauerkraut fermentation was studied. Mineral salt differs from ordinary salt because NaCl is partially replaced by KCl. The mineral salt contains 28% KCl and 57% NaCl. The final NaCl content in the sliced white cabbage mixture was 0.5%. In approximately 20 hours the pH dropped to the desired level. All the pressed sauerkraut juices had a good microbiological quality. The sensory quality of all pressed juices was found to be either good or acceptable.
Mixed culture pre-ferments of lactic and propionic acid bacteria for baking
Lactic acid bacteria : microbiology and functional aspects
Studies on the fermentation technology of bushera: a Ugandan traditional fermented cereal-based beverage
Lactic acid bacteria : microbiological and functional aspects
Lucerne and two maize crops were ensiled with and without Lactobacillus plantarum and fermented for 4 or 60 d to assess the effect of inoculant on in vitro rumen fermentation of the resulting silages. Water and 80% ethanol extracts of the silages were also analysed for effects on in vitro rumen fermentation. The inoculant affected lucerne silage characteristics but had little effect on the maize silages. In vitro fermentation of the silages showed few effects except increased microbial biomass yield (MBY) at 24 h in the inoculant-treated lucerne silages. In vitro fermentation of the lucerne silage water extracts produced no differences due to treatment except for reduced MBY in the inoculant-treated extracts. The ethanol extracts produced results inconsistent with the in vitro results of the silages. Consequently it appears that the factor in in vitro fermentation of inoculated silages causing increased MBY was in neither the water nor ethanol extracts.
Technology research for designing a novel fermented milk product : growth features of a coculture of Lactobacillus delbrueckii ATCC 15808 and Geotrichum candidum VV
Aerobic spoilage of silages occurs frequently and is undesirable because it reduces both its nutritive and hygienic quality. Silage inoculants containing heterofermentative lactic acid bacteria, like Lactobacillus buchneri, have already been proven to improve aerobic stability by augmented production of acetic acid, which inhibits yeasts. In this study, the effect of L. buchneri on fermentation characteristics and aerobic stability of alfalfa-ryegrass silage, red clover silage and maize silage was assessed using microsilos. Two dosages, 1×105 and 3×105 cfu g-1 of fresh matter, were compared to untreated control silage. Inoculation with L. buchneri clearly altered the fermentation characteristics of alfalfa-ryegrass and red clover silage, resulting in a significantly higher aerobic stability at both dosages. The effects of L. buchneri inoculation on maize silage were less clear, but nevertheless the aerobic stability of maize silage inoculated with 1×105 cfu g-1 of fresh matter was significantly higher compared to the untreated silage.
Effects of yeasts and bacteria on the levels of folates in rye sourdoughs
Viability of Lactobacillus paraplantarum DSM 14485 in human gastrointestinal tract and its molecular and biochemical identification after fermented vegetable consumption
Lactic acid fermented weaning foods and frequency of diarrhoea : a minor field study
Amino acid catabolism by Lactobacillus helveticus in cheese : understanding the influence of strain variation on flavour formation
Cereal fermentation for future foods : V Symposium on Sourdough, 10-12 October 2012, Helsinki, Finland
Effect of lactic acid bacteria inoculants, formic acid, potassium sorbate and sodium benzoate on fermentation quality and aerobic stability of wilted grass silage
Candida yeasts and carcinogenic acetaldehyde in upper digestive tract carcinogenesis
Microbiology, fermentation and shelf-life extension of togwa, a Tanzanian indigenous food
The effect of a mixture of Lactobacillus strains on silage quality and nutritive value of grass harvested at four growth stages and ensiled for two periods
Preservation effects by lactic acid fermentation : a literature review
The effects of three silage inoculants on aerobic stability in grass, clover-grass, lucerne and maize silages
Preliminary studies on using LAB strains isolated from spontaneous sauerkraut fermentation in combination with mineral salt, herbs and spices in sauerkraut and sauerkraut juice fermentations
Silage extracts used to study the mode of action of silage inoculants in ruminants
The effect of adding an inoculant containing Lactobacillus buchneri, L. plantarum and L. casei to wilted perennial ryegrass, harvested at four growth stages and ensiled for either 60 or 150 d on silage fermentation quality, chemical composition, rumen degradability of neutral detergent fibre (NDF) and organic matter (OM) and in vitro OM digestibility (OMd) was studied. Compared to the control silage, more sugars were fermented to lactic and acetic acid with the inoculant, resulting in a lower pH, less dry matter losses and protein degradation and a better aerobic stability. The effects of the additive on fermentation quality were more pronounced after 150 than after 60 d of ensiling, because the quality of the control silage was worse after long ensiling period. The treatment lowered NDF content of grass harvested at the first two growth stages by degrading cell walls to complex sugars, but had no effect on NDF degradability of the silage. The inoculant had no effect on rumen OM degradability nor on OMd after the short ensiling period, but increased the rumen OM degradability for the first two growth stages and OMd for all growth stages after long ensiling period.
Lactobacillus plantarum : from application to protein expression
Bacteriocins and protective cultures as contributing factors to improving safety and preservation of meat and products : a literature review
The effect of Lactobacillus buchneri inoculation on the aerobic stability and fermentation characteristics of alfalfa-ryegrass, red clover and maize silage
Bioprotective and probiotic meat starter cultures for the fermentation of dry sausages
In this study the viability of a potentially probiotic Lactobacillus paraplantarum DSM 14485 in the intestinal tract of 22 healthy test subjects was qualitatively assessed in a randomised double blinded cross-over study design lasting 2 x 4 weeks (interventions I and II) with a 4-week washout period. The subjects were given in their diet either spontaneously fermented vegetables (SF) or vegetables fermented by starter bacteria which contained  Lb. paraplantarum DSM 14485 (P). The numbers of lactic acid bacteria (LAB) in fecal samples were at the level of 10⁵ cfu g⁻¹ in both groups. The presence of Lb. paraplantarum DSM 14485 was confirmed by biochemical and molecular methods. We were able to show that Lb. paraplantarum DSM 14485, isolated from spontaneously fermented cucumbers, was viable in the intestine of ten test subjects after taking P-diet when the numbers of LAB were sufficiently high in the product.
Lactic acid-fermented oats and barley for human dietary use : with special reference to Lactobacillus spp. and to nutritional and sensory properties
