http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13671 cultural policy
cultural policy
Cultural policy and democracy
Seminar no. 10 on cultural identity and regional development : comparative analysis and prospects : Interlaken, Switzerland, 16-18 October 1989
Heritage for development in south-east Europe : new visions and perceptions of heritage through the Ljubliana Process
Frantz Fanon and the future of cultural politics : finding something different
The social values of Christianity in the area of politics and the contribution of the Interparliamentary Assembly on Orthodoxy (I.A.O.) for raising such values : essys
The public life of the arts in America
Becoming Europeans : cultural identity and cultural policies
Helping to create an entrepreneurial culture : a guide on good practices in promoting entrepreneurial attitudes and skills through education
What about cultural policy? : interdisciplinary perspectives on culture and politics
This book analyses higher education from cultural perspectives and also to reflect on the uses of intellectual devices developed in the cultural studies of higher education over the last decades. The first part of the book presents fresh perspectives to integrate cultural studies in higher education with wider societal processes. Professor William G. Tierney speaks about trust and culture in higher education, whereas Professor Imanol Ordorika opens a political perspective to higher education institutions. The second part of the book studies the internal life of higher education. Relying on a variety of cultural perspectives, the chapters explore the actual day-to-day practices taking place in higher education, ranging from student socialisation, student consumerism, tensions in combining academic and market-oriented targets in knowledge production to the formation of academic identities in different disciplinary and organisational cultures. The focus in the third part of the book is to use cultural perspectives developed in previous studies on disciplinary and organisational cultures as a framework to understand a variety of processes and reforms taking place at the institutional level of high education. The chapters in this part of the book analyse the Bologna Process, the evolution of scientific fields in American universities, organisational cultures in Chinese post-merger universities, and doctoral education and cooperation with industry.
Cultural Policy : a short guide
Description and analysis of Austrian cultural policy : final version
Sharing diversity : culture as a resource for future Europe. Cultural policy and its dimensions in four European countries: Bulgaria, Finland, Germany and Poland
Construction of cultural policy
What makes sense? : Cultural management and the question of values in a shifting landscape
Queens consort, cultural transfer and European politics, c. 1500-1800
Studies and documents on cultural policies
The cultural situation in socialist Ethiopia
Estonian Community Houses as Local Tools for the Development of Estonian Cultural Policy
Defining the objectives of cultural development : empirical assessment via the analysis of its major economic, political and social determinants
An evaluation of cultural policies in Italy
Management & organisational behaviour
Management guidelines for world cultural heritage sites
Towards a new museum policy : governement memorandum
Imagining Indonesia : cultural politics and political culture
What is intercultural communication competence in the context of the European Parliament? : perceptions about the required intercultural skills from the perspective of Finnish members of the European Parliament
Power and political culture in Suharto's Indonesia : the Indonesian Democratic Party (PDI) and decline of the new order (1986-98)
David Bell and Kate Oakley survey the major debates emerging in cultural policy research, adopting an approach based on spatial scale to explore cultural policy in cities, nations and internationally. They contextualise these discussions with an exploration of what both 'culture' and 'policy' mean when they are joined together as cultural policy. Drawing on topical examples and contemporary research, as well as their own experience in both academia and in consultancy, Bell and Oakley urge readers to think critically about the project of cultural policy as it is currently being played out around the world. Cultural Policy is a comprehensive and readable book that provides a lively, up-to-date overview of key debates in cultural policy, making it ideal for students of media and cultural studies, creative and cultural industries, and arts management.
A study of cultural policy in the United States
Cultural policy in Estonia : report by European panel of examiners
Textual spaces : aboriginality and cultural studies
Cultural policy, work and identity : the creation, renewal and negotiation of professional subjectivities
Cultural policy in Latvia : national report
Totalitarian speech
Comparative analysis of cultural policy conducted by Embassy of Russia in Finland and Embassy of Finland in Russia
Cultural minorities in Finland : an overview towards cultural policy
The Canadianization Movement : emergence, survival, and success
Balancing act : twenty-one strategic dilemmas in cultural policy
Muslim migrants in Europe : a challenge to the policy of the state
Қazaқstannyӈ mädeni můrasy: žaӈalyқtary, mäsellelerì, bolašaғy : halyқaralyқ ғylymi konferenciânyӈ materialdary 19 қazan 2005 žyl = Kul'turnoe nasledie Kazahstana: otkrytiâ, problemy, perspektivy = Cultural legacy of Kazakhstan: discoveries, problems, prospects
Men from the ministry : how Britain saved its heritage
Cultural policy in Italy : report by a European panel of examiners
Language of the land : policy, politics, identity
Cultural policy in Finland : national report : European Programme of National Cultural Policy Reviews
In Biopolitical Screens, Pasi Väliaho charts and conceptualizes the imagery that composes our affective and conceptual reality under twenty-first-century capitalism. Väliaho investigates the role screen media play in the networks that today harness human minds and bodies -- the ways that images animated on console game platforms, virtual reality technologies, and computer screens capture human potential by plugging it into arrangements of finance, war, and the consumption of entertainment. Drawing on current neuroscience and political and economic thought, Väliaho argues that these images work to shape the atomistic individuals who populate the neoliberal world of accumulation and war. Väliaho bases his argument on a broad notion of the image as something both visible and sayable, detectable in various screen platforms but also in scientific perception and theoretical ideas. After laying out the conceptual foundations of the book, Väliaho offers focused and detailed investigations of the current visual economy. He considers the imagery of first-person shooter video games as tools of "neuropower"; explores the design and construction of virtual reality technologies to treat post-traumatic stress disorder in veterans of Iraq and Afghanistan; and examines three instances of video installation art that have the power to disrupt the dominant regime of sensibility rather than reinforce it.
Some aspects of cultural policies in Austria
A living exhibition : the Smithsonian and the transformation of the universal museum
2000.hel.fi : Helsinki a European city of culture in 2000 : a city of living culture
Expressing politics through visual theatre : analysis of contemporary visual theatre artists from Post-Soviet countries
Making cultural cities in Asia : mobility, assemblage, and the politics of aspirational urbanism
The spirit of the game : navigational aids for the next century
Estonia gravitates towards Sweden : nordic identity and activist regionalism in world war I
Cultural capital : the rise and fall of creative Britain
Cultural politics : global, local and national
In other words : essays in cultural politics
The presence of the past in politics : "1956" after 1956 in Hungary
Cultural policy in the Sudan
The limits of neoliberalism : authority, sovereignty and the logic of competition
Development of Finnish cultural policy : an outline
Cultural policies in the Nordic Countries : past development, present problems and future perspectives
Hallyu : influence of Korean popular culture in Asia and beyond
Cultural policy in the Netherlands : report of a European group of experts
Armonia o disordine per la cultura in Europa? : l'impatto del mercato unico e del trattato di Maastricht = Harmony or confusion for culture in Europe? The impact of the single market and of the Maastricht treaty
Economics of culture and trends in financing
Doing business in China
Cultural autonomy in Estonia : a relevant paradigm for the post-Soviet era?
Culturelink : network of networks for research and cooperation in cultural development
Cultural policy in Slovenia : national report
Sound alliances : indigenous peoples, cultural politics, and popular music in the Pacific
A Sociohistorical View of Cultural Policies
Culture in, for and as sustainable development : conclusions from the COST Action IS1007 investigating cultural sustainability
Disability, culture, and development : a case study of Japanese children at school
Asia : cultural politics in the global age
Sounding out heritage : cultural politics and the social practice of quan họ folk song in northern Vietnam
Cultural policy in Finland
The wider benefits of investment in cultural heritage : case studies in Bosnia and Herzegovina and Serbia
Propaganda : the instrument of the communist regime in Czechoslovakia 1948-1953
Education and culture 2004 : Ministry of Education annual report
Values in sport : elitism, nationalism, gender equality and the scientific manufacture of winners
Cultural policy in the Russian Federation
Gas station or shrine : what does culture want to mean to Europe?
Cultural policy in Croatia : national report
Making it home : Europe and the politics of culture
Making meaning, making money : Directions for the arts and cultural industries in the creative age
Towards creation of a traditions archive and documentation centre within The Ministry of National Culture and Youth, Tanzania : Jipemoyo project : final report
Biopolitical screens : image, power, and the neoliberal brain
New structures and means of cultural cooperation : expert meeting, 8 and 9 October 1999, Vaasa, Finland : final report
Autonomy for the national museums and the museum services in the Netherlands : background and documentation = La privatisation des musees nationaux et des institutions auxiliaires aus Pays-Pas : justifications et documents = Verselbständigung der staatlichen Museen und andere Museumsdiensstellen in den Niederlanden : hintergründe und dokumente
United in diversity : cultural policy and its dimensions
Cultural policy in the Netherlands
Culture matters in Russia - and everywhere : backdrop for the Russia-Ukraine conflict
European programme of national cultural policy reviews : comparative study
Culture - future force : report on the futures of culture
Here's looking at you : Hollywood, film & politics
What is a museum?
A handbook for plastic artists
Swedish state cultural policy : objectives, measures and results : a report
The tango machine : musical culture in the age of expediency
The emergence of cultural studies : adult education, cultural politics and the 'english' question
Cultural perspectives on higher education
Strategic assessment of development of the Arctic : assessment conducted for the European Union
Indigenous education : language, culture and identity
Transnational perspectives on culture, policy, and education : redirecting cultural studies in neoliberal times
The politics of culture and other essays
Cultural policy in Jordan
A critical analysis of the autonomy of art in Finnish cultural policy 1978-2011
The economics of cultural policy
Culture and cultural development are now internationally recognised as important dimensions of contemporary governance and public policy. The production of accurate and relevant data has become central to cultural policy and how the cultural lives of citizens are understood. Conceptual and practical developments in measurement tools, such as cultural indicators, have the potential to enrich our understanding of culture's role in wellbeing, vitality and citizenship. From UNESCO's benchmarks for cultural freedom to comparative measures of provision and creative cities indices, diverse approaches to quantifying culture and tracking progress now exist. But how useful are all these measures? Are they helping us to keep track of what matters? What opportunities exist to contest, refine or democratise these systems of measurement? Making culture count brings together diverse perspectives from scholars, policy-makers and creative practitioners to explore the burgeoning field of cultural measurement and its political implications.
Essays on current account imbalances
The emerging creative indurstries in Southeastern Europe : collection of papers from the course on "Managing cultural transitions: Southeastern Europe - the impact of creative industries, Inter-University Centre, Dubrovnik, 8-15 May 2005
Decentralisation and cultural democracy
Cultural research in Europe 1996
Truth, justice, and the American way? : the popular geopolitics of American identity in contemporary superhero comics
The global politics of celebrity humanitarianism
A comprehensive history of how the conflicts and balances of power in the Maoist revolutionary campaigns from 1951 to 1979 complicated and diversified the meanings of films, this book offers a discursive study of the development of early PRC cinema. Wang closely investigates how film artists, Communist Party authorities, cultural bureaucrats, critics, and audiences negotiated, competed, and struggled with each other for the power to decide how to use films and how their extensively different, agonistic, and antagonistic power strategies created an ever-changing discursive network of meaning in cinema.
A collection of essays that present an analysis of cultural politics in Turkey, arguing that the dominant cliched dualities of East/West and secular/sacred mask a reality of silence, repression and return. Offering a review of the culture, politics and literature in Turkey, it analyses the cultural aspects of Turkey.
Philosophical and cultural interpretations of Russian modernisation
Cultural Diversity Programmes : Challenges and Solutions in Scandinavia
Cultural entrepreneurship : an introduction to arts management
Some aspects of French cultural policy
From barriers to bridges : remagining Croatian cultural policy : report of a European group of experts
History after apartheid : visual culture and public memory in a democratic South Africa
eCulture: the European perspective : cultural policy, creative industries, information lag : proceedings form the round table meeting, Zagreb, 24-27 April 2003
International cultural policies and power
Sharing diversity : Culture as a Resource for Future Europe.Cultural Policy and its Dimensions in Four European Countries: Bulgaria, Finland, Germany and Poland
Decentralisation : trends in European cultural policies
How art becomes history : essays on art, society and culture in post-New Deal America
The new cultural climate in Turkey : living in a shop window
What is worthy in climate politics? : justifying moral claims in the french media and civil society
Indian theatre : theatre of origin, theatre of freedom
Greetings, Pushkin! : Stalinist cultural politics and the Russian national bard
Discourse : studies in the cultural politics of education
Universal declaration on cultural diversity : a vision, a conceptual platform, a pool of ideas for implementation, a new paradigm
The American political process
Swedish cultural policy
Cultural policy in France
Museum policy on immigrants
Queens Consort, Cultural Transfer and European Politics examines the roles that queens consort played in dynastic politics and cultural transfer between their natal and marital courts during the sixteenth, seventeenth, and eighteenth centuries. This collection of essays analyses the part that these queens played in European politics, showing how hard and soft power, high politics and cultural influences, cannot be strictly separated. It shows that the root of these consorts' power lay in their dynastic networks and the extent to which they cultivated them. The consorts studied in this book come from territories such as Austria, Braunschweig, Hanover, Poland, Portugal, Prussia and Saxony and travel to, among other places, Britain, Naples, Russia, Spain and Sweden. The various chapters address different types of cultural manifestation, among them collecting, portraiture, panegyric poetry, libraries, theatre and festivals, learning, genealogical literature and architecture. The volume significantly shifts the direction of scholarship by moving beyond a focus on individual historical women to consider 'queens consort' as a category, making it valuable reading for students and scholars of early modern gender and political history.
Description and analysis of Austrian cultural policy : Austrian national report : final version
Planning for equal opportunities in the cultural sector of society
Cultural policy and management in the United Kingdom : proceedings of an international symposium
Globalization on the line : culture, capital, and citizenship at U.S. borders
Making culture count : the politics of cultural measurement
Cinema in service of the state : perspectives on East German and Czech film culture, 1945-1960
Cultural competence : new technologies, culture & employment : proceedings of the conference in Linz, 1-3 October 1998
In from the margins : a contribution to the debate on culture and development in Europe
Cultural policy decision-making and administration
Creative nation : commonwealth cultural policy October 1994.
State composers and the red courtiers : music, ideology, and politics in the Soviet 1930s
Things done change : the cultural politics of recent Black artists in Britain
1993 - The challenge for the arts : reflections on British culture in Europe in the context of the Single Market and Maastricht
Saturday night or Sunday morning? : from arts to industry - new forms of cultural policy
2000.hel.fi : [Helsinki European city of culture] : ohjelma=program=programme
The long way home : the meanings and values of repatriation
Towards a theory of political art : cultural politics of 'Black Wave' film in Yugoslavia, 1963-1972
Culture and the city : creativity, tourism, leisure
Cultural policy in Japan
The creative industries : culture and policy
Representations and logics of cultural policy
Cultural policy and cultural diversity : challenges and solutions in Scandinavia
Health and social impact of culture
"This book examines Japanese cultural beliefs about disability and related socialization practices as they impact the experiences of elementary school-aged children. Physical and mental conditions which impair children's functioning are universal issues impacting child welfare and educational systems around the world. While the American approach is well understood and represented in the literature, cultures differ in which physical and mental conditions are considered 'disabling'. Currently, the Japanese educational system is in transition as public schools implement formal special education services for children with developmental disabilities. 'Developmental disabilities' is a new term used by Japanese educators to categorize a variety of relatively minor social and cognitive conditions caused by neurologically based deficits: learning disabilities such as dyslexia, ADHD, and Asperger's Syndrome. Children who were once considered 'difficult' or 'slow learners' are now considered to be 'disabled' and in need of special services. This transition created an excellent opportunity to explore Japanese beliefs about disability that might otherwise have remained unexamined by participants, and how these evolving beliefs and new socialization and educational practices impact children's experiences"--
Collecting, ordering, governing : anthropology, museums, and liberal government
Cultural policy in the German Democratic Republic
Cultural policy in Poland
The new Tsar : the rise and reign of Vladimir Putin
Fast food nation : the dark side of the all-American meal
Cultural diplomacy and cultural imperialism : European perspective(s)
Cultural routes management : from theory to practice : step-by-step guide to the Council of Europe cultural routes
Culture shock : tolerance, respect, understanding ...and museums : summary
Packaging life : cultures of the everyday
Essentials of organizational behavior
Creative Britain
Indigenous film as a tool for developing and maintaining indigenous culture and identity : how do indigenous films and indigenous film festivals as non-governmental organisations develop and maintain indigenous culture and identity?
Journal of Inner and East Asian Studies
Philosophy as cultural politics
Cultural policy in Bulgaria : report of a European panel of examiners
The international journal of cultural policy
Enabling the creators : arts and cultural management and the challenge of social inclusion
Cultural diversity programmes : challenges and solutions in Scandinavia
A companion to the anthropology of Europe
Managing cultural development and cultural policies in new democracies : the case of the Baltic states
Encountering the changing Barents : research challenges and opportunities
Swedish cultural policy in the 20th century
American film and politics from Reagan to Bush Jr
Not with a bang but a whimper : the politics and culture of decline
Cultural policy in the Netherlands : national report
Abstract: The debate over expertice in cultural policy.
Cultural policy in Estonia : national report
Ireland (Ulster) Scotland : concepts, contexts, comparisons
Northern insights : feminist inquiries into politics of place, knowledge and agency
"What was "Creative Britain"? Was it the "golden age" that Tony Blair vaunted in 2007, or a neoliberal nirvana? In the twenty-first century, culture--the visual and performing arts, museums and galleries, the creative industries--have become ever more important to governments, to the economy, and to how people live. Cultural historian Robert Hewison shows how, from Cool Britannia and the Millennium Dome to the Olympics and beyond, Creative Britain rose from the desert of Thatcherism only to fall into the slough of New Labour's managerialism"--
National cultural policy in Sweden : report of a European group of experts
Expert Meeting on the Development of Cultural Policies in Europe : Finlandia Hall, Helsinki, Finland, December 8-12, 1980 : final report
Media culture : cultural studies, identity and politics between the modern and the postmodern
Cultural policy is changing. Traditionally, cultural policies have been concerned with providing financial support for the arts, for cultural heritage and for institutions such as museums and galleries. In recent years, around the world, interest has grown in the creative industries as a source of innovation and economic dynamism. This book argues that an understanding of the nature of both the economic and the cultural value created by the cultural sector is essential to good policy-making. The book is the first comprehensive account of the application of economic theory and analysis to the broad field of cultural policy. It deals with general principles of policy-making in the cultural arena as seen from an economic point of view, and goes on to examine a range of specific cultural policy areas, including the arts, heritage, the cultural industries, urban development, tourism, education, trade, cultural diversity, economic development, intellectual property and cultural statistics.
This book discusses how public cultural policies can relate to the principle political issue of democracy. Here, democratic cultural policies include ideas and ideologies, institutional structures, agents and interests, power, access and participation and distribution of economic resources. Contributors focus on analysing the relationship between a political system and culture and the arts as an empirical field. They critically consider questions such as: How do different democratic forms affect cultural policy consequences? Can cultural autonomy be combined with cultural democracy? How is cultural policy-making used as a political process and which interests are involved? What position does popular culture have in cultural policies? How does a former Soviet state like Lithuania handle the question of culture and democracy? What does it mean when UNESCO talks about cultural diversity? How did intellectuals act in cultural policy debates in France in the late 19th century? The volume also looks at whether the democratisation of culture is actually possible.
Exhibiting Europe in museums : transnational networks, collections, narratives and representations
Like the sound of a drum : aboriginal cultural politics in Denendeh and Nunavut
A Companion to the Anthropology of Europe offers a survey of contemporary Europeanist anthropology and European ethnology, and a guide to emerging trends in this geographical field of research. Providing a synthesis of the different traditions and contemporary approaches, the book is both thematic and fully cross-European in its approach.
Cultural revolution in Russia 1928-1931
Since its intellectual inception in the 1930s and its political emergence in the 1970s, neo-liberalism has sought to disenchant politics by replacing it with economics. This agenda-setting text examines the efforts and failures of economic experts to make government and public life amenable to measurement, and to re-model society and state in terms of competition. In particular, it explores the practical use of economic techniques and conventions by policy-makers, politicians, regulators and judges and how these practices are being adapted to the perceived failings of the neoliberal model. By picking apart the defining contradiction that arises from the conflation of economics and politics, this book asks: to what extent can economics provide government legitimacy?
When Cultural Policies Change : comparing Mexico and Argetina
Revolutionary cycles in Chinese cinema, 1951-1979
Sammandrag. - Abstract.
