http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1361 folk poetry (lyric poetry)
folk poetry (lyric poetry)
Oirat people : cultural uniformity and diversification
The pre- and Proto-historic Finns : both eastern and western with magic songs of the West Finns : in two volumes. Vol. 2
Contemporary legend : a folklore bibliography
The Indian's book : an offering by the American Indians of Indian lore, musical and narrative, to form a record of the songs and legends of their race
British goblins: the realm of faerie
The unwritten song :  poetry of the primitive and traditional peoples of the world. Volume I : The far North, Africa, Indonesia, Melanesia, Australia
Folk literature of the Nivaklé Indians
Celtic folk-tales from Armorica
The ballad of tradition
Legendary tales of the Australian aborigines
Oral tradition and written record in classical Athens
Tendencies in modern folk narrative research
Folk literature of the Chamacoco Indians
Asian highlands perspectives. 1
Tales of the Punjab : told by the people
Forms of folklore in Africa : narrative, poetic, gnomic, dramatic
The Old Norse poetic form stikki
Folk literature of the Toba indians.. Vol. 2
In his final book, the late A. T. Hatto analyses the Khanty epic tradition in Siberia on the basis of eighteen texts of Khanty oral heroic epic poems recorded and edited by a succession of Hungarian and Russian scholars in the nineteenth and twentieth centuries. The book examines the world view of an indigenous culture as reconstructed from its own words, demonstrates a flexible outline for organising an analytical dossier of the genre of oral heroic epic poetry in a specific culture, and presents an abundance of new information to compare with better-known heroic epics. Consisting of main sections on The Cosmos, Time, The Seasons, Geography, Spirits, Personae, Warfare, Armour and Weapons, and Men's Handiwork, the book also includes a section of background information on the Khanty people. Marianne Bakro-Nagy contributes specialist knowledge of the Khanty language to the linguistic interpretation of the texts, and there is an afterword by Daniel Prior.
Studies in Irish and Scandinavian folktales
All the people's sorrow : making a concert of laments
The Ingrian lamenter as psychopomp
Folklore, literature, and cultural theory : collected essays
Firefly in the night : a study of ancient Mexican poetry and symbolism
"Man is the measure of all things" : the system of kennings as a tangible object
Picturing the otherworld : imagination in the study of oral poetry
Mimekor Yisrael : classical Jewish folktales. Volume 3
Ina Laman : documents of oral traditions in Gwad Laman collected in the Gwoza Area of Borno State, Nigeria
Tales of the North American Indians
The way to rainy mountain
Finding Arthur : the true origins of the once and future King
Mimekor Yisrael : classical Jewish folktales. Volume 1
Finnish-american folklore : quantitative and qualitative analysis
Pop goes the weasel : the secret meanings of nursery rhymes
Folk tales of Bihar
Icelandic histories & romances
Visions and beliefs in the west of Ireland
Oral poetry : its nature, significance and social context
A study of Eastern Moroccan fairy tales
The Malay Islāmic Ḥikāyat
The study of folklore
The art of being Kuna : layers of meaning among the Kuna of Panama
Min ha-mabua : (from the fountainhead) : forty four folktales collected by the "Mabuim" school-pupils
Homeric contexts : neoanalysis and the interpretation of oral poetry
Folklore of Wales
The pregnant man
Homer's traditional art : John Miles Foley
The Narts : the heroic epos of the Karachay and Balkar people
Warming your hands with moonlight : Lavrung Tibetan oral traditions and culture
Folklore and the sea
The best of African folklore
Folklore of Himachal Pradesh
Fables from Africa
W. B. Yeats and the tribes of Danu : three views of Ireland's fairies
Medieval folklore : an encyclopedia of myths, legends, tales, beliefs, and customs. Vvolume 2, L-Z
Mongol oral narratives : gods, tricksters, heroes & horses
Folk culture in the digital age : the emergent dynamics of human interaction
Yākka Sālēre Kathe : Tulu texts of Dravidian folk poetry from the south of India
Our people's own (Ina Laman) : traditions and specimens of oral literature from Gwad Laman speaking peoples in the Southern Lake Chad Basin in Central Africa
Geerarsa folksong as the Oromo national literature : a study of ethnography, folklore, and folklife in the context of the Ethiopian colonization of Oromia
Irish tales of mystery and magic
Popular beliefs and folklore tradition in Siberia
Cross rhythms. Vol. 3, Papers in African folklore
Mantinades in Crete : a tradition of rhyming couplets as a poetic language
How can you tell who's talking? - transitions between direct speech and narration in Vambarljóð
Mules and men
Poetry of the Baxtiārīs : love poems, wedding songs, lullabies, laments
Serbo-Croatian heroic songs. 14, Bihaćka Krajina: epics from Bihać, Cazin, and Kulen Vakuf
An annotated collection of Mongolian riddles
Selections from the Kalevala
Trickster makes this world : mischief, myth, and art
Extraordinary mode of singing by Finlanders
Icelandic folktales : a classic collection of authentic Icelandic tales of the supernatural
Fingal's cave, the poems of Ossian and Celtic Christianity
Mimekor Yisrael : classical Jewish folktales. Volume 2
Folktales and society : story-telling in a Hungarian peasant community
A bibliography of North American folklore and folksong. Vol. 2, The American Indians north of Mexico, including the Eskimos
The trickster in West Africa : a study of mythic irony and sacred delight
A bibliography of North American folklore and folksong. Vol. 1, The American people north of Mexico, including Canada
Mythology of the Norse gods : myths and legends of the Nordic world
Spirit of the North : shamanistic traditions of Kamchatka in dance and music : Schamanictisc Traditionen Kamtschatkas in Tanz und Musik
The black cloth : a collection of African folktales
Folk literature of South American Indians : general index
Folktales of the Kxoe in the west Caprivi
The Barefoot book of songs for survival
The world of the Khanty epic hero-princes : an exploration of a Siberian oral tradition : based on eighteen Khanty heroic epic poems
Folk literature of the Warao Indians : narrative material and motif content
Writing Jewish culture : paradoxes in ethnography
Materials for the study of the Ainu language and folklore
Poetry's voice, society's song : Ottoman lyric poetry
Nanang : I Taguwasi anna I Innawagan = (Epic : Taguwasi and Innawagan) : an Agta Negrito epic
English abstracts.
Âkutskij geroičeskij èpos olonho : problemy perevoda : materialy naučno-praktičeskogo seminara na russkom i anglijskom âzykah "Problemy perevoda âkustkogo geroičeskogo èposa olonho", Âkutsk, 21 fevralâ 2012 g. = Yakut heroic epos of olonkho : problems of translation
Women's voices in a man's world : women and the pastoral tradition in Northern Somali orature, c. 1899-1980
Folklore, legends and spells : [rural traditions in lore and legend, witchcraft and spells]
Folktales from India : a selection of oral tales from twenty-two languages
This paper evaluates the limited evidence of a particular Old Norse poetic form called stikki, identified, or potentially identified, in only five sources. These sources are critically reviewed in order to  assess what, if any, generalisations can be made about stikki poetry.
Kalevala 1835-1985 : the national epic of Finland
10 best Arthurian legends ever!
Finnish folklore atlas
The presentation of ancient Germanic poetry - looking for parallels : a note on the presentation of Finnish runos
The past we share : The Near Eastern ancestry of Western folk literature
Folk tales of Nepal : first series
The Frank C. Brown collection of North Carolina folklore : the folklore of North Carolina collected by Dr. Frank C. Brown during the years 1912 to 1943 in collaboration with the North Carolina Folklore Society
Forecasting the rain of Óðinn : referentiel ambiguity in kennings referring to POETRY
The tradition of Icelandic sagnakvæði
Interperformative relationships in Ingrian oral poetry
African poetry : an anthology of traditional African poems
Living language : vitalinguatextum resonances between Beowulf and the Kalevala
Deep down in the jungle... : Negro narrative folklore from the streets of Philadelphia
This article advocates a reassessment of imagination in the study of oral poetry, theorizing imagination as a tool for research. It addresses imagination's role in constructing unseen worlds through oral poetry, which dialogically  structures understandings of the experiential world. It argues for a unified approach to imagination operating in mythic and other discourses. Kalevala-metre poetry provides an illustrative case..
Magicians and fairies
The types of the Irish folktale
Nabati poetry : the oral poetry of Arabia
NIF publications
Deschiderea cerurilor într-un mit platonic şi în Mioriţa = The opening of the skies in a Platonic myth and in Mioritza ballad
The unwritten song : poetry of the primitive and traditional peoples of the world. Volume 2 : Micronesia, Polynesia, Asia, North America, Central America, South America
Technicians of the sacred : a range of poetries from Africa, America, Asia, Europe & Oceania
Advances in the study of balto-finnic folk poetry
"Alex Haley, author of the phenomenal best-seller Roots, reconstructed his family's past with the aid of a griot, an African oral historian/musician/diplomat/advisor (among many other roles). The well-illustrated Griots and Griottes is the first comprehensive portrait of the world of this profession, starting with its discovery by the outside world in 1352 by a North African traveler up to the present. Based on over 30 years of research and travel in Africa, Griots and Griottes tells the story of these remarkable wordsmiths and performers."--Publisher's website.
Folklore of Bihar
The legend of Sigurd and Gudrun
Heelloy : modern poetry and songs of the Somali
Crimean Roma : language and folklore
Although it is commonplace in scholarship today to talk about a 'system' of kennings or 'kenning system', critical discussion has tended to take the qualification 'system' for granted and left this topic  unexplored. The present paper presents a study of extended kennings which reveals that the systemic network of kennings have different referents. It shows that kennings for MAN / WARRIOR are at the  center of this network.
Yoruba myths
Selected papers on folklore : published on the occasion of his 70th birthday
Unangam ungiikangin kayux tunusangin = Unangam uniikangis ama tunuzangis = Aleut tales and narratives
Bengali and Japanese folk rhymes - a comparative study in oral tradition
Bantu myths and other tales
Indonezijcy i ih sosedi : Festschrift E. V. Revunenkovoj i A. K. Ogloblinu = Indonesians and their neighbours : Festschrift for Elena V. Revunenkova and Alexander K. Ogloblin
The Kalevala : the epic poem of Finland into English in two volumes
Speaking with pictures : folk art and the narrative tradition in India
Bylina and fairy tale : the origins of Russian heroic poetry
On the performance of the Finnish folk runes
Arthur the king
The fairy tale : the magic mirror of the imagination
Specimens of Bantu folklore from Northern Rhodesia : texts (collected with the help of the Phonograph) and English translations
The Maldives are mainly known as an equatorial tourist paradise to the south of India but some will know the archipelago risks drowning owing to global warming. Far less is known about the people, who have occupied these islands for millennia but whose deep indigenous culture is today under threat from a multitude of external forces.This volume is a collection of 80 traditional short stories and legends selected from the large corpus of stories in the local oral tradition, and translated and illustrated by the author who is the foremost authority on the language and anthropology of the Maldives. These folk tales offer keen insights both into the history, culture and beliefs of the people of the Maldives and into the world they live in. The close relationship the Maldivians have with their environment is clear, likewise the syncretic nature of their Islamic faith, the tales bustling with spirits, sorcerers and monsters as well as local people, seabirds, etc. Would-be travellers to the Maldives will find this a unique insight into the real country behind the tourist brochures. For scholars, the folk tales and analytical material offer a wonderful literary/folklore resource as well as fresh perspectives on the effects of globalization. --Provided by publisher.
The oral style
Lemminkäinen's demonic quest and the Finnish code
Cosmogonic themes in the Finnish Kalevala epic and Vedic Indian hymns
Folk tales of the Maldives
European folk ballads
The Odyssey : structure, narration, and meaning
African folklore : an encyclopedia
Indian serpent-lore, or, The Nāgas in Hindu legend and art
On the comparative method in folklore research
Orality, literacy and performance in the ancient world
Jonathan draws the long bow : New England popular tales and legends : Richard M. Dorson
American folklore and legend
The tripartite ideology and the Kalevala
The Estonian Folklore Archives
The pre- and Proto-historic Finns : both eastern and western with magic songs of the West Finns : in two volumes. Vol. 1
Trickster and hero : two characters in the oral and written traditions of the world
Tales of the Punjab : folklore of India
Folklore and folklife : a guide to English-language reference sources. Volume 2
Mythic discourses : studies in Uralic traditions
FF Network : for the Folklore Fellows
Igbo traditional verse
Griots and griottes : masters of words and music
The Windmill Book of Ballads : Beowulf the Warrior and other Poems
Tales from the igloo
Gattungsstrukturen der Volksdichtung der finnisch-ugrischen Völker = Žanrovaja struktura narodnoi poezii finno-ugorskih narodov = The structure of the literary genres in finno-ugric folk poetry = A finnugor népek népköltészetének műfajstruktúrái
Studies in Finnic-Slavic folklore relations : Selected papers
Snow people (Chukchee)
Udeghe (Udihe) folk tales
Indigenous Australian voices : a reader
The Munda world : Hoffmann commemoration volume
The fairy tradition in Britain
Word, sound, image : the life of the Tamil text
Kalevala : the epic of the Finns
Malay myths and legends
