http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13642 commodities
commodities commercial products
Risk management in commodity markets : from shipping to agriculturals and energy
Launching a new restaurant concept in the Tampere area : case company: Seppo Koskinen Ravintolat Oy
Why did electronic B2B marketplaces fail? : case study of an agricultural commodity exchange
The next big investment boom : learn the secrets of investing from a master and how to profit from commodities
Commodity price driven risk management from viewpoint of high grade steel alloys
Symbolic inputs : positional, reference and publicity goods
Paying for progress : a new politics of tax for public spending
Shaping medieval markets : the organisation of commodity markets in Holland, c. 1200-c. 1450
The mathematics of money management : risk analysis techniques for traders
Market control : report for the year 1994
This is a posthumous collection of essays in political philosophy by G.A. Cohen. Part I asks what egalitarians have most reason to equalize. Part II considers the relationship between freedom and property. Part III reflects upon ideal theory and political practice.
The real exchange rate and prices of traded goods in OECD countries
Topics in public economics : theoretical and applied analysis
What I learned losing a million dollars
Engaging with capitalism : cases from Oceania
Taxation in a global economy
Commodification : things, agency, and identities ; (the social life of things revisited)
Production of commodities by means of commodities : prelude to a critique of economic theory
On the currency of egalitarian justice, and other essays in political philosophy
The resource sector in an open economy
Microeconomics
Thomas' stowage : the properties and stowage of cargoes
Resource extraction and market structure
FAO commodity studies
A geography of commodities
VAR modelling in commodities : Brent crude oil, wheat and the Swiss franc
The Blackwell cultural economy reader
How lifestyle products became rooted in the Finnish consumer market : domestication of jeans, chewing gum, sunglasses and cigarettes
On the commodity trail : the journey of a bargain store product from east to west
Theory of production : a long-period analysis
1000 extra/ordinary objects
Public goods : theories and evidence
The effects of customization on capital goods manufacturig business
The measurement of durable goods prices
Deconstructing product design : exploring the form, function, usability,sustainability, and commercial success of 100 amazing products
Global rice and agricultural trade liberalisation : poverty and welfare implications for South Asia
Integral logistic structures : developing customer-oriented goods flows
Consumer purchases of major durables
Integrated advanced logistics for freight transport : report prepared by an OECD Scientific Expert Group
Impact of world commodity prices on developing countries
Technical analysis of the financial markets : a comprehensive guide to trading methods and applications
Communication and the transformation of economics : essays in information, public policy, and political economy
Human factors and ergonomics in consumer product design : methods and techniques
A history of everyday things in England. Volume 1, 1066 to 1499
Studies on money and labour market dynamics and goods market imperfections
Transport and logistics
Using cheap-talk as a test of validity in choice experiments
Making things better : a workbook on ritual, cultural values, and environmental behavior
Water under threat
Exchange rates, interest rates  and commodity prices
The formation of resource allocation strategy of the firm and the underlying performance related mechanisms : an empirical study of Finnish consumer goods trade
Global goods : international cooperation in the 21st century
Product life cycle assessments : principles and methodology
Commodity derivatives : markets and applications
Consuming life
Essays in the economics of knowledge
Internal market : current status in 1 January 1993. Vol. 4, A new Community standards policy : the new approach in harmonization, motor vehicles, tractors and agricultural machinery, foodstuffs, pharmaceutical products, construction, other areas
Day-of-the-week effects in the agricultural futures market
Diversification benefits of commodity investments : evidence from Finnish stock market
Modeling, valuation and risk management of commodity derivatives
Design connections : knowledge, value and involvement through design
Multifunctional agriculture : implications for policy design
Intermarket technical analysis : trading strategies for the global stock, bond, commodity and currency markets
Recommendations for the compatible stacking of crates
Executive summary.
Conflicting legitimations and pressures in performance measurement adoption, use and change in Finnish municipalities
Simulating and forecasting the demand for new consumer durables
Sales channel strategy for domestic and international expansion : case: Company Z
This thesis was made as a case study for a Finnish company that operates internationally around the world. The company produces various paper products. The objective of the thesis was to find out successful ways of marketing and branding bulk products. Moreover, the thesis represents four successful cases of bulky product branding strategies and benchmarks to them. Bulk products, or in other words commodities, are products that are often traded in bulk amounts and produced worldwide by several different producers (see specific definitions of the most used words in glossary). This thesis was conducted as a desktop study. To achieve the desired outcome, the theory was structured by finding information from both literally and from Internet sources. The theory has been examined from multiple sources and viewpoints and brought into practice by benchmarking to four successful case studies. The case studies represent four real-life cases of commodity marketing: wine, toilet paper, water and coffee. Afterwards a cross-case analysis represents the main points that lead the companies or brands to success. According to the benchmarked cases, humor in branding, design, exclusiveness and cooperation with partners are the factors that make commodity marketing successful. The results state, that commodity products can be marketed and branded in a relatively similar way, as “normal” goods. The final part of the thesis represents concrete suggestions on how the case company could proceed in order to reach their goals. The suggestions cover humor usage, cooperation with partners (such as famous designers, bakeries, catering companies), focus on packaging and layout. The main findings of the study show that there is an enormous amount of information available and unfortunately, a clear path cannot be found. Commodity marketing, as marketing itself is a wide topic and every brand needs to find their own way of doing it, in order to differentiate from the others and be successful. The provided results are seen to be practical and give some ideas for the case company.
New commodities and consumer behaviour
Seeds of wealth : four plants that made men rich
The CRB commodity yearbook 2006
FAO commodities and trade technical paper
Concurrent engineering approach to plastic optics design
The theory of externalities, public goods and club goods
Introducing globalization : ties, tension, and uneven integration
In Making Things Better, A. David Napier demonstrates how anthropological description of non-Western exchange practices and beliefs can be a tonic for contemporary economic systems in which our impersonal relationship to "things" transforms the animate elements of social life into inanimate sets of commodities. Such a fundamental transformation, Napier suggests, makes us automatons in globally integrated social circuits that generate a cast of a winners and losers engaged in hostile competition for wealth and power. Our impersonal relations to "things"-and to people as well-are so ingrained in our being, we take them for granted as we sleepwalk through routine life. Like the surrealist artists of the 1920s who, through their art, poetry, films, and photography, fought a valiant battle against mind-numbing conformity, Napier provides exercises and practica designed to shock the reader from their wakeful sleep. These demonstrate powerfully the positively integrative social effects of more socially entangled, non-Western orientations to "things" and to "people." His arguments also have implications for the rights and legal status of indigenous peoples, which are drawn out in the course of the book.
Stochastic convenience yield model in pricing commodity futures
The no-nonsense guide to international development
Bundled sales as self-selection devise
The limits to satisfaction : an essay on the problem of needs and commodities
Unit Price : a modern method for consumer price information
Uncovering the hidden harvest : valuation methods for woodland and forest resources
Commodity models for forecasting and policy analysis
Is the income elasticity of environmental improvements less than one?
How hits happen : forecasting predictability in a chaotic marketplace
Essays on environmental benefits and hypothetical markets
The culture of planned obsolescence in technology companies
Dynamic commodity models : specification, estimation, and simulation
Understanding business markets : interaction, relationships and networks
Intermediate microeconomics : a modern approach
Consumer product safety standards and conformity assessment : issues in a global marketplace
Modelling long-run relationship between spot and future prices of different commodities
Justice, institutions, and luck : the site, ground, and scope of equality
Interaction perspective in business marketing : an exploratory contingency framework
Standard industrial classification manual 1987
Branding and marketing of bulky products: case study for a case company
Should customer voice be heard? : The acquisition and significance of customer information in new sports product development
Economics of knowledge
The next big investiment boom : learn the secrets of investing from master and how to profit from commodities
Entangled concepts : the mutual implication of commodity and gift in Melanesia
Abstract:.
Speculation, hedging and commodity price forecasts
Consumer electronics for engineers
A social and economic theory of consumption
The observational research handbook : understanding how consumers live with your product
Design for environmental sustainability
Why has Africa become a net food importer : explaining Africa agricultural and food trade deficits
The living forest : non-market benefits of forestry : proceedings of an International Symposium on Non-Market Benefits of Forestry held in Edinburgh, 24-28 June 1996, organised by the Forestry Commission
Portfolio management formulas : mathematical trading methods for the futures, options, and stock markets
