http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1363 folk poems
folk poems
The Mary of women's epics
Lonely riders of Nenets mythology and shamanism
Behind the text : reconstructing the voice of a singer
The real middle-earth : magic and mystery in the dark ages
Songs of the border people : genre, reflexivity, and performance in Karelian oral poetry
Albanian folk verse : structure and genre
The presentation of ancient Germanic poetry - looking for parallels : a note on the presentation of Finnish runos
Lyric poems from the Kanteletar
A tale-type index of Australian Aboriginal oral narratives
Narrative singing in Ireland : lays, ballads, come-all-yes and other songs
Kalevala : from myth to symbol
Estonian folk music layers in the context of ethnic relation
The Kalevala : an epic poem after oral tradition by Elias Lönnrot
"In vain I tried to tell you" : essays in Native American ethnopoetics
Beowulf : a new translation
An Lorg nam Bàrd = In the footsteps of the bards
Goddesses unknown I : Njǫrun and the sister-wife of Njǫrðr
Contributions to the study of contemporary folklore in Croatia = (Prilozi proučavanju suvremenog folklora u Hrvatskoj)
On the vowel euphony in Finnic alliterative folksongs
Interperformative relationships in Ingrian oral poetry
Ob-Ugric metrics : the metrical structure of Ostyak and Vogul folk-poetry
On the case of Vambarljóð II : register and mode from skaldic verse to sagnakvæði
Register in oral traditional phraseology
The three boys and other Buddhist folktales from Tibet
Ukrainian otherlands : diaspora, homeland, and folk imagination in the twentieth century
Song of Mulan : a folksong of the Northern Dynasties
The unwritten song : poetry of the primitive and traditional peoples of the world. Volume 2 : Micronesia, Polynesia, Asia, North America, Central America, South America
Extraordinary mode of singing by Finlanders
A trail for singers : Finnish folk poetry : epic
Three Russian lyric folk song meters
Lila Abu-Lughod lived with a community of Bedouins in the Western Desert of Egypt for nearly two years, studying gender relations and the oral lyric poetry through which women and young men express personal feelings. The poems are haunting, the evocation of emotional life vivid. But her analysis also reveals how deeply implicated poetry and sentiment are in the play of power and the maintenance of a system of social hierarchy. What begins as a puzzle about a single poetic genre becomes a reflection on the politics of sentiment and the relationship between ideology and human experience.
G. J. Ramstedt as a recorder of Khalkha epics
The growth of literature. 2
Sigvatr Þórðarson's Vestrfaravísu and Cnut the Great's conquest of Norway in 1028
This article presents the results of the metrical analysis of Estonian regilaul. The results demonstrate that the meter of oral poetry is subject to variation and should not be treated as a static and petrified phenomenon. The choice of methodology for the analysis of meter in a metrically variable oral tradition is also discussed.
Kalevala : the land of the heroes. Vol. 1
The wedding of Mustajbey's son Bećirbey : as performed by Halil Bajgorić
Kuningamäng ['King Game'] : an echo of a prehistoric ritual of power in Estonia
This article advocates a reassessment of imagination in the study of oral poetry, theorizing imagination as a tool for research. It addresses imagination's role in constructing unseen worlds through oral poetry, which dialogically  structures understandings of the experiential world. It argues for a unified approach to imagination operating in mythic and other discourses. Kalevala-metre poetry provides an illustrative case..
Typology of Estonian runo-tunes : experiment and some results
The uses of tradition : a comparative enquiry into the nature, uses and functions of oral poetry in the Balkans, the Baltic, and Africa
"Do not, folk of the future, bring up a child crookedly!" : moral intervention and other textual practices by Elias Lönnrot
The Spanish traditional lyric
Untangling the Bramble briar : a structural approach
The Garnett book of Russian folk and anonymous verse
Runola, forgotten rival of Kalevala
Kalevalaic and Karelian singing tradition
Elias Lönnrot's editorial strategies in charm episodes of the Kalevala
Ispûgmi kirnik vaha rakhîza = Sound the bells, O moon, arise and shine : a collection of Pashto proverbs and tappas
The memorial feast for Kökötöy-Khan (Kökötöydün Aši) : a Kirghiz epic poem
Piispa Henrikin surmavirsi : Suomalaisen Kirjallisuuden Seuran kansanrunousarkiston vanhin käsikirjoitus = The ballad of the death of bishop Henry : the oldest manuscript in the Folklore Archives of the Finnish Literature Society
The Kalevala
The (de)construction of mythic ethnography I : is every þurs in verse a þurs?
Flower and song : poems of the Aztec Peoples
How can you tell who's talking? - transitions between direct speech and narration in Vambarljóð
Regional variation in folkloric meter : the case of Estonian runosong
Finnish : the land and language of heroes
Piispa Henrikin surmavirsi : Suomalaisen kirjallisuuden seuran kansanrunousarkiston vanhin käsikirjoitus = The ballad of the death of Bishop Henry : the oldest manuscript in the Folklore Archives of the Finnish Literature Society
Corpus of Soqotri oral literature. Volume 1
Interpretations of the making and role of epics
Oral poetry and field work in a Viena Karelian setting : Folklore Fellows' Summer School 2007 in Kuhmo and Vuokkiniemi
The canine Kalevala
The singer resumes the tale
Multimodal register and performance arena in Ingrian oral poetry
The linguist in the field : Kai Donner's collections from Siberian languages
Folklore and literature in the United States : an annotated bibliography of studies of folklore in American literature
Serf songs in Ingrian folk poetry
Ghouls and monsters
Deschiderea cerurilor într-un mit platonic şi în Mioriţa = The opening of the skies in a Platonic myth and in Mioritza ballad
The tales of Ise
Words of wisdom from the Vikings
The magic songs of the Finns : sung since the time immemorial
The maiden of the Buhong sky : a complete song from the Bagobo folk epic Tuwaang
The concept of the world creation in Karelian epic songs
Disenchantments : an anthology of modern fairy tale poetry
The unwritten song :  poetry of the primitive and traditional peoples of the world. Volume I : The far North, Africa, Indonesia, Melanesia, Australia
Retrospective methods in dating post-medieval rigmarole-verses from the North Atlantic
Forecasting the rain of Óðinn : referentiel ambiguity in kennings referring to POETRY
Serbo-Croatian heroic songs. 14, Bihaćka Krajina: epics from Bihać, Cazin, and Kulen Vakuf
Grips and ties : agency, uncertainty, and the problem of suffering in North Karelia
The SKVR database of ancient poems of the Finnish people in Kalevala meter and the semantic Kalevala
I will sing of what I know : fifty lyrics, ritual songs and ballads from the Kanteletar
The sagas of Icelanders
Lundaye : Pashto folk couplets
The singer and the song
Songs of Gods, songs of humans : the epic tradition of the Ainu
The Old Norse poetic form stikki
Patterns of folklore
The Mahabharata : [the text has been adapted from the original]
On the case of Vambarljóð I : comments on formulaicity in the sagnakvæði
Great synty in Kalevaic and lament poetry
This paper evaluates the limited evidence of a particular Old Norse poetic form called stikki, identified, or potentially identified, in only five sources. These sources are critically reviewed in order to  assess what, if any, generalisations can be made about stikki poetry.
Databases and digital corpora in the field of folk poetry research reappraisal of the nineteenth-century folklore collections = Datubāzses un digitā̄li krājumi tautas dzejas pētījumu novērtēšanas laukā 19. gs. folkloras krājumiem
Picturing the otherworld : imagination in the study of oral poetry
Love and lamentation in Greek oral poetry
The Kalevala : an epic poem after oral tradition
Kalevala's Kullervo sequence : a tragedy of hope
The tradition of Icelandic sagnakvæði
Shapeshifters : tales from Ovid's Metamorphoses
Stability in musical improvisation : a repertoire of Icelandic epic songs (rímur)
Although it is commonplace in scholarship today to talk about a 'system' of kennings or 'kenning system', critical discussion has tended to take the qualification 'system' for granted and left this topic  unexplored. The present paper presents a study of extended kennings which reveals that the systemic network of kennings have different referents. It shows that kennings for MAN / WARRIOR are at the  center of this network.
Where is Saint George? : pagan imagery in English folksong
Marko the Prince : Serbo-Croat heroic songs
"Man is the measure of all things" : the system of kennings as a tangible object
How the Holy Cross was found : from event to medieval legend
Veiled sentiments : honor and poetry in a Bedouin society
The songs of the bear in hunt rituals, in the Old and New Kalevala
Heelloy : modern poetry and songs of the Somali
Poetic formulas in late medieval Icelandic folk poetry : : the case of  Vamb̂arljóð
Kalevalaic heroic epic and the Viking Age in Finland
Vicissitudes in publishing the ancient poetry of the Finnish people
Degrees of well-formedness : the formula principle in the analysis of oral-poetic meters
Boundaries of the text : epic performances in South and Southeast Asia
