http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13672 research policy
research policy
Human resource management for agricultural research : review of an experience
Cultural perspectives on higher education
Forestry research in Eastern and Southern Africa : based on a contribution to the World Bank's Sub-Saharan Africa Agricultural Research Review, 1986
Investing in research : an action plan for Europe : communication from the Commission to the Council, the European Parliament, the European Economic and Social Committee and the Committee of the Regions
The plant sciences : now and in the coming decade
Governance of the European research area : giving society a key to the lab
Assessing the European Union science diplomacy towards India 2009-2013 : from an experimental pilot initiative into a political dialogue
Promoting research integrity in a global environment / editors: Tony Mayer, Nicholas Steneck
Design studio : how humans can work together to make sense of complex challenges
A methodological framework for ISNAR reviews of National Agricultural Research Systems (NARS)
The reform of R&D system in Estonia
Finnish programme for centres of excellence in research
Human capital and mobility : annual report 1994/95. Volume 2, Life siences, Earth sciences, Engineering sciences, Economic, social and human sciences, Large-scale facilities
Programme of Work for 1988
Evaluation fundamentals : guiding health programs, research, and policy
Guide to information on European Union research funding
Stakeholder relations in macro-regional science cooperation : case study : Stakeholder analysis for BONUS joint research and development programme
Organization and structure of Arab National Agricultural Research Systems (NARS)
The research mission of the university : policy reforms and institutional response
Public-private partnership in scientific research : a framework for evaluation
Hera conference report : present into future : the role of humanities in foresight exercises, Helsinki, November 2006.
Finnish yearbook of political thought. 2003, vol. 7.
Censoring science : inside the political attack on Dr. James Hansen and the truth of global warming
Suomen Akatemian strategia 2003 = Finlands Akademis strategi 2003 = Academy of Finland strategy 2003.
Exploring the dynamics of multilingualism : the DYLAN project
In this article, the geographical transformation of the Finnish manufacturing sector since the 1970s is analysed. Changes in manufacturing employment by municipalities are used as central indicators of the transformation. The urban-rural shift, deindustralisation, and emergence of the new economy have all occurred during the last three decades.A trend surface analysis indicates that manufacturing employment increased all over the country in the 1970s. The growth was higher the more northern and eastern the municipality's location. This pattern was conformable to the goals of the Finnish regional policy of the 1970s. Deindustrialisation plagued the economy from the early 1980s to the mid-1990s, and its negative labour force impacts were focused especially on the southern mature industrial cities. The industrial policy of the 1980s was without much result. Finally, the crisis of the early 1990s ruined a considerable part of industrial performance everywhere in the country. The era of telecommunications-driven economic growth in the 1990s led to the geographical pattern of growing employment in few urban areas and some localities adjacent to cities. The long, vigorous growth period (up to the year 2001), comparable with the growth of the late 1960s and early 1970s, diffused to rural municipalities, but the geographical pattern of this boom was oriented more towards the west and south than in the 1970s.
Mind, society and behavior
Directing technology : policies for promotion and control
Abstract.
A rhetoric of reduction : Bertrand de Jouvenel's pure theory of politics as persuasion
Research in art and design in Finnish universities (2004-2007) : [evaluation report]
Finnish yearbook of political thought. 1998, vol. 2.
Social researching : politics, problems, practice
Legitimating aid : donors and policy making in the rural water supply and sanitation sector in Nepal
The effect of government subsidies on private R&D : evidence from georgraphic variation in support program funding
In-depth study : research capacity building in Bangladesh, Burkina Faso, Kenya, Tanzania
We investigate the evolution of Finnish science policy and its impact on universities and scientific research. Finnish research is currently enjoying far greater international visibility, impact, and esteem than previously. The role of universities in society has broadened. Apart from their traditional tasks of research and teaching, universities have established closer links with business and responded to regional needs. A number of national reforms carried out in the 1990s launched a heated debate between universities and public authorities. Contested topics include the 'centre of excellence' policy, large-scale research programmes, and graduate schools. These reforms injected new dynamism into Finnish universities, but created new challenges as well. The structure of university research funding changed significantly during the 1990s. In real terms, research expenditure covered from Government budget sources increased by 17 percent, while external, often competitive funding increased by twofold. We believe that this dependency on outside funding may make research more short-sighted and vulnerable over the long run. In order to maintain the quality of Finnish research, science policy ought to be anchored to the needs of universities and scientific research more firmly than during the 1990s and budget funding ought to be increased. These actions would guarantee a more stable development of scientific enterprise and thus strenghten the positive socio-economic impact of research on regions and on society as a whole.
Emotional and ethical challenges for field research in Africa : the story behind the findings
Science, technology, and the economic future
The Road to Parenthood: Income and First Births in Sweden
Vade-mecum of Community research promotion
Towards a knowledge based society : European multimedia research
Science, technology, and the issues of the eighties : policy outlook
The changing position of the universities in the science and technology system and the problems of evaluating academic research
Gendering the militarisation of war on terrorism : discourses and representations of masculinities and femininities
Summary of conclusions (s. 4-6).
Security studies : an introduction
Assessment of the Finnish Innovation Policy Environment : the view of SMEs practising International R&D
Transformation of higher education in innovation systems in China and Finland
Determinants of institutional care at older ages in Finland
Research policy 1988-1995
Social climate of forest bioenergy development in China among forestry stakeholders
Displacement of politics
Reformative Finland : research and innovation policy review 2015-2020
Helsingin yliopiston tutkimuspoliittinen ohjelma 2004-2006 = Helsingfors universitets forskningspolitiska program 2004-2006 = University of Helsinki research policy 2004-2006
Finnish yearbook of political thought. 2001, vol. 5.
Genetically modified food and the consumer
Organization and structure of National Agricultural Research Systems in anglophone sub-Saharan Africa
Innovation, imitation, growth, and capital market imperfections
Governing the blue-green Baltic Sea : societal challenges of marine eutrophication prevention
The European research area partnership : 2008 initiatives
Global research strategy and international competitiveness
Joint Research Centre : annual report 2006
The world health report 1998 : life in the 21st century, a vision for all
Gendering citizenship in Western Europe : new challenges for citizenship research in a cross-national context
Climate confusion : how global warming hysteria leads to bad science, pandering politicians and misguided policies that hurt the poor
From social silence to social science : same-sex sexuality, HIV & AIDS and gender in South Africa : conference proceedings
University research performance : influence of funding competition, policy steering and micro-level factors
Valtion ympäristötieteellinen toimikunta 1983-1985 = The research council for environmental sciences 1983-1985
Summary (s. 15-21).
"From social silence to social science: same-sex sexuality, HIV & AIDS and gender in South Africa presents a unique and innovative effort to examine what we know about homosexual transmission of HIV and AIDS in South Africa. It reverses the trend whereby categories of same sex sexual practice are almost always excluded from research of HIV and AIDS, as well as from care and intervention programmes. The varied contributors (academics, activists and programme planners) draw attention to the risk behaviours and treatment needs of people who engage in homosexual sex, and explain why same-sex sexuality has to be seen as key within South African efforts to study, test and prevent HIV infection. Relevant to scholarly debates about HIV and AIDS, it is also essential reading for anyone involved in research, policymaking, advocacy and community development"--Publisher Website.
Reconfiguring knowledge production : changing authority relationships in the sciences and their consequences for intellectual innovation
The law of the sea : marine scientific research : a guide to the implementation of the relevant provisions of the United Nations convention of the law of the sea
From welfare to innovation : STI policies under the spotlight
A theory of coordination and its implications on EU structural policy : a comparative study of the challenges for coordination in structurel funds in Finland, Ireland, and Sweden
Theme : Current developments in pharmaceutical policy and services in Finland
The politics of research
Programme of work for 1991 : 1992 and beyond : new opportunities for action to improve living and working conditions in Europe
Decentralizing agricultural research management : the case of the regional consortia in the Philippines
Survey on the current status of research into 'ageing' in Europe
Suomen Akatemian linja 2000 = Finlands Akademis linje 2000 = The Academy of Finland's forward look 2000.
Politicising parenthood in Scandinavia : gender relations in welfare states
ICT cluster study Helsinki region
Neutron beams and synchrotron radiation sources
Politics and the Twitter revolution : how tweets influence the relationship between political leaders and the public
International R&D cooperation in the EU : a solution to the technological disadvantages of small national economies?
Governing future technologies : nanotechnology and the rise of an assessment regime
Communication research trends
Megascience policy issues
Optimal technology policy with imitation and risk-averting households
Human capital and mobility : annual report 1994/95. Volume 1, Mathematics and information sciences, Physics, Chemistry
Academic and industrial research cooperation in Europe : report
Finnish yearbook of political thought. 2002, vol. 6.
The politics of world politics
Optimising research programmes and priorities : report of the ERA Expert Group
The concept of the political on the world stage
Unemployment and employment policy at the local level : a comparative case study
PISA06 Finland : analyses, reflections and explanations
Forestry research : a mandate for change
Social science and government : policies and problems
This paper considers the effect of income on the risk of having the first births in Sweden from 1968 to 2009. Variations by gender are given particular atention. The study follows men and women from the moment they turn 18 until they enter parenthood and it is based on register-based data covering the entire population of Sweden. Complementary log-log models show that there is a positive association between income and the risk of childbearing. The association gets stronger over time and the differences between men and women diminish. Gender differences appear when the income effect is related to the demand for work in the economy. An income above the median does not increase the risk of childbearing for women when the demand for work is relatively high.
Storylines : politics, history and narrative from an Arendtian perspective
Domestication of international comparisons : the role of the OECD Programme for International Student Assessment (PISA) in Finnish education policy
Environmental monitoring in Finland 2009-2012
OECD reviews of innovation policy : New Zealand
Evaluation of technical research and development : experience of practices and methods in the Nordic countries
Strategic planning for National Agricultural Research Systems : an overview
Can peace research make peace? : lessons in academic diplomacy
Reagan's mythical America : towards a narrative theory of prophetic politics
A forward look
Health registers as a source of data for research and policy making
Managing blue gold : new perspectives on water security in the Levantine Middle East
Political science and chinese political studies : the state of the field
David Bell and Kate Oakley survey the major debates emerging in cultural policy research, adopting an approach based on spatial scale to explore cultural policy in cities, nations and internationally. They contextualise these discussions with an exploration of what both 'culture' and 'policy' mean when they are joined together as cultural policy. Drawing on topical examples and contemporary research, as well as their own experience in both academia and in consultancy, Bell and Oakley urge readers to think critically about the project of cultural policy as it is currently being played out around the world. Cultural Policy is a comprehensive and readable book that provides a lively, up-to-date overview of key debates in cultural policy, making it ideal for students of media and cultural studies, creative and cultural industries, and arts management.
Agricultural research policy : international quantitative perspectives
Arctic Europe : bringing together the EU arctic policy and Nordic cooperation
”Hope is the last thing to die in life” : mapping out the needs and hopes of dump pickers in Maputo as a part of a process of empowerment
Government and research : thirty years of evolution
Programme for the development of biotechnology and molecular biology for the years 1988-1992 : summary
Towards a new creative and innovative Europe
Research on health research : proceedings of the European Symposium organized under the auspices of the European Medical Research Councils, Sept. 6-8, 1979, Espoo
Designing and implementing policies related to career management skills (CMS) : brief summary
Consultancy and research in international education : the new dynamics
The European Community's research policy
Science policy and research in Finland
Chemistry research in Finland 2005-2009 : evaluation report
OECD reviews of innovation policy : Switzerland
A new deal for an effective European research policy : the design and impacts of the 7th Framework Programme
Strengthening the quality assurance and evidence-base for lifelong guidance : brief summary
Cultural politics - queer reading
Overview of the organisation and structure of National Agricultural Research Systems in Asia
Research and development in the Administrative Sector of the Ministry of Social Affairs and Health
The management of large-scale forestry research programs and projects : proceedings of a meeting of IUFRO subject group S6.06, Management of forestry research April 17-19, 1989 Alice Holt Lodge, Farnham, England
Russian intelligence gathering for domestic R&D : short cut or dead end for modernisation?
Policy research in educational settings : contested terrain
Towards a European research area
The global politics of celebrity humanitarianism
The fourth framework programme
Redescriptions : yearbook of political thought, conceptual history and feminist theory. 2012/2013, vol. 16
Technology foresight in a power-oriented strategy for change : conclusions after the Romanian technology foresight exercise
The European foresight monitoring network : collection of EFMN briefs. Pt. 1
Spatial turns of manufacturing since 1970.
Indigenous responses to neocolonialist policies : “stop the political games!”
Feminist political togetherness : rethinking the collective dimension of feminist politics
The European Research Council
Programme of work for 1990 : 1992 and beyond : new opportunities for action to improve living and working conditions in Europe
Responsiveness of Finnish science and technology institutions to environmental change
Framework programmes for research (1994-98) and their implementation
Despite the prevalence of government research and development (R&D) support programs, evaluation studies based on explicit differences in support allocation are rare. In this article the identification of the causal effect of government support on private R&D effort is based on regional differences in eligibility for European Union Regional Development Funds (ERDF) determined by the population-density rule. Our data is constructed by linking a broad R&D survey to administrative data on all R&D support applications in Finland over the years 2000-2006. We find evidence that the support program has induced additional private R&D among the participants who entered it as a result of higher funding in their region. Among this group one subsidy euro induced additional R&D worth at least 1.5 euro.
Education, training and research in the information society : a national strategy
Finnish programme for centres of excellence in research 2002-2007
Creative R & D leadership : insights from Japan
The state and quality of scientific research in Finland 2009
The state and quality of scientific research in Finland : a review of scientific research and its environment in the late 1990's
Statistics Finland : main lines of research and development in 2000-2003
How to respond to the needs of working parents has become a pressing social policy issue in contemporary Western Europe. This book highlights the politicising of parenthood in the Scandinavian welfare states - focusing on the relationship between parents and the state, and the ongoing renegotiations between the public and the private. Drawing on new empirical research, leading Scandinavian academics provide an up-to-date record and critical synthesis of Nordic work-family reforms since the 1990s. A broad range of policies targeting working parents is examined including: the expansion of childcare services as a social right; parental leave; cash benefits for childcare; and working hours regulations. The book also explores policy discourses, scrutinises outcomes, and highlights the similarities and differences between Nordic countries through analysis of comparative statistical data and national case studies. Set in the context of economic restructuring and the growing influence of neo-liberal ideology, each chapter addresses concerns about the impact of policies on the gender relations of parenthood. "Politicising Parenthood in Scandinavia" is a timely contribution to ongoing policy debates on welfare state models, parenthood and gender equality. It will be of particular interest to students and teachers of welfare studies, family policy and gender studies.
This book is about the process and, more generally, about the opportunities that peace research and the teaching of conflict resolution can offer academic diplomacy. As such the book is both an empirical and a theoretical project. While it aims at being the most comprehensive analysis of the conflict in West Kalimantan, it also launches a new theoretical approach, neo-pragmatism, and offers lessons for the prevention of conflicts elsewhere. While being based on the classical pragmatist theories of truth and explanation, the approach developed in this book incorporates the complications to social science theory caused by the 'discovery' of socially constructed realities, and concepts such as speech acts. Yet, instead of just theorizing speech acts and social constructs, the theoretical mission is to offer pragmatic, detailed, concrete prescriptions of what to do to deconstruct realities that threaten peace by the means available for research and scholars of peace.
The role of the private sector in forestry research : recent developments in industrialized countries
Internationalisation of Finnish scientific research
Programme of work for 1992 : 1992 and beyond: new opportunities for action to improve living and working conditions in Europe
OECD reviews of innovation policy : Luxembourg
Astronomy
Abstract: Notes on the comparative study of microstates.
Reading films through political classics : genres of politics in popular cultures
Plant science in Finland 2005-2009 : evaluation report
Innovation tomorrow : innovation policy and the regulatory framework : making innovation an integral part of the broader structural agenda
Science and society : action plan
China's science and technology sector and the forces of globalisation
Contextual determinants of electoral system choice : a macro-comparative study 1945-2003
Capacity-building in science and technology in the third world : problems, isuues, and strategies
Oxford handbook of public health practice
Politics and the Twitter Revolution: How Tweets Influence the Relationship between Political Leaders and the Public by John H. Parmelee and Shannon L. Bichard is the first comprehensive examination of how Twitter is used politically. Surveys and in-depth interviews with political Twitter users answer several important questions, including: Who follows the political leaders on Twitter, and why? How persuasive are political tweets? Is political Twitter use good for democracy? These and other questions are answered from theoretical perspectives, such as uses and gratifications, word-of-mouth communication, selective exposure, innovation characteristics, and the continuity-discontinuity framework. In addition, content analysis and frame analysis illustrate how political leaders' tweets frame their policies and personalities. The findings in Politics and the Twitter Revolution show Twitter to be surprisingly influential on political discourse. Twitter has caused major changes in how people engage politically. Followers regularly take actions that are requested in leaders' tweets, and, in many cases, leaders' tweets shape followers' political views more than friends and family. Other findings raise concerns. For some, Twitter use contributes to political polarization, and there is frequently a disconnect between what followers expect from leaders on Twitter and what those leaders are giving them.
This is a collectively written, inter-disciplinary, thematic cross-national study which combines conceptual, theoretical, empirical and policy material in an ambitious and innovative way to explore a key concept in contemporary European political, policy and academic debates. The first part of the book clarifies the various ways that the concept of citizenship has developed historically and is understood today in a range of Western European welfare states. It elaborates on the contemporary framing of debates and struggles around citizenship. This provides a framework for three policy studies, looking at: migration and multiculturalism; the care of young children; and home-based childcare and transnational dynamics. The book is unusual in weaving together the topics of migration and childcare and in studying these issues together within a gendered citizenship framework. It also demonstrates the value of a multi-level conceptualisation of citizenship, stretching from the domestic sphere through the national and European levels to the global. The book is aimed at students of social policy, sociology, European studies, women's studies and politics and at researchers/scholars/policy analysts in the areas of: citizenship; gender; welfare states; and, migration.
Nursing and caring sciences : evaluation report
Problems and solutions "decentralizing" National Agricultural Research Systems
New universities and regional context : papers from an international seminar held at Sundsvall, Sweden, 14-18 June, 1992
Science and power : the historical foundations of research policies in Europe : a conference organised by the Istitutio e Museo di Storia della Scienza (Firenze, Italy), Firenze, 8-10 December 1994
The distant present
Russian security policy : research in Finland and development trends in Russia.
Research after Maastricht: an assessment, a strategy : Communication from the Commission to the Council and the European Parliament (SEC(92) 682 final)
A brief history of European Union research policy
Science shops : knowledge for the community
Finland's research clusters : important assets for a new member of the European Union
The future for social policy in a global context : why the south now needs to take the lead
Finnish yearbook of political thought. 1999, vol. 3.
Critical perspectives on user involvement
The National Agricultural Research System in Malaysia
Finland : a knowledge-based society
The European community's research policy
Video games as new tools for political persuasion : web games of the Estonian Centre Party
21st century education : a reference handbook. Volume 1
Changing governance of research and technology policy : the European research area
Joint technology initiatives : public-private partnerships in EU research
Modernising vocational education and training : fourth report on vocational training research in Europe : background report. Vol. 2
Northern insights : feminist inquiries into politics of place, knowledge and agency
Organization and management of agricultural research in sub-Saharan Africa : recent experience and future direction
Report of the International Symposium "Science and Technology Legislation for Europe in Transition : the Role of Governments and Parliaments" : May 17-19, 1993, Certosa di Pontignano, Siena, Italy
Innovating beyond racial capitalism : a contribution towards the analysis of the political economy of post-apartheid South Africa
OECD reviews of innovation policy : China
The triple helix : university-industry-government innovation in action
This book analyses higher education from cultural perspectives and also to reflect on the uses of intellectual devices developed in the cultural studies of higher education over the last decades. The first part of the book presents fresh perspectives to integrate cultural studies in higher education with wider societal processes. Professor William G. Tierney speaks about trust and culture in higher education, whereas Professor Imanol Ordorika opens a political perspective to higher education institutions. The second part of the book studies the internal life of higher education. Relying on a variety of cultural perspectives, the chapters explore the actual day-to-day practices taking place in higher education, ranging from student socialisation, student consumerism, tensions in combining academic and market-oriented targets in knowledge production to the formation of academic identities in different disciplinary and organisational cultures. The focus in the third part of the book is to use cultural perspectives developed in previous studies on disciplinary and organisational cultures as a framework to understand a variety of processes and reforms taking place at the institutional level of high education. The chapters in this part of the book analyse the Bologna Process, the evolution of scientific fields in American universities, organisational cultures in Chinese post-merger universities, and doctoral education and cooperation with industry.
Inclusion : the politics of difference in medical research
COST projects : collected agreements concluded within the framework of European cooperation in the field of scientific and technical research
Concern over the future of the nation : a discourse analytical study on changes in Russian demographic policy in the years 2000-2010
World social science report : knowledge divides
OECD reviews of innovation policy : South Africa
Review of the Foundation's work 1985-92 and its implications for women
The future of the research university : proceedings of an international workshop sponsored by the Israel Academy of Sciences and Humanities and the Planning and Budgeting Committee of the Israel Council for Higher Education, Jerusalem, June 1-3, 1999
Capabilities for innovation activities : impact study
Tekes, the Finnish Funding Agency for Technology and Innovation, is the most important  public financier for research, development and innovation in Finland. Tekes's achievement of its objectives is monitored through impact analyses and studies. This report describes how Tekes has succeeded in building capabilities for innovation activities, which is one of its key objectives. This objective is also strongly linked with those associated with competence base and internationalization of innovation activities. The given assignment was especially challenging because there are no proven methodologies available to measure the impact of public financed actions in capability building. Capabilities for innovation cannot be easily quantified but have to be observed  indirectly. Thus establishing valid causal relationship is difficult and measuring the development of innovation capabilities is prone to misinterpretations. The study was carried out by doctor Johan Wallin and his team at Synocus Ltd. A great deal of their work, as well as discussions at the steering group, was devoted to developing a conceptual model for understanding the role of development activities in innovation capability building. The evaluation team succeeded in producing a conceptual framework that serves well the evaluation of the Tekes's operations impact. The applied methodology might provide a useful tool for future analyses of innovation policy impact as well.
Arctic yearbook
Programme of work for 1989 : 1992 and beyond : new opportunities for action to improve living and working conditions in Europe
What about cultural policy? : interdisciplinary perspectives on culture and politics
Encountering the changing Barents : research challenges and opportunities
Computer science research in Finland 2000-2006 : international evaluation
Science, technology and innovation policies. Denmark
A framework for research on the human dimensions of global environmental change
Forestry in Namibia 1850-1990
Central and Eastern European media in comparative perspective : politics, economy and culture
The averaged American : surveys, citizens, and the making of a mass public
Lectio praecursoria: Environmental policy evaluation concepts exemplified in the context of the European Unions strategy for better regulation
Structural linkages for integrating agricultural research and extension
The research programme of the Central Pension Security Institute
Finnish yearbook of political thought. 1997.
Review of recent developments in science and technology in Hungary
Programme of Work for 1994
World science report. 1998.
A bibliometric study of Finnish science
Global change of planet earth : megascience
Finnish yearbook of political thought. 2000, vol. 4.
Genes for the future : discovery, ownership, access
Founded in 2007 to fund basic research, the European Research Council (ERC) has become the most revered instrument in European science policy and one of the world s most important focal points for the funding of scientific research. Its grants are much sought-after by researchers and scholars and it is widely considered to have had a major impact on research communities and institutions across Europe. How did this remarkable organization, the creation of which was widely regarded as a miracle , come into being, what has it achieved and how is it likely to adapt in the face of current and future challenges? This book is the first comprehensive history of the creation and development of the ERC. Drawing on first-hand knowledge, Thomas Konig gives a detailed account of how a group of strong-minded European scientists succeeded in creating the ERC by pushing for a single goal: more money for scientific research with fewer strings attached. But he also shows how this campaign would have failed had it not been taken up by skilful officials of the European Commission, who recognized the ERC as a way to gain more influence in shaping European science policy. Once established, the ERC developed a carefully crafted self-image that emphasized its reliance on peer review and its differences from all other EU research programmes.
The Commission's proposal for the 5th Framework Programme (1998-2002)
Regional and interregional cooperation to strengthen basic sciences in developing countries : Addis Ababa, 1-4 September 2009 : proceedings of an international conference organized by The International Science Programme (ISP), Uppsala University, Sweden, in association with The Swedish International Development Cooperation Agency (Sida) and Addis Ababa University (AAU), Ethiopia, and under the auspices of The African Union Commission (AUC)
Russian security policy : research in Finland and development trends in Russia
The politics and policies of reproductive agency
This is a practical guide to the practice of public health on a day-to-day basis. It is relevant to a graduate level public health professional in training working in an organisation which has responsibility for the health of a defined population. This edition contains an increased focus on quality of health care systems.
Russia 2030 based on contracts
Review 1990 : guidelines for science and technology policy in the 1990's
Abstract (s. 7).
Decentring & diversifying Southeast Asian studies : perspectives from the region
Our people : a tight-knit family under the same protective roof : a critical study of gendered conceptual metaphors at work in radical right populism
ERC grants : for top researchers from all the world
Abstract: Readin films through political classics.
Contesting childhood
INCO-DC international cooperation with developing countries (1994-1998) : funded projects (third call) : agriculture, natural resources
All or nothing : avoiding inefficient compromise in international cooperation
NEST : new and emerging science and technology: NEST what's next?
The university research system : the public policies of the home of scientists
Implementing Open Access mandates in Europe : OpenAIRE Study on the Development of Open Access Repository Communities in Europe
