http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13675 preliminary rulings
preliminary rulings
EU case law on income tax. Part 1
Building cultural intelligence (CQ) : nine megaskills
EC law : text, cases and materials
Processing personal data for journalistic purposes
Precedent in Finland - paradigm in transition
Law of the European Union
Procedural law of the European Union
Legal reasoning in context : the Court of Justice on articles 17 and 18 EC (20 and 21 TFEU) 2000-2008
EU law : text, cases, and materials
In recent years, remarkable progress has been made in behavioral research on a wide variety of topics, from behavioral finance, labor contracts, philanthropy, and the analysis of savings and poverty, to eyewitness identification and sentencing decisions, racism, sexism, health behaviors, and voting. Research findings have often been strikingly counterintuitive, with serious implications for public policymaking. In this book, experts in psychology, decision research, policy analysis, economics, political science, law, medicine, and philosophy explore major trends, principles, and general insights about human behavior in policy-relevant settings. Their work provides an understanding of the many drivers - cognitive, social, perceptual, motivational, and emotional - that guide behaviors in everyday settings. They give depth and insight into the methods of behavioral research, and highlight how this knowledge might influence the implementation of public policy for the improvement of society. This collection examines the policy relevance of behavioral science to our social and political lives, to issues ranging from health, environment, and nutrition, to dispute resolution, implicit racism, and false convictions. The book illuminates the relationship between behavioral findings and economic analyses, and calls attention to what policymakers might learn from this vast body of groundbreaking work. Wide-ranging investigation into people's motivations, abilities, attitudes, and perceptions finds that they differ in profound ways from what is typically assumed. The result is that public policy acquires even greater significance, since rather than merely facilitating the conduct of human affairs, policy actually shapes their trajectory. This is the first interdisciplinary look at behaviorally informed policymaking. It includes leading behavioral experts across the social sciences consider important policy problems.
The behavioral foundations of public policy
Between precedent and the present : re-thinking the precedential impact of preliminary rulings of the Court of Justice on national courts
The Court of Justice of the European Communities
The Laval and Viking cases : freedom of services and establishment v. industrial conflict in the European economic area and Russia
Plender and Usher's cases and materials on the law of the European Communities
Social psychology matters
The foundations of European Community law : an introduction to the constitutional and administrative law of the European Community
Article 177 EEC : experiences and problems
Services and free movement in EU law
References to the European Court
The European way : the structure of national court obligation under EC law
Preliminary references to the European Court of Justice
The role of preliminary rulings in the European communities
European Court of Justice legal reasoning in context
The Vaxholm case ad it's "solidarity lessons" from a Swedish and European perspective
Reasoning with rules and precedents : a computational model of legal analysis
The preliminary reference procedure according to article 234 of the Treaty of European Communities and the references made by the Finnish national courts
The Court of Last Instance in the framework of Article 234(3) EC and the Finnish Courts of Appeal
The European Court of Justice : practice and procedure
