http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13627 online learning
online learning
Collaborative learning, reasoning, and technology
Collaborative processes of sharing perspectives in web-based learning
Benchmarking e-learning in higher education : lessons learned from international projects
Content reusability in learning management systems : Priit Mägi
Adult education practices in the bachelor's Degree Programme in Business Information Systems
E-learning in the 21st century : a framework for research and practice
In search for the conceptual origin of university students' community in a confluence of on- and offline learning environments / ethnographies in technology-rich, multi-sited fields of study
Problem-based learning and e-learning methods in clinical practice
Integrated e-learning : implications for pedagogy, technology and organization
Emotional obstacles of e-learning
Furthering higher education possibilities through massive open online courses
Digital media in blended coaching : interaction and distance presence in adult education
The systemic cognition of e-learning success in internationally operating organizations
"A comprehensive look at the promise and potential of online learning In our digital age, students have dramatically new learning needs and must be prepared for the idea economy of the future. In Getting Smart, well-known global education expert Tom Vander Ark examines the facets of educational innovation in the United States and abroad. Vander Ark makes a convincing case for a blend of online and onsite learning, shares inspiring stories of schools and programs that effectively offer "personal digital learning" opportunities, and discusses what we need to do to remake our schools into "smart schools." Examines the innovation-driven world, discusses how to combine online and onsite learning, and reviews "smart tools" for learning Investigates the lives of learning professionals, outlines the new employment bargain, examines online universities and "smart schools" Makes the case for smart capital, advocates for policies that create better learning, studies smart cultures "--
Challenges posed to e-learning quality by   mobile   technologies
Autonomy in Beehive : a study of pupils' autonomous behaviour during a web project
The educational potential of e-portfolios : supporting personal development and reflective learning
Stakeholders' conceptions of learning in learning management systems development
Computer games and team and individual learning
The end of college : creating the future of learning and the university of everywhere
Increasing student engagement and retention using online learning activities : wikis, blogs and webquests
Creation of a virtual course
Fostering scientific habits of mind : pedagogical knowledge and best practices in science education
Professional learning in the digital age : the educator's guide to user-generated learning
M-libraries : libraries on the move to provide virtual access
Developing a pedagogical model for decentralized tourism education
Collaboration patterns in computer supported collaborative designing
The impact of e-learning programs on the internationalization of the university
Teaching with technologies : the essential guide
Spinning e-pedagogical nets : pedagogical development and experiments in higher education
Revolutionizing education through web-based instruction
Study Time - An Android Based Mobile Learning Application
Trailblazers or guinea pigs : a comparative study between two eLearning cources at Open University and Tampere Polytechnic
Neothemi : cultural heritage and ICT : theory & practice
An evaluation method for virtual learning applications
Mobile learning for expanding educational opportunities : workshop report
2011 Taiwan e-learning and digital archives program international conference
Learnability makes things click : a grounded theory approach to the software product evaluation
Case studies of learning objects used in school settings
The live e-learning cookbook : recipes for success
A practical guide to problem-based learning online
Online education using learning objects
Creating learning content management system using ASP.NET
Teaching Online: A Practical Guide, Third Edition is a practical, concise guide for educators teaching online. This updated edition has been fully revamped and reflects important changes that have occurred since the second edition's publication. A leader in the online field, this best- selling resource maintains its reader friendly tone and offers exceptional practical advice, new teaching examples, faculty interviews, and an updated resource section. The new features to This Edition include: new chapter on how faculty and instructional designers can work collaboratively; expanded chapter on Open Educational Resources, copyright, and intellectual property; more international relevance, with global examples and interviews with faculty in a wide variety of regions; and new interactive companion website that invites readers to post questions to the author, offers real-life case studies submitted by users, and includes an updated, online version of the resource section. Focusing on the 'how' and 'whys' of implementation rather than theory, this text is a must-have resource for anyone teaching online or for students enrolled in Distance Learning and Educational Technology Masters Programs.
Pedagogical Manuscript for Landscape Ecology Course
Social media in the middle of nowhere : NBE 2011 Conference
Disability and social media : global perspectives
Community arts projects and virtual learning environments : the need for web-based communication in Lapland and in the Barents region
Abstract: E-teaching administrative system. The aim of the project was to develop a web application that converts the traditional method of studying and cooking which was done physically in the presence of students into an electronic form that will enhance self-studies. The goal of the project owner was have a user friendly interface of a web application that emulates the traditional teaching method but requires little work to make teaching materials available to the end users. To be able to reach the target of the owner, various content management system platforms that organize all data and allow easy creation of new content and update of already existing ones were explored. This forms the base of which the project application is built. The choice of the content management platform was based first on my previous knowledge and then the preference of the owner. To gain full control of the system, a user must have the credentials to log in. The thesis focuses on how a login administrator can easily create new cooking recipe into the database and display them in the front page, delete and update content, and for all other users to add recipe ingredients to a shopping cart. E-teaching services have seen growth over the years which cannot be over-looked and as long as technology exists, the growth will continue. Various processes were followed and the outcome of the end product was satisfactory to the project owner.
Advanced topics in information resources management. Vol. 4
Massive Open Online Courses (MOOC) : a tool to complement pharmacy education?
Serious games and virtual worlds in education, professional development, and healthcare
E-learning in nursing
Planning the Implementation of Moodle eLearning system in some African institutions
MOOCs and higher education : implications for institutional research
"Naturally wired to learn" : beliefs about SLA in an online community
Mobile learning for instructional purpose in Nigeria : an exploratory analysis
Assessing teaching and students' meaningful learning processes in an e-learning course
Verkkokurssi raportointityökalusta Web Reporter R6.0 for Tellabs network manager R13A
Network-based education in focus : teachers' and students' conceptions about teaching and guidance process in the network-based learning environments
Media centre for e-learning : an application for implementing effective and high quality learning
The objectives of this thesis project are to (1) find out what information do clients need when they make investment decisions on e-learning courses, and (2) based on the need identified, help clients make decisions on e-learning course investments.  To meet the objectives, a decision was made to develop an on-line guide, that helps clients make decisions on e-learning course investments, and offers them practical tools, which help in the preparation of investment proposals. The theoretical framework and contextual focus of the study is based on client need, which was analysed during the study. A qualitative, interpretivist action research approach was applied in this study. Data-collection was done by "convergent interviewing" technique. The study focused on highly diverse and international client organisations, of which three are based in Finland and one in the USA. Persons who are responsible for e-learning in these organizations were chosen as informants. The thesis process was iterative with data-collection feeding the design efforts and vice versa. The four main themes that emerged are: 1. Why e-learning, 2. Costs and measures, 3. Building the foundation, and 4. Technological considerations. Literature review was carried out in each four themes mentioned above, and the content of the guide is based on the gathered information. Special attention was paid on the cost structures of different training options, whichaccording to client feedback is a challenging issue to understand for many. In addition to the actual guide, three practical tools were developed for a) comparing costs of different training options, b) evaluating e-learning vendors, and c) collecting relevant data and presenting a solid e-learning investment proposal (in the form of a business case). These tools can be downloaded from the on-line guide. Test-user feedback proves that there's increasing need for the guide and that the guide answers many questions of clients. The greatest value seems to be the tools, which according to feedback assist in the collection and presentation of relevant information to decision-makers. According to test-users the guide is user-friendly, versatile and it has a clear way of presentation. The guide has succeeded in the task of taking a more simple, practical and understandable approach to the e-learning investment agenda. Eventually, two main streams for further development of the guide were identified. The quality aspect of training should be studied further from the viewpoint of e-learning, and tools by which the quality aspects of e-learning solutions could be assessed should be included in the guide. The other stream of development focuses on how to improve the functionality and usability of the on-line guide and tools.
Discovering the training needs of field sales personnel to be implemented in e-learning on globel scale
Actual and Potential Pedagogical Use of Tablets in Schools
Towards adoption of e-learning technologies at Lappeenranta university of technology : understanding teachers' adoption of blackboard learning system
Collaborative knowledge construction in authentic school contexts
The paradigms of e-Education : an analysis of the communication structures in the research on information and communication technology integration in education in the years 2000-2001
Multichannel multi market media service business model evaluation and benchmark
Developing tools for analyzing CSCL process
Using e-learning with deaf learners
E-learning standards : a guide to purchasing, developing and deploying standards-conformant e-learning
Knowledge transfer across boundaries : a solution proposal
Analyzing and enhancing the image and content of online courses for non-Finnish students and non-Finnish courses at TAMK and amk.fi portal
Increasing student engagement and retention using social technologies : Facebook, e-portfolios and other social networking services
Information and communication technologies in tourism 2006 : proceedings of the international conference in Lausanne, Switzerland, 2006
eLearning status in Finland and eDegree programme in Lapland
Neothemi : cultural heritage and ICT, theory & practice
Abstract: The purpose of this thesis project was to design a plug-in, which integrates a locally installed Eclipse IDE with a remote exercise management system. The client of this project was Viope Solutions OY, an online based eLearning service provider company located in Helsinki Finland. The user groups of the service are students and individuals. This project was carried out using Eclipse plug-in Development Environment (PDE) and different programming technologies such as Java technology, Standard Widget Toolkit (SWT), and XML parsing. In this project there are three plug-in solutions such as: login, chapter and exercise selector,and exercise sender. Each plug-in solution has been integrated with client's already existing system, and tested using dummy data files. As a result, the requirements set for this project have been accomplished. Also additional features, such as enabling users to access exercises from Eclipse IDE main tool bar, were  realized. The plug-ins designed may be useful in facilitating the client's existing exercise handling process. However, only these solutions may not be enough to increase the productivity of the company. Therefore, it is recommended that additional plug-ins with multiple functionalities should be added in future.
E-learning 2.0 technologies and web applications in higher education
"Learning Theory and Online Technology offers a powerful overview of the current state of e-learning, a foundation of its historical roots and growth, and a framework for distinguishing among the major approaches to e-learning. It effectively addresses pedagogy (how to design an effective online environment for learning), evaluation (how to know that students are learning), and history (how past research can guide successful online teaching and learning outcomes). An ideal textbook for Educational Technology Masters, PhD, and Certificate programs, readers will find Learning Theory and Online Technology provides a synthesis of the key advances in e-learning theory, the key frameworks of research, and clearly links theory and research to successful learning practice".
Change process towards ICT supported teaching and learning
Learning through collaborative gaming : a process-oriented pedagogy?
Nutrition health project using an ICT-based learning environment : participatory action research in Eastern Finland
Information and communication technologies in tourism 2008 : proceedings of the International Conference in Innsbruck, Austria, 2008
The development, implementation and use of e-learning : critical realism and design science perspectives
Learning & teaching with technology : principles and practices
Reflections on creating an international virtual benchmarking model for authentic e-learning : crossing boundaries and breaking down barriers
Task-based language learning and teaching with technology
Teaching online : a guide to theory, research, and practice
Marketing plan : case study: HappyWise Trainer
Collaboration between students and experts in a virtual design studio
Understanding virtual universities
Students' expectations of the learning process in virtual reality and simulation-based learning environments
Client side collaboration of eLearning platform and integrated development environment
Designing pedagogical models for tourism education : focus on work-based mobile learning
Why Study Online in Upper Secondary School? Qualitative Analysis of Online Learning Experiences
Trends in European ICT-supported e-learning
Effective studies of pedagogical ethics with computers? A quasi-experimental process-product study of two learning modes
eLearning and organizational learning in vocational educational institutions
Modern approaches to digital learning : DDL project's results
An evaluation of the potential of e-coaching for riders
Evaluation report of the online course : online tutoring
Enterprise portals in e-learning
E-learning and XML - generating SCORM-conformant learning content automatically
Getting smart : how digital learning is changing the world
Synthetic worlds : emerging technologies in education and economics
Children's learning in a digital world
User and platform adaptation in web-based learning environments
Green ships - eco shipping - clean seas : the 12th Annual General Assembly, International Association of Maritime University, Gdynia, Poland, 12-14 June 2011
Progressive inquiry in computer-supported biology class
E-teaching administrative system
In recent years, technological advancements have enabled higher-learning institutions to offer millions of independent learners the opportunity to participate in open-access online courses. As this practice expands, drawing considerable media attention, questions continue to arise regarding pedagogical methodology and the long-term viability of open learning. Furthering Higher Education Possibilities through Massive Open Online Courses seeks to provide a space for discussion of MOOCs: what they mean for the learning process, how they are redefining the concept of a classroom, and what effects they may have on the role of teachers. Featuring emerging research on a variety of topics relating to distance education, informal learning, as well as educational costs and funding, this book is aimed at teachers, administrators, business professionals, and designers of both curricular resources and e-classroom technology.
Pedagogical manuscript for landscape ecology course
MMT2006 : methods, materials and tools for programming education : conference proceedings : 4.-5. May, Tampere, Finland
E-learning: from policies to programmes : report on national workshop: pilot course on e-learning policies : Colombo, Sri Lanka, May 17-24, 2006
Comparison of higher education student and teacher perceptions of e-learning
ArctiChildren InNet : empowering school eHealth model in the Barents Region
eHealth services and technology : challenges for co-development
ICT in education : reflections and perspectives
Decision-making support for e-learning investments : developing an on-line guide for client organisations
Distributed leadership collaboration factors to support idea generation in computer-supported collaborative e-learning
Copyright and e-learning : a guide for practitioners
Applying E-learning at a Company for Training Staff : Vinpearl one member limited company
Nowadays, digital solutions and social online interaction are commonly used for educational purposes. One of the pioneers who offers modern and innovative solutions for e-learning is Finnish company HappyWise Ltd. based in Oulu. Due to low resources and lack of know-how HappyWise Ltd needs support to the planning of marketing activities and therefore the authors implemented marketing plan for which market research about their e-learning programme HappyWise Trainer was conducted. Hence, the main aspect is marketing plan which includes various analyses e.g. about macro environment and competitors. Marketing mix will be outlined through 4 P’s: product, place, price and promotion. Based on these, marketing communications plan is discussed and recommendations are presented. Unfortunately the market research was unsuccessful resulting from practical part which is discussed more specifically later in this thesis. However, the marketing plan was successfully completed with the support of theoretical framework. Forthcoming step to HappyWise is to concentrate on essential marketing activities and consider having position in personnel focusing only on this.
Distance learning course on e-learning policies : course completion report 16 October 2006-12 January 2007, Tokyo, Japan
E-learning and education for sustainability
Moving Toward the Implementation of Contextualize Educational Technology
Nucleus model for designing social mindtools : woven stories
Approaches and Strategies in Next Generation Science Learning
Collaborative screen capture video based learning in information systems science
Powerful ICT tools for learning and teaching : conference programme and proceedings
eLearning : better eLearning for Europe
Documents research on the impact of computer games on the learning of adults. Computer games and learning are characterized from a series of different theoretical and empirical viewpoints. Both civilian sector and military applications are presented. While effectiveness of game environments to support learning can be documented in terms of intensity and longevity of engagement (participants voting with their time), as well as the commercial success of the games, there is much less solid empirical information about what instructional outcomes are systematically achieved by the playing of individual and multiplayer games. This book will address these issues.Designed for professionals in the gaming, simulation, assessment and evaluation, educational technology, and educational psychology communities, this book explores the state of the art in the use of computer game technology for teaching and measurement of learning in adults. Its unique focus is on the empirical impact, both qualitative and quantitative, of computer games on the learning of adults.
Analysing networked learning practices in higher education and continuing professional development
Evaluation report of the online course : design of online learning
International virtual teamwork offers new opportunities for the professional development of teachers. In this paper, we examine the initial experiences in an ongoing international virtual benchmarking project coordinated by the Finnish Online University of Applied Sciences. What challenges does an international context present for project construction and collaboration? Data from five countries, in the form of participant reflections and researchers' observations, were analysed according to four types of barriers: language, time, technical and mental barriers. Initial data indicates that trust is an essential starting point, as there is neither time nor possibilities to build mutual trust by traditional means. Organisational confidentiality issues, however, can complicate the situation. The project introduces 'collision' as a method of professional development, in which not only physical and organisational borders are crossed, but also mental barriers, as skills and competencies needed in global learning environments are acquired.
Learning and the e-generation
Developing health and social care professionals' competencies by using blened-learning methods
Computer-mediated  progressive inquiry in higher education
Rethinking pedagogy for digital age : designing and delivering e-learning
In Finland, online learning has become more common in recent years. In this study, we examined why adult students chose to study online for upper secondary school. The research also focused on the support needed for learning from a special education perspective. Both qualitative and quantitative data were collected using an electronic questionnaire. In total, 58 students responded. Data were analyzed qualitatively using the content analysis technique. The findings indicate that the main reasons for online studies are similar in Finland to those found internationally: flexibility of timetables, the student's health condition, and family situations. The findings also indicate that a student's school history leads them to choose online studies. This history included a lack of support, health issues, bullying, and too large class size. Suggested future research and practical implications also are discussed.
Social media in academia : networked scholars
Morale on digital literacy in the teaching : learning process in secondary schools in Kampala, Uganda
Creative steps 2.0 : step by step guidelines to business idea
Designing an automatic recommendation system for a web based social e-learning application
An accessible e-learning site for visually impaired persons
Developing innovation in online learning : an action research framework
Abstract: Designing an automatic recommendation system for a web based social e-learning application. The purpose of this study was to create a prototype of an automatic recommendation system to demonstrate how recommendation systems work, what the possible pitfalls are and how they can be avoided. The results were evaluated from Bitville's web based social learning application's point of view. First the concept of social e-learning is introduced. Then the technology and the taxonomy of the recommendation system are presented. Some of the mathematical tools that are the base of recommendation engines are introduced and it is shown how they can be used in applications. The outcome of the study was a working prototype that was built on the same programming framework as Bitville's social e-learning application, thus it can be incorporated. With the prototype it was proven that it is possible to build a recommendation engine that takes into account the ratings of the users for different content items and in this way bringing the social element into the recommendation process.
Learning theory and online technologies
Learning text talk online : collaborative learning in asynchronous text based discussion forums
Music adviser : emotion-driven music recommendation ecosystem
Preparing for blended e-learning
Collaborative web-based course to learn military English vocabulary on the FDFMoodle platform : how can collaboration based on the KATRIKS-model in military pedagogy be integrated into the course?
Knowledge management, information technology and learning in construction projects
Adult Education Practices in the Bachelor's Degree Programme in Business Information Systems
The changing faces of virtual education
Learning in virtual environments
Pedagogical design and pedagogical usability of web-based learning environments : comparative cultural implications from Africa and Europe
Development of virtual learning material
Going online : perspective on digital learning
Anomaly detection in wireless sensor networks
Handbook of online education
Patterns of participation and discourse in elementary students' computer-supported collaborative learning
Currently e-learning is considered an essential part of the everyday learning processes for both teachers and students in higher education. However, the learning results of e-learning are under debate and there is a growing critique on the efficiency and actual results of e-learning. In this paper we present our on-going work for exploring higher education students and teachers recent perceptions of their e-learning experiences, the usage of e-learning technologies and developing the learning process. Two surveys were conducted in order to investigate and compare the perceived advantages, challenges and needs for support among the students and teachers in higher education.  According to the results the perceived advantages of e-learning for both teachers and students were fairly similar. Flexibility in use of time and place were found as the most important benefit of e-learning. Some teachers conceived that e-learning was more activating than traditional learning in terms of increasing presence and participation. However, the results indicate that some of the students were not convinced about the activating advantages of e-learning.   The main challenges in e-learning for both students and teachers dealt with technical issues, (i.e. non-functioning data connections and software) and teacher-student interaction. Both students and teachers also experienced problems in directing the learning situation (e.g. finding/raising motivation, taking possible learning hindrances into account). Teachers also highlighted the students¿ lack of commitment as a challenge in e-learning.  Based on the studies we suggest that in order to ensure the high-quality learning results in e-learning continuous and relevant training and peer support for educators and students are needed. Additionally it is important to enhance the user experience and the content and materials of the courses should be designed carefully. We also suggest that in e-learning the interaction between teachers and peer students should be improved.
Media rich instruction : connecting curriculum to all learners
Virtual connections in FUAS : creating the concept for a module including a work-related project
Learning Slovak in an E-Learning Environment: A case study
The Lafec experience for language skills acquisition
Extending experiences : structure, analysis and design of computer game player experience
Educational technology: opportunities and challenges
Ambient learning and self authorship : human minds, cultural tools, immersive words
e-Economy : rhetoric or business reality
Emergence of progressive-inquiry culture in computer-supported collaborative learning
Towards expertise : pedagogical approaches and educational tools in a virtual learning environment for health and welfare
Approaches and Strategies in Next Generation Science Learning examines the challenges involved in the development of modern curriculum models, teaching strategies, and assessments in science education in order to prepare future students in the 21st century economies. This comprehensive collection of research brings together science educators, researchers and administrators interested in enhancing the teaching and learning of next generation science.
Innovations 2005 - Special edition : world innovations in engineering education and reseach
A Diverse Observance of Life: Multiple Intelligences in Biology
Increasing student engagement and retention using multimedia technologies : video annotation, multimedia applications, videoconferencing and transmedia storytelling
Lessons from Interprofessional  E-Learning : Piloting a care of elderly module
Developmental training evaluation in enhancing organisational learning : a case study of multinational telecommunications company
E-learning in a global company : case training sales force
Teaching online : a practical guide
Distance training : taking stock at a time of change
From distance education to e-Learning : lessons along the way
On data mining applications in mobile networking and network security
"From a renowned education writer comes a paradigm-shifting examination of the rapidly changing world of college that every parent, student, educator, and investor needs to understand. Over the span of just nine months in 2011 and 2012, the world's most famous universities and high-powered technology entrepreneurs began a race to revolutionize higher education. College courses that had been kept for centuries from all but an elite few were released to millions of students throughout the world-for free. Exploding college prices and a flagging global economy, combined with the derring-do of a few intrepid innovators, have created a dynamic climate for a total rethinking of an industry that has remained virtually unchanged for a hundred years. In The End of College, Kevin Carey, an education researcher and writer, draws on years of in-depth reporting and cutting-edge research to paint a vivid and surprising portrait of the future of education. Carey explains how two trends-the skyrocketing cost of college and the revolution in information technology-are converging in ways that will radically alter the college experience, upend the traditional meritocracy, and emancipate hundreds of millions of people around the world. Insightful, innovative, and accessible, The End of College is a must-read, and an important contribution to the developing conversation about education in this country. "--
Virtual University VU'06 : proceedings 7th international conference
Piloting participatory designing within a collaborative learning environment
The Linux competence development by using e-learning solutions
Abstract: The project goal was to provide the PHP software programming course materials, for a company called Viope Solutions Oy and to develop an Eclipse plug-in for the collaboration of Eclipse editor and their server. In this paper, the concept of E-learning system is briefly discussed, and the company's current system is also demonstrated along with the PHP course material that was developed for it. Demonstrating a plug-in that was developed for facilitating this system is also the other purpose. The development of plug-in was proved to be of great importance, because it helps users of this system to use the widely used Eclipse editor to perform programming exercises. The application, therefore, should improve the popularity of the company and increase their efficiency. The proposed solution is based on our experience as students on the editor and on the fact that it is a well known one. By the help of this project, it was proved that it is possible to integrate the Eclipse editor with the current system by developing a plug-in for it, which in turn yields a great result.
Learning and narrativity in digital media
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
To gather together? : understanding the dynamics of integrated learning environments
A Diverse Observance of Life: Multiple Intelligences in Biology : alanimi
The proliferation of technology has affected all aspects of human life, yet the continuing possibilities of their effects on education have yet to be fully explored. When viewed separately, one may believe that only paltry solutions can be wrought from online and web-based education; however, when applied and studied in a dynamic, interactive sense, these advancements may alter the very notion of learning and education. Revolutionizing Education through Web-Based Instruction is a comprehensive, multi-disciplinary exploration of the emerging digital opportunities available to educators. This book presents contemporary theoretical frameworks as well as practical research findings that support the use of these new computer-assisted teaching techniques. The myriad of research-based topics featured in this book allow for a thorough, diverse discussion about education, technology, and the intersection therein. This title is an invaluable resource for instructors, students of education, and researchers and professionals in the fields of knowledge management.
Students' perceptions of highly interactive, reflective and process oriented eLearning courses
Actual and potential pedagogical use of tablets in schools
Improving e-learning policies and programs : proceedings of the international workshop, 9-13 August 2004, ADB Headquarters, Manila, Philippines
Server side collaboration of eLearning platform and integrated development environment
How to teach eHealth
E-learning services in higher educational institutions in Finland Case Babahh Education –service
Cyber city as a Nexus of practice for language learning and teaching
"The rise of the internet, new technologies, and free and open higher education are radically altering college forever, and this book explores the paradigm changes that will affect students, parents, educators and employers as it explains how we can take advantage of the new opportunities ahead"--
Effects of authentic learning and e-learning in an introductory chemistry laboratory course
