http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13679 business economics
business economics
Researching and writing dissertations : a complete guide for business and management students
Essays on migration
Economics of industrial organisation
HELECON International CD-ROM : European economics and business administration information
Business contact
A comprehensive bibliography on total group productivity motivation in business
The encyclopedia of management
Management education in a historical perspective : the business school question and its solution in Finland
Business economics : theory and application
Research... : annual report and program
Business information review
The manager's bible : how to resolve 127 classic management dilemmas
Reading and understanding economics
Research Methods for Business : a skill-building approach
Encyclopedia of management
Leadership in international business education and research
International marketing research
Best papers proceedings [1995] : Fifty-fifth Annual Meeting of the Academy of Management, Vancouver, Canada, August 6-9, 1995
Some perspectives on research in agricultural economics
Masters of business : the making of a new elite?
The 12-hour MBA program : the key concepts and techniques in a fraction of the time
Teaching innovations in economics : strategies and applications for interactive instruction
Industrial economics : theory and evidence
Seminar on methodology in management and business research. Espoo. August 21 to 24, 1983.
Masters of business ? : business schools and business graduates in Britain and France
Multivariate data analysis : a global perspective
Corporate economy : growth, competition and innovative potential
Management education in a historical perspective:the business school question and its solution in Finland
The complete A-Z business studies handbook
Doing research in business and management : an introduction to process and method
Leading issues in knowledge management
Business economics
The third edition of International Marketing Research is completely updated to reflect changes in both the structure and practice of international marketing research. Industry consolidation of research firms has accelerated as they strive to better serve global clients. The Internet has burst on to the scene as an alternative way to gather information and conduct surveys rapidly. Increasingly research is being conducted in developing countries as firms expand operations into markets such as India and China. The coverage of research in developing markets has been expanded in the third ed
Research methods for business students
Principles of modern management : functions and systems
Applied business research : qualitative and quantitative methods
"Once again I gained so much" : understanding the value of business-to-business sales interactions from an individual viewpoint
European research paradigms in business studies : papers from the first EDAMBA Summer School
Lecture notebook : economics
The basic business library : core resources and services
The Routledge companion to international management education
The international guide to undergraduate business programs in the UK : 1997.
Business statistics : for contemporary decision making
Mashup corporations : the end of business as usual
College mathematics for business, economics, life sciences and social sciences
Systems methodology for the management sciences
Economics for business
Nordicum : Scandinavian business magazine
Designing and managing a research project : a business student's guide
Which business qualification? : the comprehensive guide to MBA and postgraduate business courses throughout the world
Elementary statistical methods : as applied to business and economic data
Experimental business research. 3, : Marketing, accounting and cognitive perspectives
Creating valuable business strategies
Financial theory and corporate policy
Quantitative management : an introduction
Business history : selected readings
Research catalogue. 1983
Business case studies : German
Financial accounting and reporting : a global perspective
Finance literature index
Reflections on using qualitative research methods in international business
A handbook of management techniques
Journal of farm management
Research approaches on business enterprises : Proceedings of the second summer seminar of the group on the theory of the firm. Espoo. June 6-7. 1985
Changing land management : adoption of new practices by rural landholders
A passionate search for Nordic management
Accounting and business research
Business economics : an active learning approach
New challenges for management research : [conference on New Challenges for Management Research, 1984 Louvain, Belgium]
Cost accounting : a managerial emphasis : student guide and review manual
The working-house of thought : using Shakespeare's Henry V in management education
Business models in action : an empirical investigation into a case organization
The farm office
Understanding business research
Understanding entrepreneurship
Business Case Studies
Journal of economics and business
Economics in a business context
The rise of the corporate economy
The business school and the bottom line
The economic nature of the firm : a reader
Encyclopedia of business in today's world
Research Methods for Business: A Skill-Building Approach is a concise and straightforward introduction for students to the world of business research. The skill-building approach provides students with practical perspectives on how research can be applied in real business situations
Advances in business and management forecasting
Organization theory. Vol. 2, Current trends and disciplinary reflection
Research methods in business studies : a practical guide
Research catalogue. 1987
Post Keynesian econometrics, microeconomics and the theory of the firm
"This succinct, comprehensive sourcebook provides everything needed to start, maintain, and provide service for a business collection, and to research virtually any business topic."
The objective of the study was to analyze how farmers' managerial thinking and management process effectiveness contribute to profitability of farming. A structural equation model of these two elements of management capacity and financial performance was applied on survey data and bookkeeping results from 117 dairy farms. The model explained one-fourth of the varying profitability of sample farms. The results show that farmers' managerial thinking is connected to farm profitability, but management process effectiveness is not. It was concluded that it is essential for good performance that the farmer has a clear vision of developing farming with business and investment plans. Successful farmers also have a firm confidence in their managerial skills, a strong emphasis on instrumental and intrinsic values, and a high appreciation of farming as occupation. They also see the farm as an entrepreneurial business unit and intend to follow the corresponding principles of management.
McGraw Hill's GMAT
Best papers proceedings 1994 : Fifty-fourth Annual Meeting of the Academy of Management, Dallas, Texas, August 14-17, 1994
Research methods for managers
Asymmetric news effects on volatility : good vs. bad news in good vs. bad times
Organization theory. Vol. 1, Central topics
Basic statistics for business & economics
Business research : a practical guide for undergraduate & postgraduate student
The Manchester experiment : a history of Manchester Business School, 1965-1990
The implementation of management science
Business forecasting
Academic writing for international students of business
Essentials of business statistics
The logic of strategic planning
The new Palgrave dictionary of economics online
The quality of business information on the Internet : evaluation criteria applicable to Internet resources
Trends and megatrends in the theory of management
Essays in public and labour economics : estimating causal effects using regional variation
Winning decisions : translating business strategy into action plans
The guru guide : the best ideas of the top management thinkers
Financial accounting and reporting
Seven steps to mastering business analysis
Farmers' managerial thinking and management process effectiveness as factors of financial success on Finnish dairy farms
Economics for hospitality management
Management fundamentals : a framework
Price theory and applications
How to plan ahead for hard times in business
Conducting research interviews for business and management students
Business research methods
Research catalogue. 1986
Nordic journal of business
Crises and scandals in the world of international management have brought a new spotlight onto how the subject is taught, studied and understood. There has been a plethora of literature on international management, but a lack of focus on how international management education (IME) can be shaped to respond to existing and future global business challenges. The Routledge Companion to International Management Education gathers together contributors from academia, industry and university administration involved in IME, to: introduce the domain of IME; describe the emerging state in new geographical areas; discuss the major issues and debates revolving around IME; explore the linkage of technology and international management, and shed light on the future of IME. The diverse background of the contributors provides a global perspective that challenges the dominant Anglo-American view, with up-to-date specific insights originating from their indigenous view points, which has often been neglected and inadequately covered. The volume answers important questions, such as: Do we need a vision in IME? What is the current state of IME? How has IME grown in emerging market segments? What roles does technology play in its recent development? The volume provides thought-provoking reading for educators, administrators, policy makers, human resources professionals and researchers. It will also give future international management students a glimpse of IME from a global inside-out perspective.
The dynamics of a scientific inquiry in entrepreneurship research
Dictionary of business German. Vol. 2, English-German
An introductory view of management
Statistical thinking in business
Cost accounting : a managerial emphasis
An expansion investment process in Boliden Harjavalta Oy.
Applied calculus : for business, social sciences, and life sciences
Research catalogue. 1985
Business research in the Nordic countries: an analysis of research output across countries, disciplines, and institutions
Handbook of agricultural economics. Volume 2B, Agricultural and food policy
The ten-day MBA : a step-by-step guide to mastering the skills taught in America's top business schools
The business and management review
How to make money growing trees
Research methods for business : a skill-building approach
Developing business knowledge
Leading issues in business research methods
FINNIPS brings in half of the Oulu BIT students
Encyclopedia of business and finance
Research method and methodology in finance and accounting
Applied management : putting theory to work
Handbook of Microsimulation Modelling
Quantitative methods, research design and computer applications in business
Marketing research
Corporate strategy : an analytic approach to business policy for growth and expansion
Theory of the firm
Uppsala in the world - the world in Uppsala : half a century of research at the Department of Business Studies at Uppsala University
Dictionary of business German. Vol. 1, German-English
Forecasting for management
