http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13610 brochures
brochures
On translation of tourist brochures : culture-specific designations in English translations of Finnish tourist brochures
The big book of self promotion
50 ways forward : Europe's best successes
The municipal library of Vihti
The best of the best of brochure design
Kuopio - Finland : Confidental tariff 1987.
School & Facility Prospectus Graphics
Come and discover the secrets of the language of tourist brochures : a study of directive expressions in the brochures of Finnish and British cities
Interact : Exhilarate, participate, educate : Exhibitions, interactives and 3D communications solutions
Kemi-Tornio Polytechnic, University of Applied Sciences, International Studies [esite]
The non-designer's design book : design and typographic principles for the visual novice
Kemi-Tornio Polytechnic, Finland, International Studies [esite]
Robin Williams design workshop
Business publication graphics
Tampere : the city with a taste for culture
The thesis was commisioned by Oy Aurinkomatkat – Suntours Ltd Ab. The main objectives of the study were to explore how Central European tour operators view the traditional travel brochure in their marketing. The main questions were the following: what is its condition now and how is it expected to be materialized in the future, what is the number of imprented brochures, what other significant marketing channels are employed and what is the sales distribution between direct-selling and online selling.     The literature review was composed by using previous studies related to this particular subject and by diverse literature on tourism marketing and management. The stufy itself was conducted by means of structured and theme interviews. All the data were collected between the period of March 2010 and March 2011. The respondents represent the  management of each company.      The main findings of the study reveal that the Finnish tour operators, TUI based Finnmatkat and Tjäreborg, have abandoned the traditional travel brochure recently whereas the other TUI partners, TUI Ukraine and TUI Deutschland, still maintain the production and have not planned to end the production anytime soon. The reasons for the Finnish tour operators rejection of brochures included the lack of demand, environmental issues and the lack of financial, temporal and human resources as well as the huge transition into online based planning and booking. Environmental reasons seemed to be more important factors for Tjäreborg whereas Finnmatkat did not even mention the ecological aspect. It is also significant to notice the differences between the leaflets now available for the customers. TUI Deutschland defends its decision of proceeding the production by presenting the huge selection of products and segments. TUI Ukraine regards traditional brochure as convenient and needed. However, it is also possible to build a successful business without any brochure, leaflet or flyer. L'Tur is a viable example of this.
Appraising appraisal : is the appraisal theory a plausible tool for text analysis?
Brochures 4 : an international compilation of brochure design : Broschürendesign im internationalen Überblick : une compilation internationale sur le design des brochures
Särkänniemi : the biggest and most beautiful holiday resort in Finland
The best of brochure design 9
Shaping the future : the University of Tampere
Marketing for architects and designers
Marketing for tourism
Housing Fair, Joensuu, Finland, 14.7.-13.8.1995
Photographis : the international annual of advertising and editorial and television photography = das internationale Jahrbuch der Werbephotographie und der redekationellen Photographie = le répertoire international de la photographie publicitaire et rédactionelle. '76
1,2 & 3 Color Design Collection : the worldś most imaginative use of limited color in graphic design
Creative solutions for unusual projects : includes templates, formats, guidelines
Graphis brochures 3 : an international compilation of brochure design = Brochürendesign in internationalen Überblick = une compilation internationale sur le design des brochures
Photographis : the international annual of advertising  photography = das internationale Jahrbuch der Werbephotographie = le répertoire international de la photographie publicitaire. '68
The big book of brochures
Boris Godunov
Understanding the Codex alimentarius
Picture-text relationships in different types of Finnish travel brochures
Small graphics : design innovation for limited spaces
Photographis : the international annual of advertising and editorial photography = das internationale Jahrbuch der Werbephotographie und der redekationellen Photographie = le répertoire international de la photographie publicitaire et rédactionelle. '80
Photographis : the international annual of advertising and editorial and television photography = das internationale Jahrbuch der Werbephotographie und der redekationellen Photographie = le répertoire international de la photographie publicitaire et rédactionelle. '74
Photographis : the international annual of advertising and editorial and television photography = das internationale Jahrbuch der Werbephotographie und der redekationellen Photographie = le répertoire international de la photographie publicitaire et rédactionelle. '72
The best of brochure design 6
A first visit to Britain
Martynas Mažvydas national library of Lithuania
Kemi-Tornio polytechnic : background information to OECD's country review for higher education policy
Pathfinder : a way through Swiss graphix
Finland : architecture, painting, sculpture, applied arts
Minimal graphics : the new powerful new look of graphic design
Finnish summary.
Look at this : contemporary brochures, catalogue & documents
From castles to wilderness : keywords creating destination images of the British Isles and Canada : a corpus-based study
Photographis : the international annual of advertising and editorial photography = das internationale Jahrbuch der Werbephotographie und der redekationellen Photographie = le répertoire international de la photographie publicitaire et rédactionelle. '78
Creative edge : brochures
Creating brochures and booklets
Graphic design makeovers : how to redesign for maximum impact
Designs that stand up, speak out, and can't be ignored : promotions
Reflections : from concept to launc
Haltia : The Finnish nature centre
Grand Opening Graphics
Subscribe now! : building arts audiences through dynamic subscription promotion
Designing a brochure for Promora Ltd
The first American tour of the Helsinki Philharmonic Orchestra : eighty-fifth season 1967-1968
The best of brochure design. II
Type. Joyce Rutter Kaye
Writing for design professionals : a guide to writing successful proposals, letters, brochures, portfolios, reports, presentations and job applications for architects, engineers and interior designes
1000 graphic elements : special details for distinctive designs
The art of promotion : creating distinction through innovative production techniques
HELSINKIguide : a teaser brochure of Helsinki
Deutsches Museum of masterpieces of natural science and technology Munich : Illustrated guide through the collections
Photographis : the international annual of advertising and editorial photography = das internationale Jahrbuch der Werbephotographie und der redekationellen Photographie = le répertoire international de la photographie publicitaire et rédactionelle. '77
Tampere University of Technology : your partner in cooperation
The lake district of Norway : holiday tours by the Wilson Line from London
The new Chemnitz
1 & 2 color design collection 1 : effective design using only 1 or 2 colors
Receiver-addressing features in tourist brochures and their translations
Tampere for you
Oulu region -  the direction for expertise
Brochure
Olympiastadion : Helsinki Helsingfors
Best of brochure design 7.
On translating vocative and informative texts of engineering English : with special reference to factors affecting corporate image and marketing communication and their role related to the style of translating
Kemi-Tornio Polytechnic : naturally
1000+ more graphic elements : unique elements for distinctive designs. Volume II
Photographis : the international annual of advertising and editorial photography = das internationale Jahrbuch der Werbephotographie und der redekationellen Photographie = le répertoire international de la photographie publicitaire et rédactionelle. '79
Interplay of text and pictures as a means of creating a destination image in English-language tourist brochures
Design matters : brochures 01 : an essential primer for today's competitive market
The best of brochure design. 3
The notion of liminality in constructing destination images about the Caribbean on the UK package holiday market : case study: Airtours, British Airways Holidays and Kuoni
The best of brochure design. 6
The creation of an information handbook : a booklet for the patients of ward 15 in the Central Finland Hospital of Centre Finland
Kemi-Tornio Polytechnic : the unit of technical education : the future - digitally yours. : study engineering in english
This is Helsinki
Minimal graphics : the powerful new look of graphic design
Tampere City Region
Design collection with limited colors
Understanding aquaculture
The best of brochure design
Helsinki University Library : a short survey
A general introductory guide to the Egyptian collections in the British Museum
The University of Tampere
Readability of the Nokia-Maillefer brochures : a case study in improving a real document
Brochures 5
More brochures
The best of brochure design 5.
Tampere : a major conference city
Direct mail
Kemi-Tornio polytechnic : Unit of business and administration
Real World Adobe InDesign CS4
Extralinguistic culture-specific elements in the production of English-language versions of Finnish tourist brochures
Experimental formats. 2  : books, brochures, catalogues
What is packaging design?
Registration package : IUFRO XX World Congress 6-12 August 1995 Tampere, Finland : caring for the forest : research in a changing world
Foreign tourists' responses to the English-language versions of Finnish tourist brochures promoting farm holidays
Linguistic and multimodal insights into the tourist brochures
Travel brochure as a marketing tool
Big color : mazimize the potential of your design through use of color
Finland : the country of forests
Corporate images and ideology : linguistic and visual features in company brochures
American corporate identity 2002
Photographis : the international annual of advertising and editorial and television photography = das internationale Jahrbuch der Werbephotographie und der redekationellen Photographie = le répertoire international de la photographie publicitaire et rédactionelle. '73
The best of brochure design 3. 3
Kuopio  ́90 tourist news
The bachelor thesis is built around an idea of creating a teaser  brochure of Helsinki in co-operation with a graphic and media student and  a destination management company Helsinki Expert. The main idea for  the thesis derived from a personal interest of the author in her home town  and the growing interest of independent travellers in Helsinki. The goal set  was to create an actual brochure including Helsinki Expert's products and  get it printed as well as distributed. The segment chosen was young  European tourists interested in independent travel. Helsinki cannot present  old cultures and their remains for the incoming tourists; rather it has to find  its attraction factors from modernity. The author feels that Helsinki has a  lot to offer to the younger tourist segments of Europe but still has work to  do attracting and getting them to visit the city. This thesis is project based  and divided into two parts, the brochure itself and the report including the  theoretic framework and the process description. The thesis starts by  presenting the theoretic framework including definitions, marketing  theories as well as factors to be considered when writing a brochure. It  proceeds to the actual process, the author explaining how the idea was  turned into practise. Finally the author analyses the result and what could  have been done otherwise. The process was started from finding a  partner and creating the brochure in the fall of 2006 but completion of the  thesis was delayed into November 2008 with this report. The brochure  was finished and printed but never distributed. The author feels that the  brochure itself was executed quite well but some parts of the process  could have been done otherwise to reach all the aimed objectives.
Culturally bound elements and their adaptive translation in travel brochures with specific emphasis on Lapland
Kemi-Tornio polytechnic : The unit of technical education : Kemi institute of technology
Print and production finishes for brochures and catalogs
Tiivistelmä: The creation of an information handbook : a booklet for the patients of ward 15 in the Central Finland Hospital of Centre Finland.
Photographis : the international annual of advertising  photography = das internationale Jahrbuch der Werbephotographie = le répertoire international de la photographie publicitaire. '71
Graphis brochures 6
