http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13652 unwritten sources
unwritten sources
Envelopes of sound : the art of oral history
The contribution of the non-written sources
Oral tradition in Judaism : the case of the Mishnah
Shakespeare's folktale sources
The orality of a silent age : the place of orality in medieval studies
Reclaiming the personal : oral history in post-socialist Europe
The African past speaks : essays on oral tradition and history
Historyscapes in Alor : aproaching indigenous histories in eastern Indonesia
Fascism in popular memory : the cultural experience of the Turin working class
The voice of the past : oral history
Zooarcheaeology and historical sources
Handbook of oral history
Narrating our pasts : the social construction of oral history
Oral history theory
The rise and fall of the Bible : the unexpected history of an accidental book
Oral history off the record : toward an ethnography of practice
Sources for ancient history
Folklore and historical process = Folklor i povijesni proces
If a scholar wishes to create a picture of a topical society in all its aspects, there is little of what he needs to know that he cannot know, although there may still be much that he cannot understand. For the history of Greece and Rome, there is a great deal that is simply unknowable. From the end of the archaic age of Greece, there is an unbroken sequence of works by Greek and, later, Roman historians down to the end of antiquity. Their vision and range of interest were often limited and much of what they produced has been lost. Some help may be derived from the documentary material supplied in antiquity, material that was the product of officials organising public activities, or heads of families organising their affairs, or individuals leaving their mark on the world. Beyond this, the evidence of archaeology and numismatics may also be helpful. The four essays in this book set out to characterise the nature of the ancient literary tradition, the inscriptional material, the archaeological and numismatic evidence and to explain how and for what purposes they may be used.
Velvet revolutions : an oral history of Czech society
Pioneers and partisans : an oral history of Nazi genocide in Belorussia
From memory to history : using oral sources in local historical research
An Oral-Formulaic Study of the Qurʼan
An acclaimed author takes readers back to early Christianity to ask how a box of handwritten scrolls became the Bible, and forward to see how the multibillion-dollar business that has created Biblezines and Manga Bibles is selling down the Bible's sacred capital.
The chronology of oral tradition : quest for a chimera
Most discussions of oral history method are rooted in abstract ideas about what interviewing should be and should achieve. However, interviews are ultimately personal interactions between human beings, and as such they rarely conform to a methodological ideal. Nonetheless, oral history's complex, capricious nature is rarely addressed by its practitioners when they share their work with the world. The struggles and negotiations interviewers face while conducting interviews - ethical, political, personal - either go unacknowledged or are discussed only with trusted colleagues in informal settings. This groundbreaking collection shows that a full account of oral history methodology must include honest and rigorous analyses of actual practice, allowing us to embrace the uncertainties and remarkable opportunities that define a human-centered methodology. Here, fourteen practitioners draw connections between vastly different areas of study, including Holocaust memories, work with Aboriginal communities, Islamic studies, immigration, and conflict studies. All are united by the shared experience of encountering complex individuals with messy, difficult, and ultimately illuminating stories to tell.
Oral history for the qualitative researcher : choreographing the story
History beyond the text : a student's guide to approaching alternative sources
Fairy tales from before fairy tales : the medieval Latin past of wonderful lies
Oral tradition as history
