http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13685 fermentation (metabolism)
fermentation (metabolism)
Cereal fermentation for future foods : V Symposium on Sourdough, 10-12 October 2012, Helsinki, Finland
Concepts in wine chemistry
Wine science : Principles and applications
In this study the viability of a potentially probiotic Lactobacillus paraplantarum DSM 14485 in the intestinal tract of 22 healthy test subjects was qualitatively assessed in a randomised double blinded cross-over study design lasting 2 x 4 weeks (interventions I and II) with a 4-week washout period. The subjects were given in their diet either spontaneously fermented vegetables (SF) or vegetables fermented by starter bacteria which contained  Lb. paraplantarum DSM 14485 (P). The numbers of lactic acid bacteria (LAB) in fecal samples were at the level of 10⁵ cfu g⁻¹ in both groups. The presence of Lb. paraplantarum DSM 14485 was confirmed by biochemical and molecular methods. We were able to show that Lb. paraplantarum DSM 14485, isolated from spontaneously fermented cucumbers, was viable in the intestine of ten test subjects after taking P-diet when the numbers of LAB were sufficiently high in the product.
The aim of the thesis was to compare the differences between three different treatments which are labeled as A, B and C, respectively. Treatments A and B contained additive products designed to enhance the fermentation process of biowaste and extract leachate. In treatment A, the additive product was in liquid form. Treatment B used the additive product that was in solid form. Treatment C contained no additive products and was used as a reference. The anaerobic digestion process of kitchen biowaste was used in this study to produce leachate. The leachate was collected and analyzed for its nutritional value as fertilizer. Chemical analysis was done to find the concentrations of Nitrogen (N), Phosphorus (P) and Potassium (K), in the leachates. The results of this study showed that Treatment B had the highest concentration of nutrients per liter compared to treatment A and treatment C. However, treatment A produced overall a greater volume of leachate compared to the other treatments. The con-centration of Total Nitrogen in the leachate was between 0,33 – 1,06 g/l. The concentration of Total Phosphorus was between 0,53 – 1,09 mg/l.  In addition, when comparing the concentration of Potassium, which was between 2,6 – 3,4 mg/l, the values seemed higher than the potassium value of separated urine carried out by EcoSanRes.
Starch modified with hydroxy acids as a potential source of energy and matter for Lactobacillus bacteria
Fermentation microbiology and biotechnology
Fermentation and biochemical engineering handbook : principles, process design, and equipment
"'The Art of Fermentation' is the most comprehensive guide to do-it-yourself home fermentation ever published. Sandor Katz presents the concepts and processes behind fermentation in ways that are simple enough to guide a reader through their first experience making sauerkraut or yogurt, and in-depth enough to provide greater understanding and insight for experienced practitioners. While Katz expertly contextualizes fermentation in terms of biological and cultural evolution, health and nutrition, and even economics, this is primarily a compendium of practical information--how the processes work; parameters for safety; techniques for effective preservation; troubleshooting; and more. With full-color illustrations and extended resources, this book provides essential wisdom for cooks, homesteaders, farmers, gleaners, foragers, and food lovers of any kind who want to develop a deeper understanding and appreciation for arguably the oldest form of food preservation, and part of the roots of culture itself. Readers will find detailed information on fermenting vegetables; sugars into alcohol (meads, wines, and ciders); sour tonic beverages; milk; grains and starchy tubers; beers (and other grain-based alcoholic beverages); beans; seeds; nuts; fish; meat; and eggs, as well as growing mold cultures, using fermentation in agriculture, art, and energy production, and considerations for commercial enterprises. Sandor Katz has introduced what will undoubtedly remain a classic in food literature, and is the first--and only--of its kind"--
Adaptive models and on-line simulation applied to bioreactors
Effect of lactic acid bacteria inoculants, formic acid, potassium sorbate and sodium benzoate on fermentation quality and aerobic stability of wilted grass silage
The chemical composition, in vitro rumen fermentation variables and methane (CH₄) output of a range of common forb species sampled in spring and summer, and grass silage (14 treatments in total), were determined in this study. Dried, milled herbage samples were incubated in an in vitro rumen batch culture with rumen microbial inoculum (rumen fluid) and buffered mineral solution (artificial saliva) at 39 °C for 24 hours. All herbage chemical composition and in vitro rumen fermentation variables were affected (p<0.001) by treatment. Rumex obtusifolius (in spring and summer), Urtica dioica (summer) and Senecio jacobaea (summer) had lower (p<0.05) CH₄ outputs relative to feed dry matter incubated compared with grass silage, reflecting their lower extent of in vitro rumen fermentation.
The art of fermentation : an in-depth exploration of essential concepts and processes from around the world
Effects of restriction of silage fermentation with formic acid on milk production
Bioprocess technology : fundamentals and applications
Preliminary studies on using LAB strains isolated from spontaneous sauerkraut fermentation in combination with mineral salt, herbs and spices in sauerkraut and sauerkraut juice fermentations
Some recent achievements in biotechnology and dairy fermentation techniques of lactic acid bacteria
Principles of brewing science : a study of serious brewing issues
Microbiology and technology of fermented foods
Fermentation of syngas to biofuels
Yeast : the practical guide to beer fermentation
Effects of amylase treatment on the consistency and dietary fibre of cooked, fermented oat bran porridge
The science of wine : from vine to glass
Brewing microbiology : managing microbes, ensuring quality and valorising waste
Studies on enhancing productivity in bioreactors
Principles of fermentation technology
Carbon metabolism under diurnal rhythm in Synechocystis
Analysis and control of continuous microaerobic ethanol production by yeast
Immobilized yeast in continuous fermentation of beer
Designing great beers : the ultimate guide to brewing classic beer styles
Maltose and maltotriose transport into ale and lager brewer's yeast strains
Monitoring and optimisation of  Saccharomyces cerevisiae and Aspergillus niger fermentation
Measurement and on-line modelling of key components in Aspergillus niger glucose oxidase fermentation
Transparency, form and function : fermenter manufacturing, art
Current opinion and novel practices for perioperative pain management in dogs and cats. Part 2, Use of loco-regional techniques
Applications of biotechnology to traditional fermented foods
Brewing yeast and fermentation
Industrial microbiology : an introduction
Water : a comprehensive guide for brewers
Industrial applications of the results of the yeast physiology in high. = Hiivan fysiologia vahvavierrekäymisissä -projektin tulokset käytännön laadun kannalta
Development of near infrared (NIR) spectroscopy and electronic nose (EN) techniques to analyse the conservation quality of farm silages
Fermented foods of the world : a dictionary and guide
Feasibility of continuous main fermentation of beer using immobilized yeast
D-xylose fermentation by Fusarium oxysporum and other fungi
The biotechnology of malting and brewing
Viability of Lactobacillus paraplantarum DSM 14485 in human gastrointestinal tract and its molecular and biochemical identification after fermented vegetable consumption
Aerobic spoilage of silages occurs frequently and is undesirable because it reduces both its nutritive and hygienic quality. Silage inoculants containing heterofermentative lactic acid bacteria, like Lactobacillus buchneri, have already been proven to improve aerobic stability by augmented production of acetic acid, which inhibits yeasts. In this study, the effect of L. buchneri on fermentation characteristics and aerobic stability of alfalfa-ryegrass silage, red clover silage and maize silage was assessed using microsilos. Two dosages, 1×105 and 3×105 cfu g-1 of fresh matter, were compared to untreated control silage. Inoculation with L. buchneri clearly altered the fermentation characteristics of alfalfa-ryegrass and red clover silage, resulting in a significantly higher aerobic stability at both dosages. The effects of L. buchneri inoculation on maize silage were less clear, but nevertheless the aerobic stability of maize silage inoculated with 1×105 cfu g-1 of fresh matter was significantly higher compared to the untreated silage.
Microbiology of fermented foods : vol. 1 & 2
Current opinion and novel practices for perioperative pain management in dogs and cats. Part 1, Use of systemic analgesics
Handbook of food preservation
Effects of environmental variations in Escherichia coli fermentations
Developments and microbiological applications in African foods : emphasis on Nigerian Wara cheese
Bacteriocins and protective cultures as contributing factors to improving safety and preservation of meat and products : a literature review
The development and microbiology of bioprocesses for the production of hydrogen and ethanol by dark fermentation
Handbook of plant-based fermented food and beverage technology
Encyclopedia of bioprocess technology: fermentation, biocatalysis, and bioseparation : volume 5 Py-Y
Silage extracts used to study the mode of action of silage inoculants in ruminants
Methods of computational intelligence in handling ion mobility based IMCELL-measurement data from fermentation process
Brewing microbiology
Silage quality : effect of fermentation on intake and nutrient utilisation by cattle = Surfôrkvalitet : effekt av gjæringsmønster på fôropptak og utnyttelse av næringsstoffer hos storfe
The use of mineral salt, herbs and spices in combination with isolated lactic acid bacteria strains in sauerkraut fermentation was studied. Mineral salt differs from ordinary salt because NaCl is partially replaced by KCl. The mineral salt contains 28% KCl and 57% NaCl. The final NaCl content in the sliced white cabbage mixture was 0.5%. In approximately 20 hours the pH dropped to the desired level. All the pressed sauerkraut juices had a good microbiological quality. The sensory quality of all pressed juices was found to be either good or acceptable.
Effects of yeasts and bacteria on the levels of folates in rye sourdoughs
Microbiology, fermentation and shelf-life extension of togwa, a Tanzanian indigenous food
The role of manure and enterobacteria in silage fermentation
Knowledge mining of fermentative hydrogen processes
Food microbiology : a laboratory manual
Fermentation of milk and cereal products by probiotic bacteria
Effects of some organic acids and salts on microbial fermentation in the digestive tract of piglets estimated using an in vitro gas production technique
Encyclopedia of bioprocess technology: fermentation, biocatalysis, and bioseparation : volume 4 Mi-Pu
Analysing nutrient values of fermented biowaste leachate
Malting and brewing science : volume 2 : hopped wort and beer
Handbook of food and beverage fermentation technology
Lucerne and two maize crops were ensiled with and without Lactobacillus plantarum and fermented for 4 or 60 d to assess the effect of inoculant on in vitro rumen fermentation of the resulting silages. Water and 80% ethanol extracts of the silages were also analysed for effects on in vitro rumen fermentation. The inoculant affected lucerne silage characteristics but had little effect on the maize silages. In vitro fermentation of the silages showed few effects except increased microbial biomass yield (MBY) at 24 h in the inoculant-treated lucerne silages. In vitro fermentation of the lucerne silage water extracts produced no differences due to treatment except for reduced MBY in the inoculant-treated extracts. The ethanol extracts produced results inconsistent with the in vitro results of the silages. Consequently it appears that the factor in in vitro fermentation of inoculated silages causing increased MBY was in neither the water nor ethanol extracts.
Concise encyclopedia of bioresource technology
The role of lipids in brewing
Ensiling of forages : factors affecting silage fermentation and quality
Brewing with wheat : the 'wit' and 'weizen' of world wheat beer styles
Reduction of acidity in northern region berry juices
Brewing and distillation : science and technology
Dietary fibre components of rye bran and their fermentation in vitro
Bioethanol Potential of Preserved Biowaste
The effects of three silage inoculants on aerobic stability in grass, clover-grass, lucerne and maize silages
Practical fermentation technology
Succinic acid production with processing of woody biomass
The effect of a mixture of Lactobacillus strains on silage quality and nutritive value of grass harvested at four growth stages and ensiled for two periods
Modern biotechnology : connecting innovations in microbiology and biochemistry to engineering fundamentals
The objective of the study was to investigate the effects of homofermentative and heterofermentative lactic acid bacteria (LAB) inoculants on fermentation and aerobic stability in a variety of crops and dry matter concentrations. The experiments were conducted with lucerne, ryegrass, ryegrass-timothy, red clover-ryegrass and whole crop maize using three additives in laboratory scale conditions. Each treatment and crop was replicated 5 five times when determining the chemical composition and aerobic stability in the silage. The data were statistically analyzed as a randomized complete block by using the GLM procedure of SAS. Additive application reduced pH and formation of butyric acid, alcohols and ammonia-N in all crops compared with the untreated silage (p < 0.05). The use of additives increased the content of lactic acid except heterofermentative LAB in maize with 276 g kg-1 DM and increased the content of acetic acid except homofermentative LAB in ryegrass-timothy and maize with 276 g kg-1 DM compared with the untreated silage (p < 0.05). It was observed that the aerobic stability of silages was improved significantly (p < 0.05) by using homofermentative and heterofermentative LAB inoculants.
In vitro rumen methane output of forb species sampled in spring and summer
Wheat end uses around the world
From beer to molecular biology : the evolution of industrial biotechnology
Principles of brewing science
Food processing technology : principles and practice
Traditional fermented food and beverages for improved livelihoods
Microbial technology. 2, Fermentation technology
Encyclopedia of bioprocess technology: fermentation, biocatalysis, and bioseparation : volume 3 G-Mi
Studies on the fermentation technology of bushera: a Ugandan traditional fermented cereal-based beverage
Recent progress in bioconversion of lignocellulosics
The effect of Lactobacillus buchneri inoculation on the aerobic stability and fermentation characteristics of alfalfa-ryegrass, red clover and maize silage
Preservation effects by lactic acid fermentation : a literature review
Biological quality of fermented fish offal and chicken by-products
Encyclopedia of bioprocess technology: fermentation, biocatalysis, and bioseparation : volume 2 Ch-F
Use of inoculated lactic acid bacteria in fermenting sour cabbage
Technology research for designing a novel fermented milk : growth features of a coculture of Lactobacillus delbrueckii ATCC 15808 and Geotrichum candidum VV
The effect of adding an inoculant containing Lactobacillus buchneri, L. plantarum and L. casei to wilted perennial ryegrass, harvested at four growth stages and ensiled for either 60 or 150 d on silage fermentation quality, chemical composition, rumen degradability of neutral detergent fibre (NDF) and organic matter (OM) and in vitro OM digestibility (OMd) was studied. Compared to the control silage, more sugars were fermented to lactic and acetic acid with the inoculant, resulting in a lower pH, less dry matter losses and protein degradation and a better aerobic stability. The effects of the additive on fermentation quality were more pronounced after 150 than after 60 d of ensiling, because the quality of the control silage was worse after long ensiling period. The treatment lowered NDF content of grass harvested at the first two growth stages by degrading cell walls to complex sugars, but had no effect on NDF degradability of the silage. The inoculant had no effect on rumen OM degradability nor on OMd after the short ensiling period, but increased the rumen OM degradability for the first two growth stages and OMd for all growth stages after long ensiling period.
Brewing Science : a multidisciplinary approach
The use of mineral salt in natural fermentation of white cabbage into sauerkraut and sauerkraut juice, in order to evaluate whether the amount of NaCl could be lowered, was studied. Mineral salt differs from ordinary salt because NaCl is partially replaced by KCl. In the fermentations mineral salt was used in various amounts (0.8-1.5%) and in combination with garlic and algae. The final NaCl concentrations in these fermentation trials were 0.5-0.9%. Fermentations were also carried out with cabbage sliced to different degrees. The sauerkraut juice fermented by using 0.8% mineral salt (0.5% NaCl) was found to have the best sensory quality. The yield of sauerkraut juice increased as the coarseness of the cabbage mix decreased.
Modelling of a fed-batch fermentation process
Mixed culture pre-ferments of lactic and propionic acid bacteria for baking
Biotechnology : a multi-volume comprehensive treatise. Vol. 9, Enzymes, biomass, food and feed
Food microbiology : fundamentals and frontiers
The occurrrence and diversity of yeasts in Zimbabwean traditional fermented milk and their potential use as starter cultures
Traditional and improved fermentation technology of borde, a cereal-based Ethiopian beverage
Effects of wine yeast to chemical composition of black currant wine : anthocyanins and alcohols
Raskin etikkahappopitoisuuden rajoittaminen = Suppression of acetic acid in sourdough
Sauerkraut and sauerkraut juice fermented spontaneously using mineral salt, garlic and algae
Lactic acid fermentation of fish offal and chicken by-product with different starter cultures
Knowledge-based systems for bioprocesses
Handbook of fermented meat and poultry
Fermented beverage production
