http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13657 medical social workers
medical social workers
Cultural diversity in health and social care : some questions and answers for health care professionals
Near you
Abstract.
Abstract: Identification and psychosocial support of families at psychosocial risk at maternity and child health centers.
This book is a fresh contribution to the feminist welfare state debate as far as caring is concerned. By using the case of municipal homemakers in Finland, the author analyzes the relation between women and the caring state. The analysis addresses the welfare state formation, beneficial for women and built by women in alliance with leftist men, sympathetic to women's issues. The Finnish experience differs from any other Western models of home help. In Finland, municipal homemakers are well trained, permanently promoted into their public employee positions and they earn fixed monthly salaries. The homemaking position is not a case of female reserve labour but a life-long occupation. The emergence and development of the occupation is analyzed from a critical perspective, differentiating between ideologies and actual practices in creation of this public caring reform. However, the gendered nature of caring work in the public sphere also in the Nordic countries comes out clearly: it is a woman's work with women's wage and low status in spite of high unionization. The welfare state is contradictory to women.
Vocational qualification in social and health care : practical nurse
The partnership model in human services : sociological foundations and practices
Care for life : englantia lähihoitajille
Get better : English for practical nurses
Feminist social policy in Finland : contradictions of municipal homemaking
Contradictions of the welfare state, women and caring : municipal homemaking in Finland
Overstretched : European families up against the demands of work and care
Help : A: Nurses, public health nurses and midwives ; B: Physiotherapists, occupational therapists and social services ; C: Medical laboratory technologists, radiographers and dental hygienists
Abstract: The object of this bachelor's thesis was to study the prevalence of actualized protective measures in working with people with intellectual disabilities and challenging behavior as well as to clarify carers' views on protective measures and client participation, and whether there are possibilities for empowerment. The setting for the study was Kuusela, a department offering care, guidance and rehabilitation to adults with intellectual disabilities and challenging behavior. The theoretical framework for this study was based on values of the social field and the operating environment of Kuusela and how empowerment can be reached through participation and the right to subjectivity, self-determination, and dialog. Methods in acquiring the essential information were both qualitative and quantitative. Data on the prevalence of actualized protective measures was gathered through a documentary analysis. Data on carers' views on protective measures and client participation were gathered through a questionnaire consisting of a set of questions that were to be answered according to the Likert scale. The questionnaire also included two open-ended questions that required a written answer. The data were analysed according to qualitative content analysis. The results showed that the number of actualized protective measures had decreased from the year 2008 to 2010. Results on the carers' views showed that protective measures are needed and justified in their work. Although they seem conscious of the inhabitants' right to participatory working methods, it was not seen clearly in the everyday life. Obstacles in the implementation of this right were seen as being related to the inhabitants' shortcomings and the carers' attitudes and know-how. It can be concluded that continuous reflection on values and models of action is needed in order for the inhabitants' participation to be respected and implemented and for empowerment to be possible. The results showed that learning by living should be heightened through open professional discussions. The inhabitants' shortcomings should be dealt with in a professional manner and attitudes and knowledge on addressing these shortcomings should be dealt with through discussion and possibly through further training.
Research methods for nurses and the caring professions
Rethinking children's care
The politics of caring : the case of municipal homemaking in Finland
Shadows of the workhouse
Combining paid work and family care : policies and experiences in international perspective
National core curricula for social welfare education in Finland : translation of the main parts
Help C : Medical laboratory technologists, radiographers and dental hygienists
Expert : English for practical nurses
Aggression and violence : approaches to effective management
Partnerships in family care
Protective measures in working with people with intellectual disabilities: carers' views on protective measures and client participation
Journal of advanced nursing
Expert : English for practical nurses : äänite
The participation of informal caregivers and care quality in the hospital care of elderly patients aged 75 or older : a time series study in three care settings
Get better : english for practical nurses
Protective Measures in Working with People with Intellectual Disabilities : Carers' Views on Protective Measures and Client Participation
Caring for health
Community as partner : theory and practice in nursing
Work stress in the nursing profession : an evaluation of organizational causal attribution
Dementia and social work practice : research and interventions
Active support : enabling and empowering people with intellectual disabilities
Communication skills for health and social care
