http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13693 elk
elk
Selective versus random moose harvesting : does it pay to be a prudent predator?
Effects of summer-autumn nutrition and parturition date on reproduction and survival of elk
Effects of moose browsing in relation to food alternatives in Scots pine stands
Elk, the fast footed : tThiro international moose symposium
Cadmium content in sea water, bottom sediment, fish, lichen and elk in Finland
Seasonal variation in the life histories of a viviparous ectoparasite, the deer ked
Wildlife populations in Finland during 1990-1995, based on wildlife triangle data
Second International Moose Symposium, Uppsala, 21-25 August 1984 : proceedings
Animals as forest pests in Finnish Lapland
Harmful agents (PCDD/Fs, PCBs, and PBDEs) in Finnish reindeer (Rangifer tarandus tarandus) and moose (Alces alces)
Moose browsing in a Scots pine plantation mixed with deciduous tree species
Abstract: Moose (Alces alces) feeding in relation to the characteristics of winter habitats and the damage in young stands.
International evaluation of moose research in Scandinavia
The levels of heavy metals in moose, reindeer and hares in Finland : results of twenty years' monitoring
The occurrence of moose damage was studied using data from three National Forest Inventories (NFIs) accomplished between 1986 and 2008 in Finland. The combined data included a total of 97 390 young stands. The proportion of moose damage increased from 3.6% to 8.6% between the 8th NFI (1986-1994) and the 10th NFI (2004-2008). The majority (75%) of the damage occurred in Scots pine-dominated stands. The proportion of damage was higher in aspen-dominated stands than in stands dominated by any other tree species. The tree species mixture also had a clear effect on the occurrence of damage. Pure Scots pine stands had less damage than mixed Scots pine stands, and moose damage decreased linearly with the increasing proportion of Scots pine. Stands on mineral soil had more frequent moose damage than stands on peatlands. The fertility class of the site had no straightforward effect on the damage frequency. Artificially regenerated stands had more damage than naturally regenerated stands. Accomplished soil preparation measures and the need for thinning or clearing operations increased moose damage. High proportions of moose damage in young stands were found around the country. In the 10th NFI, the largest concentration of damage was found in southwestern Finland. Our study shows the temporal and spatial changes in the occurrence of moose damage and pinpoints some important silvicultural factors affecting the relative risk of young stands over a large geographical area..
The bounty of the earth cookbook
Nordic giant : the moose and its life
The role of moose as a disturbance factor in managed boreal forests
Transfer of radiocaesium to the Swedish population and subgroups of special interest
Sikh identities in practice
Moose (Alces alces L.) browsing in young Scots pine stands in relation to the characteristics of their winter habitats
Sikh identity
Genetic and phenotypic variation of the moose (Alces alces)
Prehistoric use of pitfalls in Åsele Lappmark
Malignant catarrhal fever in wild Swedish moose (Alces alces L.)
Modelling the factors predisposing Scots pine to moose damage in artificially regenerated sapling stands in Finnish Lapland
Red deer : behavior and ecology of two sexes
Moose and Mouse
Epidemiology of Bartonella infections in dogs and moose : animals as sentinels for human disease
One moose, twenty mice
Moose (Alces alces) in the Czech Republic : changes for survival in the man-made landscape
Using expert opinion to evaluate a habitat effectiveness model for elk in western Oregon and Washington
Ungulate effects on their food plants : responses depending on scale
What use is a moose?
Animal-vehicle collisions : from knowledge to mitigation
here is evidence that moose are attracted to fertile growth habitats apparently due to better quality and larger quantities of food. The nutrients in mineral soils originate from the weathering of bedrock and the composition of parental bedrock affects the fertility of produced mineral soil, thus affecting also the import of nutrients into the whole food web. We surveyed the connection between moose damage in forest plantations and the composition of bedrock and surficial deposits in Finnish Lapland. We used a database of compensated moose damage in private forests in years 1997−2010. Undamaged stands in National Forest Inventories (NFI) from years 1986-2008 served as a control data and moose-damaged NFI-stands as a reference data. Bedrock and surficial depositions and the location of studied stands in relation to ancient shorelines were explored by using the digital databases of the Geological Survey of Finland. Moose-damaged stands were concentrated in southwestern and east Lapland in the areas of the Peräpohja Schist Belt and Lapland's Greenstone Belt that are both composed of nutrient-rich rocks. The bedrock of damaged stands contained a higher proportion of mafic and alkaline rocks than did the control stands. Moose-damaged stands were pine-dominated and grew in more fertile forest sites than did control stands. Part of pine stands probably located in soils formerly occupied by spruce, which may increase the stands' vulnerability to biotic threats. Especially, there were relatively more moose damage in pine plantations regenerated on fine-grained mineral soils derived from nutrient rich rocks than in less fertile soils.
Life history strategies in moose (Alces alces) : geographical and temporal variation in body growth and reproduction
Experimental reduction of wolves in the Yukon : ungulate responses and management implications
Effects of bedrock and surficial deposit composition on moose damage in young forest stands in Finnish Lapland
Major fatty acid composition of some organ fats in the moose (Alces alces) in northeastern Lapland
Interactions between a large generalist herbivore, the moose, and Scots pine
Beauty of the beast
Moose Alces alces bite diameter selection in relation to twig quality on four phenotypes of Scots pine Pinus sylvestris
The elk's head of Huittinen
The image of the stag : iconographic themes in Western art
Moose hunting in Finland : management of a heavily harvested population
Moose damage in National Forest Inventories (1986-2008) in Finland
On repeated browsing of Scots pine saplings by moose (Alces alces)
Kuinka hirvi sai sarvensa = How the elk got his antlers
Z is for Moose
Winter nutritional restriction and simulated body condition of Yellowstone elk and bison before and after the fires of 1988
The moose nose bot fly Cephenemyia ulrichii Brauer (Diptera: Oestridae) reported in Norway for the first time
The role of conifer foliage and bark in diets of Swedish moose, with special emphasis to the growing season
A herd of red deer : a study in animal bahaviour
Behavioural Ecology of Siberian and European Roe Deer
Beastly beatitudes
Susceptibility of pine to mammalian herbivores in northern Finland
Chernobyl cesium in the Swedish moose population : effect of age, diet and habitat selection
The venison cook : 106 imaginative recipes
The condition of Scots pine stands in Lahemaa National Park, Estonia 25 years after browsing by moose (Alces alces)
Moose hunting in Finland - management of a heavily harvested population
Probability of recent bark stripping damage by red deer (Cervus elaphus) on Norway spruce (Picea abies) in a low mountain range in Germany : a preliminary analysis
Radiocaesium transfer to roe deer and moose : modelling and experimental studies
Estimating moose population parameters from aerial surveys
Recent browsing damage by moose on Scots pine, birch and aspen in young commercial forests - effects of forage availability, moose population density and site productivity
Proceedings [of the] 2nd International Moose Symposium [held in Uppsala, Sweden 21-25 Aug. 1984]
The probability of moose damage at the stand level in southern Finland
Harmful agents (PCDD/Fs, PCBs, and PBDEs) in Finnish reindeer (<em>Rangifer tarandus tarandus</em>) and moose (<em>Alces alces</em>)
Management and regulated harvest of moose (Alces alces) in Sweden
Influence by ungulates on early plant succession and forest regeneration in south Swedish spruce forests
Winter food and movements of two moose (Alces alces L.) in northeastern Finland
Ecology and management of the North American moose
Chemical composition of winter moose feed in Karelia
Demographic and life history consequences of harvest in a Swedish moose population
[Review]
Summary.
Studying habitat use and behavior of moose (Alces alces) by integrating airborne laser scanning and GPS tracking
Abstract: Gas-chromatography was used to determine the major fatty acid composition of the total lipids, and triglyceride and phospholipid fractions of the subcutaneous, liver, skeletal muscle, coronary and perinephric fats of 38 moose killed in northeastern Finnish Lapland in early and late winter 1967-1972...
A Day with the Animal Firefighters
An invasive ectoparasite of cervids, the deer ked dispersion, cold tolerance and predation
This moose belongs to me
Effects of density of young Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris) stand on moose (Alces alces) browsing
Copper and cadmium binding proteins from liver and kidney of moose and reindeer
Abstract: Samples of reindeer, moose, willow grouse and rock ptarmigan as well as samples of great predators such as wolverine, wolf, lynx and bear have been collected from Lapland and other parts of Finland and analysed for the natural radionuclides...
Pathogens, nutritional deficiency, and climate influences on a declining moose population
Propability of bark stripping damage by red deer (Cervus elaphus) in Austria
Cadmium intake of moose hunters in Finland from consumption of moose meat, liver and kidney
Impacts of ungulates in boreal forest and subarctic tundra ecosystems in Finland
The effects of selective harvesting on life history traits of moose Alces alces
Circumpolar distribution and habitant requirements of moose (Alces alces)
Bridget and the moose brothers
Amazing animals ; fantastic forest
Elaphostrongylus spp. from Scandinavian cervidae : a scanning electron microscope study (SEM)
Summary: In late winter (9. IV - 4. V) 1967 the food selection and feeding behaviour of two resident moose ( a female and a year-old calf) were studied in natural conditions in Salla, northeaster Finland...
Essays from the course Forest Resource Economics, NA 4007, 2001
Abstract: The history, present distribution and different movement patterns of the moose (Alces alces) in Europe were studied, mainly on the basis of the literature available. The moose has recently widened its range in Europe, especially to the north and south. The dispersal mechanism and distribution history, together with the uneven distribution of the winter food reserves available are concluded to be primarily responsible for the formation of the (long-distance) seasonal migrations of the moose.
Polonium-210 and lead-210 in some terrestrial animals in Finland
Genetic variation in a large game species, the moose (Alces alces) : patterns of differentiation and some management implications
Controlled reproduction in horses, deer and camelids
Seasonal movements of moose in Europe
Moose living strategies : biological features in Manchuria, and forage selection in Fennoscandia
Third International Moose Symposium, Syktyvkar, August 27 - September 5, 1990 : abstracts of papers and posters
The effect of habitat patchness on the population density of ungulates
Papillar morphology of the rumen of forest reindeer (Rangifer tarandus fennicus) and semidomesticated reindeer (Rangifer t. tarandus)
Z is for moose
Moose population density and habitat productivity as drivers of ecosystem processes in northern boreal forests
Factors affecting the moose population in Sweden during the 20th century with special attention to silviculture
Exploring the Pechoro-Ilychsky Zapovednik
Sixth time's a charm?
Chemical immobilization of free-ranging moose
Monoterpenes in Scots pine in relation to browsing preference by moose (Alces alces L.)
A comparative analysis of genetic diversity at Mhc DRB loci in some ruminant species
