http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13680 codices
codices
Illuminated manuscripts
The gnostic gospels
A companion to the history of the book
The Leningrad codex : a facsimile edition
Marks of genius : masterpieces from the collections of the Bodleian Libraries
The Archimedes codex : revealing the secrets of the world's greatest palimpsest
Manuscripts from the Anglo-Saxon age
Classica et beneventana : essays presented to Virginia Brown on the occasion of her 65th birthday
The message of Acts in Codex Bezae : a comparison with the Alexandrian tradition. Volume 3, Acts 13.1-18.23 : the ends of the earth ; first and second phases of the mission to the Gentiles
The world's most famous illuminated manuscripts : 400 to 1600
The birth of the codex
Codices medii aevi Finlandiae. 2, Codex Särkilahti : (Codex Aboensis Skokloster)
In Europe, throughout the Middle Ages, a sequence was sung before the reading of the Gospel in the Roman Mass at the most prominent feasts of the liturgical year. The genre is remarkable through its often large scale compositions, poetic language and peculiar melodies. Different liturgical traditions gradually developed their own sequence repertories, with different stylistic forms. The scarcity of preserved manuscripts has long impeded an assessment of the diffusion of the genre in Sweden. This situation radically changed with the recent cataloguing of numerous parchment leaves cut from medieval books and used in the binding of 16th century accounts, during the reign of Gustav Vasa and his sons. In spite of their fragmentary state the leaves contain a surprisingly rich sequence material. The first part of this volume focuses on the repertories, listing all the sequences found for each specific feast. If possible, both the earlier European and later Swedish transmission of a sequence is sketched. The second part is an inventory and close description of all the fragments containing sequences. The fragments date from the 12th through the 15th century, originating above all from sequentiaries, graduals or missals. The enclosed cd contains about 2 060 images covering the entire sequence material used in the investigation.
Medieval manuscript production in the Latin West : explorations with global database
Illuminated manuscripts : the book before Gutenberg
The message of Acts in Codex Bezae : a comparison with the Alexandrian tradition. vol. 4, Acts 18.24-28.31 : Rome via Ephesus and Jerusalem
Working with Anglo-Saxon manuscripts
Stiftsbibliothek Sankt Gallen : Codices 484 & 381. 3, Codex Sangallensis 381
Liturgical sequences in medieval manuscript fragments in the Swedish National Archives : repertorial investigation, inventory, and reconstruction of sources
Beatus vir : studies in early English and Norse manuscripts in memory of Phillip Pulsiano
The Theodosian code : studies in the imperial law of late antiquity
Geest van papier = Spirit of paper
Code of liberalisation of capital movements
The Kīlaya Nirvāna Tantra and the Vajra Wrath Tantra : two texts from the ancient Tantra collection
The Theodosian code and Novels, and the Sirmondian Constitutions
"Misticall wordes and names infinite" : an edition and study of Humfrey Lock's Treatise on alchemy
A guide to early printed books and manuscripts
Hellenike grafe : Katalogos ektheseos antigrafon = The greek script : Catalogue of an exhibition of copies
Stiftsbibliothek Sankt Gallen : Codices 484 & 381. 1, Kommentar = Commentary
The collected biblical writings of T. C. Skeat
Studies in stemmatology II
The Old Rus' Kievan and Galician-Volhynian chronicles : the Ostroz'kyj (Xlebnikov) and Četvertyns'kyj (Pogodin) codices = Starorus'kì kiïvs'kì ì Galic'ko-Volins'kì lìtopisi : Ostroz'kij spisok (Hlebnìkovs'kij) ì spisok Četvertins'kogo (Pogodìns'kij)
The illuminated manuscript
Studies in stemmatology
Stiftsbibliothek Sankt Gallen : Codices 484 & 381. 2, Codex Sangallensis 484
Scribal habits and theological influences in the Apocalypse : the singular readings of Sinaiticus, Alexandrinus, and Ephraemi
A Danish teacher's manual of the mid-fifteenth century : (Cod. AM. 76,8o). Vol. 2, Commentary and essays
Codices illustres : the world's most famous illuminated manuscripts 400 to 1600
The power of book : medial approaches to medieval Nordic legal manuscripts
From codicology to technology : Islamic manuscripts and their place in scholarship
The message of Acts in Codex Bezae : a comparison with the Alexandrian tradition. Vol 1, Acts 1.1-5.42: Jerusalem
The message of Acts in Codex Bezae : a comparison with the Alexandrian tradition. Vol. 2, Acts 6.1-12.25 : from Judea and Samaria to the church in Antioch
Aleksandrian keskiaikainen kirjasto = The Mediaeval library of Alexandria
