http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13670 science policy
science policy
Language of the land : policy, politics, identity
Cultural perspectives on higher education
Science, technology and free trade
Downsizing science : will the United States pay a price?
Human reliability analysis methods for probabilistic safety assessment
Science for development : an essay on the origin and organization of national science policies
Assessing the European Union science diplomacy towards India 2009-2013 : from an experimental pilot initiative into a political dialogue
The public nature of science under assault : politics, markets, science and the law
The university under the pressure of innovation policy : reflecting on European and Finnish experiences
Pay for politicians and candidate selection : an empirical analysis
Finnish programme for centres of excellence in research
The outlines of Finnish science policy in the 1970's
Censoring science : inside the political attack on Dr. James Hansen and the truth of global warming
Reviews of national science and technology policy. Poland
Bernard Brodie and the bomb : at the birth of the bipolar world
The vision of the European city
A macroeconomic perspective on education and inequality
Adventures in Aidland : the anthropology of professional international development
Anthropological interest in new subjects of research and contemporary knowledge practices has turned ethnographic attention to a wide ranging variety of professional fields. Among these the encounter with international development has perhaps been longer and more intimate than any of the others. Anthropologists have drawn critical attention to the interfaces and social effects of development's discursive regimes but, oddly enough, have paid scant attention to knowledge producers themselves, despite anthropologists being among them, which is the focus of this volume. It concerns the construction and transmission of knowledge about global poverty and its reduction but is equally interested in the social life of development professionals, in the capacity of ideas to mediate relationships, in networks of experts and communities of aid workers, and in the dilemmas of maintaining professional identities. Going well beyond obsolete debates about 'pure' and 'applied' anthropology, the book examines the transformations that occur as social scientific concepts and practices cross and re-cross the boundary between anthropological and policy making knowledge.
Science in Scandinavia: a case for reappraisal
Studies in the macroeconomic implications of firm entry and exit
Funding science in America : congress, universities, and the politics of the academic pork barrel
In this article, the geographical transformation of the Finnish manufacturing sector since the 1970s is analysed. Changes in manufacturing employment by municipalities are used as central indicators of the transformation. The urban-rural shift, deindustralisation, and emergence of the new economy have all occurred during the last three decades.A trend surface analysis indicates that manufacturing employment increased all over the country in the 1970s. The growth was higher the more northern and eastern the municipality's location. This pattern was conformable to the goals of the Finnish regional policy of the 1970s. Deindustrialisation plagued the economy from the early 1980s to the mid-1990s, and its negative labour force impacts were focused especially on the southern mature industrial cities. The industrial policy of the 1980s was without much result. Finally, the crisis of the early 1990s ruined a considerable part of industrial performance everywhere in the country. The era of telecommunications-driven economic growth in the 1990s led to the geographical pattern of growing employment in few urban areas and some localities adjacent to cities. The long, vigorous growth period (up to the year 2001), comparable with the growth of the late 1960s and early 1970s, diffused to rural municipalities, but the geographical pattern of this boom was oriented more towards the west and south than in the 1970s.
Stalin and the scientists : a history of triumph and tragedy 1905-1953
Creative democracy : systematic conflict resolution and policymaking in a world of high science and technology
Science and science policy in the Arab world
Directing technology : policies for promotion and control
The nationalization of scientific knowledge in the Habsburg Empire, 1848-1918
The outer circle : women in the scientific community
Social processes of scientific development
The triangular relationship between the social, the political and the cultural has opened up social and political theory to new challenges. The social can no longer be reduced to the category of society, and the political extends beyond the traditional concerns of the nature of the state and political authority. This Handbook will address a range of issues that have recently emerged from the disciplines of social and political theory, focusing on key themes as opposed to schools of thought or major theorists. It is divided into three sections which address: the most influential theoretical traditions that have emerged from the legacy of the twentieth century the most important new and emerging frameworks of analysis today the major theoretical problems in recent social and political theory. The Routledge International Handbook of Contemporary Social and Political Theory encompasses the most up-to-date developments in contemporary social and political theory, and as such is an essential research tool for both undergraduate and postgraduate students, as well as researchers, working in the fields of political theory, social and political philosophy, contemporary social theory, and cultural theory.
The many faces of science : an introduction to scientists, values, and society
Vitenskaps- og teknologi-indikatorer for Norden : en artikkelsamling = Science and technology indicators for the Nordic Countries
Science and technology : vital national resources
Comparison of scientific and technological policies of Community Member States : Denmark : COPOL 88
A companion to the anthropology of Europe
Politics and the restraint of science
Towards a sustainable well-being society : building blocks for a new socio-economic model
Science and technology policy in the 1980s and beyond
We investigate the evolution of Finnish science policy and its impact on universities and scientific research. Finnish research is currently enjoying far greater international visibility, impact, and esteem than previously. The role of universities in society has broadened. Apart from their traditional tasks of research and teaching, universities have established closer links with business and responded to regional needs. A number of national reforms carried out in the 1990s launched a heated debate between universities and public authorities. Contested topics include the 'centre of excellence' policy, large-scale research programmes, and graduate schools. These reforms injected new dynamism into Finnish universities, but created new challenges as well. The structure of university research funding changed significantly during the 1990s. In real terms, research expenditure covered from Government budget sources increased by 17 percent, while external, often competitive funding increased by twofold. We believe that this dependency on outside funding may make research more short-sighted and vulnerable over the long run. In order to maintain the quality of Finnish research, science policy ought to be anchored to the needs of universities and scientific research more firmly than during the 1990s and budget funding ought to be increased. These actions would guarantee a more stable development of scientific enterprise and thus strenghten the positive socio-economic impact of research on regions and on society as a whole.
Between location and a sense of place : observations regarding young people's migration alacrity in Northern Europe
The savant and the state : science and cultural politics in Nineteenth-Century France
The Politics of American science, 1939 to the present
Science policy studies from a small country perspective
Governmental science policy in Finland : report on the Finnish science administration, finances and policies
Science and technology in post-Mao China
Adaptive learning and monetary policy design
The Road to Parenthood: Income and First Births in Sweden
Corporate social-responsibility and environmental management
Einstein and Soviet ideology
Outlook on science policy
Authority, responsibility and justice in environmental politics : papers from the 8. Nordic environmental social science research conference June 18-20, 2007 : Workshop 1
Social climate of forest bioenergy development in China among forestry stakeholders
Science policy in Finland : studies and documents. 1.
This highly unique book takes a fundamental look at when and how a government can fail at its core responsibility of formulating rules. Government, representing society, relates to the economy by formulating the rules within which (market) players should operate. Although market and business failure are much discussed in the economics literature, government failure is often overlooked. This book addresses this gap, exploring in detail what constitutes government failure. Wilfred Dolfsma illustrates that it is not adequate to discuss government failure simply with reference to its level of expenditure, as is usually the case. Defining government failure and analysing it in the domains of health care, innovation and technology, he explores topics such as how market and society relate, consequences of conflicts between government policies, how government should (not) intervene, the vulnerability of institutions and rules (set out by government), and suggests a welfare perspective for evaluative purposes. This stimulating and thought provoking book will prove a fascinating read for academics, researchers and advanced students in economics - particularly public choice and institutional economics - public administration, policy studies, and law and economics.
Finland drug situation 2010 : new developments, trends and in-depth information on selected issues : 2010 national report to the EMCDDA
OECD science, technology and industry outlook. 2004.
Climate confusion : how global warming hysteria leads to bad science, pandering politicians and misguided policies that hurt the poor
Evaluating applied research : lessons from Japan
English summary (s. 202-207).
World directory of research projects, studies and courses in science and technology policy = Répertoire mondial de projets de recherche, d'études et de cours dans le domaine des politiques scientifiques et technologiques = Repertorio mundial de proyectos de investigación, estudios y cursos relativos a las políticas científicas y tecnológicas
Goal-setting for Finnish forest research policy of the 1970's : a plan concerning the potential effectiveness of forest research activities in the implementation of the Government science policy program
University research performance : influence of funding competition, policy steering and micro-level factors
Summary (s. 1-3).
Science between the superpowers
Managing the research university
Scientists, business, and the state, 1890-1960
From welfare to innovation : STI policies under the spotlight
Problems of science policy : seminar held at Jouy-en-Josas (France) 19th-25th February 1967.
Social sciences and innovation
The Lysenko effect : the politics of science
Pasts and futures, or, What is history for?
The birth of biopolitics : lectures at the Collège de France, 1978-1979
All governments strive to develop and implement policies that contribute to innovation. Both in academic research and policy circles, the concept of National Innovation Systems has represented a significant approach to industrial policy, research and development, and innovation. This book will review the development and implementation of this approach, and its strengths and weakness by considering the experience of Finland, widely regarded as a model of the information society, high-quality equal education, and systemic innovation policy amongst the Nordic welfare states, which themselves have increasingly topped the lists in national competitiveness. The first part of the book analyzes the foundations, emergence, and development of the National Innovation System approach and its adoption in Finnish science and technology policy throughout the 1990s and 2000s. In the second part of the book an alternative viewpoint to innovation and welfare policy is outlined, based on the idea of capability cultivating institutions as a key foundation, both for national welfare and competitiveness. The development of the Finnish comprehensive school and its special education system is studied in order to clarify the nature of institutional change and learning, and the conditions of governing and developing the enabling services. The concept of an enabling welfare state is developed to answer the challenges of the Nordic model of welfare in a globalizing knowledge-driven economy.
Science without myth : on constructions, reality, and social knowledge
Megascience : the OECD Forum. Connections among scientists, agencies and governments in decision making for regional and/or global megaprojects
Neutron beams and synchrotron radiation sources
The Finnish competition state and entrepreneurial policies in the Helsinki region
Essays on psychology and morality in economic analysis of law
Thoughts and deeds : language and the practice of political theory
Fiscal policy in a two-sector model of a small open economy
Megascience policy issues
The need for a broad cultural base for the governance of modern scientific and technological activities
The economics of tourism [Ellibs-kirja]
Major challenges for the governance of national research and innovation policies in small European countries
Comparative evaluation of science & technology policies in Lithuania, Latvia and Estonia
Southeast Asia and Finland : seminar report
The politics of world politics
Is sociology ever legitimate?
Changing definitions of Asia
Scientific innovation, philosophy, and public policy
In the name of science
S&T discussions in parliament perceptions of MPs : summary
Science policy and national development : two single study of a particular and general cases
Higher education policies in the EU and in the People's Republic of China : a comparative approach
The technology of transition : science and technology policies for transition countries
The Academy of Finland : a forward look
Scientific freedom : an anthology on freedom of scientific research
PISA06 Finland : analyses, reflections and explanations
Organising innovative research : the inner life of university departments
Science and technology in the United Kingdom
This paper considers the effect of income on the risk of having the first births in Sweden from 1968 to 2009. Variations by gender are given particular atention. The study follows men and women from the moment they turn 18 until they enter parenthood and it is based on register-based data covering the entire population of Sweden. Complementary log-log models show that there is a positive association between income and the risk of childbearing. The association gets stronger over time and the differences between men and women diminish. Gender differences appear when the income effect is related to the demand for work in the economy. An income above the median does not increase the risk of childbearing for women when the demand for work is relatively high.
Academia and state socialism : essays on the political history of academic life in post-1945 Hungary and Eastern Europe
The international transmission of monetary policy in a dollar pricing model
The scientific estate
Science and technology in Scandinavia
Nordicum : Scandinavian business magazine
OECD reviews of innovation policy : New Zealand
Social justice isn't what you think it is
Investing in the future : an international comparison of government funding of academic and related research
European science and technology policy : towards integration or fragmentation?
Debunking economics : the naked emperor dethroned?
"Male menopause" : the birth of a new illness?
A forward look
Science in the federal government : a history of policies and activities
On libertarian science policy : does science need nurturing?
Global finance and the macroeconomy
"Controversies over issues such as genetically engineered food, foot-and-mouth disease and the failure of risk models in the global financial crisis have raised concerns about the quality of expert scientific advice. The legitimacy of experts, and of the political decision-makers and policy-makers whom they advise, essentially depends on the quality of the advice. But what does quality mean in this context, and how can it be achieved? This volume argues that the quality of scientific advice can be ensured by an appropriate institutional design of advisory organisations. Using examples from a wide range of international case studies, including think tanks, governmental research institutes, agencies and academies, the authors provide a systematic guide to the major problems and pitfalls encountered in scientific advice and the means by which organisations around the world have solved these problems"--
The Research system in the 1980's : public policy issues
China's science and technology policy, 1949-1989
Science and technology policies in Finland and Hungary : a comparative study
Management of science and technology in Namibia : opportunities and challenges : proceedings of the workshop organized by Multidisciplinary Research Centre, University of Namibia, held on 4-6 March in Windhoek, Namibia
Scientific research and social goals : towards a new development model
Science policy and research in Finland
The European Community's research policy
The advisers : scientists in the policy process
Russian climate politics : when science meets policy
Government failure : society, markets and rules
Priorities : speeches and deeds
Nonlinearities in exchange rate : evidence from smooth transition regression model
Science and technology policy review 1987
Science policy in Finland : studies and documents. 2
A Companion to the Anthropology of Europe offers a survey of contemporary Europeanist anthropology and European ethnology, and a guide to emerging trends in this geographical field of research. Providing a synthesis of the different traditions and contemporary approaches, the book is both thematic and fully cross-European in its approach.
Comparison of scientific and technological policies of Community Member States : Federal Republic of Germany : COPOL 88
Conclusions (s. 145-158).
Vitenskaps- og teknologi-indikatorer for Norden : en artikkelsamling = Science and technology indicators for the Nordic countries
Science and society
Scientific knowledge and its social problems
Russian intelligence gathering for domestic R&D : short cut or dead end for modernisation?
Reviews of national science and technology policy. Turkey
Private science : biotechnology and the rise of the molecular sciences
Policy research in educational settings : contested terrain
Science, technology and innovation : 2000 information guide
Powerless science? : science and politics in a toxic world
Science, technology, and public policy
Spatial turns of manufacturing since 1970.
Pasts and futures or what is history for?
Evaluation of Finnish astronomy : report of an evaluation panel established by the Academy of Finland
Science and technology in Japan
Science and technology in the management of complex problems
America's golden bough : the science advisory intertwist
Attractors of Thoughts
Globalisation, global justice and social work
Finnish programme for centres of excellence in research 2002-2007
Routledge international handbook of contemporary social and political theory
Science and the policies of governments : the implications of science and technology for national and international affairs
Cities in Transition focuses on the sustainability transitions initiated in 40 European cities. The book presents the incredible wealth of insights gathered through hundreds of interviews and questionnaires. Four key domains-local energy systems, local green spaces, local water systems and local labour markets-have been the focus of the field research investigating local potentials for social innovation and new forms of civil society self-organisation. Examining the potential of new organizational frameworks like co-operatives, multi-stakeholder constructions, local-regional partnerships and networks for the success of such transitions, this book presents the key ingredients of a sustainable urban community as a viable concept to address current global financial, environmental and social challenges. Crucial reading for academics and practitioners of urban planning and sustainability in Europe, Cities in Transition is an innovative roadmap for sustainability in changing cities.
The state and quality of scientific research in Finland 2009
The state and quality of scientific research in Finland : a review of scientific research and its environment in the late 1990's
Terminologies for the eighties : with a special section: 10 years of Infoterm
The elusive frontier : on the emergence and change of a science-society contract
Internationalisation of Finnish scientific research
OECD reviews of innovation policy : Luxembourg
Astronomy
Science and society : action plan
Plant science in Finland 2005-2009 : evaluation report
Comparison of scientific and technological policies of Community Member States : Italy : COPOL 88
Utilization of research results the case of environmental and nutrition research
Science studies and science policy : proceedings of the Finnish-Bulgarian symposium
Language and globalization
Capacity-building in science and technology in the third world : problems, isuues, and strategies
The politics of western science, 1640 - 1990
Nursing and caring sciences : evaluation report
The third transformation of Japan : an institutional narrative on agglomeration economies in abenomics
The Sage handbook of governance
Finland's research clusters : important assets for a new member of the European Union
Approaches to the science of socio-economic development
Science & society : papers from the 4S/EASST Conference, Göteborg, 12-15 August 1992, [vol. III]
Masters of the universe : Hayek, Friedman, and the birth of neoliberal politics
Finnish economic papers
Finland : a knowledge-based society
The honest broker : making sense of science in policy and politics
China's science, technology, and education
A fragile power : scientists and the state
21st century education : a reference handbook. Volume 1
Searching for the human factor : psychology, power and ideology in Hungary during the early Kádár period
Science for public policy
Academic science, higher education, and the federal government, 1950-1983
The business of science : the risks and rewards of research and development
Science speaks to power : the role of experts in policy making
Representations of science and technology : proceedings of the International Conference on Science and Technology Indicators, Bielefeld, Federal Republic of Germany, 10-12 June 1990
Discourses, boundaries and scales : Estonian territorial politics in the 'new' Europe
This book analyses higher education from cultural perspectives and also to reflect on the uses of intellectual devices developed in the cultural studies of higher education over the last decades. The first part of the book presents fresh perspectives to integrate cultural studies in higher education with wider societal processes. Professor William G. Tierney speaks about trust and culture in higher education, whereas Professor Imanol Ordorika opens a political perspective to higher education institutions. The second part of the book studies the internal life of higher education. Relying on a variety of cultural perspectives, the chapters explore the actual day-to-day practices taking place in higher education, ranging from student socialisation, student consumerism, tensions in combining academic and market-oriented targets in knowledge production to the formation of academic identities in different disciplinary and organisational cultures. The focus in the third part of the book is to use cultural perspectives developed in previous studies on disciplinary and organisational cultures as a framework to understand a variety of processes and reforms taking place at the institutional level of high education. The chapters in this part of the book analyse the Bologna Process, the evolution of scientific fields in American universities, organisational cultures in Chinese post-merger universities, and doctoral education and cooperation with industry.
The body problematic : political imagination in Kant and Foucault
Development of an eco- and material-efficient pellet production chain : a chemical study
OECD science, technology and industry outlook. 2008.
World social science report : knowledge divides
Science in the modern world polity : institutionalization and globalization
OECD reviews of innovation policy : South Africa
East European academies in transition
From national prestige to the level of excellence
OECD science, technology and industry outlook 2002.
Background readings on science, technology, and energy R. & D. in Japan and China
The spirit of the game : navigational aids for the next century
Science policies of industrial nations : Case studies of the United States, Soviet Union, United Kingdom, France, Japan, and Sweden
A review of and recommendations for the development of scientific research
What about cultural policy? : interdisciplinary perspectives on culture and politics
Encountering the changing Barents : research challenges and opportunities
Transformation of science in Poland
Computer science research in Finland 2000-2006 : international evaluation
Research and revolution; science policy and societal change in China
Finnish Yearbook of Population Research 47
From poverty economics to global social policy : a sociology of aid for poverty reduction
On the conditions for objectivity : how to avoid bias in socially relevant research
Perspectives in the sociology of science
The science of science policy : a handbook
Innovation, human capabilities, and democracy : towards an enabling welfare state
From basic research to expert services
The regional innovation system bottom-up : a Finnish perspective
Science and society : evidence
World science report. 1998.
Global change of planet earth : megascience
Contribution to global environmental governance? : viewpoint from pension funds and United Nations Responsible Investment
A science policy for Britain
Heidegger's crisis : philosophy and politics in Nazi Germany
The fragile contract : university science and the federal government
Lost at the frontier : U.S. science and technology policy adrift
The politics of scientific advice : institutional design for quality assurance
Review 1990 : guidelines for science and technology policy in the 1990's
Science policy in Estonia
Abstract (s. 7).
This discussion paper is an attempt to lay out a path toward a more sustainable society. It introduces several principles of sustainable well-being that meet the key sustainability challenges of advanced societies. Taken together, these principles form a vision of a sustainable well-being society.In addition, the paper analyzes the changing role of government in the transition towards sustainability. --Publisher's description.
Ivory bridges : connecting science and society
Technology on trial : public participation in decision-making related to science and technology
Technology transfer in Europe : public and private networks
Tiedenaisia = Vetenskapskvinnor = Women of learning
Mental health in Europe - new challenges, new opportunities : report from a European Conference 9-11 October 2003, Bilbao, Spain
Essays on agricultural and environmental policy
Nordic statement of principles and priorities in arctic research
The discipline of curiosity : science in the world
We scholars : changing the culture of the university
Cities in transition : social innovation for Europe's urban sustainability
Implementing Open Access mandates in Europe : OpenAIRE Study on the Development of Open Access Repository Communities in Europe
Proceedings of the International Seminar on "Organizational structures of Science in Europe" : Istituto Veneto di Scienze, Lettere ed Arti Venice, Italy 27-29 April 1992
