http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13690 hymns
hymns
Music for funeral and memorial services
Songs of fellowship
Flexibility, involment and localisation: Norsk salmebok II (2010/2011)
The Novello book of British hymns : 50 hymn arrangements for SATB choir and concregation
Favourite anthem book. 1, Twenty-five anthems for SATB
The articles of this compilation are based on a selection of conference papers and presentations held in the international hymnological conference Hymn Song Society in October 2014 in Espoo, Finland. The conference was organized as a co-operation of an academic research project of hymns and spiritual songs conducted in Finland and the Nordic Hymnological Research Network. In the Finnish research project, a special emphasis was placed on researching the contemporary situation of hymns and songs in society. This viewpoint frames also the contents of this book where the articles are independent, peer reviewed academic studies. Thematically, the book is divided into three sections. The first one deals with the numerous functions and meanings of hymns in the Christian church and society at large. The second section in the book has a focus on hymnals in different national contexts. The third section addresses experiences with spiritual songs, as well as the meanings and influence that spiritual songs have had during the course of life. The themes of the articles cover a wide range over hymnological, musicological and societal topics. The articles deal with both hymns and spiritual songs, their texts, melodies, singers and contexts; their environments varying from the Finnish and Scandinavian countries, and crossing over the Northern European borders as well. The authors are academic researchers and scholars on Church music, Theology, Religious education, History, Social sciences, and Cultural studies.
On hymns and hymn-books
Pastorit areenalla. II
Children of the heav'nly king : religious expression in the central blue ridge
Rejoice, the Lord is king! : great hymns from Westminster Abbey
The Methodist hymnal : official hymnal of the Methodist Episcopal Church and the Methodist Episcopal Church, South
Let Zion move : Music of the Shakers
A collection of sacred hymns, for the church of the latter day saints
How great Thou art
A selection from your 100 best hymns
African American heritage hymnal
Home to thanksgiving : songs of thanks and praise
Fanny Crosby still lives
"I can sing Hallellujah!" : hymn as non-elite women's genre in nineteenth-century Finland
The folklore of Spain in the American Southwest : traditional Spanish folk literature in northern New Mexico and Southern Colorado
Laudamus : hymnal for the Lutheran World Federation = Gesangbuch für den Lutherischen Weltbund = Psalmbok för Lutherska världsförbundet
Ylistaron kirkon urut = The organ of Ylistaro Church
A dictionary of hymnology, setting forth the origin and history of Christian hymns of all ages and nations. 2, O to Z
Iona Abbey music book : songs from the Iona Abbey worship book
An intertextual study of the psalms of Solomon : pseudepigrapha
The English hymnal service book
Star boys' farewell
Favourite anthem book. 8 : Twenty anthems for SATB
The English hymnal : treble part
The power and the glory
Hymns ancient and modern : for use in the services of the church : with appendix
The new Novello book of short & easy anthems for mixed-voice chorus
Psalms for the sundays of year C
A collection of hymns, for the use of the people called methodists : with a supplement
Psalms for the sundays of year B
Renewing worship songbook : new hymns and songs for provisional use
Marketed recordings of hymns : old wine in new wineskins? : a musico-sociological study of developments and reception in the Nordic region since 1991
The soundscape of Karelian laments
Favourite anthem book. 7 : Twenty-five anthems for SATB
The Cambridge hymnal
Christmas source : a comprehensive seasonal collection
Trav'ling home : American spirituals 1770-1870
A dictionary of hymnology, setting forth the origin and history of Christian hymns of all ages and nations. 1, A to O
Colours of grace : Gesangbuch der Gemeinschaft Evangelischer Kirchen in Europa (GEKE) : Hymnbook of the Community of Protestant Churches in Europe (CPCE) : Livre de cantiques de la Communion d'Églises Protestantes en Europe (CEPE)
The Lutheran hymnal
Laudamus : hymnal for the Assembly of the Lutheran World Federation = Gesangbuch für die Vollversammlung des Lutherischen Weltbundes = Psalmbok för Lutherska världsförbundets generalförsamling
Pastorit areenalla II
Preaching from home : the stories of seven Lutheran women hymn writers
4-chord hymns for guitar
The Complete New English Hymnal. Volume 3
The everlasting hills : hymns from the Isle of Man = Ny crink veayn : arraneyn-moyllee veih Ellan Vannin
Praises resound! : a collection of hymns by Svein Ellingsen
Table of Plenty : Favorite Worship Songs
English praise : a supplement to the English hymnal : full music edition
Charles Wesley : poet and theologian
Praising the God of grace : the theology of Charles Wesley's hymns : participant
The Complete New English Hymnal. Volume 4
Stories behind popular songs and hymns
Pious hymns and Devil's music : Michael Agricola (c. 1507-1557) and Jacobus Finno (c. 1540-1588) on church song and folk beliefs
Traditional hymns
HYMNS : ANCIENT & MODERN
Anthems from King's
Favourite anthem book. 5 : Thirty anthems for unison and two parts / arranged by Richard Lloyd
Fantasized chorales : text-driven aspect to Max Reger's work Drei Phantasien für Orgel, Op. 52
The hymn tune index : a census of English-language hymn tunes in printed sources from 1535 to 1820
Songs of glory : stories of 300 great hymns and gospel songs
The song of the stars : British music for upper voice choir
The story of war : church and propaganda in France and Sweden 1610–1710
Hymns of faith
Hymns and songs
The new English hymnal
Sing with understanding : an introduction to Christian hymnology
Cantate Domino : World's Student Christian Federation hymnal
Goostly psalmes : Anglo-American psalmody 1550-1800 = Psaumes anglo-américains de 1550 à 1800
Singing the Lord's song in a strange land : hymnody in the history of North American Protestantism
Great hymns. Level 1
Marketed recordings of hymns: old wine in new wineskins? : a musico-sociological study of developments and reception in the Nordic region since 1991.
Service book and hymnal of the Lutheran Church in America
Hymnal companion to the Lutheran Book of worship
Complete psalms for S.A.T.B
Psalms for the sundays of year A
English hymns
Sing them over again to me : hymns and hymnbooks in America
Epiphany at St Paul's
Praising the God of grace : the theology of Charles Wesley's hymns : Leader
Love is forever = Good news
Lamentations : introduction, translation, and notes
Congregational song : proposals for renewal
Praises resound! : A collection of hymns by Svein Ellingsen : Music by contemporary Norwegian composers
The Gibbons hymnal : hymns and anthems
Abstract: Ystävä sä lapsien : collection of Finnish language children's hymns and spiritual songs from 1824-1938 and their influence on the Hymnal 1938.
The Complete New English Hymnal. Volume 16
Hymns & gospel tunes for cello & piano
Singing the Gospel : Lutheran hymns and the success of the Reformation
The Complete New English Hymnal. Volume 10
Time to sing!
Rikas rakas vanha Rauma = Old Rauma near and dear
The Novello book of hymns
American hymns old and new
Changes in the poetics of song during the Finnish Reformation
Songs of the Doukhobors : an introductory outline
Favourite anthem book. 1 : Twenty-five anthems for SATB
Christian hymnody in twentieth-century Britain and America : an annotated bibliography
Songs of fellowship. 2
The Complete New English Hymnal. Volume 18
Hymns for flute and piano made easy
Sacred songs and solos : twelve hundred pieces
Jonah & Lamentations
The Complete New English Hymnal. Volume 12
Laudamus : hymnal for the assembly of the Lutheran World Federation = Gesangbuch für die Vollversammlung des Lutherischen Weltbundes = Psalmbok för Lutherska världsförbundets generalförsamling
Studies in the Book of Lamentations
Let's sing together! : hymns and songs for children
New hymns and songs
Historical companion to Hymns ancient & modern
The Church hymnary : with music
