http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13676 patient instructions
patient instructions
Religions, culture, and healthcare : a practical handbook for use in healthcare environments
Developing the guiding for non-Finnish speaking mothers in Salo maternity unit
Patient teaching made incredibly easy
A randomized controlled trial of combined manipulative therapy, stabilizing exercises and specialist consultation compared to specialist consultation alone for chronic low back pain
Communication skills for health and social care
Empowerment by the written patient instructions at the emergency policlinic
B is for breast cancer : from anxiety to recovery and everything in between - a beginner's guide
Safe pharmacotherapy : national guide for pharmacotherapy in social and health care : an abbreviated version
Written patient education in pediatric nursing – in treatment of child patients with infectious diseases
"About one in every thousand babies born each year has clubfoot, a disorder that affects foot and calf muscles. Because treatment usually begins soon after birth and continues for several years, parents play a key role in the treatment of clubfoot and need to be able to communicate effectively with their child's doctor. The Parents' Guide to Clubfoot is the only book about clubfoot that is written for parents so they can learn everything they need to know about their child's condition. It is an all-in-one resource with medical information, advice from parents, comments from clubfoot experts, and even an illustrated story for preschoolers that parents can read aloud to their children. Written in everyday language, the book covers clubfoot in babies and older children from diagnosis through treatment for mild to severe cases. It provides details on clubfoot, its causes, treatment and care, along with an extensive list of resources and clubfoot assessment aids. In keeping with currently preferred treatments in the U.S., it emphasizes the Ponseti method, which minimizes surgery, and includes perspectives from Ponseti-trained clubfoot doctors and parents of children with clubfoot. However, separate chapters discuss all pre-treatment and post-treatment care options and one chapter covers surgery and post-surgery care if it becomes necessary"--
Essentials of patient education
Hip osteoarthritis
A citizen's guide to chronic disease care : taking action to make your voice heard
Abstract:.
Abstract: Relaxation : part of pain relieving in chronic pain.
Nurse as educator : principles of teaching and learning for nursing practice
Empowering patient education : development of educational intervention for school-age children with type 1 diabetes and their parents
Basic nursing : essentials for practice
Cognitively empowering internet-based patient education for ambulatory orthopaedic surgery patients
The user-friendliness of patient information leaflets and labelling : case: Oftaquix
The Bowel Surgery: Understanding Common Indications for  Bowel Surgery, and Necessary Nutrition Support and Patient Guide.
Preparation for Colonoscopy : Instructions for Non-Finnish Speaking Patient
The bowel surgery : understanding common indications for bowel surgery, and necessary nutrition support and patient guide
Mendor one : improving quality of self-care for persons with type 2 diabetes with insulin treatment
Abstract: Chronic pain as part of life : a client folder in the pain clinic of Kuopio University Hospital.
Euthanasia in Europe : national laws, medical guidelines, ethical aspects
Burn management ; Ambulatory surgery
A randomized controlled trial of combined manipulative therapy, stabilizing exercises, and specialist consultation compared to specialist consultation alone for chronic low back pain
Learn, understand and communicate - tools for good patient education with a multicultural patient : A Literature Review
Measurement tools in patient education
Non-pharmacological methods in children's postoperative pain relief in China
Spinal cord stimulation a treatment method for neuropathic pain : directive for patients and nurses
An educational tool of exercise therapy for people with early symptoms of hip osteoarthritis
Prevention of diabetic foot problems in Eastern Finland: the diabetics' own view on their feet condition, foot self-care practices, education and monitoring.
Health behavior change : a guide for practitioners
Patient care standards : collaborative planning and nursing interventions
Abstract: Multimedia patient education for ACL rehabilitation.
Multimedia patient education for ACL rehabilitation
NVQs in nursing and residential care homes
The purpose of this study was to gather existing information about experienced stroke patient carers' perspectives on the support and educational needs required during the rehabilitation phase of stroke patients. The aim of the study was to create an educational and easy-to-read booklet for stroke patient carers, which covers coping strategies they may apply in their everyday lives. In addition, the aim was to increase nurses' understanding of the difficulties stroke patient carers face during the rehabilitation phase.    This Functional Bachelor's thesis was produced as project work. The project was conducted in close co-operation with nurses from rehabilitation ward of Hatanpään Puisto Hospital. The experiences of stroke patient carers, as detailed in research studies, form the basis of the information provided in the booklet.     The booklet provides stroke patient carers with information, education, and support. It also highlights aspects that experienced stroke patient carers found important in patient care. This booklet is produced for the rehabilitation ward in Hatanpään Puisto Hospital. Nurses in the hospital environment can assess the effectiveness of this information. Such information may ease new stroke patient carers' lives, give deeper understanding of the changes that may exist, and facilitate a quicker adaptation to their new roles.        Key words: stroke patient carers, project, an educational booklet.
The nurse's guide to teaching diabetes self-management
Configuring health consumers : health work and the imperative of personal responsibility
Counselling in health care settings : a handbook for practitioners
Interpersonal relationships : professional communication skills for nurses
The parents' guide to clubfoot
A patient's guide to medical imaging
Promoting health
Facilitating orientation : An Orientation Guide for Foreign Nurses Coming to Work in Nurmikoti Nursing Home
For you...coping as a stroke patient carer
Feeling like Alice in Wonderland? : day surgery guidelines for English speaking patients
Rheumatoid arthritis patient education and self-efficacy
Occupational therapy and dementia care : the home environmental skill-building program for individuals and families
Adoption of information technology based patient education in psychiatric nursing
In sickness and in health : how information and knowledge are related to health behaviour
Health education : patients' learning needs after coronary artery bypass grafting surgery
Preparing children for general anaesthesia : English - Somali booklet
Personalized patient education and the internet : linking health information to the electronic patient record : STEPPS in burn care
Empowering orthopaedic patients through education
Welcome to practise in gastroenterogical wards : An Orientation Guide for Exchange Nursing Students
Preoperative assessment and patient teaching : preoperative forms and guidelines for a LEIKO unit
