http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13649 Project (computer programmes)
Project (computer programmes)
Microsoft Project 2007
Market positioning in project process : case World Exposition Shanghai 2010
Project management for telecommunications managers
Global project management : communication, collaboration and management across borders
The Human Genome Diversity Project (HGDP) was launched in 1991 by a group of population geneticists whose aim was to map genetic diversity in hundreds of human populations by tracing the similarities and differences between them. It quickly became controversial and was accused of racism and 'bad science' because of the special interest paid to sampling cell material from isolated and indigenous populations. The author spent a year carrying out participant observation in two of the laboratories involved and provides fascinating insights into daily routines and technologies used in those laboratories and also into issues of normativity, standardization and naturalisation. Drawing on debates and theoretical perspectives from across the social sciences, M'charek explores the relationship between the tools used to produce knowledge and the knowledge thus produced in a way that illuminates the HGDP but also contributes to our broader understanding of the contemporary life sciences and their social implications.
Advanced project portfolio management and the PMO : multiplying ROI at warp speed
"The Project Management Lifecycle" is the first book of its kind, providing a complete methodology for the management of projects. No longer will managers have to outsource to large consulting firms to ensure that their project is managed in a methodical fashion. Managers will now be able to implement best practice methods in-house saving them time and money. This book reveals the unique Method 123 Project Management Methodology by defining the phases, activities and tasks required to complete a project. It's different because it describes the lifecycle clearly and prescriptively, without the complex terminology rife throughout the industry. Its comprehensive coverage, consistent depth and suite of tools will help managers to undertake projects successfully.
The thesis studies current marketing conventions of international high-technology research laboratories in Europe and is done for the UNELMA-project. UNELMA is a joint project between Finnish and Swedish universities and institutions funded by the European Union, the Provincial Government of Norbotten, Lapin Liitto and Interreg IV A. The project wishes to create a network of professional services which will benefit companies in the Bothnian Arc between Finland and Sweden. The study itself intends to give possible examples of how high-technology professional services are marketed internationally and how to apply their practices to Finnish and Swedish high-technology marketing, the UNELMA-project's marketing in particular. Actual high-technology issues or operations in the respective field will not be discussed in this thesis. The knowledge base of the thesis relies on B2B-marketing, services marketing and digital marketing. The applied research method is benchmarking through case studies. Case studies were chosen as it was the best way of having information about the organizations the UNELMA-project and its managers were interested in. Recommendations of possible marketing practices and operations for UNELMA will be presented.
Implementing and administering Microsoft Project server 2010
GO! with Microsoft Office 2010 : discipline specific projects
Reducing ICT project failure with scope management
Microsoft project 2010 inside out
"There is an ongoing and strong projectification of business and working life. This movement goes beyond traditional project organized sectors like construction, consultancy, media and entertainment. Project thinking is spreading to most parts of society including industrial enterprises, governmental organizations, educational institutions and volunteer groups. Not only do people relate to projects and to project organizing in their working lives, but they even speak and think of their daily activities in project terms. When faced with an institutional context shaped and embedded by an earlier, now by and large foregone Industrial Society, a shift towards Project Society can lead to frustration and problems may appear as a result of this imbalance"--
Directing successful projects with PRINCE2
Handbook for small projects
Guide to project management : getting it right and achieving lasting benefit
Project management in practice : Evaluating a case project through project management theories
Microsoft office 2003 inside out
Information technology project management
The complete idiot's guide to project management
Evaluation of Project Achievements in VOMARE -project
"In this book, leading authorities on project organizing explore the growing deployment of projects and other types of temporary organizations in business, with a focus on the challenges created by projectification. The way projects are coordinated and handled influences the success of innovation and change within organizations and is critical for strategic development in our societies, yet it is often at odds with the institutions of traditional industrial society. Drawing on both theoretical perspectives and real-world cases, this book sheds light on the transformation towards a project society and explores the effects, opportunities and conflicts it has created. As change continues, the authors make a case for renewing institutions and mindsets and provide a foundation from which to discuss societal changes for the future. This is an invaluable book for researchers and students in project management and organizational theory programs, as well as professionals involved in the management of projects"--
Using actual cases from educational, health-related, & business settings, Rita O'Sullivan shows readers how to practice evaluation using a collaborative approach - one which involves stakeholders in the evaluation process.
Scientists and policymakers have realised that localities are central to addressing the causes and consequences of global environmental change. The goal of the Human-Environment Regional Observatory project (HERO) was to develop the infrastructure necessary to monitor and understand the local dimensions of global change. This book presents the philosophy behind HERO, the methods used to put that philosophy into action, its results, and the lessons learned from the project. HERO used three strategies: it developed research protocols and data standards for collecting data; it built a web-based networking environment to help investigators share data, analyses and ideas from remote locations; and investigators field-tested these concepts by applying them in diverse biophysical and socioeconomic settings - central Massachusetts, central Pennsylvania, southwestern Kansas, and the US-Mexico border region of Arizona. The book highlights the unique focus of HERO regarding thinking and acting on complex, integrative, and interdisciplinary global change science at local scales, and is valuable for global change scientists.
A monitoring and evaluation report of the conservation agriculture project 1 (CAP1) in Zambia
Development of project management and financial management solutions
The author examines criminal behaviour from birth to adulthood in a sample of nearly 1,000 subjects in order to determine the biological and sociological influences on violence. Over 100 predictors of violent behaviour found to be significant in past biological and sociological studies of crime are analysed. The results indicate that both biological and environmental factors produce strong, and independent, effects on both delinquency and adult crime and violence among both males and females. Powerful influences on violence include behavioural disorder during youth, low school achievement, hyperactivity, lead poisoning, and low levels of parental education. The results do not confirm the findings of previous studies that indicate direct relationships between delinquency and early intelligence, mental retardation, socioeconomic status, or early central nervous system dysfunction. The author concludes that many of the factors contributing to criminal and violent behaviour can be prevented because they have clear environmental origins that can be eliminated.
Microsoft project 2010 step by step
The Oxford handbook of project management
Models & methods for project selection : concepts from management science, finance, and information technology
The message conveyed in this work is that agility can be implemented anywhere. Accordingly, ten guidelines are presented for the adoption of agility to enable us to cope with changes in our lives, in our teams, and in our organizations. Since the authors advocate agility, the content is presented in the form of concise standalone chapters, allowing the reader to focus on the specific topic they wish to adopt in order to become agile.
This bachelor thesis is about how to study and integrate Bootstrap 3 into OpixManager. The purpose is to improve user interface of OpixManager application. OpixManager is constructed by using CodeIgniter and Model-View-Controller (MVC) framework. OpixManager application is for project management. It includes staff augmentation, customer management, report management and so on. It is to support both scrum and traditional software development process. There are two major parts included in this thesis work. The theoretical part is about studying what is responsive web design, and what components are included in Bootstrap 3. The author also study how OpixManager's CodeIgniter interrelates among the model, the view and the controller in the theoretical part. The theoretical framework gives the author knowledge how to integrate Bootstrap template to OpixManager's user interface. The empirical part is actual implementation and testing of template page, login page and home page as well as its link pages in OpixManager. Final results has been tested in cross-browser through local host server such as Mozilla Firefox, in Internet Explorer and in Chrome. I used Freelancer template's design in this thesis. Typography and color palette are balanced and modern. Navigation bar and grid system are responsive, they are squeezed onto a tiny mobile device or stretched onto a wide screen.
Microsoft Project : basics
International project management : leadership in complex environments
At a pivotal point in the history of the WTO, when development issues are at the heart of negotiations, how the larger and more powerful members address the legitimate concerns of its poorest and most vulnerable members will shape the perception of the institution throughout the century. This book aims not only to document almost ten years of experience of small states with the WTO but also to explain this experience. It takes an evidential theory approach to explaining the features characteristic to the trade and economic development of small island states. It then highlights the issues of concern to these states in relation to negotiations at the WTO. The experience of the African Caribbean and Pacific (ACP) countries with the WTO dispute settlement mechanism is discussed, and the book ends with a discussion of key negotiating issues for the island states and institutional arrangements to facilitate reform.
Mastering Project Management Strategy and Processes is part of a new series of six cutting-edge project management guides for both working practitioners and students. Like all books in this series, it offers deep practical insight into the successful design, management, and control of complex modern projects. Using real case studies and proven applications, expert authors show how multiple functions and disciplines can and must be integrated to achieve a successful outcome.
Organizing ISU Nordic development project 2010-2011
Practical software process improvement
Managing and Working in Project Society : Institutional Challenges of Temporary Organizations
Shadow exchange rates for project economic analysis : toward improving practice at the Asian Development Bank
Ignite your passion : project management basics
Microsoft Project 2016 step by step
Identifying and managing project risk : essential tools for failure-proofing your project
Project management basics : how to manage your project with checklists
Monitoring manual & menu (MM&M) for CBR and other community-based disability inclusive development programs : manual
Making the best of a merger : a case study of Product Data Management Application Development Team
Microsoft Project 2010
The instant guide to project management
"Global software engineering, implying both internal and outsourced development, is a fast-growing scenario within industry; the growth rates in some sectors are more than 20% per year. However, half of all offshoring activities are cancelled within the first 2 years, at tremendous unanticipated cost to the organization. This book will provide a more balanced framework for planning global development, covering topics such as managing people in distributed sites, managing a project across locations, mitigating the risk of offshoring, processes for global development, practical outsourcing guidelines, collaboration, and communication. Drawing on the author's vast experience, it shares best practices and survival strategies from projects of various types and sizes that involve different continents and diverse cultures"--
WTO at the Margins : Small States and the Multilateral Trading System
Elements of successful project sales with a major project unit : case: GS-Hydro
Project management for business, engineering and technology : principles and technology
Agile anywhere : essays on agile projects and beyond
The battle against hunger : choice, circumstance, and the World Bank
People, international projects and public administration :  interpreting the international human resource management frame
Superior program management begins with superior information and strategy Program Management for Improved Business Results, Second Edition is a practical guide to real-world program management, written to align with the rigorous PMI PgMP certification standards
Manual for evaluation of industrial projects in Arab countries
Gower handbook of project management
The handbook of project-based management : leading strategic change in organizations
Social Entrepreneurship: A case study of the "Be A Change" project
Microsoft Project 2010 project management : real world skills for MOS certification and beyond
Project management and methods
Project Management in the Finnish Music Industry
Implementing organizational project management : a practice guide
Meteorites, Ice, and Antarctica : A Personal Account
Use of AAPO Social Workspace in a project-based work environment : a case study of an advertising agency
Decision-making process in mega-project development : narrative pattern analysis
The Business of Projects : Managing Innovation in Complex Products and Systems
Sustainable Communities on a Sustainable Planet : The Human-Environment Regional Observatory Project
Project management for environmental, safety & health professionals : 18 steps to success
Planning, monitoring and evaluation in developing organisations : sharing training and facilitation experiences
Project management tools and techniques for success
Project management : strategic design and implementation
Forest Research Capacity Strengthening in Mozambique 2012-2015 (FORECAS) : report of an Institutional Cooperation Instrument (ICI) project
Modelling complex projects
Changes in the way work is conducted nowadays have changed significantly in the last years. Digitalisation, disruptions in workflows and challenges in communication have led to an unprecedented situation that requires people to be active on multiple channels to stay up to date on information. New social technologies have emerged in response to the changing work environment and working methods. The objective of this thesis was to study if there are any benefits or advantages in using a digital workspace service, AAPO Social Workspace, in a project-based work environment in the Commissioner organisation, Avalon Oy. This thesis aims to answer those questions in order for to gain researched data, and to further develop the service. The theoretical framework concerns the fundamentals of Web 2.0, digital workspaces and project management in general. This information provides the reader with an understanding of what the main functionalities in Web 2.0 are, and an understanding of project management and some of the aspects that need to be taken into consideration. Research data was collected through a survey that was conducted in the Commissioner organisation. The results suggest that using the service is of value and holds various benefits and advantages for the employees, including centralized communications, improved communality and ease of use. Moreover, key findings illustrate that the service is of value to project managers as well in managing project teams and clients. In conclusion, this study presents the reader with an introduction to project management, an overview of Web 2.0 and its applications, and the service and its features. The results are presented in a concise way, illustrating the use of the service in the Commissioner organisation. In-depth analysis and conclusions based on the results are provided for the reader. This study may be used as a basis for further studies on the subject.
This thesis was developed in order to help the commissionaire, the Microscopy and Nanotechnology Centre at Oulu University (MNT), acquire a better understanding of the current state of the market for material analyses services in Northern Bothnia region. The main purpose of this research paper is, by using applied marketing research tools- a quantitative survey, to collect as much information possible about the customers who are purchasing material analyses in the region. The main research areas have been value creation and customers’ satisfaction, regular customer behaviour and information channels used in the purchasing process. The background analyses included a theory review of B2B marketing and the organizational behaviour in specific. Moreover a SME framework has been drawn, also the buying behaviour in organizations and the value creation has been discussed to provide to the reader a theoretical fundament for the research to come. The conveyed survey managed to successfully attract respondents in order to provide valid answers to the preliminary objectives. The main conclusions have been made in reference with the building ideal material analyses service and in considerations with the future trends on the market. A material service provider that is fast, reliable, cooperative, versatile and experienced has been stated to be the most desired research partner. Furthermore, as outsourcing seems to be the future trend in the area, the importance of heterogenic service provider has been described. There is still a demand for further analyses in the area of start-up material analyses research and the exploration of the decision making in regards with buying behaviour.
Earned value methods in Wärtsilä Finland Power Plants
Global software and IT : a guide to distributed development, rightshoring, and outsourcing
The purpose of this thesis was to examine the target company’s current situation regarding the project management tools as well as organize and carry out the system survey project and also to produce a proposal for a possible system acquisition to the management team. The final goal was to implement the new system(s), arrange training events, create user instructions and control the production transfer. Data evaluation of the current state was collected from the different users personally. The launch for the thesis was also supported by the previously held job satisfaction survey in the target company, which indicates the need for the system and process development. The obtained data was part of the requirement specification for the system survey process whose outcome was chosen a suitable system and vendor. The implementation process was carried out with the company’s project team and close cooperation with the vendor. Finally the new system(s) and the practices were successfully implemented and realized. In the end, the user satisfaction survey was arranged in order to review the practical results of implementation. The questionnaires were sent to almost 100 people around the organization. The evaluated questionnaire results show that the outcome of the implementation process was a major step forward in the company project related to tools. In addition of the project management tools, the company’s financial management system as well as other company's operations were harmonized, electrified and updated. The final review of the implementation project showed that the achieved state enables more efficient project related actions. The results prove that the final outcome is now supporting better the company’s business operations in many ways and will bring more value adding business activities around the organization. Therefore, further studies do not need to be conducted in the near future in this area but some development actions still remained to be solved. These issues relates to the existing functions of the implemented systems which need to be developed further to ensure the full utilization of the system, fulfilling the company’s future needs and guarantee a cost-effective and qualitative grow and competitiveness.
Evaluation of the project "Institutional cooperation between Mokolodi Wildlife Foundation and the Royal Norwegian Society for Development"
Project management for dummies
What are the challenges involved in protecting biodiversity in tropical terrestrial and coastal ecosystems? What practical lessons can be learned from conservation projects? And what are the procedures and attitudes of governments, NGOs, donor agencies, development banks and consulting firms? These key questions are all answered, drawing on the author's extensive experience of conservation projects in Malaysia, Nigeria, China, Indonesia, the Philippines and Costa Rica. Project descriptions illustrate two important themes in conservation: increasing the awareness of the economic value of biodiversity among decision makers and enabling and encouraging local people to participate in designing and implementing projects. The book sets out guidelines to help others design projects that are practical and effective, yet more complete and more robust than some of those designed in the recent past.
Successful project management in social work and social care : managing resources, assessing risks and measuring outcomes
Enhancing Project Management with Microsoft Office SharePoint Server 2007
Organizational project management maturity model (OPM3)
"This book will provide a more balanced framework for planning global development, covering topics such as managing people in distributed sites, managing a project across locations, mitigating the risk of offshoring, processes for global development, practical outsourcing guidelines, collaboration, and communication"--
The standard for portfolio management
PMP project management professional
LEED-new construction project management
Use of AAPO Social Workspace in a project-based work environment : A Case Study of an advertising agency
The project manager's pocket survival guide
Investing in strategies to reverse the global incidence of TB
Best practices for picking up the pieces when projects fail There are plenty of books available offering best practices that help you keep your projects on track, but offer guidance on what to do when the worst has already happened. Some studies show that more than half of all large-scale project fail either fail completely, or at least miss targeted budget and scheduling goals. These failures cost organizations time, money, and labor. Project Recovery offers wise guidance and real-world best practices for saving failed projects and recovering as much value as possible from the wreckage.
The purpose of this thesis was to take a look at digital marketing and digital marketing strategy and how it is created. Thesis was made in cooperation with UNELMA project, which was founded by European Union through Interreg IVA program, Regional Council of Lapland and Norrbotten County. The goal for this thesis was to prepare a preliminary list of keywords and texts for the networks website. Thesis process was conducted as a functional thesis. The knowledge base for this thesis came from various books and online sources. Also previous project material and meetings were used as a source. At the end of the thesis report the example keywords and website texts can be examined.
Developing an emergency response logistics programme for Tampere University of Applied Sciences
Designing the structure and content of the website for a research and analysis laboratories : part of UNELMA project
Project management step by step : how to plan and manage a highly successful project
Project management : systems, principles, and applications
Delivering on your e-promise : managing e-business projects
The rational project manager : a thinking team's guide to getting work done
Head first PMP
An introduction to Prince2 : managing and directing successful projects
Go! with Microsoft Office 2010 : getting started
It sounded good when we started : a project manager's guide to working with people on projects
Biology and Violence : From Birth to Adulthood
A commonsense guide to real-world project managementCommon sense isn't always commonly practiced. Anyone who has ever worked on a project in a technical setting knows this. Indeed, much of working with others consists of solving unexpected problems and learning from mistakes along the way. It Sounded Good When We Started: A Project Manager's Guide to Working with People on Projects is essential reading for project managers trying to understand the trials and triumphs that can arise in any project setting. The authors, both respected project managers with sixty years of experience between them, describe their own mistakes as well as the many valuable lessons they drew from them. Instead of trying to formulate these in abstract theory, Phillips and O'Bryan tell the stories surrounding a particular project, providing a more memorable, real-world, and practical set of examples. Written in a distinctly nontechnical style, this title is a general troubleshooting guide for people who work on projects with other individuals. As such, its content will prove useful in many different settings and applies to many different kinds of endeavors. Most of the stories center around problems&#x96;since it's the problems we often remember more than the successes&#x96;and what was learned from them. After describing a given problem, the authors analyze the issues that led to it and work towards various ways they've discovered of creating a better project environment, one where problems get solved more easily and happen less frequently.It Sounded Good When We Started offers a highly readable go-to guide for project managers, engineers, scientists, computer professionals, and anyone working on specialized, collaborative projects.
Goal directed project management
Gower handbook of people in project management
The book is organized around basic principles of software project management: planning and estimating, measuring and controlling, leading and communicating, and managing risk.; Introduces software development methods, from traditional (hacking, requirements to code, and waterfall) to iterative (incremental build, evolutionary, agile, and spiral).; Illustrates and emphasizes tailoring the development process to each project, with a foundation in the fundamentals that are true for all development methods.; Topics such as the WBS, estimation, schedule networks, organizing the project team, and pe.
Identifying needs and buying behaviour for material analyses services by SMEs dealing with tangible products in Northern Bothnia region : a quantitative study
Advanced project management : best practices on implementation
Implementing and communicating the theme of a corporate client event : Case: GNT Finland client event 2008 - "Hevi Horror"
Developing marketing communications for a school project : Case: Hilux-project
Project management in construction
The blind men and the elephant : mastering project work : how to transform fuzzy responsibilities into meaningful results
This book constitutes the refereed proceedings of the scientific track of the 8th Software Quality Days Conference, SWQD 2016, held in Vienna, Austria, in January 2016. The SWQD conference offers a range of comprehensive and valuable information by presenting new ideas from the latest research papers, keynote speeches by renowned academics and industry leaders, professional lectures, exhibits, and tutorials. The five scientific full papers accepted for SWQD were each peer reviewed by three or more reviewers and selected out of 13 high-quality submissions. Further, nine short papers were also presented and are included in this book. In addition, one keynote paper by Scott Ambler and Mark Lines is also included.
Middle managers in program and project portfolio management : practices, roles and responsibilities
Microsoft Office Project 2007 inside out
This 1993 volume is a lucid and accurate history of the technical research that led to the first atomic bombs. The authors explore how the 'critical assembly' of scientists, engineers and military personnel at Los Alamos, responding to wartime deadlines, collaborated to create a new approach to large-scale research. The book opens with an introduction laying out major themes. After a synopsis of the prehistory of the bomb project, from the discovery of nuclear fission to the start of the Manhattan Engineer District, and an overview of the early materials programme, the book examines the establishment of the Los Alamos Laboratory, the implosion and gun assembly programmes, nuclear physics research, chemistry and metallurgy, explosives, uranium and plutonium development, confirmation of spontaneous fission in pile-produced plutonium, the thermonuclear bomb, critical assemblies, the Trinity test, and delivery of the combat weapons. Readers interested in history of science will find this volume a crucial resource for understanding the underpinnings of contemporary science and technology.
A manager's guide to project management : learn how to apply best practices
My study focused on developing an instrument to resolve a problem of practice in my organization: How to accurately match individuals' preferences with projects. Other project leaders and I had already identified four 'types' of project preferences. My study used those constructs and their defining characteristics to develop a new instrument: The Project TWIST Test.
"The ideal on-the-job reference guide for project managers who use Microsoft Project 2010 This must-have guide to using Microsoft Project 2010 is written from a real project manager's perspective and is packed with information you can use on the job. The book explores using Project 2010 during phases of project management, reveals best practices, and walks you through project flow from planning through tracking to closure. This valuable book follows the processes defined in the PMBOK Guide, Fourth Edition, and also provides exam prep for Microsoft's MCTS: Project 2010 certification. Explains Microsoft Project 2010, the leading software tool for project managers. Shows working project managers practical ways to use Project 2010 on the job. Delves into project planning, tracking, reporting, and project closure, and explores best practices for all phases of planning. Reveals new software features, including tools that show what factors are affecting the schedule, a "what-if" scenario builder, and how slippages affect other aspects of the project. Follows processes and procedures from The Guide to Project Management Body of Knowledge (PMBOK), Fourth Edition. Covers the skill sets required for the MCTS: Project 2010 certification, so you can use this book for exam prep. This is the book you need to manage your projects successfully with the new Microsoft Project 2010!"--
Since 2001, the European Social Survey has been mapping attitudinal and behavioural changes in Europe's social, political and moral climate. Recognised for its rigorous standards and high-quality data, the European Social Survey is used to inform academic and political debate, allowing scholars, policymakers and think tanks to measure and interpret change over time. This case study outlines the European Social Survey lifecycle, from initial research design through to analysis and dissemination activities, providing a detailed description of the research methods employed and the challenges associated with delivering a high-quality cross-national social research project.
Implementing enterprise : portfolio management with Microsoft Project Server 2002
Designing and implementing architectural changes for Life Cycle Tracking (LCT)
Developing Events for the Polish-Finnish Association
GO! with Microsoft Office 2010. Volume 2
Autopoietic knowledge systems in project-based companies
Planning, performing, and controlling projects : principles and applications
The new project management : tools for an age of rapid change, complexity, and other business realities
Managing projects at work
Project management step-by-step
Bill Cassidy has led meteorite recovery expeditions in the Antarctic for many years. His searches have resulted in the collection of thousands of meteorite specimens from the ice. This fascinating story is a first-hand account of his field experiences on the US Antarctic Search for Meteorites Project, which he carried out as part of an international team of scientists. Cassidy describes this hugely successful field program in Antarctica and its influence on our understanding of the moon, Mars and the asteroid belt. In this 2003 book, he describes the hardships and dangers of fieldwork in a hostile environment, as well as the appreciation he developed for the beauty of the place. In the final chapters he speculates on the results of the trips and the future research they might lead to.
Study and integrate Bootstrap 3 for OpixManager
Resource allocation in project management
Project 2013 for dummies
Making it happen : a non-technical guide to project management
10 steps to successful project management
Ongoing research shows that whilst 90 per cent of large companies are conducting global projects to take advantage of distributed skills, around-the-clock operations and virtual team environments, less than one third of them have effective, established practices to help project managers and team members working over a distance. As a consequence, most organizations struggle to reach the required levels of quality and effectiveness from these projects because their methods and practices are not adapted to a global multi-cultural environment, where most communication is in writing and asynchronous. "Global Project Management" describes how to adapt your organization and your projects to thrive in this environment.The book goes beyond the recommendations on collaborative tools, to suggest the development of best practices on cross-cultural team management and global communication, recommend organizational changes and project structures, and propose alternatives for the implementation of the new practices and methods.The text is filled with real-life examples and techniques and illustrates how to apply the recommendations as part of the successful management of any global project.
VBA programming for Microsoft Project : '98 through 2010 with an introduction to VSTO
The development of managerial skills : business reference guide
The Business of Projects broke ground when it was first published in 2005, by showing how leading businesses create and implement projects to drive strategy and innovation. Projects are used to coordinate activities with customers and suppliers and ensure that organisations become more dynamic and adaptable. The book extends the resource-based view of the firm to focus on the business lessons learned from the design and production of high-value complex products and systems (CoPS), which have always been project-based. As well as frameworks and management tools, it provides case studies of high-technology industries - such as telecommunications, flight simulation and medical devices - to show how projects are used to achieve strategic objectives, perform systems integration, organise productive activities, manage software, achieve organisational learning and deliver solutions for customers. This book is essential reading for project professionals, academics, students, engineers, managers and policy makers seeking a strategic, innovative perspective on projects.
Project management for the 21st century
Project 2003 personal trainer
Brilliant Prince2 : what you really need to know about Prince2
Managing complex projects : a new model
In this book, leading authorities on project organizing explore the growing deployment of projects and other types of temporary organizations, with a focus on the challenges created by projectification. The way projects are coordinated and handled influences the success of innovation and change within organizations and is critical for strategic development in our societies, yet it is often at odds with the institutions of traditional industrial society. Drawing on both theoretical perspectives and real-world cases, this book sheds light on the transformation toward a project society and explores the effects, opportunities, and conflicts it has created. As change continues, the authors make a case for renewing institutions and mind-sets and provide a foundation from which to discuss societal changes for the future. This is an invaluable book for researchers and students in project management and organizational theory programs, as well as professionals involved in the management of projects.
Microsoft Office Project 2007 step by step
Project management : achieving competitive advantage
Risk management in ERP Projects : Case: Upgrading to Microsoft Dynamics NAV 2009
Development interventions are agreed by states and international organisations which administer public development funds of huge proportions. They have done so with debatable success, but, unlike the good governance of recipients, the rules applying to donors have hitherto received little scrutiny. This analysis of the normative structures and conceptual riddles of development co-operation argues that development co-operation is increasingly structured by legal rules and is therefore no longer merely a matter of politics, economics or ethics. By focusing on the rules of development co-operation, it puts forward a new perspective on the institutional law dealing with the process, instruments and organisation of this co-operation. Placing the law in its theoretical and political context, it provides the first comparative study on the laws of foreign aid as a central field of global public policy and asks how accountability, autonomy and human rights can be preserved while combating poverty.
Alpha teach yourself project management in 24 hours
Project management essentials for dummies
Development of project management process in Fastems Industrial Services unit
Moving from project management to project leadership : a practical guide to leading groups
Designing a project management tool for project managers
The Law of Development Cooperation : A Comparative Analysis of the World Bank, the EU and Germany
The European Social Survey
Business driven PMO setup : practical insights, techniques, and case examples for ensuring success
Project management for business, engineering, and technology : principles and practice
BEST PRACTICES FOR PROJECT HANDOVER IN MIDDLE-SIZE
Practicing evaluation : a collaborative approach
This research project case examines challenges and obstacles encountered when studying the decision-making process for mega projects. The research sought to analyse the extent to which institutional arrangements and power relationships are integral to understanding the nature and complexity of decision-making with regard to mega-project investments. A large number of narratives resources, including written materials and interview transcripts, were collected to answer the research questions and test the hypotheses.
Microsoft Project 2013 step by step
The principles of project management
Sams teach yourself Microsoft Project 2000 in 24 hours
Project management : case studies
Project manager's spotlight on change management
Mastering project management strategy and processes : proven methods to meet organizational goals
The Human Genome Diversity Project : An Ethnography of Scientific Practice
Project management life cycle : a complete step-by-step methodology for initiating, planning, executing and closing the project successfully
Managing projects in human resources, training and development
Change Management Competence - Key Contributor to Project Success : Case: Nokia Solutions Networks / key project managers
Project management and leadership skills for engineering and construction projects
A method of describing the development of an engineering project
Managing projects : create your schedule, monitor your budget, meet your goals
Fundamentals of project management
The art of funding and implementing ideas : a guide to proposal development and project management
Managing and working in project society : institutional challenges of temporary organizations
Information systems project management : how to deliver function and value in information technology projects
Recycling and Building Together
PRINCE2TM planning and control using Microsoft® Project : updated for Microsoft Office Project 2007
Project of relocating an office : case Freudenberg Household Products Oy Ab
The project management lifecycle : a complete step-by-step methodology for initiating, planning, executing and closing a project successfully
The Business Exchange Experience Programme (BEEP): an evaluation for the Royal Norwegian Society for Development (SNV)
Instrument development : the step-by-step process used to develop the project TWIST test
Project recovery : case studies and techniques for overcoming project failure
Delivering exceptional project results : a practical guide to project selection, scoping, estimation and management
Monitoring manual & menu (MM&M) for CBR and other community-based disability inclusive development programs : menu
A sanitation development project in rural Zambia : management, recommendations and instructions
PRINCE2 2009 planning and control using Microsoft Project 2010
Procurement systems : a cross-industry project management perspective
Project management in the seventies : fourth Internet congress : congress book : Internet 74, Paris, France, Sept. 30 - Oct. 3 1974
This text was written in response to the needs of faculty and graduate students for a meaningful guide that starts where they begin a research project and progresses in an orderly fashion to develop their starting ideas to the fullest.
Software Quality. The Future of Systems- and Software Development : 8th International Conference, SWQD 2016, Vienna, Austria, January 18-21, 2016, Proceedings
Designing Conservation Projects
This book shares the 'real-life' experiences of 20 PME trainers and facilitators from Africa, Asia and Europe and offers some suggestions for effective support to PME processes. It focuses on civil society organisations, including NGOs, church-linked development offices, networks, and people's organisations. A rich selection of examples, success stories, challenges and practical tips are offered.
Project management : a systems approach to planning, scheduling, and controlling
Managing and leading software projects
This book spells out the basics of implementing a project management model and encourages critical thinking about how project management can help a company accomplish its business objectives. Offering clear, concise explanations of different project phases, Project management step-by-step also includes six case studies that show how project management works in the real world. Richman's clear, accessible text is augmented with discussion questions, exercises, diagrams, charts, and a comprehensive glossary. Special passwords to free online information for students, instructors, and project management professionals are also included.
The PMI book of project management forms
Project management : student learning guide and workbook
This book gives an alternative observational scheme to better understand knowledge creation and learning in project-based companies. It builds upon emergent new ways of looking at projects which is important - as any discipline stays alive by reflection and re-framing ideas as they are challenged, argued and clarified.
Program management for improved business results
Change management competence - key contributor to project success : case: Nokia Solutions Networks / key project managers
Project management for engineering, business and technology / John M. Nicholas, Herman Steyn
Benchmarking international high-technology research laboratories' marketing in Europe
Centralization process in procurement of maintenance, repair and operations (mro) items: Case company X
Critical Assembly : A Technical History of Los Alamos during the Oppenheimer Years, 1943–1945
The fast forward MBA in project management
Application of risk management in educational software development projects : enhancing the Awareness of Risks and Risks’ Responses in Educational Software Development Projects
