http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13633 trout
trout
Feeding ecology of piscivorous brown trout (Salmo trutta L.) in a subarctic watercourse
Handbook of trout and salmon diseases
Multilevel modelling of height growth in young Norway spruce plantations in southern Finland
Fishing in Finland
Relations between the benthic fauna and two species of trout in some small Finnish lakes treated with rotenone
Habitat requirements of juvenile salmonids : towards ecologically-based fisheries management in boreal streams
Disease problems in root trainer forest nurseries in Kerala state and their management
A process-based growth model for the grass stage pine seedlings
Migration by brown trout (Salmo trutta L.) and the effect of environmental factors
Variation of ectomycorrhizal colonisation in Norway spruce seedlings in Finnish forest nurseries
Potential of plant products for the management of whiteflies in nurseries
Economic evaluation of container seedling packing and disinfection machinery
A contribution to our knowledge of seedlings. Vol. 1
The pocket guide to trout & salmon flies
Effect of arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi and pesticides on Cynara cardunculus growth
Frost heaving of Picea abies seedlings as influenced by soil preparation, planting technique, and location along gap-shelterwood gradients
Stored nutrient reserves are closely correlated with survival and growth of transplanted seedlings. Previous studies have proven that combining pre-hardening fertilization (PF) with fall fertilization (FF) built seedling nutrient reserves more effectively; however, their effect on transplanting performance is poorly documented. We investigated the independent and interacting effects of 2 levels of PF and 4 levels of FF on seedling growth, nutrient acquisition and accumulation during different growth phases 1 year after transplanting of Quercus variabilis Blume in a nursery. High PF benefited nutrient reserves and subsequent transplanted seedling growth and tissue nutrient storage at the end of the rapid growth and hardening phases. Fall fertilization with 36 mg N increased stem dry mass and tissue nutrient content at the end of the hardening phase. At the conclusion of establishment, PF and FF showed a significant interaction for N and K uptake from soil. At the end of the rapid growth and hardening phases, high PF consistently increased nutrient uptake. Enhanced N and K uptake occurred following application of 36 mg N of FF at the end of the hardening phase. Distinct roles for PF and FF on 3 phases of transplanted seedlings demonstrated the necessity to evaluate fertilization in terms of nutrient reserves and subsequent transplanting performance in consecutive phases. Combining 100 mg N seedling-1 during pre-hardening with 36 mg N seedling-1 during fall yielded ideal transplanting performance for Quercus variabilis seedlings..
Diseases and insects in forest nurseries : proceedings of the 5th Meeting of IUFRO Working Party S7.03.04, may 6-8, 2003, at Peechi, Kerala, India
Should the frequency of drought increase in boreal forests due to climate change, seedlings planted in prepared peat mounds could become more susceptible to soil desiccation. The resistance of Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris L.) seedlings to drought will thus be a key factor in the regeneration success of pine-dominated, forestry-drained peatlands. In this study, we evaluated the physiological, metabolic, and morphologi¬cal responses of year-old seedlings gradually exposed to extreme drought in highly decomposed Sphagnum-Carex peat blocks. Drought clearly suppressed root and shoot growth as well as fractional colonization of ectomycorrhizal fungi. Sustained declines in photochemical efficiency (Fv/Fm) of previous-year and current-year needles did not occur until the volumetric soil water content had dropped to 30% and 10%, respectively. Polyamine analysis revealed that new needles are preferred in protecting the different parts of the seedlings against drought stress. Despite growth losses, the maintenance of rather high photochemical efficiency in current-year needles under severe water stress would appear to indicate a potential for seedling recovery if water availability in the peat improved. Given the high tolerance exhibited by Scots pine seedlings, death by drought seems a lesser concern.
Natural regeneration of Scots pine and Norway spruce close to the timberline in northern Finland
Ecological factors affecting the success of piscivorous salmonid (Salmo) stocking
Nursery pest problems on some native tree species in Kerala province, India
Elongation of Scots pine seedlings under blue light depletion
Reproductive pattern and offspring performance in brown trout (Salmo trutta)
A Bayesian multiriver stock assessment model for describing the juvenile phase of anadromous brown trout (Salmo trutta L.)
Patterns of dry matter partitioning and 14C-photosynthate allocation in 1.5-year-old Scots pine seedlings
High and dry: Consequences of drought exposure in Scots pine seedlings grown in authentic peat soil
Fish out of place : evaluating the impact of fish introductions on freshwater ecosystems
Trout of the world
RNA Silencing and its Inhibition in transgenic Tobacco Plants
Atlas of Finnish fishes : lamprey, brook lamprey, Atlantic salmon, brown trout, Arctic charr, whitefish, vendace, grayling, asp, vimba, spined loach and bullhead : the distribution and status of stocks
Timing of fungicide control of Gremmeniella abietina on Scots pine seedlings
Nursery manual : mechanized nursery and plantation project in South Kalimantan (Indonesia - Finland) ATA 267
Survival and early seedling growth of conifers with different shade tolerance in a Sitka spruce spacing trial and relationship to understorey light climate
The differences in aggressive behaviour among Finnish brown trout (Salmo trutta) populations
Forest Nursery Manual : Production of Bareroot Seedlings
Catch that fish.. : the essential guide to fly fishing tactics
Forest nursery waste composting in windrows with or without horse manure or urea : the composting process and nutrient leaching
Growth and nutrient dynamics of transplanted Quercus variabilis seedlings as influenced by prehardening and fall fertilization
Papers presented at ICES statutory meetings in 1984-1986 by Finnish participants
Young brown trout in some rivers in the area of the Paanajärvi National Park
Psychids as major pests of nursery plants of Rhizophora mucronata, an important mangrove species along the West Coast
Open Journal of Forestry (OJF) covers topics in forestry, including forest protection, pest control, ecology, plant breeding, plant nutrition, urban forestry, etc.
Stocking of brown trout (Salmo trutta L.): factors affecting survival and growth
Seed health problems in tropical forest tree seeds and their impact on seedling production
The effect of seedling, site, and silviculture factors on vole damage to seedling stands in Päijät-Häme, Finland, during winter 2008/09
Proceedings of the VIth International Strawberry Symposium : Volume 2 : Huelva, Spain, March 3-7, 2008
Optimal distribution of regional seedling production by nurseries : an economic study
Behavioural response of juvenile trout (Salmo trutta) to chemical cues from burbot (Lota lota): Effects of dominance, migration form and population origin
Ecology, fisheries and management of wild brown trout populations in boreal inland waters
Open Journal of Forestry
Hatching responses of four newt species to predatory fish chemical cues
Testing of a new container developed by BBC for raising seedlings
Conservation genetics of exploited Finnish salmonid fishes
Seedling diseases of some important forest tree species and their management
Fifteen-year response of weed control intensity and seedling type on Norway spruce survival and growth on arable land
Using social learning in improving antipredator behaviour of hatchery-reared salmonid (Salmonidae) young
Immunization of trout (Salmo trutta) against freshwater pearl mussel (Margaritifera margaritifera) by duck mussel (Anodonta anatina) glochidia
Use of pesticides in Finnish forest nurseries in 1996.
Temporal allele frequency change in populations with overlapping generations : estimation of effective size of natural populations as exemplified using brown trout (Salmo trutta)
The effects of iron, humic acids and low pH on the gills and physiology of brown trout (Salmo trutta)
Germination differences between natural and afforested populations of Pinus brutia and Cupressus sempervirens
Spatial-temporal genetic structuring of brown trout (Salmo trutta) populations from the Luga River in Northwest Russia
Nursery practices and management of fungal diseases in forest nurseries in Finland : a review
Nitrogen assimilation in ectomycorrhizal fungi and mycorrhizal and non-mycorrhizal Scots pine seedlings
Investigating different migration patterns of Salmo trutta (L.) in the Teno river system using stable isotope analyses
Parasitic and bacterial diseases at salmonid fish farms in northern Finland
Variability of morphological and nutritional quality attributes of bareroot Scots pine seedlings in nurseries
Quantitative ecology and the brown trout
Ecology of Atlantic salmon and brown trout : habitat as a template for life histories
Long-term exposure of Scots pine seedlings to monochloroacetic and trichloroacetic acid : effects on the needles and growth
Effects of water temperature on early life history, juvenile growth and prespawning migrations of Atlantic salmon (Salmo salar) and brown trout (Salmo trutta) : a summary of studies in Norwegian streams
Growing vegetable transplants in plug trays
One and two-year-old Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris L) seedlings from various origins : The effect of various growing conditions on winter hardening
Summary.
Pests and diseases of sandalwood plants in nurseries and their management
Enhancing migration and reproduction of salmonid fishes : method development and research using physical and numerical modelling
Spawning migration and habitat use of adfluvial brown trout, Salmo trutta, in a strongly seasonal boreal river
The role of salmonid fishes in conservation of the endangered freshwater pearl mussel (Margaritifera margaritifera)
Contributions of short-term flow regulation patterns to trout habitats in a boreal river
Control of nursery diseases and pests in Finnish forest tree nurseries
Growth, crown structure and seed production of birch seedlings, grafts and micropropagated plants
Fill-in seedlings in constituting the stocking of Scots pine stands in northern Finland
Fungal diseases in forest nurseries in Shimoga district, Karnataka, India
Salmon and trout farming in Norway
The sotheby's guide to fly-fishing for trout
Trout : a true challenge
Salmonid fisheries : freshwater habitat management
Improvement of seedling production system in forestry sector and its impact on seedling health
Ecological impacts of in-stream restoration in salmonid rivers:the role of enhanced structural complexity
Dynamics in European minnow Phoxinus phoxinus and brown trout Salmo trutta populations in mountain habitats : effects of climate and inter- and intraspecific interactions
Variation in flowering abundance and its impact on the genetic diversity of the seed crop in a Norway spruce seed orchard
Role of water temperature on the size, migration activity and pathogenity of Diphyllobothrium dendriticum (Cestoda) plerocercoids in brown trout Salmo trutta m. lacustris (L.)
Responses of brown trout and benthic invertebrates to catchment-scale disturbance and in-stream restoration measures in boreal river systems
Ecology of stocked brown trout in boreal lakes
Growth rhythm, height growth and survival of Russian larch (Larix Mill.) provenances in greenhouse and field conditions in Finland
A contribution to our knowledge of seedlings. Vol. 2
Influence of solar UV radiation on the nitrogen metabolism in needles of Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris L.)
Optimizing the supply chain strategy of a multi-unit Finnish nursery company
Ecology and impacts of nonnative salmonids with special reference to brook trout (Salvelinus fontinalis Mitchill) in North Europe
Sea trout : biology, conservation and management : proceedings of First International Sea Trout Symposium, Cardiff, July 2004
Consequences of predator-prey interactions in boreal streams : scaling up from processes to large-scale patterns
RNA silencing and its inhibition in transgenic tobacco plants
Destruction of habitat is the major cause for loss of biodiversity including variation in life history and habitat ecology. Each species and population adapts to its environment, adaptations visible in morphology, ecology, behaviour, physiology and genetics. Here, the authors present the population ecology of Atlantic salmon and brown trout and how it is influenced by the environment in terms of growth, migration, spawning and recruitment. Salmonids appeared as freshwater fish some 50 million years ago. Atlantic salmon and brown trout evolved in the Atlantic basin, Atlantic salmon in North America and Europe, brown trout in Europe, Northern Africa and Western Asia. The species live in small streams as well as large rivers, lakes, estuaries, coastal seas and oceans, with brown trout better adapted to small streams and less well adapted to feeding in the ocean than Atlantic salmon. Smolt and adult sizes and longevity are constrained by habitat conditions of populations spawning in small streams. Feeding, wintering and spawning opportunities influence migratory versus resident lifestyles, while the growth rate influences egg size and number, age at maturity, reproductive success and longevity. Further, early experiences influence later performance. For instance, juvenile behaviour influences adult homing, competition for spawning habitat, partner finding and predator avoidance. &Acirc;&nbsp;The abundance of wild Atlantic salmon populations has declined in recent years; climate change and escaped farmed salmon are major threats. The climate influences through changes in temperature and flow, while escaped farmed salmon do so through ecological competition, interbreeding and the spreading of contagious diseases. The authors pinpoint essential problems and offer suggestions as to how they can be reduced. In this context, population enhancement, habitat restoration and management are also discussed.
Ecological impacts of in-stream restoration in salmonid rivers : the role of enhanced structural complexity
Damage by the pine weevil Hylobius abietis to seedlings of two native and five introduced tree species in Sweden
Effect of thawing duration and temperature on field performance of frozen-stored Norway spruce container seedlings
