http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13600 becoming established
becoming established
Factors influencing the choice of entry mode in Russia
The recruiting policies of Finnish companies operating in Central-Europe
Entering India : case: Business Game Factory Ltd
Exploring the entry strategies of Finnish medical start-ups to the United States
This study is based on a commissioned market research for Honkarakenne Oyj. A short summary of the market research is included in this study. The aim of this study was to identify the factors influencing the choice of entry mode in Russia. In addition, the authors tried to identify the approach and the most suitable development mode for the case company. The theoretical framework lists the entry mode possibilities and the factors and approaches in choosing the entry/development mode.  This study was a qualitative study and was conducted as a case study. The data collection was done by interviewing the representative of the case company and an expert on the Russian market. Honkarakenne currently operates on the Russian market through exporting their products directly through a foreign-based distributor. The company owns a minority share in a lumber mill in the Republic of Karelia. According to the findings, the main factor influencing the choice of entry mode was the perceived risk on the Russian market. The risks consist of political, legal and business risks. The other factors influencing the choice were the previous experiences from the market, large amount of investment needed, profitability, prejudice, the flow of information and the company policy.  In the authors̕ opinion, the most suitable long-term development mode for the case company would be to invest directly in an own production facility. This suggestion is based on the authors̕  knowledge gained from the market research, comparison of development modes and experts opinion.
Entering the Chinese market : different methods of operation for a foreign company
Building a coherent corporate identity in startups : Is it and should it be important? A managerial perspective
Incubating businesses
The emergence of a new business through collaborative networks : a longitudinal study in the ICT sector
Case study of Neste Polyester Kunshan
Subsidiary Operations in Beauty Industry in U.S.A : case: Strategic Options in Subsidiary Operations and the Possible Effects to the Business Relationships
Generation entrepreneur : shape today's business reality, create tomorrow's wealth, do your own thing
Securing investors interests in an international Joint Venture co-operation and solving disputes raised between the partners
The first two years : problems of small firm growth and survival
Sourcing in China : strategies, methods and experiences
Finnish subsidiary operations in North America : characteristics, state and dynamics
Establishing a software company overseas
Managing international business in China
Images of entrepreneurship and small business : emergent Swedish contributions to academic research
Founder departure : the management transition process in growth firms
How they started : how 30 good ideas became great businesses
Acquired Distinctiveness through use in Community trademarks
Start up companies : business incubation and social capital
Business entry in Eastern Europe : a network and learning approach with case studies
International business : a european perspective
Merger and acquisition as a mode of entry to foreign markets : case: Finnish Fair Corporation
Market entry patterns of Finnish SMEs entering China
A steel company entering the market area of St. Petersburg
Managing a cross-institutional setting : a case study of a Western firm's subsidiary in the Ukraine
Proximity and learning in internationalisation : small Swedish IT firms in India
Playing the matching game : an institutional analysis of executive recruitment and selection in software start-ups: Silicon Valley and Stockholm
How to establish a home sale company in the Estonian markets
The internationalization of Olof Granlund Oy's Facility Management Division : partnerships as a means of expansion on the German market
