http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13646 orientalism
orientalism
Women as portrayed in Orientalist painting / Lynne Thornton
Lord Byron's oriental world
Popular politics in the making of the modern Middle East
Refashioning Iran : Orientalism, Occidentalism, and historiography
Some thoughts about Edward Said, Hindutva, and western indology
Japan's Orient : rendering pasts into history
Peiresc's Orient : antiquarianism as cultural history in the seventeenth century
Images of the Ottoman Empire
Perspective comparatiste orient-occident en théorie littéraire : colloque international = The orient-west comparative perspective in literary theory : international colloquium
Ottomania : the Romantics and the myth of the Islamic Orient
Noble dreams, wicked pleasures : orientalism in America, 1870-1930 : [Sterling and Francine Clark Art Institute, Williamstown, 6.6. - 4.9.2000 : The Walters Art Gallery, Baltimore, 1.10. - 10.12.2000 : Mint Museum of Art, Charlotte, 3.2. - 23.4.2001] / Holly Edwards with essays by Brian T. Allen ... [et al.]
Jews, Christians, and the abode of Islam : modern scholarship, medieval realities
The great dialogue : overcoming the dichotomising logic of orientalism
For lust of knowing : the Orientalists and their enemies
Chinoiserie : the evolution of the Oriental style in Italy from the 14th to the 19th century
Morocco bound : disorienting America's Maghreb, from Casablanca to the Marrakech Express
An examination of British artists whose travel to the subcontinent of India influenced the Romantic Movement in England. It also discuss the impact of the images on the culture of Victorian Britain. Artists discussed include James Forbes, James Wales, Tilly Kettle, William Hodges, Johan Zoffany Francesco Renaldi, Thomas and William Daniell, Robert Home, Thomas Hickey, Arthur William Devis, R. H. Colebrooke, Alexander Allan, Henry Salt, James Baillie Fraser, Charles Gold, James Moffat, Charles D'Oyly, William Blake, J. M. W. Turner and George Chinnery.
Agatha Christie in the East : the oriental other in Death on the Nile and Appointment with death
Defending the West : a critique of Edward Said's Orientalism
American Orient : imagining the East from the colonial era through the twentieth century
Neither East nor West : postcolonial essays on literature, culture and religion
Orientalism transposed : the impact of the Colonies on British culture
Cultures crossed : John Frederick Lewis and the art of orientalism
The Holy Land in English culture 1799-1917 : Palestine and the question of Orientalism
Orientalism in early modern France : Eurasian trade, exoticism and the Ancien Régime
Orientalism & conspiracy : politics and conspiracy theory in the Islamic world : essays in honour of Sadik J. Al-Azm
Goldziher memorial conference : June 21-22, 2000, Budapest, Oriental Collection, Library of the Hungarian Academy of Sciences
Re-orientalism and South Asian identity politics : the oriental Other within
Orientalism, Assyriology and the Bible
Focuses on the cultural, political and religious representations of the Orient in Western Music. The author traces several threads in a vast repertoire of musical representations, focusing primarily on the images of violence and sensuality.
Orientalism and the Jews
Spice Trade [Elektroninen aineisto] / created by: Kalle Hamm... et al.
The Arabian nights and orientalism : perspectives from East & West
Imagining Arab womanhood : the cultural mythology of veils, harems, and belly dancers in the U.S
In the oriental style : a sourcebook of decoration and design
The orient, the colonies and the continent as the order of the construction of english identity in Charlotte Brontë's Jane Eyre
Christian and oriental philosophy of art
Orientalism and cultural encounters in The sheltering sky by Paul Bowles
Benjamin-Constant : marvels and mirages of orientalism
The East : imagined, experienced, remembered : orientalist nineteenth century painting : [an exhibition at the Walker Art Gallery, Liverpool and the National Gallery of Ireland] / James Thmpson ; with an essay by David Scott
Photography's orientalism : new essays on colonial representation
Foreign bodies : gender, language, and culture in French orientalism
Disorienting vision : rereading stereotypes in French orientalist texts and images
The paradox of orientalism : liminal savagery in David Malouf's Remembering Babylon
Andrew Martin : fusion interiors
The Birth of Orientalism by App, Urs Review by: Pekka Korhonen
Belly dance : orientalism, transnationalism, and harem fantasy
Musical exoticism : images and reflections
The Buddha and the sahibs : the men who discovered India's lost religion
Representations of the Orient in Western music : violence and sensuality
Orientalism revisited : art, land and voyage
A game of tropes : orientalist stereotypes in George R. R. Martin's A song of ice and fire
Making England western : occidentalism, race, and imperial culture
How the Arabian nights inspired the American dream, 1790-1935
Imperial messages : Orientalism as self-critique in the Habsburg Fin de Siècle
Indian Renaissance : British romantic art and the prospect of India
Orientalist and multiculturalist representations in Chinese-American Literature : imagological and hermeneutic interpretation of The Woman Warrior and The Kitchen God's Wife
A female poetics of empire : from Eliot to Woolf
Islam and romantic orientalism : literary encounters with the Orient
In the palaces of the sultan
Lockwood de Forest, painter, importer, decorator
Orienting Arthur Waley : japonism, orientalism, and the creation of Japanese literature in English
Oriental Miniatures and Manuscripts in Scandinavian Collections
Just as well I'm leaving : to the Orient with Hans Christian Andersen
The Shafik Gabr collection
The Tree of Life : image for the cosmos
Oriental prospects : Western literature and the lure of the East
Beyond orientalism ; how the West was won over by Islamic arts
Women as portrayed in orientalist painting
Orientalism and India
Post-orientalism : knowledge and power in time of terror
Brahma in the West : William Blake and the Oriental renaissance
Music and Orientalism in the British Empire, 1780s-1940s : portrayal of the East
Orientalism refers to the imitation of aspects of Eastern cultures in the West, and was devised in order to have authority over the Orient. The concept of Re-Orientalism maintains the divide between the Orient and the West. However, where Orientalism is based on how the West constructs the East, Re-Orientalism is grounded on how the cultural East comes to terms with an orientalised East. This book explores various new forms, objects and modes of circulation that sustain this renovated form of Orientalism in South Asian culture. The contributors identify and engage with recent debates about postcolonial South Asian identity politics, discussing a range of different texts and films such as The White Tiger, Bride & Prejudice and Kama Sutra: A Tale of Love. Providing new theoretical insights from the areas of literature, film studies and cultural and discourse analysis, this book is an stimulating read for students and scholars interested in South Asian culture, postcolonial studies and identity politics.
Nanyo-orientalism : Japanese representations of the Pacific
Suematsu Kencho and Japan's Struggle for Civilised Status
Nordic Orientalism : Paris and the cosmopolitan imagination 1800-1900
Romantic literature and postcolonial studies
Orientalist aesthetics : art, colonialism, and French North Africa, 1880-1930
The cult of emptiness : the Western discovery of buddhist thought and the invention of oriental philosophy
Orientalism in sinology
The book of Tibetan medicine : how to use Tibetan healing for personal wellbeing
Tom Clancy and orientalism : Arabs and Muslims in the contemporary technothriller novel
Orientalist writers
Kyoto Conference on Japanese Studies. 4.
About face : performing race in fashion and theater
Oriental aesthetics
Examines the relationship between Romantic writing and the rapidly expanding British Empire. This title explains how key theoretical concerns of postcolonial studies - imaginary geography, Otherness and difference and cultural hybridity - have dramatically changed our understanding of Romantic literature
Military orientalism : eastern war through western eyes
Orientalism : the orient in western art
Whose pharaohs? : Archaeology, museums, and Egyptian national identity from Napoleon to World War I
The Orient in Western art
"The book is a collections of eleven articles about Lord Byron's personal and literary involvement in Oriental life and creativity. Byron's genuine Oriental scholarship provides the platform upon which the articles are based. The authentic images of the East and the West in Byron's Oriental tales and some of his major works, Don Juan and Childe Harold's Pilgrimage, are analyzed to expose the influences of both worlds on his personal life and career."--Publisher's website.
Music and emotions
Knowing India : colonial and modern constructions of the past : essays in honor of Thomas R. Trautmann
Orientalism, occidentalism and the discourse of modernity and tradition in contemporary Arab-Islamic thought
Genealogies of orientalism : history, theory, politics
A bridge over the Balkans : Demetra Vaka Brown and the tradition of "women's orients"
Russia's unknown Orient : orientalist painting 1850-1920
"Over the course of 150 years, until the Greet Depression, generations of native- and foreign-born actors took on lavish North African, Middle Eastern, or Indian costumes, accents, and names. At circuses, theaters. fairs, and street parades and in printed materials, they "played Eastern" in ways that could be controversial or celebrated but always had to be financially viable. To document this lived experience, Nance draws on a wide array of primary sources, including newspapers and magazines, memoirs, travel narratives, and photographs, that reveal how a broad spectrum of Americans behaved as producers and consumers in a rapidly developing capitalist economy. In admiration of the Arabian Nights, people creatively reenacted Eastern life, but these performances were also demonstrations of Americans' own identities, Nance argues. In particular, the story of Aladdin, made suddenly rich by rubbing an old lamp, stood as an apt metaphor for how consumer capitalism might benefit each person. The leisure, abundance, and contentment that many imagined were typical of Eastern life were the same characteristics used to define "the American dream.""--BOOK JACKET.
Orfèvrerie française orientaliste du 19ème siècle = French Orientalist silver of the 19th century
The Orientalists : painter travellers 1828-1908 / Lynne Thornton
Orientalism and the Hebrew imagination
The orientalist : painter-travellers
Ritual, religion and reason : studies in the ancient world in honour of Paolo Xella
Cold War orientalism : Asia in the middlebrow imagination, 1945-1961
The taste for chinoiserie which originated and developed in the West during the 17th century reinterpreted the themes, ornamentation and decorative techniques of the Far East and especially of China. This volume focuses on Italian Chinoiserie, a style developed slightly later in Italy.
Christian and Oriental philosophy of art
Edges of empire : orientalism and visual culture
A re-reading of Pearl S. Buck's The good earth from social and historical perspectives
Oriental enlightenment : the encounter between Asian and Western thought
Representation of otherness in literary avant-garde of early twentieth century: David Burliuk's and Ezra Pound's Japan
Threat to western civilisation : Bram Stoker's Dracula in the context of east/west relations in the Victorian era
To dazzle the eye and stir the heart : The Red Lantern, Nazimova and the boxer rebellion
Women and Islam in early modern English literature
The limits of Orientalism : seventeenth-century representations of India
Between the past and the present : a study of Chinese folk wax-resist dyeing patterns
Nazar : photographs from the Arab world
The orientalizing revolution : Near Eastern influence on Greek culture in the early archaic age
Writing and cultural influence : studies in rhetorical history, orientalist discourse, and post-colonial criticism
Forget English! : Orientalism and world literature
American writers in Istanbul : Melville, Twain, Hemingway, Dos Passos, Bowles, Algren, Baldwin, and Settle
Astro-medicine : astrology and medicine, East and West
The Orient in western art
For lust of knowing : the orientalists and their enemies
"The sinister Chinese" : an orientalist analysis of the development of Chinese stereotypes in late 19th and early 20th century literature reflected through the yellow peril
Power, politics and culture : interviews with Edward W. Said
The Orientalists : Delacroix to Matisse : European painters in North America and Near East / ed. by Mary Anne Stevens
Discourses of otherness : representations of Egyptian actors in international media
Idols in the East : European representations of Islam and the Orient, 1100-1450
In pursuit of the UnSafe : locating the native artist
Reading orientalism : said and the unsaid
Russian literature and empire : conquest of the Caucasus from Pushkin to Tolstoy
Imagining the other : orientalism and occidentalism in Tamil-European relations in South India
(Re-)Framing the Arab/Muslim : mediating orientalism in contemporary Arab American life writing
