http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13701 ecumenicalism
ecumenicalism
Christian stewardship and ecumenical confrontation : lectures and study outlines of a consultation organized by the Department on the Laity and the Ecumenical Institute of the World Council of Churches, Bossey, Switzerland, August 31-September 6, 1961.
Through western eyes : Eastern Orthodoxy : a reformed perspective
Baptists and Reformed in dialogue : documents from the conversations sponsored by the World Alliance of Reformed Churches and the Baptist World Alliance
Minutes of the forty-ninth meeting, Harare, Zimbabwe, 11 and 12 December 1998.
From Espoo to Paphos : the dialogue of the Orthodox Churches with the Lutheran World Federation (1981 - 2008)
Councils of churches and the ecumenical vision
World Council of Churches : yearbook. 1995.
The two folk churches in Finland : The 12th Finnish Lutheran-Orthodox theological discussions 2014
Making connections : exploring Methodist deacons' perspectives on contemporary diaconal ministry
World Council of Churches : annual review. 2004.
The courage to hope : a challenge for churches in Africa
The Executive Committee at Geneva on February 20th : Conférence universelle sur la foi et la constitution, le Comité exécutif à Genève du 20 Février = Weltkonferenz für Glauben und Kirchenverfassung, der Exekutivausschuss bei Genf des 20ten Februars
The one and the many : studies on God, man, the Church, and the world today
Meeting of the Working and Future Committees : August 3-8,13,1959 Spittal, Austria
Ecumenical pilgrims : profiles of pioneers in Christian reconciliation
Dove on fire : poems on peace, justice and ecology
For the family : international and inter-church cooperation for the development of family counselling and family education : report of a world consultation, organized by the Department on Cooperation of Men and Women in Church, Family and Society, held at St. Cergue, Switzerland, July 25th - August 2nd, 1967.
"One teacher" : doctrinal authority in the church
The churches and Christian unity
A correspondence between Pope John Paul II and Bishop James R. Crumley, Jr
Survey of Church union negotiations 1971-1973
Bringing churches together : a popular introduction to ecumenism
Minutes of the meeting of the Faith and Order Standing Commission 30 September-7 October 2000, Matanzas, Cuba
Baptism, eucharist and ministry
Creative ecumenical education : learning from one another
Speaking of God today : Jews and Lutherans in conversation
Ways of worship : report of a theological commission of Faith and Order
Aspects of Arminian soteriology in Methodist-Lutheran ecumenical dialogues in 20th and 21st century
Eucharistic concelebration / by John R.K. Fenwick
Lutherans and Catholics in dialogue. 2, One baptism for the remission of sins
Lutherans in ecumenical dialogue : 2003-2010
Directory Christian Councils
Minutes of the meeting of the Faith and Order Standing Commission 9-16 January 2002, Gazzada, Italy
Montreal 63, July 12-26
The holy trinity in the life of the church
Not without my neighbour : issues in interfaith relations
A letter from Christ to the world : an exploration of the role of the laity in the church today
The social goals of new Asia : an Asian Christian Study Conference, Nommensen University, Pematang Siantar, N. Sumatra, Indonesia, March 12-16, 1957 : report
Inter-Orthodox Consultation of Eastern Orthodox and Oriental Orthodox WCC Member Churches on "The Orthodox Churches and the World Council of Churches", Orthodox Centre of Ecumenical Patriarchate, Chambésy, Switzerland, 12-16 September 1991 : background documents
Meetings of the Commission and of the Executive Committee at Clarens, Switzerland, August 13-17, 1951.
Survey of church union negotiations 1957-1959
Rules and Customs of Churches : concerning Intercommunion and Open Communion
The educational system in Islam and Christianity : proceedings of the Muslim-Christian Consultation
Survey of church union negotiations 1965-1967
Understanding the gift of communion : the Quest for a shared self-understanding of the Lutheran Communion : a reader
The road to apostasy : significant essays on ecumenism
Further studies on the Christian community in the modern world : second preparatory study outline for the World Conference of Christian Youth, Amsterdam, Holland, July 24-August 2, 1939
Oberlin reports : the Nature of the Unity we Seek : the North American Conference on Faith and Order, Oberlin, Ohio 1957.
Minutes of the meeting of the Faith and Order Standing Commission 3-10 July 2003 Strasbourg, France
Problemy èkumenizma i mežreligioznye svâzi v Barencregione : materialy rossijsko-norvežskogo seminara Murmansk, 18-19 Sentâbrâ, 2002 = Problems of ecumenism and interreligious contacts in the Barents region : proceedings of the Russian -Norwegian seminar Murmansk, September 18-19, 2002
Christus Victor : world conference of Christian Youth : opening service July 24th 1939.
Minutes of the Meeting of the Working Committee 1957, New Haven, Connecticut
Meeting at Chichester, England, July 16th to 20th, 1949.
Survey of church union negotiations 1963-1965
Together on holy ground : eighth Assembly of the World Council of Churches, Harare, Zimbabwe, 3-14 December 1998
Executive Committee minutes of meeting held at Bievres, France : from September 9th-11th, 1950.
Growth in agreement : reports and agreed statements of ecumenical conversations on a world level
The ecumenical movement : an anthology of key texts and voices
Memoirs
Women : witnesses of hope : WCC Ecumenical Women's Solidarity Fund in former Yugoslavia 1993-2003
Intercommunion : a report of a Theological commission of the Faith and order commission of the World Council of Churches in preparation for the Third world conference on faith and order to be held at Lund, Sweden, in 1952.
The World Council of Churches and the Catholic church
Training workshop for Christian religious educators in eastern and central Europe and the CIS : 21 May - 1 June 1995, Joensuu, Finland
Orthodox youth and the ecumenical movement : lectures and papers from the International Consultation of Orthodox Youth and Students convened by the World Student Christian Federation and hosted by the Orthodox Church of Cyprus, Nicosia, September 22-28, 1977
Reforming Rome : Karl Barth and Vatican II
Die Ambivalenz der Moderne = The ambivalence of modernity = Modernitetens ambivalens
Living faiths and the ecumenical movement
Historical dictionary of ecumenical Christianity
Survey of Church union negotiations 1967-1969
Umstrittene Katholizität : von der zwiespältigen Beziehung zwischen Vielfalt und Einheit : Tagungsbericht der 18. Wissenschaftlichen Konsultation der Societas Oecumenica = Catholicity under pressure : the ambiguous relationship between diversity and unity : proceedings of the 18th academic consultation of the Societas Oecumenica
Gloria Deo : worship book for CEC Assembly IX, Stirling, Scotland, 4-11 September 1986
Turn to God - rejoice in hope : Bible studies, meditations, liturgical aids
Finding a voice : communicating the ecumenical movement
Interpreting together : essays in hermeneutics
Report of the American Section of the Commission on Intercommunion : submitted to the Continuation Committee, 1942.
Minutes of the forty-eighth meeting, Geneva, Switzerland, 11-19 September 1997.
Eucharistic worship in ecumenical contexts : the Lima liturgy - and beyond
Minutes of the meeting of the Faith and Order Board, 8-15 January 1997, Abbaye de Fontgombault, France
An interorthodox theological debate
Sources for change : searching for flexible Church structures : a contribution to the ecumenical discussion on the structures of the missionary congregation by the Commission on Stewardship and Evangelism of the Lutheran World Federation
Minutes of the Working Committee, Davos, Switzerland, 1955.
Breakthrough : the emergence of the ecumenical tradition
Christus Victor : World conference of Christian youth : service of worship led by an American group, Wednesday, August 2nd, 1939.
Report of the second world conference and order : submitted for the consideration of the participating churches
The Orthodox Church and ecumenism
Meetings at Amsterdam and Baarn, Holland, August-September 1948.
The 1939 meeting of the continuation committee : held at St. George's School, Clarens, Switzerland, August 21-23, 1939.
Luther refracted : the reformer's ecumenical legacy
What is the Iona Community
Minutes of the meeting of the Continuation Committee August 26-30th, 1926 Berne, Zwitzerland
World Council of Churches : yearbook. 1999.
Christus Victor : World conference of Christian youth : a service of worship led by E. Sambayya (India), Tuesday, August 1st, 1939.
Together on the way : official report of the eighth Assembly of the World Council of Churches
British Isles Regional Conference of the International Council of Christian Churches : July 24-30, 1952
How are we to proclaim Christ in different cultures? This question was central to a landmark study on worship and culture conducted by the Lutheran World Federation between 1992 and 1999. Much has changed in the years since then: the world today more than ever is a multicultural global village. "Worship and Culture" revisits that LWF study and publication, shedding new light on the question from recent theological and sociological scholarship to expand and enrich the texts in the original three-volume work.This book includes texts from the main statements that came out of the original project as well as updated essays from some of the original contributors. It also adds new essays, prayers, and hymns to the conversation, inviting readers to consider what the life of the church should look like in today's hybrid, multicultural world. Contributors Julio Cezar Adam Scott Anderson Mark P. Bangert Thomas F. Best Stephen Burns Anscar J. Chupungco, OSB Joseph A. Donnella II Norman A. Hjelm Margaret Mary Kelleher, OSU Dirk G. Lange Gordon W. Lathrop Anita Monro Martha Moore-Keish Melinda A. Quivik Gail Ramshaw S. Anita Stauffer Benjamin M. Stewart Glaucia Vasconcelos Wilkey Joyce Ann Zimmerman, CPPS" Review: Thomas H. Schattauer-- Wartburg Theological Seminary, Dubuque, Iowa This wide-ranging collection of essays takes up the pathbreaking study of worship and culture sponsored by the Lutheran World Federation in the last decade of the twentieth century and carries the conversation forward into the twenty-first century. Readers new to that conversation will give thanks for this introduction to the seminal statements and work of the LWF study. Readers familiar with the issues will find here new treasures of understanding and insight. Mark R. Francis, CSV-- Catholic Theological Union, Chicago Offers a sure guide to the often complex development of recent thinking on culture and liturgy and moves the discussion forward by asking hard questions about the contextualization of worship with which all Christians need to contend. In bringing these superb essays together in one volume, Glaucia Vasconcelos Wilkey has done the churches an immeasurable service. Any serious study on worship and culture will now have to take into account this extraordinary resource."Dagmar Heller-- Ecumenical Institute at Bossey, Switzerland This volume not only revisits former Lutheran World Federation work but offers new contributions -- not just from Lutheran scholars -- to an important ecumenical discussion that sometimes seems to be forgotten. "
World Council of Churches : annual review. 2003.
Minutes of the Meeting of the Working Committee 1956, Herrenalb, Germany
The orthodox dilemma : personal reflections on global pan-orthodox christian conciliar unity
One of the most divisive issues in Western Christianity since the Reformation is the question of how humans are justified by God. In 1999, after many decades of ecumenical dialogue, Lutherans and Roman Catholics have declared that this issue of justification by faith is no longer a cause of division between them. One of the fascinating features of this Joint Declaration on the Doctrine of Justification (JDDJ) is that it expresses a differentiated consensus on justification. The method of differentiated consensus is generally regarded as an important methodological step forward in the ecumenica.
Orthodox Christianity and the spirit of contemporary ecumenism
Survey of church union negotiations 1973-1975
Worship and culture : foreign country or homeland?
The study of church history and Christian reunion
Seventh Forum on bilateral dialogues, 9-14 May 1997 John XXIII Centre, Annecy-le-Vieux, France : Emerging visions of visible unity in the Canberra Statement and the Bilateral Dialogues : Report and papers presented. International bilateral dialogues 1994-1997 : list of commissions, meetings, themes and reports
Eucharist, bishop, church : the unity of the church in the divine Eucharist and the bishop during the first three centuries
Documents adopted by the World Council of Churches Eighth Assembly, Harare, Zimbabwe, 3-14 December 1998.
Words and songs of reconciliation and praise : Second European Ecumenical Assembly 23-29 June 1997, Graz/Austria
Spiritualité et oecuménisme : rapport d'une session de Bossey du 17 juin au 1er juillet 1976 = Spirituality and ecumenism : report on a Bossey course, 17 June - 1 July 1976
Ways of worship : report of a Theological Commission in preparation for the Third World Conference on Faith and Order to be held in Lund, Sweden in 1952
Church of South India : the movement towards union 1900-1947
Minutes of the meeting of the Faith and Order Board, 15-24 June 1999, Toronto, Canada
Few people realise that Karl Barth, the twentieth century's greatest Protestant theologian, was among a select group of non-Catholic observers who were invited to the Second Vatican Council to assist in the reform and renewal of the Roman Catholic Church. In Reforming Rome Donald Norwood offers the first book-length study of Barth's involvement with Vatican II and his impact on the reform of Rome. Norwood examines Barth's critical engagement with the Roman Catholic Church from his time at the (Catholic) University of Munster to his connection with Vatican II, his conversations with Pope Paul VI, and seminars and interviews he gave about the Council afterward. Though Barth himself wrote a brief account of what happened at Vatican II, he only reports his questions, not the answers given to him by the Pope and other Catholic theologians. Norwood amplifies this account based on a careful study of Council documents and debates, Catholic theologians' criticisms of Barth, and the whole range of Barth's numerous theological writings. -- Review: George M. Newlands-- University of Glasgow The fruit of a lifetime of ecumenical engagement, Norwood's careful and admirably comprehensive study captures the enthusiasm for ecumenical study at the deepest theological level that Barth poured into his engagement with the Council in meetings, seminars, and addresses. Baroness Helena Kennedy (from foreword) This book by Donald Norwood is a refreshing look at the important ways in which Christianity needs reform."
The ecumenical future : background papers for In one body through the cross : the Princeton proposal for Christian unity
The giveaway God : ecumenical Bible studies on divine generosity
A Church of Encounter : guidelines for international and ecumenical work, including interfaith encounter, until 2020.
The "other" is my neighbour : developing an ecumenical response to migration
Social and cultural factors in church divisions
Venite Adoremus : World's Student Christian Federation prayer book. 1.
: "Nathan Söderblom has been acknowledged as an important artisan of the dialogue aimed at re-establishing Christian unity based on initiatives that could promote common religious values despite denominational differences, by means of concrete actions and by understanding the way in which society [...] still remains the centre of God's attention." Daniel, Patriarch of Romanian Orthodox Church
Commitment to God's world : a concise critical survey of ecumenical social thought
Towards a theology of contemporary ecumenism : a collection of addresses to Ecumenical Gatherings (1947-1975)
The church in the purpose of God : an introduction to the work of the Commission on Faith and Order of the World Council of Churches, in preparation for the Third World Conference on Faith and Order to be held at Lund, Sweden, in 1952
Christus Victor : World conference of Christian youth : the Danish Highmass = Service divin danois = Der dänische Hauptgottesdienst, Sunday July 30th, 1939.
Europe on the move : documentation from a special meeting of European Church leaders, Geneva, Switzerland, 23-25 April, 1990
Reports of the World Conference on Faith and Order : Lausanne, Switzerland, August 3 to 21, 1927.
Lutherans and Catholics in dialogue. 5, Papal primacy and the universal Church
Father Georges Florovsky on ecumenism
Growth in agreement : reports and agreed statements of ecumenical conversations on a world level. 2, 1982-1998
Apostolicity then and now : an ecumenical church in a postmodern world
Towards Koinonia in faith, life and witness : draft of a working document, Dublin, Ireland, April 1992.
Faith and order : finding our oneness
Minutes of the Standing Commission on Faith and Order, Faverges, Haute-Savoie, France, 14-21 June 2006
Doctrine, dynamic and difference
The Trinity and ecumenical church thought : the church-event
Minutes : Commission and Working Committee, Evanston and Chicago, 1954.
Documents on Christian unity : third series 1930-48
The Bible : its authority and interpretation in the ecumenical movement
Columba : Pilgrim and penitent
The ecumenical movement, the churches and the World Council of Churches : an Orthodox contribution to the reflection process on "The Common Understanding and Vision of the WCC" : the proceedings of the inter-Orthodox consultation on the "The Common Understanding and Vision of the WCC", Orthodox Centre of the Ecumenical Patriarchate, Chambésy, Geneva, 19 to 24 June 1995
For all Godś people : ecumenical prayer cycle
The unity of the church : requirements and structure
Luther Refracted speaks to the currency that Luther's life and thought continue to enjoy in today's Christian reflection. The contributors, representing a variety of Christian denominations, demonstrate Luther's lasting impact on their own traditions and, together with the Lutheran respondents, encourage a fresh understanding of the Reformer. In their at times vigorous engagement, Luther's legacy comes to light not only as variously received but also as contradicted, and transformed, only to reemerge as a fruitful leaven for further thought and transformation. All the essays presented here witness to Luther's significance as a formidable doctor ecclesiae, a teacher of the church.
Orthodox perspectives on mission
The ecclesiological renovation of Vatican II : an Orthodox examination of Rome's ecumenical theology regarding baptism and the Church
The 1947 meeting of the Continuation Committee held at St. George's School, Clarens, Switzerland, August 28 - September 1, 1947.
One in hope : documents of the visit of the Most Reverend Robert Runcie, Archbishop of Canterbury to His Holiness John Paul II, Bishop of Rome, 29 September 1989 to 2 October 1989.
Informationes theologiae Europae = Internationales ökumenisches Jahrbuch für Theologie. Jahrg. 6
We will not hang our harps on the willows : engagement and spirituality
Kanon : yearbook of the Society for the Law of the Eastern Churches = Kanon : annuaire de la société du droit des églises orientales = Kanon : Jahrbuch der Gesellschaft für das Recht der Ostkirchen. XV, Κανονικον δικαιον και οικουμενικα = Kirchenrecht und Ökumene = Canon law and ecumenism
Rome and the Eastern Churches : a study in schism
Communion of churches and Petrine ministry : Lutheran-Catholic convergences
Beyond the Reformation? : authority, primacy and unity in the conciliar tradition
Authority and freedom in liturgy: patristic, free church, pentecostal, ecumenical
The Development challenge : a sequel to the Beirut Conference of April 21-27, 1968, Montreal, Canada, May 9-12, 1969
Diakonia and diaconate as an ecumenical challenge
Ecumenism : a Lutheran commitment : an official statement of the Lutheran Church in America adopted by the Eleventh Biennial Convention, Louisville, Kentucky, September 3-10, 1982.
Porvoo consultations : Eastern Orthodox - Porvoo Consultation, Järvenpää 1-4 December 2005 : Porvoo Consultation on the Diaconate, London 25-27 January 2006
Dictionary of the ecumenical movement
Shared learning in a plural world : ecumenical approaches to inter-religious education
Report of the study commission on worship : Fourth world conference on Faith and Order, Montreal, Canada, 12-26 July 1963.
Coalitions for justice : the story of Canada's interchurch coalitions
The Church : a report of a theological commission of the Faith and Order Commission of the World Council of Curches in preparation for the Third World Conference on Faith and Order to be held at Lund, Sweden in 1952.
Facing diversity : the Evangelical Lutheran Church of Finland from 2004 to 2007
Panheresy of ecumenism
One world
The ecumenical movement tomorrow : suggestions for approaches and alternatives
Hope for faith : a conversation
Study paper on religious liberty
The sociological significance of the Taizé community as a religious phenomen of our time
The Roman Catholic papacy has long been a thorny issue dividing the ecumenical church. In this book several outstanding Lutheran and Catholic theologians, known collectively as the Group of Farfa Sabina, present the results of their five-year dialogue, showing how the papal (Petrine) ministry might actually serve to unify the worldwide communion of churches. Offering biblical, historical, and canonical analyses of key Vatican texts, this volume opens up paths to new and surprising Lutheran-Catholic convergences. The volume as a whole reflects the mutual commitment of Farfa Sabina members to shaping declarations of intent into effective realities. -- Review: William G. Rusch -- Yale Divinity School "This work is an indispensable resource for anyone interested in overcoming the disunity of the churches. It demonstrates how high-quality scholarship can enlighten questions about the papacy that at first glance appear closed. Disclosing the potential for degrees of resolution to what were once regarded as intractable barriers to greater unity, this report cannot be recommended too highly." John A. Radano -- Seton Hall University "A significant contribution to promoting ecumenical advance, this book is a must-read for those interested in the work of reconciliation among divided Christians."
Towards church union 1937-1952 : a survey of approaches to closer union among the churches
Nathan Söderblom : artisan of Christian unity between North and East : his correspondence with Orthodox personalities (1896-1931)
Minutes of the Meeting of the Working Committee 1958, Geneva, Switzerland
Christus Victor : world conference of Christian youth : a service in the Free Church tradition (in French and English), Tuesday July 25th, 1939.
Ireland : Christianity discredited or pilgrim's progress?
Wesley, Aquinas, and christian perfection : an ecumenical dialogue
The Lambeth Conference 1958 : The encyclical letter from the bishops together with the resolutions and reports
Minutes of the fifty-second meeting, Geneva, Switzerland, 26 August - 3 September 2002.
In many contexts the attribute "catholic" is misunderstood as a confessional term describing one specific church. The papers of the 18th Academic Consultation of Societas Oecumenica presented in this book give insights to the ecumenical significance of the "catholicity," which all churches confess in the Creed. They also take into consideration the tensions between unity and diversity as well as the challenges by new developments in worldwide Christianity.
The other side of the river : some reflection on the theme of the Vancouver Assembly
Everyday ecumenism : can you take the world church home?
Communio/Koinonia : a New Testament-Early Christian concept and its contemporary appropriation and significance
