http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13754 jubilee coins
jubilee coins
Special event production : the process
Catalogue Euro : coins and banknotes 2015.
Euro catalogue : coins and banknotes 2010.
Katalog-dovìdnik : dinamìki rinkovih cìn za 2006-2007 rr. na ûvìlejnì ta pam'âtnì moneti Ukraïni = Katalog-spravočnik : dinamiki rynočnyh cen za 2006-2007 gg. na ûbilejnye i pamâtnye monety Ukrainy = Catalogue-reference book : Dynamics of markets prices for 2006-2007 of the Ukrainian jubilee and memorable coins
Consumerism, romance, and the wedding experience
Catalogue Euro : coins and banknotes 2013.
Everyday adventures, problems, magical journeys, animal philosophers and joyful anarchy : Finnish children's books published in 2012-2013
Coins of Macedonia and Rome: essays in honour of Charles Hersh
Arheoloogiga Läänemeremaades : uurimusi Jüri Seliranna auks = Travelling with an archaeologist through the Baltic countries : studies in honour of Jüri Selirand
Monetary circulation of Russia. Volume II, Catalogue : part I : banknotes and coins of regular issues, part II : commemorative, jubilee and investment coins
Making commercial law : essays in honour of Roy Goode
Pamâthye žetony imperatorskoj Rossii (1721-1917 gg.) : katalog = Commemorative badges of the imperial Russia (1721-1917)
Tribal and peasant economies : readings in economic anthropology
New nordic photography : the Victor Fellowships 10 year anniversary issue / [editors Jenny Blixt ... [et al.]  ; contributing writers Mitro Kaurinkoski ... [et al.] ; contributing artists and collaborators Alen Aligrudic ... [et al.] ]
Madhu : recent researches in Indian archaeology and art history : shri M. N. Deshpande Festschrift
From Soviet plans to Russian reality
Medicina in nummis : from the numismatic collection of the Semmelweis museum for the history of medicine = Eine Auswahl aus der numismatischen Sammlung des Semmelweis-Museums für medizinische Geschichte
Rahan väärti = Finnish numismatics, Russian bonistics
Macroeconomic modelling and policy implications : in honour of Pertti Kukkonen
The coins and banknotes of Finland
