http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13765 Environmental Protection Act
Environmental Protection Act
Scientific development of China's low-carbon economy
Environmental policy integration : greening sectoral policies in Europe
Law and nature
Aquaculture and the environment in the European Community
Environment and Europe : European Union environment law and policy and its impact on industry
European environmental law : a comparative perspective
Protection of the environment during armed conflict
European Community environment legislation. Vol. 7, Water
The jurisdynamics of environmental protection : change and the pragmatic voice in environmental law
European Community environment legislation. Vol. 3, Chemicals, industrial risks and biotechnology
European Community environment legislation. Vol. 6, Waste
Constitutional environmental rights
The system of administrative and penal sanctions in the member states of the European Communities = Étude sur les systèmes de sanctions administratives et pénales dans les États membres des Communautés européennes. Volume 1, National reports = Rapports nationaux
Climate change revisited : technical, socioeconomic and legal dimensions : instruments of mitigation
Transboundary risk governance
Multilevel governance of global environmental change : perspectives from science, sociologia and the law
Rapports suisses présentés au XVIIe Congrès international de droit comparé, Utrecht, 16 au 22 juillet 2006 = : Swiss reports presented at the XVIIth International Congress of Comparative Law
European Community environment legislation. Vol. 4, Nature
Handbook Of Occupational Safety and Health
Protecting the European environment : enforcing the EC environmental law
Making law matter : environmental protection and legal institutions in Brazil
Compatibility of international and national environmental law
The reasonable arm of the law? : the law enforcement procedures of environmental health officers
Previous edition (1996) has sub-title : "and other essays on law, morals, and the environment" ; first edition (1974) has subtitle : "towards legal rights for natural objects.
International environmental disputes : a reference handbook
The WTO dispute settlement system : challenges of the environment, legitimacy and fragmentation
International law and the environment
Should trees have standing? : law, morality, and the environment
Europa-Glossar der Rechts- und Verwaltungssprache = European glossary of legal and administrative terminology. 29, Umweltpolitik, Umweltschutz, Umweltgestaltung : Deutsch und Englisch = Environmental policy, protection and management of the environment : German and English
Competition law & the environmet
Air pollution control in the European Community : implementation of the EC directives in the twelve member states
Integration through law : Europe and the American federal experience. Vol. 2, Environmental protection policy
European Community environment legislation. Vol. 2, Air
As the development of economy, the contradiction between the ecological environment and natural resources on the one hand and economic and social development on the other is becoming increasingly conspicuous. The problem of water environment is particularly severe, the pollution of water becoming one of the greatest problems. Public participation mechanism has already become an inevitable tool to be introduced into governments' environmental Acts and Policies to resolve the confrontations. This paper compares some of the practices in developed countries, with those of China. It is apparent that the country has still a long way to go in certain areas of environmental protection lawmaking. At present, there are only general rules about public participating environment protection in Chinese environment protection laws, and lack of a practical channel of public participation. This is shown upon analyzing some successful oversea cases and domestic cases with water pollution treatment in which the practice proves that public participation and building NGOs is one of the important factors. Eventually, through analyzing the cases with River Wei protection, this paper figures out the urgency and importance of public participation in the water environmental protection and suggests that government has to establish and develop more canonical and perfect public participation mechanism to resolve the water environment conflicts.
Forests in international law : is there really a need for an international forest convention?
Public participation in River Wei treatment project, China
The environmental management handbook
Protection of the environment and the free movement of goods
The legislation of environmental disclosures in three Nordic countries : a comparison
Wilderness protection in Europe : the role of international, European and national law
European Community environment legislation. Vol. 5, Noise
The international business environment : global and local marketplaces in a changing world
The Amazon from an international law perspective
Forest act habitats : Finnish woodland key habitats amid the intensive forestry
The environmental rights revolution : a global study of constitutions, human rights, and the environment
European Community environment legislation. Vol. 1, General policy
Finnish environmental legislation
Administrative structures and implementation of the Community directives on the dangerous substances discharged into the aquatic environment
Governing environmental risk, particularly large-scale transboundary risks associated with climate change and pollution, is one of the most pressing problems facing society . This book focuses on a set of key questions relating to environmental regulation: How are activities regulated in a fragmented world - a world of nation states, regulators, domestic and international law and political contests - and one in which a range of actors, such as governments, corporations and NGOs act in order to influence regulations in specific policy areas? How are complex and trans-boundary environmental issues managed? What role does expert knowledge play in regulating this kind of issues? What give rules authority? In short, how do actors try to render an issue governable? Drawing on regulation theory, discourse theory and science and technology studies, and employing original research, the authors analyse the regulation of four kinds of complex and trans-boundary environmental issues: oil protection in the Baltic Sea, mobile phones and radiation protection, climate change adaptation and genetically modified crops. The outcomes include insights for policymakers, regulators and researchers into how dominant frames are constructed, legitimate actors are configured and authority is established. This in turn exposes the conditions for, and possibility of, developing regulation, making authoritative rules and shaping relevant knowledge in order to govern complex environmental risks.
Environmental rights as a constitutional problem
