http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13776 sparsely populated areas
sparsely populated areas
Northern peripheral, sparsely populated regions in the European Union
Northern and mountain villages under the pressure of change : proceedings of a symposium held 1-6 June, 1982, in Lapland
Summary (s. 2-19).
Possibilities for necropsy in a sparsely populated area
Northern peripheral, sparsely populated regions in the European Union and in Norway
New research-based knowledge about peripherality and planning practices in depopulated built-up areas in the Northern Periphery
The libraries in Lapland: distribution and knowledge, information, literature and other cultural materials in the sparsely populated areas of Finland
Abstract: New research-based knowledge about peripherality and planning practices in depopulated built-up areas in the Northern Periphery.
Challenges and strengths of early childhood education in sparsely populated small provinces the case of Lapland, Finland
Background: Every under-school-age child in Finland is justified to receive day care and early childhood education according to law regardless of the child's place of residence. The nation wants to invest in quality early childhood education because both parents of the vast majority of families with children under school age are in full-time employment. How is this arranged in sparsely populated, remote provinces and municipalities? Purpose: Due to remote location and long distances between families, the solutions of guaranteeing quality day care services for all children is challenging. In this review paper, the practical realization of early childhood education in the province of Lapland with 6,000 children under school age is discussed. Conclusion: Suggestions for the future are presented, especially the possibilities of distance education and online peer support for early childhood educators.
Addressing the methodological and topical challenges facing demographers working in remote regions, this book compares and contrasts the research, methods and models, and policy applications from peripheral regions in developed nations. With the emphasis on human populations as dynamic, adaptive, evolving systems, it explores how populations respond in different ways to changing environmental, cultural and economic conditions and how effectively they manage these change processes. Theoretical understandings and policy issues arising from demographic modelling are tackled including: competition for skilled workers; urbanisation and ruralisation; population ageing; the impacts of climate change; the life outcomes of Indigenous peoples; and, globalisation and international migration. Based on a strong theoretical framework around issues of heterogeneity, generational change, temporariness and the relative strength of internal and external ties, "Demography at the Edge" provides a common set of approaches and issues that benefit both researchers and practitioners.
A portfolio of e-health applications in European sparsely populated areas : competitive health services in sparsely populated areas : e-health applications across the urban-rural dimension
Coping with distances : producing Nordic Atlantic societies
Rural transport solutions in Northern periphery : existing transport services in RTS partner regions : structure, modes, challenges and best practices
The edge of extinction : travels with enduring people in vanishing lands
Demography at the edge : remote human populations in developed nations
Multigrade schools : improving access in rural Africa?
