http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13707 Japanese identity
Japanese identity
Race, ethnicity and migration in modern Japan. Vol. 1, Race, ethnicity and culture in modern Japan
The cool-kawaii : Afro-Japanese aesthetics and new world modernity
Foreign images and experiences of Japan. Vol. 1, First century AD - 1841
Professor Risley (Richard Risley Carlisle) introduced the Western circus to Japan in 1864. Three years later, this former acrobat gave many in the West their first glimpse of Japan when he took his Imperial Japanese Troupe of acrobats and jugglers on a triumphant tour of North America and Europe. Over the next few years, the Troupe performed before presidents, monarchs, and ordinary citizens. Frederik L. Schodt argues compellingly that such early popular entertainments helped stir a curiosity about all things Japanese that eventually led to japonisme, The Mikado, and, in our time, the boom in manga and anime. Schodt's depiction of Risley and his troupe is enlivened by portraits of the circus demimonde and supported by nineteenth-century photographs, posters, and drawings, many in color. His accounts of these first meetings between Westerners and Japanese shed new light on how different cultures meet, mingle, and influence each other. Descriptions of crowds, dazzling routines, and superstar troupe performers like the famous Little All Right are a delightful revelation to anyone interested in Asia, the circus, and popular entertainment.
Japonisme : cultural crossings between Japan and the West
Beautiful fighting girl
This book is a remarkable reevaluation of Japan's role in the modern world. It includes a new assessment of the events leading up to the dropping of the bomb on Hiroshima, and of the potential role of Japanese philosophy in creating a dynamic approach to human nature and our understanding of reality. The book also shows the interrelatedness of various facets of Japanese history and society, including psychological orientation, pop culature, and Japan's vibrant craft tradition. Finally, it concludes with a possible prediction, that whereas the United States will not be able to escape from its neoliberal economic categories and its commitment to a self-defeating philosophy of "growth." Japan might surprise us, and turn out to be the frontrunner in the development of post-capitalist alternatives in the 21st century. Written in a personal and accessible style, the book is likely to provide a focus for debate about issues of economy, ecology, and sustainability for years to come.
Western writers in Japan
This is a history of photography in Japan, which is intertwined with the dramatic changes in Japanese culture and society over the last 150 years. The book shows how photography in Japan documented key cultural and political events, war, urban life and social change.
The Japanese
Japan-ness in architecture
Popular culture, globalization and Japan
Contemporary Japan from European perspective
An introduction to Japanese society
Japanese Inspired Knits : Marianne Isager Collection
The works
Japanese patterns of behavior
African forms
Race, ethnicity and migration in modern Japan. Vol. 2, Indigenous and colonial others
Shoes outside the door
CanCam-girls : young women and images in japanese fashion magazines
Culture shock! : a survival guide to customs and etiquette : Bahrain
Katachi : classic Japanese design
The pillow book
"On the following pages, we will retrace the origins and evolution of holy foolery in Japan. We will witness its near extinguishment through the process of modernization and globalization. We will see why Japan needs holy foolery more than ever. And we will identify contemporary traces that suggest a basis for optimism about laughter's possible resurgence." from inside jacket cover.
Wabi-Sabi for artists, designers, poets & philophers
Originally published in Japanese, If There Were No Japan: A Cultural Memoir was acclaimed for its insights into Japanese life, bringing together aspects of history, culture and everyday life to paint an original and revealing portrait of the Japanese people and the pressing issues facing them today
East Asian national identities : commonalities and differences
Japanese influences in Angela Carter's The Infernal Desire Machines of Doctor Hoffman
The very small home : Japanese ideas for living well in limited space
Gothic & Lolita bible. Vol. 1, Feb. 2008
Japonisme : the Japanese influence on Western art since 1858
Manga : an anthology of global and cultural perspectives
Setting sun : writings by Japanese photographers
Capturing contemporary Japan : differentiation and uncertainty
A practical guide to Japanese gardening  : advice and step-by-step projects, with over 700 illustrations, plans and photographs
Holy foolery in the life of Japan : a historical overview
If there were no Japan : a cultural memoir
Refining nature in modern Japanese literature : the life and art of Shiga Naoya
The long defeat : cultural trauma, memory, and identity in Japan
Cool nations : media and the social imaginary of the branded country
Rice as self : Japanese identities through time
Japanese etiquette & ethics in business
Before the nation : Kokugaku and the imagining of community in early modern Japan
Nation branding is the most recent feature of imagined nation-making in the history of nations. Facing global competition, national decision-makers aim to distinguish their countries from others by means of branding. Quite a few nations have considered the term 'cool' suitable for describing some essence of their country's brand. Cool Nations. Media and the Social Imaginary of the Branded Country traces the mediated ways in which the transnational idea of "cool" has circulated from popular culture, fashion, and marketing into describing nations. The book explores the commodification of the nation, the shift to a promotional political culture, and the role of media in contributing to the circulation of the idea of the Cool Nation. The social imaginary of nation branding takes its theory and practices from marketing, unlike earlier imaginations based on ideas of democracy or citizenship. Cool Nations argues that "cool" is one of the vehicles through which the commodification of nations takes place.
Just enough : lessons in living green from traditional Japan
Kokoro no Katachi : the image of the heart
Japonisme in Britain : Whistler, Menpes, Henry, Hornel, and 19th century Japan
Quiet beauty : the Japanese gardens of North America
Japan as images : crossing viewpoints of Europe and Japan
Material, mental, and moral progress : American conceptions of civilization in late 19th century studies on "things Chinese and Japanese"
This text relates the experiences of a range of Western writers who went to Japan as teachers and lecturers, covering a period of over 100 years. It discusses East/West cultural differences, Western "individualism" encountering Japanese "formal" society, and also draws on the author's interviews with many of the writers featured. It includes some hitherto unpublished correspondence, as well as comments on their published works.
The Japanese self in cultural logic
Negotiating bilingual and bicultural identities : Japanese returnees betwixt two worlds
Discourses of the vanishing : modernity, phantasm, Japan
Japan : a survival guide to customs and etiquette
Félix Guattari : an aberrant introduction
Fresh fruits
Image of Japan in Europe
Professor Risley & the imperial Japanese troupe : how an American acrobat introduced circus to Japan, and Japan to the West
CultureShock! : a survival guide to customs and etiquette : Japan
The Japan of pure invention : Gilbert and Sullivan's The Mikado
The China problem in postwar Japan : Japanese national identity and Sino-Japanese relations
Race, ethnicity and migration in modern Japan. Vol. 3, Imagined and imaginary minorities
Crucible Bodies : postwar Japanese performance from Brecht to the new millennium
Hiroshima : the autobiography of Barefoot Gen
Differencing body, performing race : Noriko Show in Finland
Neurotic beauty : an outsider looks at Japan
Everyday aesthetics
Effect of the Japanese management model changes to its Nordic subsidiaries
Photography and Japan
Images of Japan and the Japanese : the representations of the Japanese culture in the popular literature targeted at the Western World in the 1980s-1990s
The peasant soul of Japan
Japan as represented in European media : its analytical methodologies and theories - in comparison with Korean cases
An analysis of Japanese characteristics
