http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1379 customer service
customer service
Order Delivery Management : Case: Xerox Oy
Supply chain quality in supplier and customeer context at Aker Mäntyluoto Oy
Be our guest : perfecting the art of customer service
Determining critical levels for quality dimensions in service firms - with special empirical focus on the employee resource
Customer care : how to be better at..
Customer innovation : customer-centric strategy for enduring growth
Market entry to US : IT company ZEF Ltd
An international customer service guide for startup-companies
Customer-focused quality : what to do on Monday morning
Importance of customers satisfaction in Waskia restaurant
Teacher's manual for dining room service
The Impact of a Robust Quality System on a Bank's Customer Satisfaction Levels : a Research Study for Lammin Osuuspankki
Has customer satisfaction been  affected by the offshoring trend of call centres in the  British insurance industry?
Customer service and satisfaction : Kältering AG auditing their customers
Developing customer-oriented services for Russian quests in Katinkulta
Total quality service : principles, practices, and implementation
Service design for business : a practical guide to optimizing the customer experience
The bad food guide
Developing Sievo's customer support
6 simple steps to 6 figures for the solo service professional : how to create your lifestyle business based on your passion for serving others
Improving Customer Satisfaction and Customer Service Levels : Case: Nakumatt Mega City Supermarket
Key Customer Relationship Management and Service Delivery Plan : case: Service Methodology Plan
Winning back lost customers - Oy Beweship Ab
Online Marketing : a Study in E-service Section with a Case Study of Jobstreet.com
Development of sevice quality to enhance customers satisfaction
Receptionists' job satisfaction in hotels of Rovaniemi : effects of unhappy and problematic customers
The field sales handbook
Customer service training program for Virginia Woof Dog Daycare Center
The innovator's dilemma : when new technologies cause great firms to fail
Customer segmentation in customer service and decision making process : case: Maskun Kalustetalo Ltd., Ylöjärvi
The service edge : 101 companies that profit from customer care
Designing service processes to unlock value
Customer service over the phone
Customer satisfaction survey, result analysis and utilization in a global forestry company
INCREASING THE QUALITY OF SERVICE : Case Service Desk
Understanding and managing customers
Customer satisfaction analysis: Case Akzept Ltd
Service Quality and Customer Satisfaction in the Restaurant Business : Case Study - Sagarmatha Nepalese Restaurant in Vantaa
Complaint Management and Cross Cultural Differences
Customer satisfaction research for Kotimaailma Apartments
Receptionists' job satisfaction in hotels of Rovaniemieffects of unhappy and problematic customers /
Counselling difficult clients
The compassionate geek : how engineers, IT pros and other tech specialists can master human relations skills to deliver outstanding customer service
Abstract: This Thesis investigates the appliance of Customer Experience Management (CEM) con-ceptual framework in telecom operator business. The case company of the Thesis is one of the major telecom operators in Finland providing mobile communication, fixed broadband and TV consumer services. The company has placed an increased focus on their delivered customer experience and proved to be an opportune ground for a CEM focused study.  By reflecting on the elements of the CEM conceptual framework, this study examines the case company's current state and service practices. The study is scoped to the customer service functions of the company.  This study is an in-depth single case study, which utilizes methods of qualitative research. The interviews serve as the primary source of data. Five managers from the case company were interviewed, two from middle – and three from lower level management. Prior to the research, a literary review enabled the designing of the research structure and discovering the necessary elements to seek answers to in the interviews. The literary review consisted of the topics of Customer Experience Management, customer relationship management, telecom market reports by Finnish Telecom Regulatory Authority (FICORA), telecom indus-try reports from EPSI Rating Finland (Extended Performance Satisfaction Index), and Er-icsson ConsumerLab.  The study proposes a set of recommendations and managerial implications that can help the case company to identify the elements of their customer service that need improve-ment from the point of view of CEM conceptual framework. These recommendations in-clude establishment of a CEM taskforce, an improved focus on promoter customers, an appointment of a Customer Experience Officer and an improved articulation of the desired customer experience.
Improving Customer Satisfaction, case Tiger Airways
Ready made activities for negotiating skills
25 tips for excellent customer service : an action plan for service success
Customer satisfaction of an apartment hotel
Higher profits through customer lock-in : a roadmap
Customer Relationship Management in a Tourism Company
Perception-based pricing strategies for mobile services in customer marketing context
From products to services : insight and experience from companies which have embraced the service economy
Improving the Help-desk Service of the Facility Superintendents at Laurea Leppävaara
The new era of salesmanship : bringing the art of selling  into the 21st century
Social skills : are they important traits of a service employee?
Today, the multiculturalism of any company’s clientele is increasing and the role of different cultures in customer service situations is growing. The topic for this thesis emerged from the author’s own experiences as a customer servant in the Case Company that was the commissioner of this thesis. The Company has plenty of foreign customers in the Oulu region and thus, improving the customer service of foreign customers is a current and an important issue. The objective of the thesis was to examine how the customer service of foreign customers in the Case Company could be improved in practice. The study focused on the main channels of customer service in the Company: telephone services, electronic customer service and customer service at the service desk. The objective was also to introduce ideas for creating even more pleasant intercultural customer service situations for both the customer servants and the foreign customers of the Case Company in the future. The study was conducted using three qualitative research methods: an email interview, document analyses and participant observations. The collected data was analyzed and interpreted in the context of theories about customer service, intercultural communication and intercultural competence. The results of the study suggested that the key to improving the customer service of foreign customers in the Case Company would be to offer regular training for the customer servants and to invest in developing the electronic customer service for foreign customers. Creating a comprehensive plan for consistently improving the customer service of foreign customers in the future could be more effective than single improvements.
How to offer quality e-service in a new online store? : Case study: IVANAhelsinki Web shop
Delivering effective social customer service : how to redefine the way you manage customer experience and your corporate reputation
Call centres in international marketing: the boat you may be missing
Evaluating Web-based customer service and support
Marketing and Service Development : Case Hot Pot Chinese Restaurant
Customer service reporting system for quality management : Case: Pohjola Vakuutus Ltd
Sales and service for the wine professionals
Developing the knowledge intensive service offering in the higher education network cooperation context : Case Helsinki Education and Research Area (HERA)
Customer service for hospitality and tourism
The service advantage : how to identify and fulfill customer needs
The consumer in public services : choice, values and difference
Creating customers for life
Measuring customer satisfaction: a Sonera store case study
The role of social customer service in online service business : an exploratory case study on Wolt
Service design for Chinese restaurant management in Finland
Adding value to customer service by developing marketing material
The latest research on the evolution of consumer services, as these services continue to become a larger part of the economy in the world. It includes conceptualisation of the important issues, as well as recommendations for managers.
Integrated distribution management : competing on customer service, time and cost
The customer delight principle : exceeding customers' expectations for bottom-line success
Understanding Customer Experience through Methodological Triangulation – Case: Repair Services in Finland
Achieving excellence in guest service
CUSTOMER OPINIONS ON BANK SERVICES IN CHINA CONSTRUCTION BANK
Customer service : a practical approach
Competitive advantage through customer satisfaction
The thesis is provided to help small startup-companies to learn basic factors of international customer service. It does not have any specific commissioner but a company of any field of business is welcome to take advantage of it. The objective of the thesis was to make an international customer service guide with the most general perspective as possible and to include the most important matters according to international customer service into the same guide. Source materials are used as references and these materials were the basis of the research. Books (i.e. Järvinen, R; Rosti, P; Ylikoski, T; 2002. Hyvä asiakaspalvelu-menestystekijä finanssialalla) and articles (e.g. Business and industry portal; Service and selling strategies at the time of sale) had a major role in the results of a research of this kind. The main findings of the thesis are that a functional customer service is a necessary part of any kind of business, qualitative customer service requires expertise and that cultural factors have an impact on international customer service. This thesis can be continued by another author in the future. The next step for it would be to consider a specific culture and a startup-company and to find solutions for the company’s main problems according to international customer service.^
Breakfast service quality in Restaurant Gui, Hilton Helsinki Airport hotel.
Presenting service : the ultimate guide for foodservice professionals
Getting to wow!: everybody WINS with 5 star service
Internet banking services in China : customer service quality delivered over the Internet
Values-based service for sustainable business : lessons from IKEA
The complete guide to customer service
The verbal judo approach in demanding customer encounters
Customer Retention in E-commerce business
Customer satisfaction in B2B cloud services
How to improve market position in the Finnish art market: A case study of Brande Arts Oy
Service failure : the real reasons employees struggle with customer service and what you can do about it
The professional host
A community pharmacy IT paradox : community pharmacists' self-perception of innovativeness not matched by actual innovations
Front office management and operations
Raving fans : a revolutionary approach to customer service
Readings in service marketing
Hotel reception
GETTING BETTER IN BEING THE BEST - : Increasing Service Awareness among the Russian Customers of a Case Company
Counselling in a nutshell
On great service : a framework for action
Skills needed in multicultural counselling - As viewed by multicultural counsellors
Customer service officer as a responsible host at the Skycity Adelaide Casino
Leading libraries : how to create a service culture
Ready made activities for Selling Skills
Customer Satisfaction : Case Farm Tourism Ilomäki
Service Design and Delivery : How Design Thinking Can Innovate Business and Add Value to Society
In "Design for Services", Anna Meroni and Daniela Sangiorgi articulate what Design is doing and can do for services, and how this connects to existing fields of knowledge and practice. Designers previously saw their task as the conceptualisation, development and production of tangible objects. In the twenty-first century, a designer rarely 'designs something' but rather 'designs for something': in the case of this publication, for change, better experiences and better services. The authors reflect on this recent transformation in the practice, role and skills of designers, by organising their book into three main sections. The first section links "Design for Services" to existing models and studies on services and service innovation. Section two presents multiple service design projects to illustrate and clarify the issues, practices and theories that characterise the discipline today; using these case studies the authors propose a conceptual framework that maps and describes the role of designers in the service economy. The final section projects the discipline into the emerging paradigms of a new economy to initiate a reflection on its future development.
Customer experience management in telecom operator business : a customer service perspective
Dining room service
Magnetic service : secrets for creating passionately devoted customers
The help desk audit : blueprint for success
The correct service department for hotels, motor hotels motels and resorts
This article assesses co-operative features of forestry advising encounters with an emphasis on their pedagogical positioning. The study argues that only an in-depth analysis can reveal the multifaceted nature of the advisory interaction and provide systematic justifications for extension service enhancement. Authentic video recordings of advisory encounters between a forestry extension advisor (FEA) and family forest owners (FFOs) are scrutinized using the qualitative approach of conversation analysis and the initiation–response–evaluation pedagogical sequence model. Although the actual interplay of the participants was founded on a distinct role differentiation (i.e. teacher–student), situational and contingent variations between formal and informal positioning emerged. The FFOs proved active in making initiatives (e.g. posing questions) and thus influencing the agenda of the meetings, whereas the FEA's speech turns were mostly used to restore the conventional hierarchical positioning. However, the results show that expert-directed service and customer-orientated services are not mutually exclusive. Effective forestry advisory practice is a rather socially motivated action embodied with talk and other means of communication. Thus the current emphasis on Internet-based services provides only halfway solutions, because virtual guidance lacks many of the interactive elements provided in face-to-face advisory encounters.
Improving the customer service of foreign customers in a Case Company
Equality in managing service delivery
Tourist customer service satisfaction : an encounter approach
Developing social customer service : case Petäys Resort
The impact of customer service quality on customer satisfaction in tourism sector
Usage of digital loyalty programs in the city center area in Jyväskylä
Creating customer value through industrial services : case: Raute Technology Services
Creating an ideal customer path using service design : Case Pharmacy Isokannel
Increasing Sales in a Hotel Lobby Shop
The eight suns of Asian service : practising outstanding customer service in Asia
When America does it right : case studies in service quality
Young People as a Customer Segment for Travel Agency Services
Customer service workers' knowledge of aphasia in Finland
Developing the Internal Service Quality in Organisation Y
Unleashing excellence : the complete guide to ultimate customer service
Customers as partners : building relationships that last
Purchasing and supply chain management : strategies and realities
The concise guide to telephone tactics
Hotel front office management
Managing consumer services : factory or theater?
Winning behavior : what the smartest, most successful companies do differently
Self-service technology in hotel reseption : finnish customer perceptions
Magnet marketing : the ultimate strategy for attracting and holding customers
Stakeholder relationship development plan
Fundamentals of selling : customers for life
Quality Restaurant Service Guaranteed : a training outline
Communications in travel and tourism : practical guide-lines and assignments for students of travel and tourism
Contact : customer service in the hospitality and tourism industry
Service recovery : fixing broken customers
QFD application in the hospitality industry : a hotel case study
Benefits and utilisation of customer satisfaction surveys
Corporate customers’ needs and expectations for legal services
Improving customer satisfaction : case OPM International Oy
Customer satisfaction in web-based support : a quantitative online survey
Customer Satisfaction in Service Industry : Case Study of Nokia River Golf
Service Design Implementation. :  Case: Kotoka International Airport-Ghana
Selling quality at Laatukoru Oy: Introduction to Swiss watches
Patrons are people : how to be a model librarian
Developing Multichannel, Cross-border Customer Service
Mobile application as a potential key customer base
Image vs. Reality in a Receptionist's Job
Online Marketing: A Study in E – Service Section : Case Study: Jobstreet.com
Customer centric approach as a strategic tool in the telecommunication industry : Case Vodafone Ghana
An International Customer Service Guide For Startup-Companies
Service development plan : Case: Finnish Red Cross Tampere Branch home care service
Successful enquiry answering every time
Improvement of Customer Satisfaction and Service Quality. Case Lassila & Tikanoja Oyj
Professional selling : a consultative approach
Potentials of forestry extension encounters : a conversation analysis approach
Quality management in social welfare and health care for the 21st century : national recommendation
Designing services with innovative methods
CUSTOMER CARE AS AN ESSENTIAL ELEMENT IN THE TELECOMMUNICATION INDUSTRY : Case Airtel Ghana.
Customer Satisfaction Level in Mount Sherpa Restaurant
The aim of this thesis is to provide the commissioner ZEF Ltd. with important points of considera-tion when entering the US market. The subject was agreed with the commissioner to support their business expansion abroad, and the desired results of this thesis will point out certain matters that may have gone unnoticed if it was not for this thesis. The purpose is to help ZEF have a suc-cessful market entry to the US. Mainly online sources were used for the theoretical background in order to ensure up-to-date information and practical approach. To support the knowledge provided by theory, a semi-structured interview covering all the four themes was conducted with Juho Risku, the co-founder and partner at Butterfly Ventures, due to his experience in operating a business in the US. The interview was used together with the theory to form a coherent knowledge base. The results show that ZEF needs to take into account each of the four themes introduced in this thesis. They should consider all the practicalities of establishing an office in a foreign country from entry strategies to market differences. After entering the country, the company needs to consider different ways of networking in order to establish relationships with business partners and cus-tomers. Also, ZEF needs to consider their marketing and sales operations, especially whether to use both inbound and outbound marketing, and whether their product is ready for the market or not. The final consideration is the arrangement of customer support, as customer support locating only in Finland is not going to be sufficient, and ZEF will face the need to recruit more employees in the US. This thesis was conducted when ZEF was not yet operating in the US. Therefore, as the situation and the companys plans may change during their US operations, further research could be done on each of the four themes or the situation as a whole. For example, continuously changing mar-keting methods can bring new research ideas, and the arrangement of customer support will face challenges as the US customer base grows bigger.
A customer survey of Chinese travelers in airport duty-free shops : Case: Finnair Plc & Finavia
The Brazilian market for forestry machinery : case: Ponsse Latin America Ltda
Logistics customer service and effect of distribution decisions on this in a case company
Customer retention : an integrated process for keeping your best customers
The impact of in-store customer service on postpurchase impulse-buying behaviour : a case study based on Gallery, a street fashion store
Service, service, service : the key to winnig lifetime customers
ADDING VALUE TO CUSTOMER RELATIONSHIP MANAGEMENT VIA SOCIAL MEDIA : CASE: WENZHOU WANDA CINEMA’S SINA WEIBO
WELL-BEING OF BODY AND SOUL : Fitness and Pampering in Spa Hotel Kivitippu
Qualitative Evaluation Criteria for Client Relationship Managers in the Financial Services Industry
The quest for quality : prescriptions for achieving excellence
Intercultural customer service encounters : a behavioral study of satisfactory and unsatisfactory service outcomes
Customer satisfaction analysis : Case Company Aninkaisten Kiinteistövälitys Oy
Design for services
Celebrity service
CUSTOMER CARE AND ACCOUNT MANAGEMENT IN INTERNAL FINANCIAL SERVICES : Case Company X's Shared Service Center
Customer service satisfaction is something which has not been researched enough from an e-commerce perspective. Because increasing number of people are purchasing online, it is very important to ensure the customer service satisfaction in order to sustain and improve the sales and profitability. In the last five years, e-commerce in Finland has grown by twenty percent. The purpose of this thesis is to understand the customer service satisfaction in Finnish online stores and identify the areas of improvement. After the theoretical analysis of key topics, a qualitative survey was carried out to understand the current state of customer satisfaction and room for improvement. According to the survey, customers are generally satisfied with their online purchasing experience. However there are some issues regarding the customer service experience and dispute resolution that can be helpful for the e-commerce site owners in order to improve the overall customer service satisfaction.
The Importance of the First Impression in Hotel Customer Service
Super service : seven keys to delivering great customer service : even when you don't feel like it, even when they don't deserve it
Improving the customer service of foreign customers in a case company
Using web applications for improved customer service in logistics : case study: Freight Calculator for Russian Cargo Service Oy
The elements of obedience in client/customer service : interpretation
Guide to good service : a manual for hostesses and waitresses
Quality customer service : satisfy customers - it's everybody's job
Integrated Multichannel Customer Service Plan For Stark
The impact of in-store customer service on postpurchase impulse-buying behaviour : A case study based on Gallery, a street fashion store
Defining customer experience in four star hotels in Finland and in Russia
A guide to computer user support for help desk & support specialist, third edition
Customer service satisfaction survey of e-commerce sites in Finland
Development of Customer Satisfaction : HAMK Education and Research Centre of Wellbeing
Ready made activities for customer care
Creating a customer focused company : 25 proven customer service strategies
Customer support in the Internet
A Conceptual framework for understanding e-service quality : implications for future research and managerial practice
Customer Satisfaction in the retail market
Customer perception of service, store image and product assortment : from an interior store perspective
The Experiences of Finnish companies about the Quality of Chinese Labor : Comparison between Chinese and Finnish work cultures
Marketing research for customer service development of a sport store
Successful sales management : how to make your team the best
Abstract: The impact of in-store customer service on postpurchase impulse-buying behaviour : a case study based on Gallery, a street fashion store. The purpose of this study is to research how in-store customer service can affect satisfied impulse purchasers' postpurchase behaviour in terms of store returns. The results of this study revealed that in-store customer service can positively affect impulse-buyers' postpurchase evaluations of service, and by increasing the level of in-store service the sales personnel can influence the customers' cognitions, and move an initial impulse purchase into a permanent adoption (Kang & Johnson, 2009). This in return can minimise store returns. This study provides information as to why in-store customer service should be considered as a part of the strategic store environment, and how service-oriented emphasis can influence impulse-buying behaviour.
The elements of obedience in client/customer service : identification
Checkout : A life on the tills
What drives customer loyalty in brick and mortar fashion retail?
Kaizen strategies for customer care : how to create a powerful customer-care program - and make it work
The customer-driven company : moving from talk to action
User-driven community-based service development
