http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13742 sulphates
sulphates
Effects of anthropogenic and natural hydrological changes on the behavior of the acidic metal discharge from acid sulfate soils in a river- and lake system in western Finland
Hybrid membrane processes in industrial water treatment:separation and recovery of inorganic compounds
The effect of mechanical treatment on softwood kraft pulp fibers : fiber wall
Chemical character of the response of softwood kraft pulp towards industrial two-stage oxygen-alkali delignification
Release, transport and deposition of metals in a coastal acid sulphate soil landscape, Western Finland
Hydrochloric acid and sodium sulfate
Sulphur dynamics in boreal potential and actual acid suplhate soils rich in metastable iron sulphide
Utilisation of gasification carbon residues : activation, characterisation and use as an adsorbent
Concentration levels and spatial distribution of sulphur and metals in fine-grained sediments in western Finland
Stream plant chemistry as indicator of acid sulphate soils in Sweden
Kraft recovery boilers
Effects of fiber deformations on pulp sheet properties and fiber strength
Organic chemistry for cosmetic chemists
Mobility, chemical fractionation and plant uptake of Cd, Ni and Zn in contaminated soils
The performance, kinetics and microbiology of sulfidogenic fluidized-bed reactors treating acidic metal- and sulfate-containing wastewater
One of the ways of keeping the environment clean and safe is by avoiding unnecessary waste and saving the space for small and large scale development practices. Recycled aggregates are one of those recycled construction materials that are used to mitigate the material consuming, money intensive, and environmentally alarming construction market. In this small study recycled aggregate materials were acquired from Top-Mix, recycling plant for construction and demolition waste that recycles this rubble into recycled aggregates. These recycled aggregates are often used in road constructions. To stimulate the use of recycled aggregates in structural applications; it should be proven that these kinds of aggregates are not harmful to the application. In this study the aim was to determine if recycled aggregates contain certain contaminations that can disturb the binding reactions of cement, especially chlorides and sulfates. The investigation consisted of several steps; Visual inspection, determination of the content of concrete, red bricks, woods and other materials. Dividing into different aggregate size groups and determination of; the water absorption, chemical chloride content and water soluble sulfate content were done.  The result on the chemical analysis showed that there is no chemical danger from recycling the construction aggregates, as the concentrations of both chloride and did not go beyond the limit for use in construction applications.
Trace gases and the biosphere : papers arising from the 1988 OIES Global Change Institute Snowmass, Colorado 8-19 August 1988.
Characteristics of Portland cements for sulfate and weather resistant concrete
Sulphate stores and sulphate adsorption capacity of the spodic B horizon of Swedish forest soils
The effects of Fe(III) and other alternative electron acceptors on methane biogeochemistry in boreal lake sediments
The human solute carrier 26 family of anion exchangers
Towards complete impregnation of wood chips with aqueous solutions. Part 5, Improving uniformity of kraft displacement batch pulping
Modelling displacement flow and ionic equilibria in pulp beds. Part 1, Laboratory experiments
The effect of mechanical treatment on softwood kraft pulp fibers : pulp and fiber properties
Equilibria and balances of metal ions in kraft pulping
Successive alkalinity producing system for the treatment of acid sulphate soil runoff : preliminary results of a field trial
Biogeochemistry in acid sulphate soil landscapes and small urban centres in Western Finland
Gypsum amendment of soils reduces phosphorus losses in an agricultural catchment
Abstract: Isolation of DNA of sulfate-reducing bacteria and detection with qPCR  Mercury can be found in Finland's soil, and it is toxic for most microbes. There are microbes, which have resistances for mercury. Sulfate-reducing bacteria occur in polluted soil and even cells contain mercury. Sulfate-reducing bacteria can modify mercury to methyl mercury, which is more toxic than elemental mercury. Methyl mercury like mercury can accumulate to upwards in the food chain.    Finnish Forest Research Institute studies how whole-tree harvesting and stem-only har-vesting impacts on the mobilization of mercury and methyl mercury from drained peatland forests. For research eight peatlands from two different soils were chosen, half located on black schistsoil and other half on rock. Both four series of peatlands included one control site, one stem-only harvesting and two whole-tree harvesting peatlands.    The thesis focuses on sulfate-reducing bacteria contained in swamps that were known to include mercury. Impacts of sample depth, soil and harvesting to sulfate-reducing bacte-ria's concentration were studied. First total-DNA was isolated, and then DNA was purified with PEG-precipitation because of high inhibition. With 16S rRNA primers sample's DNA was confirmed in PCR. Next PCR was performed with specific dsrA primers to study sul-fate-reducing bacteria. Final concentration of sulfate-reducing bacteria was detected with qPCR.    Sulfate-reducing bacteria were found on most of the samples in different depths, but the highest occurrence was in deeper layers of soil. The result was logical, because most sulfate-reducing bacteria are anaerobic and like to live in the interface of anaerobic and aerobic. Rich soil contained clearly higher concentration of sulfate-reducing bacteria than poor one. Stem-only harvesting had lower concentration of sulfate-reducing bacteria than whole-tree harvesting due to alteration of soil's composition.    The ability on sulfate-reducing bacteria to process and resist oxygen and mercury vary between genus and even between species. Also the variety of sulfate-reducing bacteria chances in different depth of soil. That's why identification of sulfate-reducing bacteria is important.
Chemical contamination in recycled aggregates
Temporal and regional patterns of atmospheric components affecting acidification in Finland
Towards complete impregnation of wood chips with aqueous solutions. Part 4, Effects of front-end modifications in displacement batch kraft pulping
Element speciation and behaviour in metal-rich Boreal river and estuarine systems using ultrafiltration and chemical modelling
Active Wetlands : the use of chemical amendments to intercept phosphate runoffs in agricultural catchments : final report of the Active Wetlands Interreg IVA project
Sources of acidity and metals in a stream draining acid sulphate soil, till and peat, western Finland, revealed by a hydrochemical and sulphur isotope study
An analytical procedure for determination of sulphur species and isotopes in boreal acid sulphate soils and sediments
On the biological function and synthesis of heparan sulphate
Summary.
Sulfur biogeochemistry : past and present
Obstetric Anesthesia
Measured and simulated effects of sophisticated drainage techniques on groundwater level and runoff hydrochemistry in areas of boreal acid sulphate soils
Formation of TiO2 pigment particles in the sulphate process : a methodological study
A comparison of nitrogen and carbon reserves in acid sulphate and non acid sulphate soils in western Finland
Sulphate adsorption on variable-charge minerals in podzolized soils in relation to sulphur deposition and soil acidity
The effect of transition metal ions on the kraft pulping process
Improved modified kraft cooking. 4, Modified cooking with improved sulfide and lignin profiles
Redox reactions and water quality in cultivated boreal acid sulphate soils in relation to water management
pH of streams in western Finland : a perspective from the Middle Ages into the mid 21st century
Pärnänsuo : characteristics of an organic agricultural land with an acid sulfate subsoil
The reaction mechanism and operating window for the decomposition of hydrated magnesium sulfate under reducing conditions
Assessment of aquatic pollution, remedial measures and juridical obligations of an acid sulphate soil area in western Finland
The Finnish forest industry and air production
Hydrochemistry of rivers in an acid sulphate soil hotspot area in western Finland
We estimated the changes in the losses of particulate and dissolved phosphorus (P) after treating 93 ha of agricultural  fields with gypsum (4 t ha -1) in a 245 ha catchment in southern Finland. Runoff was monitored using online  sensors and manual sampling during one high-flow period before and six periods after the gypsum amendment.  Turbidity recorded by the sensors correlated with particulate P analysed in the laboratory, which enabled  the evaluation of changes in particulate P from the online data. Using a covariance model, gypsum amendment  was estimated to have reduced the loss of particulate P by 64%. The loss of dissolved reactive P appeared to decrease  by one third, but was estimated with less precision. No such changes were found during the same period  in a nearby "reference" catchment, where gypsum was not used. Gypsum did not affect soil test values for P, K, Mg  or Ca, but it did increase the ionic strength and soil test SO₄. In clayey catchments discharging into the sea, gypsum  may provide an efficient means to reduce P losses from field cultivation. The duration of the gypsum effect and  impact of SO₄ associated with gypsum amendment on the ecology of rivers and lakes has yet to be determined.
Sustainable cropping of reed canary grass for energy use
Sulfate minerals : crystallography, geochemistry, and environmental significance
Pretreatment processes in gold recovery by thiosulphate leaching
Pollutant (such as metals and sulphate) contamination exists in the wastewaters of many industries, including mining operations, metal plating facilities, and tanneries. Adsorption is one of the most commonly used processes for the removal of pollutants from waters and wastewaters due to its high efficiency and simple operation. Activated carbon is the most frequently used adsorbent material, although its high cost inhibits its widespread use in wastewater treatment. Therefore, there is a need to develop other adsorbents from alternative inexpensive raw materials such as locally available industrial and mineral waste and by-products. The aim of this thesis was to study the possibility of using industrial waste materials such as carbon residue, metakaolin, blast-furnace slag and analcime as an inexpensive sorbent for iron, copper, nickel, arsenic, antimony and sulphate removal from aqueous solutions. To enhance their adsorption capacity, different chemical treatments (i.e. activation, modification, geopolymerisation) were performed. As a result, the level of removal of iron, copper and nickel by carbon residue and zinc chloride activated carbon residue was higher than that by the commercial activated carbon. Iron chloride modified carbon residue was the most effective sorbent material for sulphate removal when compared to the other studied chemically modified/activated carbon residues. Blast-furnace slag and metakaolin geopolymers as well as their raw materials, were examined for the simultaneous removal of nickel, arsenic and antimony from the spiked mine effluent. In the case of blast-furnace slag, geopolymerisation clearly increased the efficiency of nickel, arsenic and antimony removal to a beneficial level. The barium chloride modified blast-furnace-slag geopolymer was a very efficient sorbent material for sulphate removal and it could thus be a technically feasible sulphate sorbent for wastewater treatment (e.g. in the mining industry in applications in which very low sulphate levels are desired). Barium chloride modified acid washed analcime could also be a potential sorbent for sulphate removal.
Hybrid membrane processes in industrial water treatment : separation and recovery of inorganic compounds
Kinetics and reactor design for oxidation of ferrous sulfate with molecular oxygen in sulfuric acid milieu using an active carbon catalyst
Raman Spectroscopy - a study of Iron Sulfate Minerals : Raman Spectroscopic Study of Ferrous Sulfate Hydratesand Jarosites
Temporal and spatial variation in the status of acid rivers and potential prevention methods of AS soil-related leaching in peatland forestry
Kinetics and mechanism of sulphation of cobalt and nickel oxides
Sulfate source inventories from a Svalbard ice core record spanning the Industrial Revolution
Spatial modeling techniques for mapping and characterization of acid sulfate soils
Potential use of polymersomes and lipid nanocapsules as therapeutic carriers in the rat inner ear
Chemical pulp production : focus on the environmental friendly and economical modern process
Antenatal MgSO4 exposure and the preterm infant : clinical studies on hemodynamics, mineral status and one-year outcome
Utilisation of industrial by-products in water treatment:carbon-and silicate-based materials as adsorbents for metals and sulphate removal
Statistical extraction of volcanic sulphate from nonpolar ice cores
Utilisation of industrial by-products in water treatment : carbon-and silicate-based materials as adsorbents for metals and sulphate removal
The effect of mechanical treatment on kraft pulps produced from different softwood raw materials
Export of organic matter, sulphate and base cations from boreal headwater catchments downstream to the coast : impacts of land use and climate
Trends in sulphate deposition on the forests and forest floor and defoliation degree in 16 intensively studied forest stands in Finland during 1996-2003
Techno-economic analysis of the impact of the reduction of sulfpur content of residual marine fuels in Europe
Evaluation and optimisation of chemical treatment for non-point source pollution control:purification of peat extraction runoff water
Bioreactor applications utilizing mesophilic sulfate-reducing bacteria for treatment of mine wastewaters at 9-35°C
Utilisation of gasification carbon residues:activation, characterisation and use as an adsorbent
Previous, current and future leaching of sulphur and metals from acid sulphate soils in W. Finland
Guidelines for mitigating the adverse effects of acid sulphate soils in Finland until 2010.
Thermodynamic modelling of aqueous metal sulfate solutions
Effect of the Kola air pollution sources in Finnish Lapland surface waters during 1990-2006
Pancreaticojejunostomy after pancreatic head resections : connection with postoperative complications and quality of life
Guidlines for mitigating the adverse effects of acid soils in Finland until 2020.
Gypsum treatment in managing internal load from sediments of eutrophied lakes
The effect of mechanical treatment on softwood kraft pulp fibers : fiber surface layer
