http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13731 civil resistance
civil resistance
Civil resistance and power politics : the experience of non-violent action from Gandhi to the present
Constitutionalist insurgency in Finland : Finnish "passive resistance" against russification as a case of nonmilitary struggle in the European resistance tradition
Germany and the Second World War. vol. 9/1, German wartime society 1939-1945 : politicization, disintegration, and the struggle for survival
The identification and elimination of radical flanks from the main group during a nonviolent action
Unlawful combatants : a genealogy of the irregular fighter
Democratic revolution in Ukraine : from Kuchmagate to Orange Revolution
Peace, development and security in Central America : findings of the Undergraduate Course on "Peace, Security, and Development in Central America" held in the United Nations University for Peace, San José, Costa Rica, December 28, 1987 - January 13, 1988
Generation Palestine : voices from the boycott, divestment and sanctions movement
Shanghai gone : demolition and defiance in a Chinese megacity
New ghosts, old dreams : Chinese rebel voices
Why civil resistance works : the strategic logic of nonviolent conflict
"The core idea shared by all cosmopolitan views is that all human beings belong to a single community and the ultimate units of moral concern are individual human beings, not states or particular forms of human associations. Nevertheless, the attempts to ground a political theory on overarching universal principles contradicts the plurality of social, cultural, political, and religious interpretative standpoints in the contemporary world. Is dissent cosmopolitan? Is there a legacy of dissent for a theory of cosmopolitanism? This book is a comparative, historical analysis of dissident thought and practice for contemporary debates on cosmopolitanism. In three parts, the editors and contributors explore the contribution of 'paradigmatic' dissident by the likes of Gandhi, Martin Luther King, Havel, Sakharov, Mandela, Liu Xiaobo, and Aung San Suu Kyi toward a post-universalist cosmopolitan theory and examine the inherent cosmopolitanism of the seemingly 'peripheral' dissent of contemporary forms of protests, resistance, and direct action like the NO TAV movement and Occupy Wall Street. Through this timely book which allows for a much-needed new engagement in contemporary debates of cosmopolitanism, we learn how practical resistance to totalizing/hegemonic claims is generated and how dissident thinking might contribute to new, enriched ways of conceiving the non-totalizing foundations of cosmopolitanism. It presents an innovative look at the lessons scholars of cosmopolitanism can learn from dissent/dissident movements and what the role of dissent in cosmopolitan democracy can be"--
Argentina, 1943-1987 : the national revolution and resistance
Cosmopolitanism and the legacies of dissent
Nonviolence and Israel/Palestine
Making Europe unconquerable : the potential of civilian-based deterrence and defence
Training of nonviolence in non-formal youth education
Resistance and reform in Tibet
Christianity and resistance in the 20th century : from Kaj Munk and Dietrich Bonhoeffer to Desmond Tutu
China's human rights lawyers and contemporary Chinese law : advocacy and resistance
Dissent in Eastern Europe
Village of secrets : Defying the Nazis in Vichy France
Dissent in the years of Khrushchev : nine stories about disobedient Russians
"China's human rights lawyers are important: as legal advocates for victims of injustice ; as proponents of legal and political change in China ; as part of the global and international struggle for human rights ; and as persecuted individuals. Based on years of fieldwork research and hundreds of anonymised conversations with several dozen human rights or, for short, 'rights lawyers' (weiquan lüshi), this book provides a portrait of this extraordinary group of people. This book offers a unique and invaluable insight into contemporary Chinese law and politics, reflecting on the significance of the idea of rights in Chinese society and understanding how and why rights lawyers play the role they do. It answers questions such as: how do rights lawyers operate? What, if any, is rights lawyers' impact on legal practice? How do they interact with their bureaucratic, professional, and social environments? How and why do they resist repression? What is their significance for political developments in China in the longer term? Its chapters discuss how some Chinese lawyers become 'rights lawyers', and examines how bureaucratic systems of control operate to subdue and marginalise human rights lawyers as well as how such lawyers challenge the system. The lawyers' experiences of repression at the hands of the police and state security apparatus are analysed in detail along with the intellectual, political and moral resources they draw on. The book thus sets out what human rights lawyers in China are and what they stand for ; an account that captures their experience at the hands of the legal-political system and by doing so, reflects on what that system is like. The audience for this book includes students and scholars of law, Chinese studies, political studies, international relations, and sociology and it is also addressed to people working in the fields of human rights advocacy, law, politics, international relations, and journalism
