http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13726 physical environment
physical environment
Student world atlas
"From the Physical Security stand point; we are the gate keepers. We are the protectors of the organization from all threats; regardless if they are malicious, internal or environmental. We need to be ever vigilant and confident that the work we are doing will be regarded as a necessary operational function for the overall security and the protection of the asset; to include - employees, information and property. Protection of these three things is the cornerstone of our profession"--
The Economy of nature
Environment and crime among residents in urban areas : a study of districts in Stockholm
Dwelling, place and environment : towards a phenomenology of person and world
Measuring environment across the life span : emerging methods and concepts
Physical geography and global environmental change
Refinement and reduction outcomes of cage furniture and restricted feeding in laboratory rats
Real-world scene perception
Historical European towns : identity and change : conference in Oulu, Finland, 24th-27 August 2000
Fateful beauty : aesthetic environments, juvenile development, and literature 1860-1960
Space, place and territoriality are not only basic concepts to the discipline of geography. Geographical approach to the analysis of place is a task we need to foster in order to improve our understanding of the life-worlds of others. The development of each individual, our 'self' builds on our relations to the realms of nature, social relations and meaning as these are united in places. The author maintains that society needs a geographical place analyses based on an understanding of individual relational space and demonstrates the approach in a study of urban neighbourhoods. In order to find the bases for better planning models inhabitants were asked: What makes a place, your neighbourhood, a better place to live in? Four factors could be sorted out: the aesthetic, the functional, the social and the individual. These factors are clearly related to the understanding of place as uniting the realms of nature, social relations and meaning.
Children and their environments : learning, using and designing spaces
An introduction to physical geography and the environment
Space and place : the perspective of experience
All service situations are influenced by the environment in which the service is provided. The environment is as important of a factor as service and can be perceived positively or negatively. Providing a quality servicescape seems to be becoming a prerequisite for maintaining a competitive edge. Any service minded organization striving for success and profitability should understand the importance of a servicescape.     The Think Tank meeting room has been created in Sweden after a survey on the needs of meeting guests was conducted. Scandic created a concept “MEETING” in order to ensure the same level of standards in all Scandics.     The aim of this study is to establish if the Think Tank brand is suitable for the Finnish market, since no market research has been conducted in Finland before the launch of the product.     This survey has been conducted by using quantitative study as the research method. Statistical data was collected by dealing out questionnaires to the meeting guests that visited the Think Tank room at the Scandic Grand Marina in Helsinki. The measurement tool, SERVICESCAPE together with Feng Shui, was used to analyze the results and findings of the study.     The results of the findings were highly affected by the low respondent rate. Yet some interesting points were found. Some products had a more significant role than others in the meeting room and divided more the opinions of the respondents. According to the results recommendations could be made on minder adjustments to increase the level of satisfaction of the Think Tank room. The statistical data combined with the generally positive feedback of the servicescape indicated that the Think Tank meeting room and its products suit the meeting guests in Filand well.
Leisure-time physical activity in a Finnish twin study : genetic and environmental influences as determinants and motives as correlates
"The Complete Guide to Physical Security gives readers a comprehensive understanding of modern-day physical security best practices. Employing both theory-based and real-world approaches, it examines general business principles as they relate to security. The book goes beyond the concepts of the three G's (guns, gates and guards) and instead explains the importance of physical security to accomplish the overall mission of the organization. The book enables security managers to develop a program that utilizes all security personnel's talents, emphasizing that the security team must work synergistically with all facets of the organization for the ultimate in protection and success"--
The nature of the workplace for knowledge creation
In search of affordances and visual quality : interpreting environments of children aged under three in seven Finnish day-care centres
Using servicescape to measure the suitability of Think Tank meeting room in Finland
Physical and technical security : an introduction
In August 2003 the first authentic Wine Bar was opened in Helsinki. This wine bar, Gustus & Vera, is one of the establishments that was used for this particular survey regarding the environmental factors influencing customer perceptions. The researchers also included the customers of Bar Blanca wine bar in their survey to gain a more general insight into customer attitudes and perceptions in Helsinki.  Since then, numerous other establishments have caught on to the growing trend of wine enjoyment and have added the marketing concept of "wine bar" to their logo or name. Therefore, the wine bar, as a business concept, is a relatively new idea in Helsinki, and as such needs to be approached using the New Product Development (NPD) process by entrepreneurs hoping to capitalize on this new trend.  NPD is a process, whereby a new product or service goes through a seven step screening process starting with idea generation and ending with the finalized product ready for product launch. The third step, Concept Development and Testing, is argued as being one of significant importance, as it is during that stage that the customer's opinions are gathered and analyzed by the management of this new venture. While the traditional approaches to measuring customer's reactions to a new product or service are important in order to assess profitability or success, i.e. pricing, marketing and service quality, the researchers argue that the environmental factors of a wine bar affect customers` perception and eventual behavior in equally profound ways. Research on these environmental factors at the two above mentioned wine bars have so far been overlooked, and this gave the researchers an opportunity to fill that knowledge gap with this preliminary study. The environmental factors that were studied include ambient factors, spatial layout and functionality, and signs, symbols, and artifacts. The results for customer's reactions to the environmental factors at two wine bars in Helsinki (Gustus & Vera and Bar Blanca) will help current wine bar managers improve the interior of their establishment as well as aiding entrepreneurs hoping to catch the wave of the new "wine enjoyment megatrend" emerging on the Helsinki market.
Key environmental factors influencing customers'  perception of two wine bars in Helsinki
Designing wellbeing in elderly care homes
Physical security and environmental protection
Seductions of place : geographical perspectives on globalization and touristed landscapes
Functional capacity and physical environmental demand : exploration of factors influencing everyday activity and health in the elderly population
Africa south of the Sahara : a geographical interpretation
Urban alphabets : a smartphone application to change public space for the user
Fundamentals of the physical environment
The best school in the world : seven Finnish examples from the 21st century
Mobility decline in old age
Factors contributing to verbal self-disclosure
Imperial debris : on ruins and ruination
Aging in the designed environment
The Arctic : environment, people, policy
Factors behind Leisure-Time Physical Activity Behavior Based on Finnish Twin Studies: The Role of Genetic and Environmental Influences and the Role of Motives
The complete guide to physical security
Landscapes of modern sport
Pure geography
Children with functional motor limitations : a three-level approach
Extending the semiotics of embodied interaction to blended spaces
Using enviroments to enable occupational performance
Genetic effects on mobility, obesity and their association in older female twins
Cost action G8 training school : innovative tools for exhibition purposes : environmental and damage assessment
Handbook of loss prevention and crime prevention
Occupational therapy and dementia care : the home environmental skill-building program for individuals and families
Culture and environment
Pathophysiology for the health professions
Abstract: Ergonomic guidance in manual lifting and handling of loads for employees in retail.
Study guide for use with a child's world : infancy through adolescence
Tourist shopping villages : forms and functions
Methodologies in housing research
Measuring the sportscape of a Finnish hockey stadium
The housing enabler : a method for rating/screening and analysing accessibility problems in housing ; Manual for the complete instrument and screening tool
Dwelling, place, and environment : towards a phenomenology of person and world
In this paper, we develop a new way of understanding interactions in blended spaces. We do this by developing ideas about embodied semiotics and then apply these ideas to the analysis of interaction in mixed-reality blended spaces (where the physical world and digital world are blended deliberately to provide new forms of interaction). We discuss how blended spaces provide a new medium within which people have experiences. The semiotic analysis reveals how blended spaces are constructed across the physical and the digital, highlighting the ontology, topology, volatility, and agency present within them. It shows how people move between the physical and digital spaces through the objects and places that anchor them together. Our approach reveals more about the way bodily and higher cognitive functions are brought into play within a holistic interactive experience in which people move physically and conceptually through the layers of experience that make up the interaction.
Territoriality, place and space
Historical European towns : identity and change : book of abstracts : conference in Oulu, Finland, 24th-27th August 2000
The physical geography of South America
Students' physical activity, physical education enjoyment, and motivational determinants through a three-year school-initiated program
Falls in older people : prevention and management
Degenerative findings on MRI of the lumbar spine : prevalence, environmental determinants and association with low back symptoms
Abstract: The environment in the department of radiotherapy experienced by outpatient.
Physical computing : sensing and controlling the physical world with computers
Developments and innovations in interpreting for deafblind people : Report on a comparative study of, training of, and rights to interpreters for deafblind people
Obesity, physical activity and cardiorespiratory fitness in young adulthood : studies in Finnish twins
Disparities in physical activity in old age
Designs for living and learning : transforming early childhood environments
Individual and environmental factors underlying life space of older people - study protocol and design of a cohort study on life-space mobility in old age (LISPE)
Promotion of health through ergonomic working and living conditions : outcomes and methods of research and practice : proceedings of NES 2001
Ergonomic guidance in manual lifting and handling of loads for employees in retail
Islands, size, volcanoes : on the study of the physical settings of politics
Folk physics for apes : the chimpanzee's theory of how the world works
The nature of the environment
Ecogeography and rural management : a contribution to the International Geosphere-Biosphere Programme
Enabling environments : measuring the impact of environment on disability and rehabilation
Physical selection in ubiquitous computing
Environments that support learning : an introduction to the learning environments approach
Life between buildings : using public space
The effect of social environment and handling on the behavioural and physical development of young horses
Effective physical security
Building education : the role of the physical environment in enhancing teaching and research
Handbook of physiology : a critical, comprehensive presentation of physiological knowledge and concepts. Section 9, Reactions to environmental agents
Student atlas of world geography
A dictionary of the natural environment
"Designed for easy reference, the Fourth Edition contains important coverage of environmental design, security surveys, locks, lighting, and CCTV as well as new chapters covering the latest in the ISO standards for Risk Assessment & Risk Management, physical security planning, network systems infrastructure, and environmental design. This new edition continues to serve as a valuable reference for experienced security practitioners as well as students in undergraduate and graduate security programs"--
