http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13702 conspiracies
conspiracies
White Sand. Volume 1
The ark
Chew. [Vol. 10], Blood puddin'
Lilith was born into slavery on a Jamaican sugar plantation at the end of the eighteenth century. Even at her birth, the slave women around her recognize a dark power that they--and she--will come to both revere and fear. The Night Women, as they call themselves, have long been plotting a slave revolt, and as Lilith comes of age and reveals the extent of her power, they see her as the key to their plans. But when she begins to understand her own feelings and desires and identity, Lilith starts to push at the edges of what is imaginable for the life of a slave woman in Jamaica, and risks becoming the conspiracy's weak link.
Prince of tricks
Heat rises
Catalyst
Born of shadows
Nothing to lose
Assassins's creed. 1, Trial by fire
Star Trek : Countdown to darkness movie prequel
In a fractured Europe, new nations are springing up everywhere, some literally overnight.  For an intelligence officer like Jim, it's a nightmare. Every week or so a friendly power spawns a new and unknown national entity which may or may not be friendly to England's interests. It's hard to keep on top of it all. But things are about to get worse for Jim.  A stabbing on a London bus pitches him into a world where his intelligence service is preparing for war with another universe, and a man has come who may hold the key to unlocking Europe's most jealously-guarded secret.
Pantheon
Wallace at bay
Feedback
When her best friend, Libby, misuses instant transportation technology to alter her appearance, seventeeen-year-old Clair is drawn into a shadowy world of conspiracies and cover-ups as she attempts to save Libby from the hidden consequences of her actions
The Emperor's revenge : a novel of the Oregon files
Revelations
Born of betrayal
Lost Odyssey : Xbox 360
Bats of the republic : un illuminated novel
Mr. Robot. Season 1.
A security van sets off for Durham prison, a disgraced Special Branch officer in the back. It never arrives. On route it is hijacked by armed men, the prisoner sprung. Suspended from duty on suspicion of aiding and abetting the audacious escape of his former boss, Detective Sergeant Matthew Ryan is locked out of the investigation. With a manhunt underway, Ryan is warned to stay away. Keen to preserve his career and prove his innocence, he backs off. But when the official investigation falls apart, under surveillance and with his life in danger, he goes dark, enlisting others in his quest to discover the truth. When the trail leads to the suspicious death of a Norwegian national, Ryan uncovers an international conspiracy that has claimed the lives of many.
The chosen one
Waking hell
Cloudbound
Conspiracy of blood and smoke
Chasing shadows
Book of souls
The shepherd
FEEDBACK is a full-length Newsflesh novel which overlaps the events of the acclaimed and New York Times bestselling novel FEED. For the first time it reveals what happened from the perspective of reporters covering the Democrats' side of the story. There are two sides to every story...The year was 2014. We had cured cancer. We had beat the common cold. But in doing so we unleashed something horrifying and unstoppable. The infection spread leaving those afflicted with a single uncontrollable impulse: FEED. Now, twenty years after the Rising, a team of scrappy underdog reporters relentlessly pursue the truth while competing against the superstar Masons, surrounded by the infected, and facing more insidious forces working in the shadows.
The innocent
The invisible assassin
The house of dust
Government denies knowledge : representations of the United States government in the television series The X-Files
Love is the drug
The inner circle
"Admiral James G Stavridis, US Navy, former Supreme Allied Commander Europe. Closely modelled on his NATO experience of war gaming future conflicts, 2017 War With Russia is a chilling account of where we are heading if we fail to recognise the threat posed by the Russian president. Written by the recently retired Deputy Supreme Allied Commander Europe and endorsed by senior military figures, this book shows how war with Russia could erupt with the bloodiest and most appalling consequences if the necessary steps are not taken urgently... "--Publisher description.
The rift uprising
Conspirators' hierarchy : the story of the Committee of 300
The whispering city
The hawks of London
The lost key
The dogs of Riga
The House of Secrets
Crisis four
Europe at midnight
In the name of Ishmael : [a novel]
Conspiracy of shadows
Princess trap
Finch
The false princess
The Roswell conspiracy
Conspiracy theories
Chew. [Vol. 11], The last suppers
The Budapest protocol
Conspiranoia! : the mother of all conspiracy theories
Quantico. The complete first season
New Pompeii
The memory of evil
2017 war with Russia : an urgent warning from senior military command
The catch
History decoded : the 10 greatest conspiracies of all time
The unit. Season 4.
Devil's brood
Revelation
Crashing heaven
Altar of bones
The kiss of deception
"In a world where paranoia is a survival skill, the only hope for humankind is a group of unconventional occultist freedom fighters called the Invisibles. In this collection, the team launches an assault on an underground New Mexico lab to free the cure for the AIDS virus from the alleged inventors of the disease: the U.S. government" /Library of Congress.
Natchez burning
Trinity
While we run
The first book in the fast-paced action-adventure, The Rift Uprising trilogy-an enthralling mix of speculative fiction and military thriller-in which a young soldier comes to question the monsters she's trained to fight against ...and the monsters she fights for. Seventeen-year-old Ryn Whittaker is a Citadel: an elite, enhanced soldier specially chosen to guard a Rift, a mysterious and dangerous portal to alternate Earths scientists cannot control or close. Trained from the age of fourteen, Ryn can run faster, jump farther, and fight better than a Navy SEAL-which is good when you're not sure if a laser-wielding Neanderthal or an axe-wielding Viking is trying to make it through the Rift and into your world. But the teenager's military conditioning and education have not prepared her for the boy who crosses through-a confused young man, seemingly lost and alone.
The silent room
Juan Cabrillo and the crew of the Oregon face their toughest challenge yet when a violent bank heist during the Monaco Grand Prix decimates the Corporation's accounts. To get the money back, Juan joins forces with an old friend from his days in the CIA so they can track down a rogue hacker and a ruthless former Ukrainian naval officer. It is only after the hunt begins that the enormity of the plan comes into focus: the bank theft is just the first step in a plot that will result in the deaths of millions and bring the world's economies to a standstill. The catalyst for the scheme? A stunning document stolen during Napoleon's disastrous invasion of Russia. But two hundred years later, it may be the thing that brings Europe to its knees.
The Washington stratagem
The president's shadow
Hurricane fever
The bullet-catcher's daughter
Kay Hamilton has paid the price for going rogue. Fired by the DEA, she's now been quietly recruited by the Callahan Group, a quasi-governmental agency charged with accomplishing special missions for the president off the grid. Kay and her daughter relocate to Washington, D.C., but before Kay's completed her training, she's sent to a hostile province in Afghanistan. There a mission that should have been purely political turns unexpectedly and explosively violent. Barely getting out alive, Kay follows a trail of deception and murder from Washington to West Virginia to England. Finding herself at the centre of an international plot she begins to question those she loves, those she works for and her own faith in justice.
Adrian Ferrers, Earl of Rivenham, has been tasked by the king to uncover a traitor, but instead he finds a conspiracy. Lady Leonora knows that Rivenham is the devil in disguise and that the tension between them is as irresistible and unpredictable as their situation. When war breaks out she knows she has no choice but to put her trust in the man holding her hostage and hope that love does not become a weapon that will destroy both of them.
At your pleasure
The Kennedy conspiracy
The conspiracy of us
The secret agent
The cold between
Bright young things
When her crewmate Danny is murdered on the colony of Volhynia, Central Corps engineer Commander Elena Shaw is shocked to learn the main suspect is her lover, Treiko Zajec. She knows Trey is innocent—he was with her when Danny was killed. So who is the real killer and why are the cops framing an innocent man?  While retracing Danny’s last hours, they discover that his death may be tied to a mystery from the past: the destruction of a Central Corps starship at a wormhole near Volhynia. For twenty-five years, Central Gov has been lying about the tragedy, even willing to go to war with the outlaw tribe PSI to protect their secrets.  With the authorities closing in, Elena and Trey head to the wormhole, certain they’ll find answers on the other side. But the truth that awaits them is far more terrifying than they ever imagined—a conspiracy deep within Central Gov that threatens all of human civilization throughout the inhabited reaches of the galaxy . . . and beyond.
Tokyo seven roses. Volume II
Shadows of war
The firemaster's mistress
The heart of Betrayal
The vatican princess : a novel of Lucrezia Borgia
Map of fates
The spring of Kasper Meier
Everything is under control : conspiracies, cults, and cover-ups
Born of defiance
Published in 1937, twelve years before Orwell's 1984, Swastika Night projects a totally male-controlled fascist world that has eliminated women as we know them. Women are breeders, kept as cattle, while men in this post-Hitlerian world are embittered automatons, fearful of all feelings, having abolished all history, education, creativity, books, and art. The plot centers on a misfit who asks, “How could this have happened?”
Secret Germany : Stauffenberg and the mystical crusade against Hitler
American conspiracies : lies, lies and more dirty lies that the government tells us
Kill me twice
The secret agent : a simple tale
The names
White sand. Volume 1
City of sins
The red lily crown
Abdi Taalib thought he was moving to Australia for a music scholarship. But after meeting the beautiful and brazen Tegan Oglietti, his world was turned upside down. Tegan's no ordinary girl - she died in 2027, only to be frozen and brought back to life in Abdi's time, 100 years later.  Now, all they want is for things to return to normal (or as normal as they can be), but the government has other ideas. Especially since the two just spilled the secrets behind Australia's cryonics project to the world. On the run, Abdi and Tegan have no idea who they can trust, and when they uncover startling new details about Project Ark, they realise thousands of lives may be in their hands.
The Secret Agent
Rock Creek Park
Phantom self : (And how to find the real one)
Chew. [Vol. 12], Sour grapes
Primeval : an Event Group adventure
The forever watch
The pale house
When Hazel Nash was six years old, her father taught her: mysteries need to be solved. He should know. Hazel's father is Jack Nash, the host of America's favorite conspiracy TV show, The House of Secrets. After an accident leaves her with no memory, Hazel Nash must put together the pieces of her past and present to find the truth about her father and his connection to a corpse found with a book found in his chest.
A pulse-racing terrorist thriller with a sickening twist - perfect for fans of I Am Pilgrim, Bourne, 24 and Homeland Marc Dane is a MI6 field agent at home behind a computer screen, one step away from the action. But when a brutal attack on his team leaves Marc as the only survivor - and with the shocking knowledge that there are traitors inside MI6 - he's forced into the front line. However the evidence seems to point towards Marc as the perpetrator of the attack. Accused of betraying his country, he must race against time to clear his name. With nowhere to turn to for help and no one left to trust, Marc is forced to rely on the elusive Rubicon group and their operative Lucy Keyes. Ex US Army, Lucy also knows what it's like to be an outsider, and she's got the skills that Marc is sorely lacking. A terrorist attack is coming, one bigger and more deadly than has ever been seen before.
Killing Kennedy : the end of Camelot
When Kirit Densira left her home tower for the skies, she gave up many things: her beloved family, her known way of life, her dreams of flying as a trader for her tower, her dreams. Kirit set her City upside down, and fomented a massive rebellion at the Spire, to the good of the towers--but months later, everything has fallen to pieces. With the Towers in disarray, without a governing body or any defense against the dangers lurking in the clouds, daily life is full of terror and strife. Nat, Kirit's wing-brother, sets out to be a hero in his own way--sitting on the new Council to cast votes protecting Tower-born, and exploring lower tiers to find more materials to repair the struggling City.
The abduction
The Atlantis world
Fear itself
In the second installment of Vince Flynn's Mitch Rapp series, the United States' premier counter-terrorist expert, CIA agent Mitch Rapp, is pitted against a domestic enemy. After the death of the highly-popular CIA director, a power struggle ensues within the agency. Dr. Irene Kennedy, the new director, is poised for assassination, and Rapp must stop the plot before the CIA plunges into chaos / WorldCat.
Newton's fire
Holy spy
The queen's man
Wake up and dream
The book of night women
The atlantis world
A beautiful model's death uncovers an ugly conspiracy stretching all the way to Westminster in Rosie Gilmour's darkest case to date. When rags-to-riches Scots supermodel Bella Mason plunges to her death from the roof of a glitzy Madrid hotel, everyone assumes it was suicide. Except that one person saw exactly what happened to Bella that night, and she definitely didn't jump. But Millie Chambers has no one she can tell - alcoholic, depressed herself and now sectioned by her bullying politician husband, who would believe her? And that's not all Millie knows. Being close to the heart of Westminster power can lead to discovering some awful secrets... Back in Glasgow, Rosie's research into Bella's life leads to her brother, separated from her in care years before. Dan is now a homeless heroin addict and rent boy, but what he reveals about Bella's early life is electrifying: organised sexual abuse in care homes across Glasgow. Bella had tracked him down so that they could tell the world their story. And now she's dead. As Rosie's drive to expose the truth leads her closer to Millie and the shameful secrets she has kept for so many years, it becomes clear that what she's about to discover could prove fatal: a web of sexual abuse linking powerful figures across the nation, and the rot at the very heart of the British Establishment...
The blood of heaven
The chemist : a novel
The emperor's revenge
Martyr
The kills : [books 1-4]
Remember who you are : remember 'where' you are and where you 'come' from : remember
Death of kings
The invisibles. Book four
Jack Reacher : never go back
The third option
The testament
The patriot threat
UN covert negotiator Yael Azoulay went rogue in Geneva and nearly lost her life. Her physical wounds are healed, but she will never be able to forget what happened. Now back in New York, Yael uncovers a chilling conspiracy whose end game is a devastating new war in the Middle East. But as Yael draws closer to the truth, she is forced to confront the ghosts of her past. As the few certainties of her life begin to crumble around her, a terrifying truth is laid bare: Yael has enormously powerful enemies who neither forgive, nor forget.
The Napoleon complex
Energy giant NovusCorp has developed the tech to transport people from the past to the present day, and they have just moved the lost population of Pompeii to a replica city. Historian Nick Houghton is brought in to study the Romans, but he soon realises that NovusCorp are underestimating their captives. The Romans may be ignorant of modern technology, but they once ruled an empire. The stage is set for the ultimate clash of cultures.
The providence of fire
The Cairo affair
The world's greatest conspiracies : history's biggest mysteries, cover-ups and cabals
Isänmaan puolesta. The complete sixth season
Assassin's creed. [Volume 1], Trial by fire
Shadow woman : a novel
The traitor
Black order : a sigma force novel
The Count of Monte Cristo
Thirteen hours
Whiskey tango foxtrot
In the future the afterlife will be digitised. Return to the world of Station in the sequel to the acclaimed Crashing Heaven. On Station the dead live on, haunting the living as Fetches; digital ghosts drawn from the downloaded memories of the deceased. And hell is a series of hard drives where those who cannot haunt are stored. But now one woman must journey into the hard drives to solve a murder. Even as the gods of Station face the dawn of a new age. Mixing classic cyberpunk tropes with a fresh take on how we will live in a virtually enhanced reality, worshipping corporations who have become gods, Al Roberston has established himself as a thoughtful and skilled writer of vastly intelligent, gripping SF thrillers.
For those who know … that something is going on … The witnesses are legion, scattered across the world and dotted through history, people who looked up and saw something impossible lighting up the night sky. What those objects were, where they came from, and who—or what—might be inside them is the subject of fierce debate and equally fierce mockery, so that most who glimpsed them came to wish they hadn’t. Most, but not everyone. Among those who know what they’ve seen, and—like the toll of a bell that can’t be unrung—are forever changed by it, are a pilot, an heiress, a journalist, and a prisoner of war.  From the waning days of the 20th century’s final great war to the fraught fields of Afghanistan to the otherworldly secrets hidden amid Nevada’s dusty neverlands—the truth that is out there will propel each of them into a labyrinth of otherworldly technology and the competing aims of those who might seek to prevent—or harness—these beings of unfathomable power.  Because, as it turns out, we are not the only ones who can invent and build…and destroy. Featuring actual events and other truths drawn from sources within the military and intelligence community, Tom DeLonge and A.J. Hartley offer a tale at once terrifying, fantastical, and perhaps all too real. Though it is, of course, a work of…  fiction?
The escape
History decoded : solving the ten greatest conspiracies of all time
The arch conspirator
