http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13748 cholera
cholera
Get well soon : history's worst plagues and the heroes who fought them
Cholera : the biography
The devil's ribbon
The sick rose, or, Disease and the art of medical illustration
The medical detective : John Snow and the mystery of cholera / c Sandra Hempel
Plagues and peoples
The unlimited gaze : essays in honour of professor Natalia Baschmakoff
Africa in the time of cholera : a history of pandemics from 1815 to the present
Colonizing the body : state medicine and epidemic disease in nineteenth-century India
"A humorous book about history's worst plagues from the Antonine Plague, to leprosy, to polio and the heroes who fought them In 1518, in a small town in France, Frau Troffea began dancing and didn't stop. She danced herself to her death six days later, and soon thirty-four more villagers joined her. Then more. In a month more than 400 people had died from the mysterious dancing plague. In late-nineteenth-century England an eccentric gentleman founded the No Nose Club in his gracious townhome a social club for those who had lost their noses, and other body parts, to the plague of syphilis for which there was then no cure. And in turn-of-the-century New York, an Irish cook caused two lethal outbreaks of typhoid fever, a case that transformed her into the notorious Typhoid Mary and led to historic medical breakthroughs.  Throughout time, humans have been terrified and fascinated by the plagues they've suffered from. Get Well Soon delivers the gruesome, morbid details of some of the worst plagues in human history, as well as stories of the heroic figures who fought to ease their suffering. With her signature mix of in-depth research and upbeat storytelling, and not a little dark humor, Jennifer Wright explores history's most gripping and deadly outbreaks."--
Essentials of tropical infectious diseases
"The most feared attribute of the human pathogen Vibrio cholerae is its ability to cause outbreaks that spread like wildfire, completely overwhelming public health systems and causing widespread suffering and death. This volume starts with a description of the contrasting patterns of outbreaks caused by the classical and El Tor biotypes of V. cholerae. Subsequent chapters examine cholera outbreaks in detail, including possible sources of infection and molecular epidemiology on three different continents, the emergence of new clones through the bactericidal selection process of lytic cholera phages, the circulation and transmission of clones of the pathogen during outbreaks, and novel approaches to modeling cholera outbreaks. A further contribution deals with the application of the genomic sciences to trace the spread of cholera epidemics and how this information can be used to control cholera outbreaks. The book closes with an analysis of the potential use of killed oral cholera vaccines to stop the spread of cholera outbreaks." -- (Back Cover)
Stories in the time of cholera : racial profiling during a medical nightmare
This book combines evidence from natural and social sciences to examine the impact on Africa of seven cholera pandemics since 1817.
Epidemics and empire : cholera in Russia, 1892
John Snow
The ghost map : the story of London's most terrifying epidemic : and how it changed science, cities, and the modern world
MCMC analysis of dynamical models in epidemics : cholera as a case study
The great trouble : a mystery of London, the blue death, and a boy called Eel
When disease makes history : epidemics and great historical turning points
Disease, health care and government in late Imperial Russia : life and death on the Volga, 1823-1914
Risk assessment of choleragenic Vibrio cholerae 01 and 0139 in warm-water shrimp in international trade : interpretative summary and technical report
Love in the time of cholera
Murderous contagion : a human history of disease
The medical detective : John Snow and the mystery of cholera
The painted veil
Deadly companions : how microbes shaped our history
How we know : an exploration of the scientific process
The Irish healer
