http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13750 endocrine diseases
endocrine diseases
Living well with Graves' disease and hyperthyroidism : what your doctor doesn't tell you... that you need to know
Jubb, Kennedy, and Palmer's pathology of domestic animals. Volume 3
Pathology of domestic animals. Vol. 3
Identification of the autoimmune regulator gene, its mutation pattern in APECED patients and localisation of the gene expression
Medical-surgical nursing : concepts and activities
Yen and Jaffe's reproductive endocrinology : physiology, pathophysiology, and clinical management
Greenspan's basic & clinical endocrinology
Why do I still have thyroid symptoms? when my lab tests are normal : a revolutionary breakthrough in understanding Hashimoto's disease and hypothyroidism
Nursing care plans : nursing diagnosis and intervention
Idiopathic hyperealeiuria : its relation to ramalcalculi and hyperparathyroidism
Women's health and disease : gynecologic, endocrine, and reproductive issues
Pediatric endocrinology. Vol. 1
The endocrine system in sports and exercise
Epidermal growth factor in human urine
Handbook of clinical pediatric endocrinology
Nutritional muscular dystrophy in cattle : with special reference to the functional state of the thyroid
Congenital hypothyroidism in Finland : experience with the Finnish neonatal screening project
Practical strategies in pediatric diagnosis and therapy
Manual of medical-surgical nursing care : nursing interventions and collaborative management
Essentials of strength training and conditioning
Metabolic and endocrine problems of the horse
Diagnostics of endocrine function in children and adolescents
Hacker and Moore's essentials of obstetrics and gynecology
Burger's medicinal chemistry, drug discovery and development. Vol. 4, Cardiovascular, endocrine and metabolic diseases
The CIBA collection of medical illustrations. Vol. 4, A compilation of paintings on the anatomy and pathophysiology of the endocrine system and selected metabolic diseases
Yearbook of pediatric endocrinology 2014
Summary.
The Ciba collection of medical illustrations : [vol.4]. Volume 4, a compilation of paintings on the normal and pathologic anatomy and pathofysiology of the endocrine system and selected metabolic diseases
Autoimmune polyendocrinopathy - candidiasis - ectodermal dystrophy (APECED) : from locus to defective protein
Endocrine-disrupting chemicals in food
Reproductive endocrine effects of antiepileptic drugs - with special reference to valproate
Watson's medical-surgical nursing and related physiology
Canine and feline endocrinology and reproduction
Adolescent gynecology and endocrinology : basic and clinical aspects
Endocrine diseases of the dog
Yearbook of pediatric endocrinology 2013
Nursing medical emergency patients
On the morphology of blood and bone-marrow in thyrotoxicosis : inaugural dissertation
Immunological studies on Addison's disease
The Ciba collection of medical illustrations. Vol. 4, A compilation of paintings on the anatomy and pathophysiology of the endocrine system and selected metabolic diseases
Anatomy, physiology and pathology : for complementary therapists: level 2 and 3
Clinical endocrinology of companion animals
