http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13777 countryside
countryside
Cultivating rural amenities : an economic development perspective
The future and changing economies of rural areas : project report D18 of RURBAN, minutes meeting study areas
The Lord God made them all
Trencherman
Role of community forestry in rural livelihood and poverty alleviation in Ohangwena and Caprivi Regions in Namibia
Coal Creek
Rural development and rural tourism
Solar Energy : A Sustainable Solution to Rural Electricity Problems in Nigeria
Land commune and peasant community in Russia : communal forms in imperial and early Soviet society
French country
Legitimating aid : donors and policy making in the rural water supply and sanitation sector in Nepal
The economic effects of 'out-of-county'-cottagers on the cottage municipalities in Finland : a case study on the local consumption in Kustavi municipality
UFO in her eyes
Rural transport of food products in Latin America and the Caribbean
His tranquility as the established vicar of a New Age village shattered by the murder of an unpopular woman, former MI5 agent Max Tudor struggles with past demons while trying to identify a killer in his peaceful community.
Structural development and regional concentration of agriculture in Finland in 1975-2008
Comparative perspectives on rural development and policy challenges in Sogn og Fjordane
Raven's gate : the graphic novel
Regional destination marketing and websites as marketing tool : Study case: Nature Park Lahn-Dill Bergland, Germany
Far from the Madding Crowd
A slant of light : a novel
During the 1990s most municipalities and rural areas in northern Sweden have experienced renewed depopulation. At the same time, many regional centres (mainly university cities), but also some rural areas, have shown significant population growth. This article focuses on the latter rural areas and describes their geographical location and the socio-demographic characteristics of their populations. Three types of rural areas with population growth have been identified. Firstly, there are the rural areas within daily commuting distance from regional centres. Secondly, there is a group of rural areas that has benefited from the tourist industry. Most of these tourist resorts are mountain villages close to the border with Norway. Finally, there are also a few rural areas characterised by attractive residential environments and leisure housing.
Successful rural development in third world countries
The Woodlanders
The marriage charm
Towards sustainable water management in rural Nepal : a case study of the Finnish supported water supply schemes in Nawalparasi District
Field of prey
Tomorrow's countryside : the road to the seventies
The perfect match
Consumption in rural Bangladesh : households, lifestyles, and identities
The dead in their vaulted arches : a Flavia de Luce novel
Bad dirt : Wyoming stories 2
Rural change: structured coherence or unstructured incoherence?
The elderly in rural areas in the Netherlands : possibilities and limitations
Assessing the recreational demand for agricultural land in Finland
Guidelines for entrepreneurship training in rural areas
The return of the native
Women in the soviet countryside : women's roles in rural development in the Soviet Union
Women in South African politics : rural Shangaan women in focus
"Ja mikäs pakana toi innovaatio o" : the role of English in the Finnish countryside, as seen by three generations
Rural heritage and tourism in the EEC
The impact of rural resettlement on livelihoods : a case of Isara resettlement site in Dawuro, Ethiopia
Research on rural credit union financial risk management and precaution. Case study: Mianzhu rural credit union
The good people
Eastern European countryside
China and other emerging actors in Africa
Portugal has some geographical similarities with Finland: both are small and rather peripherical countries. However, the infection with the Human Immunodefi ciency Virus (HIV) has different patterns in Portugal from those in Finland. At the beginning of the 21st century, Portugal is in the fi rst place of the infection with the HIV, with an incidence rate of 105.8 cases per one million inhabitants. The main objective of this paper is to present and explain the geographical diffusion of HIV in Portugal at sub-region level with altogether 28 geographical areas. We were able to identify some geographic hot spot areas with SMR signifi cantly higher than 100. Some areas with AIDS mortality rates signifi cantly above the national standardized rates were identifi ed in the metropolitan area of Lisbon. It was found that the urban/rural dichotomy is the most important factor, explaining 47% and 32% of the variance for male and female AIDS mortality, respectively. This factor identifi es a clear opposition between the variables, with a geographical signifi cance.
Russian views of the transition in the rural sector : structures, policy outcomes, and adaptive responses
Aging in rural settings : life circumstances and distinctive features
And the mountains echoed
Access to water? : dynamic capacity change for sustainable rural water and sanitation services for all
Finnish Agriculture and Rural Industries
Niche markets as a rural development strategy
Complexities of project interactions in Nicaraguan rural development
Communities as factors of social geography : the Finnish rural settlements in the vicinity of Thunder Bay, Ontario
The country nurse
The runaway actress
The history of the countryside
Health in transition: reforming China's rural health services
The geography of fear : a latitudinal gradient in anti-predator escape distances of birds across Europe
Development of sustainable entreneurship and support of local handicrafts in the rural Azerbaijan : project mid-term evaluation report
The countryside in the age of capitalist transformation : essays in the social history of rural America
Green care : a conceptual framework / editors: Joe Sempik, Rachel Hine, Deborah Wilcox
The most ambitious effort of any African country to initiate the establishrfient of a socialist society is Tanzania's attempt to create ujamaa villages.This is a bibliography of books, articles and papers on the subject published up to 1980. Most of the materials are in English, several are in Swahili, some in French, a few in German and still fewer in other languages. The works are organized by their dominant theme into sections within four basic subject categories: the evolution, formation, character and evaluation of ujamaa villages or efforts to build ujamaa villages. An author and a subject index are included to facilitate further the location of relevant studies.
The consequences of Less Favoured Area support : a multi-regional CGE analysis for Poland
La RDT dans les zones rurales et les régions insulaires de l'Union Européenne : rapport final = Research and technological development in the rural regions and the islands of the European Union : final report
COMCOT - an innovative tool for improving the competitiveness of community-based tourism : the evaluation of the community-based tourism development process
The howling miller
Changing rural society : a study of communities in Bolivia
Rural development and bureaucracy in Tanzania : the case of Mwanza Region
Rural poverty report 2011 : new realities, new challenges : new opportunities for tomorrow's generation
What skills create rural village futures?
Good practices in northern watercourses : community development, river restoration and environmental education
Business Opportunities of Solar Photovoltaic Home Systems in Vietnam : case study: FOSERA Co. Ltd.
Far from the madding crowd
No condition is permanent : the social dynamics of agrarian change in Sub-Saharan Africa
Staying on
A year at the star and sixpence
"The Rural Poverty Report 2011 provides a coherent and comprehensive look at rural poverty, its global consequences and the prospects for eradicating it. Released on 6 December 2010, the report contains updated estimates by IFAD regarding how many rural poor people there are in the developing world, poverty rates in rural areas, and the percentage of poor people residing in rural areas. Since the last Rural Poverty Report was published by IFAD in 2001, more than 350 million rural people have lifted themselves out of extreme poverty. But the new report notes that global poverty remains a massive and predominantly rural phenomenon -- with 70 per cent of the developing world's 1.4 billion extremely poor people living in rural areas. Key areas of concern are Sub-Saharan Africa and South Asia. Increasingly volatile food prices, the uncertainties and effects of climate change, and a range of natural resource constraints will complicate further efforts to reduce rural poverty, the report says. But the report also emphasizes that profound changes in agricultural markets are giving rise to new and promising opportunities for the developing world's smallholder farmers to significantly boost their productivity, which will be necessary to ensure enough food for an increasingly urbanized global population estimated to reach at least 9 billion by 2050.
How were the pupils dressed in a country village in northern Finland in 1909–1939?
Creating rural indicators for shaping territorial policy
Rural settlement and land use : an essay in location
Participatory mapping and geographical patterns of the social landscape values of rural communities in Zanzibar, Tanzania
Analysis of the relation between rural poverty, malnutrition and hunger, and the interlinks with agricultural production growth and productivity growth with special reference to Mozambique and Bangladesh
Sustainability of water services implemented using community-managed project approach in Amhara Region of Ethiopia
Sustainable tourism development in Croatian rural areas : tourist experiences, economic and social benefits
The role of selected non-timber forest products for rural areas in Laos : case studies in Ban Napo and Ban Kouay communities
District focus for rural development
Nelly Dean
Who is serving whom? : an agency-for perspective on enterprise promotion in rural Finland
Maaseudun uusi aika : english supplement 1999 : New Rural Policy : Finnish Journal of rural Research and Policy. 2/99
A piece of the world : A Novel
This article analyses structural and regional development and concentration of agriculture in terms of jobs and value of production, here value added, in Finland during 1975-2008 based on statistical and georeferenced data. The empirical results showed us that, while the relative socioeconomic importance of agriculture has decreased all over Finland, the role of agriculture varies a great deal between regions. Agricultural development trends both in terms of number of jobs and value of production, have been different from total economic development since the mid-1980s. As with economic functions in general, a regional concentration trend has taken place in agriculture. However, this trend has been stronger in all industries together and compared to other industries, agriculture as a whole is still regionally evenly dispersed. The reasons behind this can be found in historical, societal and political factors, and tight connections between agriculture and surrounding land and natural circumstances.
Wicked autumn : a Max Tudor novel
The handbook of research on entrepreneurship in agriculture and rural development
Rural cooperatives as agents of change : a research report and a debate
Summary.
Enchanted
Administrative reform and capacity building : the case of primary education in Bangladesh
This paper presents a brief study of the rural cultural landscape in southern Finland. Most rural landscapes in southern Finland are produced by traditional agriculture and affected by modern farming. The cultural landscape of the countryside is therefore a human cultural achievement: working the land creates the agrarian landscape. Natural processes must be yielded and acknowledged, however. The various periodic layers of the rural landscape derive from its inhabitants and their historical periods. In this way, the landscape is comprised of natural and cultural phenomena, which can be both old and new. This paper is based on a study of the rural cultural landscapes of Perniö and Karjaa in southern Finland. The examination suggests a long-term landscape development from prehistoric to historical periods.
Co-operatives and rural development
Town and country : the archaeology of Verulamium and the Roman Chilterns
Effects of developing country policies on agricultural services, extension, rural infrastructure and energy, health care, water and sanitation
From the village to the city : adjustment process of internal migrants in Albania
Culture and social change in the restructuring of Tanzanian rural areas : final report
Rural poverty : special causes and policy reforms
Sustainable tourism in rural Europe : approaches to development
The contribution of amenities to rural development
Local partnerships for rural development : the European experience
Implementation of interventions in the CHIMACA project
Weathering
The year of the hare
Wuthering Heights
The marriage pact
Better policies for rural development
Village life in northern India : studies in a Delhi village
Farewell, Georgia : four folktales
Political structures and strategies : a study of electoral politics in contemporary rural Thailand
The sweetness at the bottom of the pie
Aspects on the Development of Finnish Rural Commercial and Communal Centers; Case Study : A General Development Plan of the New Vääksy Commercial Center in Asikkala, Finland
Fine just the way it is : Wyoming stories 3
Rural-urban policy effects on the regional economies of South Ostrobothnia and North Karelia
Farm children : an investigation of rural child life in selected areas of Iowa
Developing market segmentation in tourism : insights from a Finnish rural tourism study
Agricultural sociology : a study of sociological aspects of American farm life
A periphery lost: the representation of Karelia in Finnish national landscape imagery
Promoting eco-dry toilet use in rural area of Kunming municipality
Documentation of the anticipation practice/method
Countryside between bohemia and bourgeoisie = Zagorod ot bogemy do burzuazii
Sustainable bio-economy : potential, challenges and opportunities in Finland
Rural social organisations - revitalisation of rural Lithuania?
Serpents in Eden : countryside crimes
Basic concepts of rural sociology
Rural tourism and sustainable business
Flight behavior : a novel
Some aspects concerning the importance of forestry to Finnish ruralareas
Agriculture and rural areas today : a question of boundaries
On accession to the EU, Poland, one of the most agricultural countries in Europe, became eligible for the Common Agricultural Policy (CAP), which it perceived as a chance to develop its rural economy. However, in constructing its Rural Development Programme 2007−2013, Poland directed the largest funding share to Less Favoured Areas (LFA) − a controversial measure, which has been accused of poor targeting and ineffectiveness. We analyse the economic consequences of LFA support for all 16 Polish regions according to Nomenclature of Territorial Units for Statistics (NUTS2), using a multi-regional computable general equilibrium model with LFA detail.
Culture and social change in the restructuring of Tanzanian rural areas : final report : selected parts
The devil's edge
Collaboration between non-governmental organizations and educational leaders in capacity development in rural South Africa
The resilience of rural Ethiopian livelihoods : a case study from Hararghe zone, Eastern Ethiopia
Constructing and negotiating entrepreneurial agency : a social psychological approach to entrepreneurship discourse in the farm context
Rural financial services and effects of microfinance on agricultural productivity and on poverty
The hinterland of a city : rural settlement and land use in the Petra region from the Nabataean-Roman to the Early Islamic period
Sustainable Tourism Development in Nepal, Case: Suomen Latu ry
Country Style
The conditions in and problems of rural depopulation areas
Information technology and everyday life in ageing rural villages
Public Organizations and Local Rural Development : an Empirical Analysis
Initiating a Community-Based Solid Waste Management System in a Rural Community in Ghana: A Practical Framework : Case: Akrofu-Xeviwofe
Value from village processing
Critical perspectives in rural development studies
Coping with rural transition in northern Thailand : an analysis of rural economic diversification and social movements' response
Learning to read with Graphogame, an ethnography in a Peruvian rural school
Contemporary population changes in north Swedish rural areas
A review of policy tools for securing countryside stewardship performed by forestry and agriculture
Dark earth
Ruby's spoon
Finnish agriculture and rural industries 2015
People attach commonly approved social values subjectively to landscape. These values vary spatially and can be studied in geographical context. In sustainable management of cultural landscapes, social values should be taken into account as professionally as the analysis of physical landscape features. This case study applies participatory and GIS techniques in the mapping and geographical analysis of social landscape values in a multifunctional cultural landscape in Zanzibar island, Tanzania. Social landscape data were collected with single-informant interviews using participatory GIS (PGIS) techniques. Four different social landscape values (subsistence, traditional, aesthetic and leisure) were mapped on an orthophotoimage individually by 149 informants. Data were spatially and statistically analysed to construct understanding of the community level patterns of the social landscape values. Results show geographical differences between individually and collectively held values in their distribution and clustering across the landscape. These patterns reflect local culture and its interpretation of different social landscape values. Results address the importance of local stakeholder participation when spatial planning and management of multifunctional cultural landscapes are realized. The paper discusses these management implication and methodological challenges of using participatory GIS techniques in studying cultural landscapes.
International perspectives in rural sociology
Reasons for marriage
The annotated Wind in the willows
Rural planning in practice: the case of agricultural dwellings
Tomato red : a novel
Co-evolution of agriculture and rural development in different regional institutional contexts : case studies from Finland and Italy
Finland's national telework development programme
The border town;  a novel
Watership Down
Speaking from among the bones : a Flavia de Luce novel
Migration, small municipalities and the transition in the forms of social capital
Back to the roots : a new social policy agenda for the welfare of the elderly in rural Tanzania :  the case of Bukoba district
Scenes from village life
Ruralchange : links between population structure and policies for balanced and sustainable rural communities
Rural employment : an international perspective
The essex serpent
Human touch, natural processes: The development of the rural cultural landscape in southern Finland from past to present
The transformation of rural society in the Third World
Projects with people : the practice of participation in rural development
Socioeconomic differences in a rural district in Vietnam : effects on health and use of health services
The geography of HIV/AIDS in Portugal
Territorial indicators of employment : focusing on rural development
State and countryside : development policy and agrarian politics in Latin America
Social workers’ interpretations of generalist social work in rural areas
Proceedings SUSDEV-CHINA Symposium : sustainable agroecosystem management and development of rural-urban interaction in regions and cities of China
Working with rural communities
Rural tourism in Lithuania : catalogue
Golden age : a novel
The article reflects how Karelia has been represented as a national periphery in Finnish national landscape imagery, understood as a dynamic system of social representations defining Finland as national space. Karelia may be likened to other national peripheries, analysed among others by Robert Shields as liminal zones allegedly at the margins of society. The particular aspects of Karelian landscape occurring in popular landscape imagery are discussed. It is pointed out how these anchor Karelia to a variety of contexts, of which Karelianist imagery originating from art constitutes only one. Similarly the ideological roles of Karelian landscape have varied, starting from the didactic narratives of Zachris Topelius and ending up in the post-war and post-Soviet Karelian revivals. However, the present-day Karelian landscape is a nostalgic construction, transferring the liminal zone outside history.
General theoretical framework of the SARD-Climate project
Rural marginalisation and multifunctional land use in Finland
Rural poverty report 2001 : the challenge of ending rural poverty
