http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13798 purchase of real property
purchase of real property
Renovating for profit : add value to your property with this definitive guide
The objective of the study was to gather information of China's real estate market and local consumer's buying behaviour linked with residential properties in Nanjing. The purpose is to help foreign investors to develop a better understanding of Chinese consumer and its real estate market. The findings will answer the research questions: what is the investment climate of China's real estate market like? And what are the characteristics of consumer's behaviour on purchasing residential properties in Nanjing, China? The theoretical framework is based on the combination of three theories which are PESTE, Five Forces Industry Analysis and Consumer's Buying Behaviour. PESTE analysis gives a general picture of investment climate related to real estate in China. Five forces industry analysis presents close and detailed information of the China's real estate industry. And Consumer's buying behaviour model focuses on the buying decision-making process of consumers, especially the criteria and factors that influence it. The research methodology used was mainly quantitative, primary data was collected by qualitative interviews and a questionnaire. 80 questionnaires were collected and analysed. Secondary data was mainly collected from books, internet web pages and research reports.     The findings show that China's investment climate is positive and China's real estate market has a great potential for development. Price, type, structure, design, location of housing are the main influences on potential buyer's decision making process. Foreign investors need to have suitable marketing strategy based on good knowledge of the current industry situation and major factors which can give great influences on consumer's buying behaviour, in order to cater to targeted buyer's needs and desires for residential properties.  The study suggests foreign investors to 'touch the stone while crossing rive'. It is important for foreign investors to know the trend of the market and understand Chinese consumers' needs and desires for their future residential properties. Investors need to bear in mind to build up and keep a good relationship with suppliers and Chinese authorities within the real estate industry. In addition, in order to enhance investors' competitiveness in terms of penetrating China's real estate market, to establish a good reputation and to have a continuously close monitoring action on the major player's performance are key issues.
Urban land markets in Asia : the role of private developers and guidelines on public acquisition of land
The civil law notary - neutral lawyer for the situation : a comparative study on preventative justice in modern societies
Benefits of investing in water and sanitation : an OECD perspective
Customers ́ Buying Behavior Towards The Real Estates of China Vanke Co.,Ltd.
Changes in debt financing and profile of operators in the Finnish commercial property market in 2005
Real estate & the new economy : the impact of information and communications technology
Advanced concepts of common sense investing in real estate : learn the smartest, safest and most profitable ways of making money in residential real estate
The national basic registers of society : general description
Danish business law
Hospitality law : managing legal issues in the hospitality industry
Services 2020 : competences in the international service society : final report
Buyer behaviour in residential real estates : a focus on the decision process
Urban economics and real estate : theory and policy
Facilities management : managing maintenance for buildings and facilities
Purchasing Property in Thailand
Genius loci : School of Economics : its architecture, design and art
Textbook on land law
Balanced Scorecard (BSC) ; a framework for companies in the real estate business
Jaakko Saviranta - talousmaantieteen monitaituri = Jaakko Saviranta - an economic geographer with many interests
Successful real estate and site development : a systematic deduction of key success factors for a favourable commercialzation of hardly marketable projects
EC legal systems : An introductory guide
The Economics of commercial property markets
The marketing procedures of a shopping centre in Finland for foreign institutional investors : foreign direct real estate investment
The housing bubble and consumer buying behavior - A research in Vietnamese residential market
The entrepreneurial circumstances for small medium enterprises within Estonia : a legal perspective
Monopoly : Game of Thrones
Understanding property law
Real estate investment : strategy, analysis, decisions
The Corsican caper
Land law
Cheshire and Burn's modern law of real property
Urban property market and land law in Finland
Valuation od real estate via due diligence : a guidline for investment decisions
Markets and institutions in real estate and construction
Business law. 1
China's real estate industry and its consumers' buying behavour
Real estate investing for dummies
Transactions in real property in Germany
The complete guide to property development for the small investor
Property law and the public interest : cases and materials
Estimating duration for real estate assets in Finland
Other people's money : inside the housing crisis and the demise of the greatest real estate deal ever made
Shopping environments : evolution, planning and design
Risks of commercial real estate development in St. Petersburg, Russia : case: YIT Lentek
The landgrabbers : the new fight over who owns the planet
An introduction to Danish law
A foreign investor in the Baltics 2002
International property investments - articles on market selection and effects on local markets
The real estate investor's handbook : the complete guide for the individual investor
Studies on housing price dynamics
Real estate transactions : cases and materials on land transfer, development, and finance
Doing business safely in China
Adding value to your home
Real estate : principles and practices
Industry transformation initiated by a technological innovation : case of UK grocery retailing
Topics in spatial econometrics : with applications to house prices
Business laws in the Nordic countries : legal and tax aspects
Suomen kartasto = Atlas över Finland = Atlas of Finland. 2, Väestö. Talous. Liikenne
Investment guide for EU expansion : support funding, tax and labour law, and acquistion of real estate
Elements of land law
This book compares institutions of preventative justice in Germany, France, England, Sweden, Estonia and the U.S. (Maine, New York). The centre of focus is on the continental European notariat and corresponding institutions in legal cultures without notariats. The comparative description of preventative justice consists mainly of an analysis of residential real estate transactions and the function of land registers as meaningful elements of preventative justice. The result of the comparative work indicates the significant value of a well-organized notariat regarding costs and quality. Attempts of the European Commission to weaken the system of preventative justice of continental legal cultures should be analyzed carefully and with some scepticism.
International property investments : articles on market selection and effects on local markets
The influences of buyer and seller characteristics on forest land value
Purchasing real estete property in Sofia
Searches and enquiries : a conveyancer's guide
Guidebook for Finnish buyers purchasing holiday real estate in Thailand
Housing portfolio diversification potentials in the Helsinki Metropolitan Area in the short and long horizon
The appraisal of real estate
The degree of transparency in the Finnish real estate market compared to Sweden and UK
Standard conditions of sale : a conveyancer's guide
Strategy development for the expansion of warehousing business into Lithuania : case: ZAO Holding 78
Bying and selling a house
