http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13775 non-built-up areas
non-built-up areas areas of dispersed development
The rural community and its school : in partnership for the future : proceeding of the 10th National Conference, Fremante, Western Australia, 12-15 October, 1994
This article discusses how the national innovation policies in Finland, Sweden and Norway consider regionality, especially peripheral regions. This aspect is of interest considering how these three countries perform well in international competition while having substantial differences between different regions in terms of their economical development. The northernmost parts of Finland, Sweden and Norway are raised as examples as they are especially challenging areas in the context of innovation activities. As a theoretical background I introduce the concepts of innovation systems and innovation policy and define the challenges involved when implementing innovation policies in peripheral regions. The study is realised by analysing 20 innovation policy documents: ten from Finland, six from Sweden and four from Norway. I use qualitative content analysis as a research method. This investigation shows that, in spite of the importance of regions in innovation activities, national innovation policies in the research countries do not consider regionality, or, more specifically, the less-favoured regions. Meanwhile, regional innovation systems, especially institutes of higher education, are seen as important for the economic development and competitiveness of the countries and their national innovation systems.
Miles to go : aging in rural Virginia
Young people making it work : continuity and change in rural places
Development of rural water supply in Finland: Possible lessons for the developing world? : discussion paper
Distance education : an open avenue for women in remote areas or reproduction of inequality?
Towards 2000 : schooling through distance education : proceedings of the first National Distance Education Conference, 30 June - 3 July 1993, Radisson Plaza Hotel, Cairns, Cairns School of Distance Education
Regionality, innovation policy and peripheral regions in Finland, Sweden and Norway
Social services on both sides of the border
Geographical perspectives on the development of power distribution systems in sparsely populated areas
Rural development in the enlarged European Union
Rovaniemi : the official hometown of Santa Claus
On comparative policy analysis: Methodolical problems, theoretical conciderations and empirical applications
Old, female and rural
No little places : the untapped potential of the small-town-church
Characteristics of small and rural school districts
Rural education : quality provision, quality experience, quality outcomes : proceedings of the 12th National Conference, 22-24 August, 1996, Hobart, Tasmania
Summary (s. 2-19).
Sustainable villages in northern conditions : review on sanitation alternatives in rural areas
An International Conference on Issues affecting rural communities : proceedings of the Conference held by The Rural Education Research and Development Centre... Townsville, 10-15 July 1994
Agricultural geography : a social and economic analysis
Dynamics of job creation, restructuring and industrialisation in rural Finland
Rural difference : a challenge for beginning teachers
Leadership for rural schools : lessons for all educators
Education in the rural American community : a lifelong process
Cumulative geological, regional and site-specific factors affecting groundwater quality in domestic wells in Finland
Place value : an educator's guide to good literature on rural lifeways, environments, and purposes of education
Northern peripheral, sparsely populated regions in the European Union and in Norway
This study analyses the socio-economic transformation of Finnish peripheral areas. Changes are scrutinised in the context of industrial restructuring in order to unravel the mechanisms that impact on rural transformation. A policy shift towards rationalisation of the primary sector commenced in the mid-1960s, and regional policy promoted rural industrialisation. In recent years depopulation combined with improving productivity in services has restricted the growth of public sector employment in the northern, north-eastern and eastern parts of the country. The analysis ends by scrutinising the impacts of the boom in the information and communication technology sector on the rural economic landscape at the turn of the millennium. Two geographically almost identical industrial development patterns are detected: the regional policy-based rural manufacturing boom of the 1970s and the reindustrialisation period at the turn of the millennium, led by the growth and spatial expansion of the information and telecommunication technology cluster.
Valuation of goods transportation characteristics : a study of a sparsely populated area
Water supply, sanitation and hygiene promotion in the rural areas of Ghana: a case study in Agona-Nkwanta and Dixcove communities
Creative communities : regional inclusion & the arts
The small rural primary school : a matter of quality
Contemplation of vacancies in rural German areas and consequence for buildings and infrastructure
"Rural crime is a fast growing area of interest among scholars in criminology. From studies of agricultural crime in Australia, to violence against women in Appalachia America, to poaching in Uganda, to land theft in Brazil -- the criminology community has come to recognize that crime manifests itself in rural localities in ways that both conform to and challenge conventional theory and research. For the first time, Rural Criminology brings together contemporary research and conceptual considerations to synthesize rural crime studies from a critical perspective." -- Publisher website.
Appropriate management of on-site sanitation
Challenges and strengths of early childhood education in sparsely populated small provinces the case of Lapland, Finland
Evaluating European Union funded projects : case MINWA
Teaching the commons : place, pride, and the renewal of community
Sammandrag. - Abstract.
On comparative policy analysis: muthodological problems, theoretical conciderations and empirical applications
Exploring customer-oriented service offerings in public health : developing integrated health care services for rural areas
Shaping Rural Areas in Europe. Perceptions and Outcomes on the Present and the Future sets out to investigate the effect of urban perceptions about the rural and consequent demands on rurality on the present and future configurations of rural territories in Europe in the early twenty-first century. This volume presents and discusses a broad range of case studies and theoretical and methodological approaches from different academic fields, mainly Anthropology, Sociology and Geography.
Commuting with on-site accommodation in the mining industry and its effects on spatial structures
Rural education and local development : proceedings of the seventh Annual National Conference, July 1991, Hawkesbury Campus, University of Western Sydney
Forestry in development planning : lessons from the rural experience
Health Services for Rural Elders
Attractions in Liminka Bay area : a guide map for travellers
Rural Trade: Best European practices : local distributive trades in less-favoured rural areas, October 1999
Evolving regional and local development
The Objective 6 -plan of Finland 1995-1999 : Finland's proposal to the European Commission
Rural learning : a practical guide to developing learning opportunities in the countryside
The basic service quality level of transport infrastructure in peripheral areas
Multigrade schools : improving access in rural Africa?
The integration of remote classrooms : a distance education project using video conferencing
Constructed and Riverine Wetlands for Optimal Control of Wastewater at Catchment Scale : conference proceedings
Ländliche Gesellschaft europäischer Peripherien = Rural society of European peripheries
Rural education : in pursuit of excellence : proceedings of the eight Annual National Conference, July 1992, Austin College University of New England, Armindale, N.S.W
Living in rural areas
"Think Tank" on research into rural education : proceedings of the Conference held by Rural Education Research and Development Centre... Townsville, June 10-14, 1990
Puumala : at your service
Shaping rural areas in Europe : perceptions and outcomes on the present and the future
Managing change in rural schools : an action guide
Abstract (1 s.).
Space-time dependence in regional development : the geospatial approach to understanding the development processes in small-scale areas of Finland
Field guide to the future : four ways for communities to think ahead
Small firms in urban and rural locations
Background: Every under-school-age child in Finland is justified to receive day care and early childhood education according to law regardless of the child's place of residence. The nation wants to invest in quality early childhood education because both parents of the vast majority of families with children under school age are in full-time employment. How is this arranged in sparsely populated, remote provinces and municipalities? Purpose: Due to remote location and long distances between families, the solutions of guaranteeing quality day care services for all children is challenging. In this review paper, the practical realization of early childhood education in the province of Lapland with 6,000 children under school age is discussed. Conclusion: Suggestions for the future are presented, especially the possibilities of distance education and online peer support for early childhood educators.
Integrated economic and environmental impact assessment and optimisation of the municipal waste management model in rural area by case of Harju County municipalities in Estonia
