http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13770 ministries
ministries
National Environmental Policy Programme 2005
Abstract.
Challenges for the Finnish foreign service in the 21st century : report by foreign minister Erkki Tuomioja to the Parliamentary Foreign Affairs Committee on 12 June 2001 dealing with the tasks and resources of the Finnish foreign service
Linking strategy and performance management : case: ministry of the interior
Local government and education
Cabinets in Western Europe
Legal sector report : for Albania
Guide for a good work community : instructions for problem situations
Early support model in Ministry of Social Affairs and Health
Public administration in developed democracies : a comparative study
The purpose of this thesis is to ascertain the challenges involved in the transition from traditional recruiting to a new online recruitment service. Heli online recruitment service has been created by the State Treasury and is intended for use by government agencies. The service was developed to make the administration of routine matters more effective, to modernize the State recruiting culture, and to increase personnel mobility within the state. It is also part of Finnish productivity and regionalization programs. The research method used in this study was qualitative. The empirical data was gathered by interviewing four employees of the Ministry of the Interior, between July and October 2009. The effects of the transition on recruitment efficiency were observed by analyzing them with the help of internal marketing, human resources management and employer image theories. The aim was to discover how this online recruitment service has changed the recruitment process and how this has benefitted the Ministry of the Interior’s image. The study results indicated that use of this service has significantly changed the recruitment process in the Ministry of the Interior. This service has modernized the recruitment culture and it has helped to promote governmental agencies as a prominent employer. Efficiency has increased, as many tasks can now be done electronically. The results indicated that there is still room for improvement. In order to develop the Heli service, it is crucial that the State Treasury and various governmental agencies co-operate. It can be stated that once the most critical faults have been corrected and the public is more familiar with the service, its full potential can be reached.
Migrating a ministry to OpenOffice.org
The Ministry of Finance : two hundred years of state-building, nation-building and crisis management in Finland
An evaluation of the Finnish public transport system : the role of the Ministry of Transport and Communications
Strategic security : a constructivist investigation of critical security and strategic organisational learning issues : towards a theory of security development
The permanent under-secretary for foreign affairs, 1854-1946
Linking strategy and performance management : case: Ministry of the Interior
Government resolution on a drug policy action programme in Finland 2004-2007
A short summary and some conclusions (s. 379-387).
Ministry of Education Strategy 2015.
A view from the shadows : the Ministry of the Solicitor General of Canada and the making of the justice for victims of crime initiative
Department of Food and Health
Evaluation of environmental management systems within the administrative sector of the Finnish Ministry of Transport and Communications
Twentieth-century British political facts, 1900-2000
Research and development : strategy, program 2002, results 2001.
Ministry of the Interior
Arms and the wizard : Lloyd George and the Ministry of Munitions, 1915-1916
The archives of the Finnish Ministry for Foreign Affairs
The objective of this research was to complete an auditing research on employee satisfaction of the Sisäpiha intranet as a channel of internal communication among the personnel of the Ministry of Education. The results of this research were to provide background information for intranet reform at the Ministry of Education that will take place in 2008. The goal of this reform is to make Sisäpiha intranet more user-friendly. Research on the entire internal communication situation of the Ministry of Education was conducted by Viestintä Oy Intercom in 2003. Satisfaction regarding Sisäpiha was one part of this research. The results of previous research on it were compared with the results of this research in order to see how the overall level of satisfaction regarding the intranet has evolved. The research problem was threefold, and consisted of the following questions: 1. How satisfied are employees with Sisäpiha as a channel of internal communication? 2. How could Sisäpiha be improved in order to serve its users better? 3. How has satisfaction regarding Sisäpiha changed since earlier research was carried out?    Both quantitative and qualitative research methods were used in the empirical part of this research. An electronic questionnaire was created, which contained both closed and open questions. The entire personnel of the Ministry of Education, 365 persons in February 2007, performed the research group. A total of 95 people answered the questionnaire, yielding a response rate of 26%. The answers to the closed questions were analyzed statistically and the answers to the open questions were analyzed by using the content analysis method.     According to the results Sisäpiha was widely used among personnel and it was considered as an important channel of internal communication. It was ranked as the fourth most important internal communication channel and the most important written internal communication channel. The respondents considered Sisäpiha primarily to be a tool and a means of information storage. However, 70% of the respondents thought that Sisäpiha could also be utilized for internal discussion. The downsides of the current Sisäpiha were its somewhat illogical information architecture and long link paths, which made information retrieval more difficult. Furthermore, the search engine did not provide accurate enough results and the pages often contained information that was out of date. When compared to the results of earlier research the usage of and satisfaction with Sisäpiha have both increased. However, the same shortcomings that emerged from previous research were still shown to exist to some degree in this research. These shortcomings still need to be overcome in order to make Sisäpiha more efficient.
Ever the diplomat : confessions of a Foreign Office mandarin
Cabinets and coalition bargaining : the democratic life cycle in Western Europe
Argumentation on the image of Finland in the EU, the Ministry of Education as a rhetorician, 1994-2005
A chronicle of the Ministry of Trade and Industry
Estonian ministry of culture
The Times survey of foreign ministries of the world
Eesti Rahandusministeerium = The Ministry of Finance of Estonia
Ministers and ministries : a functional analysis
This study investigates leadership challenges in multicultural working environments in the Ministry for Foreign Affairs of Finland. The main objective is to support the implementation of the Human resources strategy 2010-2015 by finding out key elements and development areas in leadership in multicultural working environment. Another objective is to provide research findings that can be utilized in leadership trainings. The main research question of the study is how to develop leadership to meet the needs of locally engaged staff. This contains the following sub-questions:     1) What is the role of culture in such leadership? 2) Which skills and qualities are most important in such leadership? 3) Are these skills and qualities culture-bound?.    Leadership, role of culture in leadership, cultural dimensions, and leadership skills and qualities in multicultural working environment are discussed in the literature review. The conceptual framework links the research question, literature and the context of this study together.      The target group of the study was locally engaged staff in the Finnish missions. The research method of this study was qualitative. The data collection method was in-depth interviewing. The interviews were conducted in connection to trainings organized for the locally engaged staff in Helsinki in June and September 2011. Altogether 20 interviews were conducted.     The findings of this study show that the role of culture in leadership is important. Leadership perceptions concerning power distance on the other hand, and individualism and collectivism on the other, vary on the basis of the cultural background of the respondent. Cultural similarities in leadership perceptions cover trust and respect, fairness and equality, empathy, communication, and consistency and firmness. Finnish leadership culture is seen as friendly and low in hierarchy, and the superiors are easy to approach. Communication, social activity, consistency and firmness are the elements that could be improved. A good superior is able to take the environment into account and develop appropriate leadership styles and practices for that particular cultural environment.
Basic documents of American public administration : 1776-1950
Welfare, health and equality : survey for 2007-2010
Health, social protection and gender equality : survey 2004-2006
Leadership challenges in multicultural working environments in the Ministry for Foreign Affairs of Finland
Eesti Välisministeerium = Estonian ministry of foreign affairs
Ministry for Foreign Affairs
Research and development : results in 2002
Government decision-in-principle on reforms in central and regional government
An administrator for an active people
Ready for the presidency : an assessment of the capabilities and means of influence of Finnish civil servants
Summary (s. 3).
Business subsidies and bureaucratic behaviour
Ministry for the administration, regional development and internal security
Utilisation of evaluation results in Finland's international development cooperation : evaluation report
Internal management of external relations : the europeanization of an economic affairs ministry
Snake agent : a detective inspector Chen novel
Ministry of Social Affairs and Health and social security and health care in Finland
MITI and the Japanese miracle : the growth of industrial policy, 1925-1975
Satisfaction regarding the intranet as a channel of internal communication at the ministry of education
Books in Latvia : From author to reader
Conclusion (s. 290-294).
Effects of the Europeanisation on the mistry of agriculture and forestry
Head of the civil service : a study of Sir Warren Fisher
Critical security views in Finland's Ministry of Defence
Public management reforms : three Anglo-Finnish case studies
Changing the HR strategy of the Finnish National Board of Education : reviewing the change process
Growing democracy in Japan : the parliamentary cabinet system since 1868
"You can't please everyone" : conflict management practices, frames and institutions in Finnish state forests
Official Vilnius : data as of September 1, 1995
The Ministry of Agriculture and Forestry in Finland
Improving management in government : the next steps : report to the Prime Minister
Social and medical emergency : preparedness and response unit
Abstract in English.
Ministry of Social Affairs and Health and related authorities
Recommended operating procedures for sampling and analysing in the verification of chemical disarmament
Making and breaking governments : cabinets and legislatures in parliamentary democracies
Trust in knowledge management and systems in organizations
A review of the organisations of the Ministries of Finance
Decision making in the field of transport investments
Valtionhallinnon sanastoa englanniksi = Statsförvaltningstermer på engelska = Finnish civil service glossary - titles and organisations
Welfare, health and equality : survey for 2012-2015
The basic principles of the Finnish government decision-making structure and procedure
The role of public export promotion in Finland : industry view of public export promotion in Southwest Finland
Guide to the archives of member states' foreign ministries and European Union institutions
Chief among the personnel at the Foreign Office is the Permanent Under-secretary, the senior civil servant who oversees the department and advises the Foreign Secretary. This book is a study of the twelve men who held this office from 1854 to 1946.
Parties and democracy : coalition formation and government functioning in twenty states
Transition to a new online recruitment service : case Ministry of the Interior
Valtioneuvostosanasto = Statsrådsordlistan = Glossary on the Council of State in Finland ..
Information systems
From the active to the enabling state : the changing role of top officials in European nations
Social security and health care in Finland and Ministry of Social Affairs and Health
The civil servant identity card
The programme of the government to improve law drafting : the decision-in-principle of the Council of Ministers = Programme du Conseil des ministres sur le développement de la préparation des lois : décision de principe du Conseil des ministres
Estonian ministry of foreign affairs : yearbook
The effects of European union membership on Finland's bilateral diplomatic practice
The Cultural Revolution in the Foreign Ministry of China
British political facts 1900-1967
Education and culture 2004 : Ministry of Education annual report
Ministry of Social Affairs and Health and National Agency for Welfare and Health
Ministry of forestry
The international directory of government 1995.
When the marching stopped : the politics of civil rights regulatory agencies
Re-entry issues and challenges of Finnish repatriates : study of corporate expatriates, employees of the Ministry for Foreign Affairs, and employees of the defence forces
