http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13746 service structure
service structure
Mobility and earnings : an analysis of Finnish manufacturing and services
Spatial interaction and spatial structure : a study of public facility location
Report by the Secretariat of the Economic Council. Part 1, Globalisation challenges for Europe
Alueelliset kauppavirrat Suomessa 1996 : ennakkotietoja alueellisesta panos-tuotos tutkimusprojektista = Regional trade flows in Finland in 1996 : preliminary results of the regional input-output project
Urban regions in KASPNET : urban structures
Local and regional reform processes in Norden
The end of the welfare state? : responses to state retrenchment
The systems of inclusion
Production, primary, secondary, and tertiary : Finnish growth and structural change, 1860-2004
"China's Security State describes the creation, evolution, and development of Chinese security and intelligence agencies as well as their role in influencing Chinese Communist Party politics throughout the party's history"--
Rural geography : processes, responses, and experiences in rural restructuring
Finnish economy : structural indicators 2004
Summary in Finnish.
The EU economy: 2005 review : rising international economic integration : opportunities and challenges
Abstract.
Terveydenhuollon trendit 2004 = Trender inom hälsovården 2004 = Trends in health care 2004.
Restructuration of the welfare state : productivity and effectiveness of social services : research plan
Will digitalisation transform the financial sector too?
Ageing report : overall assessment of the effects of ageing and the adequacy of preparation for demographic changes
Kulttuuritilasto 2011 = Cultural statistics 2011.
Essays on information and communications technology, structural change, and economic growth
Traditional financial participants are facing new competition in the wake of digitalisation. On one hand, major technology giants have begun to provide services designed primarily for payments but partly also for lending, while on the other hand fast-growing fintech startups are out to peck the most delicious titbits off banks' plates, spurred by feather-light cost structures and new ways of thinking..
Quasi-markets and social policy
Public services at the local level : the Finnish way
Structure to services : a novel categorization of industrial services to help compare and clarify company offerings
Research perspectives in service engineering and management. 1
Hospital productivity and the Norwegian ownership reform : a Nordic comparative study
The complete lean enterprise : value stream mapping for office and services
The reform to restructure municipalities and services in Finland : a research perspective : Evaluation Research Programme ARTTU studies No. 23
European cohesion forum : speeches and summaries : 28 to 30 April 1997
Finnish economy : structural indicators 2008
Biennial report on social services of general interest
Perspectives on the age of the information society
Putin's kleptocracy : who owns Russia?
Abstract: The finnish psychiatric health services in the 1990's from the point of view of historical continuity.
The economic ascent of the hotel business
Long-term institutional care among Finnish elderly population : trends and potential for discharge
Aging China : the demographic challenge to China's economic prospects
New forms of service-production - fashion or a necessity?
The managerial state : power, politics and ideology in the remaking of social welfare
Cloud computing patterns : fundamentals to design, build, and manage cloud applications
Highlights in service research
Public sector reform : rationale, trends and problems
Changing practice in health and social care
Mobile web services : architecture and implementation
Finnish economy : structural indicators 2006
The limits of market organization
Converged network service architecture : a platform for integrated services delivery and interworking
Social care markets : progress and prospects
Families in ageing societies : a multi-disciplinary approach
Summary: The development of social expenditure in the long term.
Information architecture for the Web and beyond
Don't make me think! : a common sense approach to web usability
Network warrior
Abstract: New research-based knowledge about peripherality and planning practices in depopulated built-up areas in the Northern Periphery.
Service concepts and service integration in Costa del Sol
The social construction of community care
Resource allocation in the public sector : values, priorities, and markets in the management of public services
Future of the European forest-based sector : structural changes towards bioeconomy
China's security state : philosophy, evolution, and politics
Refurbishing elderly care : the new streams and organisational transformation in Finland and Japan
New forms of service-production : fashion or a necessity?
KASPNET - summary of urban structures
A revolution in social policy : quasi-market reforms in the 1990s
Summary and main conclusions (s. 5-11).
Short circuit : strengthening local economies for security in an unstable world
Design opportunities and challenges in Indian urban slums : community communication and mobile phones
Johtamishaasteena muutos : kirjasto akateemisessa yhteisössä = Change challenges leadership - library in the academic community
The end of lawyers? : rethinking the nature of legal services
British civilization : an introduction
The state of Helsinki region 2009 : European comparisons
Innovation and development activities in professional service firms : a role structure perspective
Constructing service machines : final report
Continuous use and purchasing behaviour in social virtual worlds
The raging question in the world today is who is the real Vladimir Putin and what are his intentions. Karen Dawisha's brilliant work provides an answer, describing how Putin got to power, the cabal he brought with him, the billions they have looted, and his plan to restore the Greater Russia.
Dyadic relations between the main contractor and its suppliers : a case study to clarify critical factors in Metso Paper Ltd
Delivering welfare : the governance of the social services in the 1990s
The Finnish government's child and youth policy programme 2007-2011
Impact of structural adjustment in the public services (efficiency, quality improvement and working conditions) : Joint Meeting on the Impact of Structural Adjustment in the Public Services (Efficiency, Quality Improvement and Working Conditions), Geneva 1995
The service sector in Finland : A nordic lilliputian
Albania - a country in a cross swell : report of the Finnish mission on developmental social issues
Summary (s. 11-12): Local and regional reform processes in Norden.
Abstract (1 s.).
The role of adult guidance and employment counselling in a changing labour market : final report on EUROCOUNSEL : an action research programme on counselling and long-term unemployment
