http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1378 service desks
service desks
Image vs. Reality in a Receptionist's Job
"Every decision you make affects how people experience your library. Aaron Schmidt and Amanda Etches count some 19 touchpoints--website, email, furniture, parking lot, events, newsletters, to name a few. Three elements are to be useful, useable, and desirable. Like three legs of a stool, missing any one will take you down. This book looks at the major checkpoints for user experience in a library, offering guidance on every facet, why it's important and how to assess your library's current status" --
Abstract.
The role of a service desk manager is to provide the single point of contact between an IT organisation and its users. Responsibilities include developing, implementing, monitoring and improving processes and procedures. This essential guide covers areas such as purpose, required skills and career progression.
When business meets culture : ideas and experiences for mutual profit
Position dependent information system in a wireless information device
The objective of this study is to demonstrate that there is a connection between increased customer satisfaction and usage intensity with service improvement in the B2B environment. Laattapiste Oy was used as a case company to demonstrate this connection.      The theoretical framework was based on theories proposed by authors Parasuraman A, Zeithaml V. and Berry L. – A conceptual Model of Service Quality as well as Grönroos C. author of Service Management and Marketing- A Relationship Management Approach. The theory presented concept of service quality, customer relationship and servicescape.     The study was carried in form of face-to-face semi-structured interviews. The data was gathered in January 2011 by conducting five face-to-face interviews with the help of a pre-formulated questionnaire. Each interview lasted for approximately one hour. The analytical approach was qualitative, as it was the best approach suited for examining the topic. The sample was a group of professional architect and designer customers of Laattapiste Oy.     The findings revealed that the customers were mainly satisfied with the service at Laattapiste Oy, however getting contact with the salespeople was found somewhat difficult as well as keeping promises on deliveries – specifically samples. The study focused more on functional quality rather than on technical quality. The findings also revealed that the servicescape, the Bathroom Studio Showroom was considered good, but the premises were considered slightly boring, more products and technical information was wanted for display. Respondents were also interested in short lectures on products. The findings also revealed that customers found the social, financial and geographical bonds important. Problems with the deliveries and responsiveness were identified.     In conclusion, the research questions posed in the beginning were answered. The study showed that in order to increase customer satisfaction the company needs to constantly keep in touch with its customers, not only focus on acquiring new customers but fostering good relationships with current key customers. The service quality must be assessed and improved. The servicescape was also considered as a tool for customer retention and its improvement meaning better service for customers.
Measuring customer satisfaction: a Sonera store case study
Service desk and incident manager : careers in IT service management
Introduction to ITIL
Towards better customer satisfaction in the B2B relationship
Useful, usable, desirable : Applying user experience design to your library
The standardization of front office service in Chinese hospitality management : case company: Guangzhou Asian International Hotel
