http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13779 housing communities
housing communities
Current directions in community psychology
Ecovillages : lessons for sustainable community
Qualitative housing analysis : an international perspective
Urban villages and the making of communities
Cities are good for you : the genius of the metropolis
Maison ikkoku. Volume three, Home sweet home
Kadonnutta maisemaa etsimässä : Nina Rantalan yhteisötaideprojekti = Remembrance of landscapes past : a community art project by Nina Rantala
The life of the longhouse : an archaeology of ethnicity
Political economy of Bronze- and Iron Age societies in the Eastern Coast of the Bothnian Bay ca. 1500 BC-AD 1300
Maison Ikkoku. 1 / [translation/ Gerard Jones & Matt Thorn]
In detail : housing for people of all ages
Issues in international bilingual education : the role of the vernacular
Housing in rural America : building affordable and inclusive communities
Enhancing health resources among older people in the community using a salutogenesis-based intervention programme
Collaborative communities : cohousing, central living, other new forms of housing with shared facilities
Sustainability and communities of place
Abstract: The ecological city - from conflict to communication.
DIY community action : neighbourhood problems and community self-help
Community schooling and the nature of power : the battle for Croxteth Comprehensive
Poverty and place : ghettos, barrios, and the American city
Inclusive housing in an ageing society : innovative approaches
Hännätön kissa = The bobtailed cat
My sweet bird, fly under my arm : poems
Promoting well-being : linking personal, organizational, and community change
From the ground up : translating geography into community through neighbor networks
Streetlife China
Living L'Arche : stories of compassion, love, and disability
Organizing Bronze age societies : the Mediterranean, Central Europe, and Scandinavia compared
Negotiating informal housing in Metro Manila : forging communities through participation
Siege of the spirits : community and polity in Bangkok
Maison Ikkoku. Volume twelve, Hounds of war
Design opportunities and challenges in Indian urban slums : community communication and mobile phones
Fast-forward urbanism : rethinking architecture's engagement with the city
Medical anthropology : a biocultural approach
The 15 ways are here again..
Conner Street's war
Innovative comparative methods for policy analysis : beyond the quantitative-qualitative divide
Fields and capitals : constructing local life
Super public : a housing project in China
The sand men
The Cynon Valley project : investing in the future
"For two centuries, travellers were amazed at the massive buildings found along the rivers that flow from the mountainous interior of Borneo. They concentrated hundreds of people under one roof, in the middle of empty rainforests. There was no practical necessity for this arrangement, and it remains a mystery. Peter Metcalf provides an answer by showing the historical context, using both oral histories and colonial records. The key factor was a pre-modern trading system that funneled rare and exotic jungle products to China via the ancient coastal city of Brunei. Meanwhile the elite manufactured goods traded upriver shaped the political and religious institutions of longhouse society. However, the apparent permanence of longhouses was an illusion. In historical terms, longhouse communities were both mobile and labile, and the patterns of ethnicity they created more closely resemble the contemporary world than any stereotype of 'tribal' societies"--Provided by publisher.
Creating community anywhere : finding support and connection in a fragmented world
Housing strategies in Europe, 1880-1930
Adult bullying : perpetrators and victims
Earthly delights
The well-tempered city : what modern science, ancient civilizations, and human nature teach us about the future of urban life
Structuring the quality of living : a notebook on social intelligence and strategies for the management of living and local community development
Cohousing : a contemporary approach to housing ourselves
The Slavs
Love Hina. Vol. 6 / [translator: Nan Rymer] ; [English adaptation: Adam Arnold]
The global cities reader
Neighbourhoods: their place in urban life
New approaches to housing for the second half of life
Good kids from bad neighborhoods : successful development in social context
Endangered spaces, enduring places : change, identity, and survival in rural America
On the inbreeding of Skolts: a contribution to the study of the degree of inbreeding in isolated Lapp populations living in North Finland
Behind the gates : life, security, and the pursuit of happiness in fortress America
Phantom of the neighbourhood : longitudinal studies on area-based conditions and individual outcomes
Tapestry of fortunes : a novel
Can neighbourhoods save the city? : community development and social innovation
Socially compatible prervation and refufbishment of historical residential buildings
Urban segregation and the welfare state : inequality and exclusion in western cities
Community policing in America
Heavenly pleasures
Going local : working in communities and neighbourhoods
Opportunity or compulsion?  : domestic servants in urban communities in the eighteenth century
Cities on a hill : a journey through contemporary American cultures
The villa as hegemonic architecture
Unelmasta totta = Dream to reality
Residential segregation in comparative perspective : making sense of contextual diversity
Maison Ikkoku. Vol. fourteen, Welcome home
Political Economy of Bronze- and Iron Age Societies in the Eastern Coast of the Bothnian Bay ca. 1500 BC-AD 1300
East Enders : family and community in East London
Neighbours : the work of Philip Abrams
Living together : cohousing ideas and realities around the world : proceedings from the international collaborative housing conference in Stockholm 5-9 May 2010
New housing concepts
Governance as glue : urban governance and social cohesion in post-WWII neighbourhoods in the Netherlands
