http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1375 biochemistry
biochemistry
First dice your dill (Anethum graveolens L.) : new methods and techniques in sample handling
Annual review of biochemistry. Vol. 58
Gut microbiota in early infancy : effect of environment, diet and probiotics
Morphogenesis of mammalian endoplasmic reticulum and golgi apparatus throughout the cell cycle
The ubiquitin-proteasome system
Visions of the future : chemistry and life science
Characterisation of Cladonia rangiferina transcriptome and genome, and the effects of dehydration and rehydration on its gene expression
"This practical guide to biosimulation provides the hands-on experience needed to devise, design and analyze simulations of biophysical processes for applications in biological and biomedical sciences. Through real-world case studies and worked examples, students will develop and apply basic operations through to advanced concepts, covering a wide range of biophysical topics including chemical kinetics and thermodynamics, transport phenomena, and cellular electrophysiology. Each chapter is built around case studies in a given application area, with simulations of real biological systems developed to analyze and interpret data. Open-ended project-based exercises are provided at the end of each chapter, and with all data and computer codes available online (www.cambridge.org/biosim) students can quickly and easily run, manipulate, explore and expand on the examples inside. This hands-on guide is ideal for use on senior undergraduate/graduate courses and also as a self-study guide for anyone who needs to develop computational models of biological systems".
Collagen network of the articular cartilage : ultrastructural stereologic analysis
Annual review of biochemistry. Vol. 44
Harper's review of biochemistry
"Providing guidelines for implementing sustainable practices for traditional petroleum based plastics, biobased plastics, and recycled plastics, Sustainable Plastics and the Environment explains what sustainable plastics are, why sustainable plastics are needed, which sustainable plastics to use, and how manufacturing companies can integrate them into their manufacturing operations. A vital resource for practitioners, scientists, researchers, and students, the text includes impacts of plastics including Life Cycle Assessments (LCA) and sustainability strategies related to biobased plastics and petroleum based plastics as well as end-of-life options for petroleum and biobased plastics"--
Experimental biochemistry : a laboratory manual
Springer handbook of nanotechnology
Structural studies on PP2A and methods in protein production
Structural studies of flexible biomolecules and a DNA-binding protein
Modulation of TGF-β signaling by hypoxia
Virulence properties of Aggregatibacter actinomycetemcomitans biofilm and characterisation of its putative cytokine exploitation
Biosimulation : simulation of living systems
Chemical and biochemical engineering : new materials and developed components
Bio-Organic chemistry : readings from Scientific American
Studies on the detection methods of Campylobacter and faecal indicator bacteria in drinking water
A guide-book to biochemistry
Fundamentals of general, organic, and biological chemistry. Laboratory manual
Myosin-X : a molecular motor driving cancer cell invasion
Annual review of biochemistry. Vol. 65
Glycosylation and glycodiversification in polyketide antibiotics : unraveling biosynthetic steps in nogalamycin formation
Preparative centrifugation : a practical approach
Foundations of biochemistry : (for majors)
Statistical thermodynamics : with applications to the life sciences
Protein crystallography of triosephosphate isomerases : functional and protein engineering studies
Functional studies on [alpha]2-adrenergic receptor subtypes
Interaction of cholesterol with sphingomyelins and phosphatidylcholines in model membranes
Sustainable plastics : environmental assessments of biobased, biodegradable, and recycled plastics
On thin ice : a synthesis of the Canadian Arctic Shelf Exchange Study (CASES)
Growth and defence in plants : resource allocation at multiple scales
The function and regulation of the U11-48K protein in U12-dependent splicing
Fundamentals of general, organic, and biological chemistry
Proteomics in biomarker research : insights into the effects of aging and environment on biological systems
Affinity purification of the Escherichia coli NADH:quinone oxidoreductase
Proteins : from analytics to structural genomics
Natural products : discourse, diversity, and design
Plants and the human brain
Isotopic tracers in biochemistry and physiology
Targeting peptide-mediated internalization of gene deliver vectors into mammalian cells
Biochemistry and physiology of nutrition. Vol. 1
Biogeochemistry in acid sulphate soil landscapes and small urban centres in Western Finland
Phytochemistry of fruit and vegetables
Characterisation and engineering of protein-carbohydrate interactions
The structure and function of muscle. Vol. 2, Biochemistry and physiology
Basic biochemistry
Computational investigation of oxygen reduction and proton pumping in cbb3-type Cytochrome c Oxidases
Clinical biochemistry : an illustrated colour text
Textbook of biochemistry
Biorefineries and chemical processes : design, integration and sustainability analysis
Plant biochemistry
Short course in biochemistry
Design and production of protein nanostructures for biomolecular detection
Annual review of biochemistry. Vol. 43
Annual review of biochemistry. Vol. 62
Chemical biology : from small molecules to systems biology and drug design. Vol. 3
Silver nanoparticles in the environment
Alkaloids - secrets of life : alkaloid chemistry, biological significance, applications and ecological role
Annual review of biochemistry. Vol. 42
Four lysosomal phospholipids : studies on structure, subcellular localization and biosynthesis
Annual review of biochemistry. Vol. 41
Bioscience, biotechnology, and biochemistry
Transport of KCC2 to dendritic spines : analyses of KCC2 constructs for live and fixed imaging in neurons
Stress response in the cyanobacterium Synechocystis sp. PCC 6803
Biochemistry of antimicrobial action
Chemical biology : an introduction to biochemistry
Exercise boichemistry
Electric dichroism and electric birefringence
Protein crystallography of triosephosphate isomerases: functional and protein engineering studies
The structural basis for inorganic pyrophosphatase catalysis and regulation
Handbook of environmental engineering calculations
Annual review of biochemistry. Vol. 57
Regulatory mechanisms involved in Th2 cell differentiation : a proteomics approach
General, organic and biological chemistry
Receptor for advanced glycation end products (RAGE)
Do the secreted molecules of gut bacterium Faecalibacterium prausnitzii inhibit the fat accumulation in hepatocytes in vitro?
Annual review of biochemistry. Vol. 47
Annual review of biochemistry. Vol. 53
Biochemistry primer for exercise science
Annual review of biochemistry. Vol. 51
Ethylene : agricultural resources and applications
Structural studies of R2 and R2-like proteins with a heterodinuclear Mn/Fe cofactor and enzymes involved in Mycobacterium tuberculosis lipid metabolism
Regulation of photosynthetic electron transfer in plant chloroplasts
Mass-spectrometric analysis of glycerophospholipid metabolism
A course in practical biochemistry for students of medicine
Functional studies on bacterial nucleotide-regulated inorganic pyrophosphatases
Annual review of biochemistry. Vol 69
In search of a biosensor for DNT detection : studies of inducer response and specificity of DntR
Immunohepatotoxicity of the persistent environmental pollutants perfluorooctanoate (PFOA) and perfluorooctane sulfonate (PFOS)
The Biomedical & Life Sciences Collection
Highly functional binding surface for miniaturised solid-phase immunoassays.  - A spot story -
Bioanalytical chemistry
Annual review of biochemistry. Vol. 68
Peptide antigens : a practical approach
Annual review of biochemistry. Vol. 59
Annual review of biochemistry. Vol. 52
Annual review of biochemistry. Vol. 56
CCBE1 enhances lymphangiogenesis via ADAMTS3-mediated VEGF-C processing
Biochemical basis of trafficking differences between AMPA reseptor subtypes
Lysyl hydroxylases : characterization of mouse lysyl hydroxylases and generation of genetically modified lysyl hydroxylase 3 mouse lines
Chemistry and the living organism
Protein crystallographic studies of CoA-dependent proteins : new insight into the binding mode and exchange mechanism of acyl-CoA
The horseradish peroxidase-catalyzed iodide oxidation and tyrosine iodination
Effects of dietary far oxidation products and flavonols on lipoprotein oxidation
Lanthanide chelates as donors in fluorescence resonance energy transfer :exciting prospects for bioaffinity assay detection : exciting prospects for bioaffinity assay detection
Annual review of biochemistry. Vol. 55
Conformational regulation of α2β1 integrin in ligand binding
Quantitative problems in biochemistry
Proteomics and metabolomics in biological and medical applications
Chemical biology screen for prostate cancer therapeutics
Mutational analysis of the androgen receptor ligand-binding domain
DPS-like peroxide resistance protein : structural and functional studies on a versatile nanocontainer
Novel cellular luminescence probes for immunologiccal and toxicological assessments
Food safety testing : rapid molecular mehods for chemical and biological hazards
General, organic, and biological chemistry
Regulation of nitrogen fixation in Rhodospirillum rubrum : through proteomics and beyond
The structure and function of [alpha]I domains in collagen receptor and leukocyte integrins
Composition of hawthorn (Crataegus spp.) fruits and leaves and emblic leafflower (Phyllanthus emblica) fruits
Annual review of biochemistry. Vol. 54
Alpha-synuclein as a regulator of synaptic signalling
Annual review of biochemistry. Vol. 61
Biochemistry for dummies
Wet lab bioinformatics : trawling for transcription factors with yeast 1-hybrid system
Annual review of biochemistry. Vol. 48
Principles of biochemistry : Student's solution manual
Mechanisms of fimbrial assembly via non-classical chaperone-usher pathways and receptor recognition by fimbrial adhesins
Annual review of biochemistry. Vol. 45
The chemistry of life : eight lectures on the history of biochemistry
Discovery and characterization of Na+ - transporting pyrophosphatases
Cytochrome c oxidase dysfunction in cancer : exploring the molecular mechanisms
Photoinhibition of photosystem II : kinetics, photoprotection and mechanism
Annual review of biochemistry. Vol. 39
Principles of cell biology
Micronization of pharmaceuticals and food ingredients using supercritical fluid techniques
Annual review of biochemistry. Vol. 46
Property-controlling enzymes at the membrane interface
Recommendations on organic & biochemical nomenclature, symbols & terminology etc
α4β7-integriinin fosforylaatio
Consequences of activated polyamine catabolism : experimental studies in transgenic mice and a human case report
Functional synthetic receptors
Netriini-1:n vaikutukset ihmisen glioblastoomasoluihin = The effects of ntn-1 on human glioblastoma cells
Campbell, Farrell companion site to Biochemistry : 4th Edition
The chemistry of life
Modified nucleosides in biochemistry, biotechnology and medicine
"Natural Products: Discourse, Diversity and Design provides an informative and accessible overview of discoveries in the area of natural products in the genomic era, bringing together advances across the kingdoms. As genomics data makes it increasingly clear that the genomes of microbes and plants contain far more genes for natural product synthesis than had been predicted from the numbers of previously identified metabolites, the potential of these organisms to synthesize diverse natural products is likely to be far greater than previously envisaged. Natural Products addresses not only the philosophical questions of the natural role of these metabolites, but also the evolution of single and multiple pathways, and how these pathways and products may be harnessed to aid discovery of new bioactives and modes of action. Edited by recognized leaders in the fields of plant and microbial biology, bioorganic chemistry and natural products chemistry, and with contributions from researchers at top labs around the world, Natural Products is unprecedented in its combination of disciplines and the breadth of its coverage. Natural Produces: Discourse, Diversity and Design will appeal to advanced students and experienced researchers, from academia to industry, in diverse areas including ecology, industrial biotechnology, drug discovery, medicinal chemistry, agronomy, crop improvement, and natural product chemistry"--Provided by publisher.
Discusses how plant-based chemicals affect and interact with the human brain and its evolution.
Elements of food biochemistry
Recent research developments in biochemistry
Chemistry : core concepts
Membrane effects on proton transfer in cytochrome c oxidase
The mycota : a comprehensive treatise on fungi as experimental systems for basic and applied research. Volume 3, Biochemistry and molecular biology
Concepts in biochemistry
Andean indigenous food crops : nutritional value and bioactive compounds
The spindle assembly checkpoint as a drug target : novel small-molecule inhibitors of Aurora kinases
Basic neurochemistry : principles of molecular, cellular, and medical neurobiology
Various molecular forms of prolactin and their detection methods
Chemical characterization in the biorefinery of lignocellulose : formation and management of oxalic acid and analysis of feedstocks for bioethanol production
Instant notes [in] Biochemistry
Learning biochemistry : 100 case oriented problems
Biochemical modification and functionalization of nanocellulose surface
Data integration for robust network-based disease gene prediction
Multiple indicators of human impacts on the environment in the Pechora Basin, north-eastern European Russia
Genetics of inherited dementing disorders : special emphasis on Alzheimer's disease, frontotemporal dementia, Parkinson's disease and primary familial brain calcification
Unconventional integrin-ligand interactions
Modeling of voltage-gated ion channels
Fractionation of hen egg and oat lipids with supercritical fluids : chemical and functional properties of fractions
Phospholipase cascades in OX1 orexin receptor signaling
Structural elements involved in protein-mediated proton transfer : implications from studies of cytochrome c oxidase
Annual review of biochemistry. Vol. 67
Functional analysis of VEGF-B and VEGF-C
Regulation of ErbB4 signaling by post-translational modifications
Sterols probing the universality of membranes
Chemical biology : from small molecules to systems biology and drug design. Vol. 2
Identification and characterization of target genes of the nuclear receptors VDR and PPARs : implementing in silico methods into the analysis of nuclear receptor regulomes
Development of a Protein Conservation Analysis Pipeline and Application to Carbonic Anhydrase IV
Low temperature biology of foodstuffs
Electrochemical technologies for energy storage and conversion. Vol. 1 & Vol. 2
Roles of mammalian scribble in polarity signaling, virus offense and cell-fate determination
Polyamine homeostasis : cellular responses to perturbation of polyamine biosynthetic enzymes
Biogenic monoamines and cold exposure tolerance in guinea-pigs
Characterisation of human neutral and lysosomal α-mannosidases
Chemical biology : from small molecules to systems biology and drug design. Vol. 1
Annual review of biochemistry. Vol. 64
Annual review of biochemistry. Vol. 66
The phytochemistry of the flora of Qatar
Structural biology of the complement system
Targeted delivery of foreign genes into mannalian cells using filamentous bacteriophage vector
Biogeochemistry : an analysis of global change
Conditional knockout mouse models for nephrin function : targeting of the NPHS1 gene
In the footsteps of migrating cancer cells
Annual review of biochemistry. Vol. 63
Biosynthesis of pyranonaphthoquinone polyketides : characterization of the alnumycin pathway
Potential of native microalgae strains grown in wastewater for biodiesel production in Nordic climate
Laboratory experiments for general, organic and biochemistry
Constructing a sequence ready conting on human chromosome 20
Essays in biochemistry. Vol 16
Principles of biochemistry
Annual review of biochemistry. Vol. 40
This comprehensive book covers the environmental issues concerning silver nanoparticles (AgNPs). Following an introduction to the history, properties and applications, the environmental concerns of AgNPs is discussed. In the second chapter, the separation, characterization and quantification of AgNPs in environment samples are described in detail. In the remaining parts of the book, the authors focus on the environmental processes and effects of AgNPs, with chapters on the pathway into environment, fate and transport, toxicological effects and mechanisms, as well as the environmental bioeffects and safety-assessment of AgNPs in the environment. This book is designed to describe current understanding of the environmental aspects of AgNPs. It provides a valuable resource to students and researchers in environmental science and technology, nanotechnology, toxicology, materials science and ecology; as well as to professionals involved in the production and consumption of AgNPs in various areas including catalysis, food products, textiles/fabrics, and medical products and devices.
"A vital resource for practitioners, scientists, researchers, and students, the text includes impacts of plastics including Life Cycle Assessments (LCA) and sustainability strategies related to biobased plastics and petroleum based plastics as well as end-of-life options for petroleum and biobased plastics"--
Mitogen activated protein kinase (MAPK) pathway mediated overexpression and mislocalization of the serine protease hepsin
Introduction to biochemistry
Nucleic acids research
Artificial intelligence in extrusion cooking process modelling and control
Plants and the chemical elements : biochemistry, uptake, tolerance and toxicity
The relationship between orthology, protein domain architecture and protein function
Protein crystallographic studies of CoA-dependent proteins: new insight into the binding mode and exchange mechanism of acyl-CoA
Highlights in bioorganic chemistry : methods and applications
Permeability of lipid membranes to dioxygen
The role of RSPO1 in osteoblast maturation
Physiology of the skin
Annual review of biochemistry. Vol. 60
20th Meeting of the Federation of European Biochemical Societies : organized by the Hungarian Biochemical Society, Budapest, Hungary, August 19-24, 1990 : abstracts
Mechanisms of fimbrial assembly via non-classical chaperone-usher pathways and receptor recognition by fimbral adhesins
Annual review of biochemistry. Vol. 49
Principles and techniques of practical biochemistry
