http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13795 pneumatics
pneumatics
Pneumatics : theory and applications
Basic pneumatics : an introduction to industrial compressed air systems and components
Pneumatics : basic level
The pneumatic trainer. Vol. 2, Electro-pneumatics : seminar on the introduction to electropneumatics with exercises and answers
Rationalization with handling technology
Proceedings of the Fifth Workshop on Digital Fluid Power : October 24-25, 2012, Tampere, Finland
Pneumatic conveying design guide
The Twelfth Scandinavian International Conference on Fluid Power, SICFP'11, May 18-20, 2011, Tampere, Finland : proceedings of the conference. Volume 2
Electropneumatics : basic level
Manual of pneumatic systems optimization
The Fourteenth Scandinavian International Conference on Fluid Power, SICFP15, May 20-22, 2015, Tampere, Finland : abstracts
The atmosphere of heaven : the unnatural experiments of Dr. Beddoes and his sons of genius
The Twelfth Scandinavian International Conference on Fluid Power, SICFP'11, May 18-20, 2011, Tampere, Finland : proceedings of the conference. Volume 1
Pneumatic handbook
Electropneumatics : workbook : basic level
The Twelfth Scandinavian International Conference on Fluid Power, SICFP'11, May 18-20, 2011, Tampere, Finland : proceedings of the conference. Volume 3
The pneumatic trainer. Volume 1, Basic pneumatics : information and istruction book about basic pneumatics and components and their applications
Empirical study of vertical pneumatic conveying
Ktesibios, Philon and Heron : a study in ancient pneumatics
McGraw-Hill machining and metalworking handbook
The pneumatic trainer. Vol. 1, Basic pneumatics : information and instruction book about basic pneumatics and components and their applications
Koneiden turvallisuus = Safety of machinery. Osa 6 = Part 6, Ohjausjärjestelmät = Control systems
Basic pneumatics : the pneumatic trainer. Volume 1, Information and instruction book about basic pneumatics and componenets and their applications
Technical pocket guide
Hydraulic power transmission in marine machinery
At the Pneumatic Institution in Bristol, founded in the closing years of the eighteenth century, dramatic experiments with gases precipitated not only a revolution in scientific medicine but also in the history of ideas. Guided by the energy of maverick doctor Thomas Beddoes, the Institution was both laboratory and hospital - the first example of a modern medical research institution, but when its members discovered the mind-altering properties of nitrous oxide, or laughing gas, their experiments devolved into a pioneering exploration of consciousness with far-reaching and unforeseen effects.This riveting book is the first to tell the story of Dr. Beddoes and the brilliant circle who surrounded him: Erasmus Darwin, Samuel Taylor Coleridge, and Robert Southey, who supported his ideas; James Watt, who designed and built his laboratory; Thomas Wedgwood, who funded it; and, his dazzling young chemistry assistant, Humphry Davy, who identified nitrous oxide and tested it on himself, with spectacular results. Medical historian Mike Jay charts the chaotic rise and fall of the Institution in this fast-paced account, and reveals its crucial influence - on modern drug culture, attitudes toward objective and subjective knowledge, the development of anaesthetic surgery, and the birth of the Romantic movement.
Pneumatic and hydraulic systems
Hydraulics and pneumatics : a technician's and engineer's guide
Cutting costs with pneumatics : low-cost automation from the economical and technical perspectives. Problem-solutions for practical application demonstrated by examples
Compressed air manual
The pneumatic trainer. Vol. 5, Fieldbus technology in pneumatics : information and instruction book about the basic of the fieldbus technology and the application in the pneumatics
Industrial mechanics and maintenance
Dynamic test machine : durability test
"Basic Pneumatics was developed as an introductory text for people who are studying to be maintenance personnel working on production machinery, and for upgrading the knowledge of other factory workers, including machine operators, line mechanics, and newly hired engineers. The book was designed to provide an alternative to the large number of books and manuals on the topic of pneumatics that have a heavy math and theoretical orientation. Basic Pneumatics is designed give a student a firm, hands-on foundation in the fundamentals of pneumatics. It presents a student with the basic competencies required to maintain and troubleshoot most of the pneumatic systems that he or she will encounter on the plant floor"--Back cover.
Pneumatic actuating systems for automatic equipment : structure and design
Modular pick-and-place devices
Electro-pneumatics : the pneumatic trainer : volume 2 : seminar on the introduction to electropneumatics with exercises and answers
Restructuring of hydraulic and pneumaticcabinet : automation module equipment
Pneumatic systems : principles and maintenance
Introduction to electro-pneumatics
The Twelfth Scandinavian International Conference on Fluid Power, SICFP'11, May 18-20, 2011, Tampere, Finland : proceedings of the conference. Volume 4
Advancement on Drilling Technology in Petroleum Industry
Closed-loop pneumatics : workbook basic level
Metallintyöstökoneet : turvallisuus : pneumaattiset puristimet = Safety of machine tools : pneumatic presses
Pneumatic servo-controlled material testing device capable of operating at high temperature water and irradiation conditions
The pneumatic trainer. Volume 5, Fieldbus technology in pneumatics : information and instruction book about the basic of the Fieldbus technology and the application in pneumatics
Hydraulics and pneumatics : a technician ́s and engineer ́s guide
Proceedings of the Eighth Workshop on Digital Fluid Power (DFP16): May 24-25, 2016, Tampere, Finland
Fluid power : theory and applications
Engineering applications of pneumatics & hydraulics
Modeling and control of a pneumatic muscle actuator
Fundamentals of pneumatic control engineering : text book
Pneumatics : workbook : basic level
Mechatronics : electrical control systems in mechanical engineering
Power pneumatics
