http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13740 helicopters
helicopters
Jane's all the world's aircraft. 1983-84
The Guinness book of helicopter : facts and feats
Modelling and control of mini-flying machines
Lamor Subsea makes uses of its expertise in submarine technology
This final thesis was a literal investigation about the effects of vibration to helicopter systems. The objective was to examine the vibration test result of the NH-90 multi-mission helicopter done by the Finnish Institute of Occupation Health and determine if the vibration measured would possess any threats to the helicopters systems and avionics. The basic information about vibration in helicopter was collected using various literal sources like standards and books. The information about the actual threats caused by vibration to modern avionics was gathered from various university studies and other related articles. This was because the concept of how vibration may cause a threat to modern avionics is still considered rather fresh and the information was not that easy to achieve with the resources at hand. The test results were provided by the Finnish Institute of Occupation Health. During the investigation it became clear that the vibration tests done by the Finnish Institute of Occupation Health was a rather narrow for this kind of investigation to be inclusive. Therefore, the objective of this work was not totally achieved and another vibration test must be done to achieve total satisfaction. Some ideas for the next possible vibration test are represented at the end of this work.
COMBAT AIRCRAFT
I didn't know that some planes hover
Military helicopters
Basic helicopter aerodynamics
Modern military aircraftT
Planes, choppers & watercraft : learn to draw 22 different subjects, step by easy step, shape by simple shape!
Israel's Air Force : 1948 to Today
Visually exciting, highly informative, fun and accessible with photographs, illustrated diagrams and comic strips, this title is full of information on helicopters. Ages 7+
Milestones of manned flight : the ages of flight from the Wright brothers to stealth technology
Modern attack helicopters
Aircraft and flight
Modern Fightning Helicopters
Bramwell's helicopter dynamics
Combat Helicopters
Helicopter obstacle warning system
The illustrated encyclopedia...commerc. aircraft
IHS Jane's all the world's aircraft. 2012-2013, Development & production
Planes, rockets and other flying machines
Fighting helicopters of the 20th century
The Illustrated Encyclopedia of the World's Modern Military Aircraft
Helicopters : modern civil and military rotorcraft
Milestones of the first century of flight
The helicopter pilot's companion : a manual for helicopter enthusiasts
Helicopters at war
Military rotorcraft
Major trauma in Northern Finland
An Illustrated Guide to Military Helicopters
World encyclopedia of civil and military helic
The helicopter pilot's manual
HELICOPTERS OF THE WORLD
THE ILLUSTRATED HISTORY OF HELICOPTERS
Supporting Finnish helicopter tactics with GIS analysis : some opportunities in the future
First book of aircraft
Choppers : thunder in the sky
Flight physics : introduction to disciplines and technology of aircraft flight
The art of the helicopter
Diary of a pilot
Transport aircraft and specialized carriers
Brassey's world aircraft & systems directory. 1996/97
1001 images of aircraft
Helicopter flight dynamics : the theory and application of flying qualities and simulation modelling
Flight performance of fixed and rotary wing aircraft
Aircraft
Presents step-by-step instructions for drawing twenty-two different vehicles, including the original Wright Brothers' plane, a classic ocean liner, a search-and-rescue helicopter, different ships, and a variety of jet and propellor aircraft.
Aces High
Twenty-first century military helicopters : today's fighting gunships
Modern Fighting Helicopters : [A Superbly illustrated analysis of today's versatile military rotocraft, their weapons systems and combat tactics]
Use of vibration analysis in MD 500 helicopter maintenance
Basic helicopter aerodynamics : an account of first principles in the fluid mechanics and flight dynamics of the single rotor helicopter
The helicopter pilot's manual. Volume 1 : Principles of flight and helicopter handling
Helicopter operations at sea  : a guide for industry
Autonomous flying robots : unmanned aerial vehicles and micro aerial vehicles
Advances in unmanned aerial vehicles : state of the art and the road to autonomy
Materials management at NH90 production line: : logistics behind helicopter assembly
The aviation factfile helicopters : military, civilian and rescue rotocraft
The helicopter : an illustrated history of rotary-winged aircraft
How to draw & fight zombies
Helicopter maintenance
Predator one : a Joe Ledger novel
The helicopter : An illustrated history
Helicopters and autogyros of the world
Quo vadis Finnish army aviation?
Aircraft recognition guide
Interpretive history of flight : a survey of the history and development of aeronautics with particular reference to contemporary influences and conditions
Planes and helicopters
Jane's all the world's aircraft
Basic helicopter handbook
Twenty-first century warplanes and helicopters
Aerial firepower
The international directory of civil aircraft. 1997/98
Apache air assault : PlayStation 3
Aviation : the world's aircraft A - Z
Aircraft : [discover everything you ever wanted to know about aircraft ... ]
Air and space travel
French airmobility
Flying model helicopters
Helicopters of the world
On miniature wings : model aircraft of the National air and space museum
Bosnia country handbook : peace Implementation Force (IFOR)
Modern helicopters
Jane's aircraft recognition guide
Light-weight multicopter structural design for energy saving
The picture world of helicopters
Flight : the complete history
Vibration effects on helicopter systems
Principles of helicopter flight
Battlefield helicopters
Helicopter instructor's handbook
The German approach towards air mechanization
Flying the helicopter
Schlüter's radio controlled helicopter manual
Principles of helicopter aerodynamics
The observer's book of aircraft
Who can a seaman rely upon
Learn to draw planes, choppers & watercraft : learn to draw 22 different subjects, step by easy step, shape by simple shape!
The helicopter pilot's manual. Volume 2 : Powerplants, instruments and hydraulics
Apache
