http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13734 press photographs
press photographs
An independent eye : A century of photographs
The world in Vogue : people, parties, places
The best of Sports Illustrated
The New York Times Magazine photographs
World press photo 05.
Eesti pressifoto ... = Estonian press photography ...
Competing eyes : visual encounters with alterity in Central and Eastern Europe
Photo-journalism : developing style in creative photography
150 years of photo journalism. Volume 1
Images as proof : photographic portrayal of catastrophes in Helsingin Sanomat, 1969-1979
Pictures on a page : photo-journalism, graphics and picture-editing
Magazine design : how to affect a reader's values? : a study based on the project of creating design for the Ympäristö magazine
Decades of our lives : classic, rare, and unseen 90s
World Press Photo 13
War images : fabricating reality
From City to Image : two grazy journeus into unexplored frontiers of graphic design
The PGB photo award : the photographers giving back award 2009
Cartoon fables : animal symbolism in Kukryniksy's Pravda political cartoons, 1965-1982
Eyes of time : photojournalism in America
A short history of press photography
The liberation of Europe : the photographers who captured history from D-Day to Berlin
Photographers at work : a sociology of photographic styles
Magnum Magnum : with 413 photographs in colour and duotone
Personalities of Russian amateur botany, 1. Leontius Petrovich Alexandrov (1857-1929), and the neglected protologue of Alchemilla propinqua H.Lindb.
The Best magazine design : photography, illustration, infographics & digital
Tai Lietuva : lietuvos spaudos fotografija 2007 = Lithuania in action : Lithuanian press photography 2007.
The state of the world : with 537 colour illustrations
Getting the picture : visual culture of the news
Things as they are
Remote sensing of leaf area index : enhanced retrieval from close-range and remotely sensed optical observations
Decades of our lives : classic, rare, and unseen 2000s
World Press photo. 1989
The Best of Life
The society of publication designers 43rd publication design annual
National Geographic stunning photographs
Life : faces
World Press Photo. 1996, [Yearbook]
Images of our times : sixty years of photography from the Los Angeles Times
Lehtikuvan aika : suomalaisen kuvajournalismin vuodet = The era of the press photograph : Finnish press photography over the years
John Heartfield : laughter is a devastating weapon : his original photomontages and printed matter from the Akademie der Künste Berlin and the David King Collection at Tate Modern
LIFE photographers : what they saw
The classic collection
Artists & illustrators : e-lehti
From the picture press
The best of Life
World press photo 12
50 Jahre im Bild : Bundesrepublik Deutschland = 50 years in pictures : Federal Republic of Germany
English summary: Support in the interpretation of journalistic photographs. A proposal as a genre design for the enhancement of media literacy.
Photographs
The PGB photo book 2 : Photographers giving back award 2010
"Born in Berlin in 1891, John Heartfield, along with George Grosz, is widely considered to have invented photomontage, a technique of cutting up and manipulating photographs. During the 1930s Heartfield produced some of the most visually arresting and politically hard-hitting artwork of the twentieth century, appropriating the widely circulated propaganda of the time to create a biting critique of contemporary politics. This lavishly illustrated, large-format survey of his work, the most authoritative yet published, draws on the superlative collections of the Academie der Kunst, Berlin, and the David King collection at Tate Modern. Including more than 150 full-colour reproductions of Heartfield's powerful work, both in its original and printed forms, as well as documentary photographs and recollections from Heartfield's surviving family members, the book features a lively introduction by David King, as well as illuminating short texts on many of the works. Heartfield's astonishing visual broadsides, aimed at the abuse and misuse of power, and part of his lifelong wish to create a fairer and more peaceful world, are every bit as relevant and cutting-edge today as when they were first published."--Publisher's description.
History of the world in photographs
World Press Photo 17
ODYSSEY : THE ART OF PHOTOGRAPHY AT NATIONAL..
The instant it happened
Photojournalism : the world's top photographers and the stories behind their greatest images
World press photo. 04
The burden of visual truth : the role of photojournalism in mediating reality
100 years of magazine covers
Photos that changed the world
The newspaper designer's handbook
The Copy Book
"Powerful and often controversial, news pictures promise to make the world at once immediate and knowable. Yet while many great writers and thinkers have evaluated photographs of atrocity and crisis, few have sought to set these images in a broader context by defining the rich and diverse history of news pictures in their many forms.For the first time, this volume defines what counts as a news picture, how pictures are selected and distributed, where they are seen and how we critique and value them. Presenting the best new thinking on this fascinating topic, this book considers the news picture over time, from the dawn of the illustrated press in the nineteenth century, through photojournalism's heyday and the rise of broadcast news and newsreels in the twentieth century and into today's digital platforms. It examines the many kinds of images: sport, fashion, society, celebrity, war, catastrophe and exoticism; and many mediums, including photography, painting, wood engraving, film and video. Packed with the best research and full colour-illustrations throughout, this book will appeal to students and readers interested in how news and history are key sources of our rich visual culture"
World press photo 2000
Between the wars 1919-1938 : A chronicle of peacetime
Magnum : fifty years at the front line of history
Marilyn : in the flash : her love affair with the press 1945-1962
Body work : the social construction of women's body image
World press photo 1999
War photography : realism in the British press
All about mags
The art of punk
"And now to the rest of the trash..." : representations of begging Roma and an ideal society in two Nordic newspapers
Photojournalism : the professionals' approach
100 Photographs that changed the world
Moments : the Pulitzer prize-winning photographs : a visual chronicle of our time
Photojournalism : the visual approach
The great Life photographers
World press photo 07
Covering the real : Kunst und Pressebild : von Warhol bis Tillmans = art and the press picture : from Warhol to Tillmans [Kunstmuseum Basel, 1.5. - 21.8.2005] / [Herausgeber = editor Hartwig Fischer]
American photojournalism comes of age
English summary: The paradox of a news photograph. Exploring the concept of objectivity in history and in today's photojournalism.
Magazines have undergone a major upheaval in the last decade as online sources of content have appropriated readership and traditional sources of revenue have dried up. And yet, new magazines continue to appear that challenge the status quo and thrive in todays marketplace. If anything the trend has been towards larger, more premium glossies where art direction is as important as journalism. Grouped into design, life, fashion and photography, they represent some of the leaders in editorial design. Surviving not just in newsstands and airports, but in fashion boutiques and furniture stores, museum shops and galleries, they continue to expand their penetration and enthrall new readers. Featured magazines include Apartamento, Clone, Colors, Creative Review, IdN, Novum, Picnic, Schn, Zink and many more.
Press photography : reporting with a camera
Harry Benson on photojournalism
The best of life
Moments in time : photos and stories from one of America's top photojournalists
People in Vogue : a century of portraits
Great magazine covers of the world
World press photo 11.
Leontius Petrovich Alexandrov (1857-1929) was a paediatric surgeon (in urology) in Moscow. As an amateur botanist he collected plants in 1914-1924, mostly Alchemilla, in Moscow and its nearest vicinities, as well as in the former Yaroslavl, Vyatka and Perm Regions. His collections, including types of Alchemilla, are housed at the Komarov Botanical Institute (LE) and the Herbarium of the Museum of History and Culture of the Central Kama Region in Sarapul, Udmurt Republic, Russia....
"Wang Changcheng neiwai" : Zheng Ming de xinwen sheying shidian =  "Looking at the views on the two sides of the Great Wall" : Zheng Ming's focus of vision in news photography
Photojournalism and today's news : creating visual reality
Life faces
American photography : 14.
World Press Photo 10.
From Homo Sapiens to Photo Sapiens? : The Role of Amateur Images in the Free Newspaper Metro
Capture the moment : the Pulitzer Prize photographs
Apollo : the international magazine of the arts
Contains the best press photographs from the year 2016 - pictures submitted by photojournalists, picture agencies, newspapers and magazines throughout the world.
Photojournalism : the world's greatest news photographers
The photographs of Margaret Bourke-White
World press photo 09.
Global war - local views : media images of the Iraq war
Rolling stone : Images of rock & roll
Great moments in news photography : from the historical files of the National Press Photographers Association
Reduced simple ratio better than NDVI for estimating LAI in Finnish pine and spruce stands
Illustrated journalism : a practical manual
Soldiers : the nineties
Truth needs no ally : inside photojournalism
Interpretation of journalistic photographs as an instrument of visual literacy education
