http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13771 intellectualism
intellectualism
The Cambridge introduction to literature and the environment
The rise of writing : redefining mass literacy
St Petersburg : shadows of the past
Christianity and culture in the Middle Ages : essays to honor John Van Engen
Breathing under water : and other East European essays
The American transcendentalists : essential writings
Ideas and contexts in France and England from the Renaissance to the romantics
Medieval literature and culture
Music and the origins of language : theories from the French Enlightenment
A companion to the global Renaissance : English literature and culture in the era of expansion
The wahhabis seen through European eyes (1772-1830) : deists and puritans of islam
There were eighty of them. They were young, clever and cultivated; they were barely in their thirties when Adolf Hitler came to power. Their university studies in law, economics, linguistics, philosophy and history marked them out for brilliant careers. They chose to join the repressive bodies of the Third Reich, especially the Security Service (SD) and the Nazi Party's elite protection unit, the SS. They theorized and planned the extermination of twenty million individuals of allegedly inferior races. Most of them became members of the paramilitary death squads known as Einsatzgruppen and participated in the slaughter of over a million people. Based on extensive archival research, Christian Ingrao tells the gripping story of these children of the Great War, focusing on the networks of fellow activists, academics and friends in which they moved, studying the way in which they envisaged war and the world of enemies which, in their view, threatened them. The mechanisms of their political commitment are revealed, and their roles in Nazism and mass murder. Thanks to this pioneering study, we can now understand how these men came to believe what they did, and how these beliefs became so destructive. The history of Nazism, shows Ingrao, is also a history of beliefs in which a powerful military machine was interwoven with personal experiences, fervour, anguish, utopia and cruelty.
Legislators and interpreters : on modernity, post-modernity and intellectuals
Black women's intellectual traditions : speaking their minds
Africa after modernism : transitions in literature, media, and philosophy
Believe and destroy : intellectuals in the SS war machine
Prophecy and reason : the Dutch collegiants in the early enlightment
The engaged intellect : philosophical essays
Marcus Garvey
Everything was forever, until it was no more : the last Soviet generation
Wild heart : a life : Natalie Clifford Barney's journey from Victorian America to Belle Epoque Paris
A history of seventeenth-century English literature
Intellectual traditions in Islam
Barthes : selected writings
The weight of glory and other addresses
John Capgrave's fifteenth century
Eighteenth-century periodicals as agents of change : perspectives on northern enlightenment
Global intellectual history
Media, culture and society : a critical reader
The left side of history : World War II and the unfulfilled promise of communism in Eastern Europe
The modernist imagination : intellectual history and critical theory : essays in honor of Martin Jay
The Chomsky reader
Alexandria : a cultural and religious melting pot
"Eighteenth-century periodicals as agents of change: Perspectives on Northern Enlightenment" offers new accounts of the impact of Enlightenment ideas in Scandinavia, with a particular focus on the transnational and revolutionary role of the new periodical press.
Cultural cabaret : Russian and American essays for Richard Stites
The Cambridge companion to the fin de siècle
Reactionary modernism : technology, culture, and politics in Weimar and the Third Reich
The Chinese enlightenment : intellectuals and the legacy of the May Fourth movement of 1919
Inventing Bergson : cultural politics and the Parisian avant-garde
L. H. Nicolay (1737-1820) and his contemporaries
A commonwealth of knowledge : science, sensibility, and white South Africa, 1820 - 2000
Reconceiving the Renaissance : a critical reader
The French Riviera : a cultural history
America in the 1920s
The sociology of intellectual life : the career of the mind in and around the academy
Edward Said : continuing the conversation
Calvet's web : Enlightenment and the republic of letters in eighteenth-century France
The nation conceived : learning, education, and nationhood in American historical novels of the 1820s
Daily life through world history in primary documents. Vol. 2, The Middle Ages and Renaissance
European encounters with the New World : from Renaissance to Romanticism
Toward another shore : Russian thinkers between necessity and chance
Globalization and the Muslim world : culture, religion, and modernity
International handbook of intelligence
The Columbia history of twentieth-century French thought
Humanism and democratic criticism
Fictional and historical worlds
The world republic of letters
Encyclopedia of American Indian literature
Bayle, Jurieu, and the Dictionnaire historique et critique
Seeing other : questioning Europa
The history of western liberalism
Inventing herself : claiming a feminist intellectual heritage
This almost chosen people : essays in the history of American ideas
The development of Shakespeare's rhetoric : a study of nine plays
How the West won : the neglected story of the triumph of modernity
Adorno in America
Anti-intellectualism in American life
Heirs to forgotten kingdoms : journeys into the disappearing religions of the Middle East
The opium of the intellectuals
The degrading environment of the planet is something that touches everyone. This book offers an introductory overview of literary and cultural criticism that concerns environmental crisis in some form. Both as a way of reading texts and as a theoretical approach to culture more generally, 'ecocriticism' is a varied and fast-changing set of practices which challenges inherited thinking and practice in the reading of literature and culture. This introduction defines what ecocriticism is, its methods, arguments and concepts, and will enable students to look at texts in a wholly new way. Boxed sections explain key critical terms and contemporary debates in the field with 'hands-on' examples and comparisons. Timothy Clark's thoughtful approach makes this an ideal first encounter with environmental readings of literature.
The existentialist moment : the rise of Sartre as a public intellectual
The poetry of thought : from Hellenism to Celan
Intellectual History : 5 questions
The intellectual stranger : studies in spokespersonship
Russia's new fin de siècle : contemporary culture between past and present
Mind matters : studies of medieval and early-modern intellectual history in honour of Marcia Colish
Daily life through world history in primary documents. vol. 3, The modern world
Urban triage : race and the fictions of multiculturalism
Sure to take its place alongside the literary landmarks of modern feminism, Elaine Showalter's brilliant, provocative work chronicles the roles of feminist intellectuals from the eighteenth century to the present. With sources as diverse as "A Vindication of the Rights of Woman" and "Scream 2, Inventing Herself" is an expansive and timely exploration of women who possess a boundless determination to alter the world by boldly experiencing love, achievement, and fame on a grand scale. These women tried to work, travel, think, love, and even die in ways that were ahead of their time. In doing so, they forged an epic history that each generation of adventurous women has rediscovered. Focusing on paradigmatic figures ranging from Mary Wollstonecraft and Margaret Fuller to Germaine Greer and Susan Sontag, preeminent scholar Elaine Showalter uncovers common themes and patterns of these women's lives across the centuries and discovers the feminist intellectual tradition they embodied. The author brilliantly illuminates the contributions of Eleanor Marx, Zora Neale Hurston, Simone de Beauvoir, Margaret Mead, and many more. Showalter, a highly regarded critic known for her provocative and strongly held opinions, has here established a compelling new Who's Who of women's thought. Certain to spark controversy, the omission of such feminist perennials as Susan B. Anthony, Eleanor Roosevelt, and Virginia Woolf will surprise and shock the conventional wisdom. This is not a history of perfect women, but rather of real women, whose mistakes and even tragedies are instructive and inspiring for women today who are still trying to invent themselves.
Graham Greene : fictions, faith and authorship
Where have all the intellectuals gone? : a journey through the land of the philistines
Alehouses and good fellowship in early modern England
The mauve decade : American life at the end of the nineteenth century
Shakespeare the thinker
Rejecting the prevalent view of Capgrave as predictably conservative, John Capgrave's Fifteenth Century contributes to a broader appraisal of fifteenth-century culture and offers a fresh view of orthodoxy and dissent in pre-Reformation England.
Marquesan encounters : Melville and the meaning of civilization
Cultural theory and cultural change
Mothers and daughters : women of the intelligentsia in nineteenth-century Russia
The clockwork universe : Isaac Newton, the Royal Society, and the birth of the modern world
Daily life through world history in primary documents. Vol. 1, The ancient world
Belle Epoque : Paris in the nineties
Despite its reputation for religious intolerance, the Middle East has long sheltered many distinctive and strange faiths: one regards the Greek prophets as incarnations of God, another reveres Lucifer in the form of a peacock, and yet another believes that their followers are reincarnated beings who have existed in various forms for thousands of years. These religions represent the last vestiges of the magnificent civilizations in ancient history: Persia, Babylon, Egypt in the time of the Pharaohs. Their followers have learned how to survive foreign attacks and the perils of assimilation. But today, with the Middle East in turmoil, they face greater challenges than ever before.
Intellectuals in the Middle Ages
Vanguards of modernity : society, intellectuals, and the university
Heidegger and modernity
The American uses of history : essays on public memory
A companion to the philosophy of literature
Spirit and system : media, intellectuals, and the dialectic in modern German culture
Culture and identity : Japanese intellectuals during the interwar years
Preparing liberty in Central Europe : political texts from the spring of nations 1848 to the spring of Prague 1968
Telling our stories : continuities and divergences in Black autobiographies
Cunning passages : new historicism, cultural materialism and Marxism in the contemporary debate
Thinking about the Enlightenment : modernity and its ramifications
The reckless mind : intellectuals in politics
Mapping St. Petersburg : imperial text and cityshape
Popular culture in the ancient world
The captive mind
McLuhan's global village today : transatlantic perspectives
Eliot and his age : T.S. Eliot's moral imagination in the twentieth century
By fables alone : literature and state ideology in late-eighteenth - early-nineteenth-century Russia
Creative fidelity : American Catholic intellectual traditions
Hope and despair : English-speaking intellectuals and South African politics 1896-1976
Careerism and intellectualism among college students
The American intellectual tradition : a sourcebook. Vol. 1, 1630-1865
Idiot America : how stupidity became a virtue in the land of the free
The Enlightenment : a sourcebook and reader
The scenic imagination : originary thinking from Hobbes to the present day
The Conway letters : the correspondence of Anne, Viscountess Conway, Henry More, and their friends 1642-1684
Vanguards of modernity : society, intellectuals and the university
Environmental criticism is a relatively new discipline that brings the global problem of environmental crisis to the forefront of literary and cultural studies. This introduction defines what ecocriticism is and provides a set of conceptual tools to encourage students to look at the texts they're reading in a new way.
Great women travel writers : from 1750 to the present
Explaining postmoderism : skepticism and socialism from Rousseau to Foucault
A history of Western literature : from medieval epic to modern poetry
Meiroku Zasshi : journal of the Japanese enlightenment
Modernism as a philosophical problem : on the dissatisfactions of European high culture
Paths of American thought
New women's writing in Russia, Central and Eastern Europe : gender, generation and identities
Reading orientalism : said and the unsaid
History of shit
Catholics, Anglicans, and Puritans : seventeenth century essays
