http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13745 water economy
water economy water resources engineering
Effects of developing country policies on agricultural services, extension, rural infrastructure and energy, health care, water and sanitation
Fundamentals of soil science
Abstract.
Development policy implementation : a view from the peripherya
[sup 238]U-series radionuclides in Finnish groundwater-based drinking water and effective doses
Proceedings SUSDEV-CHINA Symposium : sustainable agroecosystem management and development of rural-urban interaction in regions and cities of China
Climatic change : implications for the hydrological cycle and for water management
SELF-DESIGNED WASTEWATER TREATMENT SYSTEM FOR DOMESTIC WASTEWATER : Wastewater treatment in areas outside sewer networks in Kokkola
Towards effective water policy in the Asian and Pacific region : proceedings of the Regional Consultation Workshop, Towards a Policy for Water Resources Development and Management in the Asian and Pacific Region ... , Manila 10-14 May, 1996. Vol. 1, Overview of issues and recommendations
Summary: Moisture conditions in Finnish topsoils.
Microbially available phosphorus in drinking water
Aquaculture and water resource management
Modeling, assessments and cost-effectiveness analysis of constructed wetlands and active methods for the treatment of runoff from agricultural areas : final report of the Active Wetlands Interreg
Sustainable water management : challenges, technologies and solutions
Global International Waters Assessment. Regional assessment 43, Lake Chad Basin
Abatement costs for agricultural nitrogen and phosphorus loads : a case study of crop farming in south-western Finland
Municipal entrepreneurialism and the commercialization of the Finnish water sector
Water use efficiency in plant biology
Water management in 2020 and beyond
Report of the Second External Programme and Management Review of the International Water Management Institute (IWMI)
Water reports
Microbial communities in drinking water systems analysed by lipid biomarkers
Water dynamics in plant production
Global International Waters Assessment. Regional assessment 54, South China Sea
With reference to the Project area in India, Bangladesh, and Nepal.
The inland waters of tropical Africa : an introduction to tropical limnology
Summary (s. 19-35).
Water relations of plants and soils
Responses of silver birch saplings to low soil temperature
African water resource database : GIS-based tools for inland aquatic resource management. 1, Concepts and application case studies
Research towards integrated natural resources management : examples of research problems, approaches and partnerships in action in the CGIAR
Report on the FAO/Finland training course in forestry and watershed management for Asia and the Pacific region Katmandu, Nepal 19-31 May 1985.
Effect of meteorological conditions and water management on hydrological processes in agricultural fields : parameterization and modeling of Estonian case studies
Economics of water resources
Conservation biology of the great crested newt in managed boreal forests in Finland
Rotavirus in drinking water : molecular methods for measurement of infectivity
Water environment research
Resources and livelihood in mountain areas of South East Asia : farming and rural systems in a changing environment
Towards sustainable and strategic management of water resources
Water and society in early medieval Italy : AD 400-1000
Supplemental irrigation in the Near East and North Africa : proceedings of a Workshop on regional consultation on supplemental irrigation, ICARDA and FAO, Rabat, Morocco, 7-9 December, 1987
"Few people actively engaged in India's water sector would deny that the Indian subcontinent faces serious problems in the sustainable use and management of water resources. Water resources in India have been subjected to tremendous pressures from increasing population, urbanization, industrialization, and modern agricultural methods. The inadequate access to clean drinking water, increase in water related disasters such as floods and droughts, vulnerability to climate change and competition for the resource amongst different sectors and the region poses immense pressures for sustainability of water systems and humanity. Water Security in India addresses these issues head on, analyzing the challenges that contemporary India faces if it is to create a water-secure world, and providing a hopeful, though guarded, road-map to a future in which India's life-giving and life-sustaining fresh water resources are safe, clean, plentiful, and available to all, secured for the people in a peaceful and ecologically sustainable manner"--
Global International Waters Assessment. Regional assessment 47, East African Rift Valley Lakes
Preparing national regulations for water resources management : principles and practice
Wastewater characteristics, treatment and disposal
Wood-water relations
Recource mobilization for sustainable management : proceedings of a workshop on major irrigation schemes in Sri Lanka at Kandy, Sri Lanka 22-24 February 1990.
Shoot hydraulic conductance and stomatal conductance of six temperate deciduous tree species
Global International Waters Assessment. Regional assessment 30, Sea of Okhotsk
Handbook of applied hydrology : a compendium of water-resources technology
Corporate water strategies
Soil management and crop water supply
Rethinking the approach to groundwater and food seurity
More people, less erosion : environmental recovery in Kenya
The arctic region is predicted to experience the earliest and most pronounced global warming response to human-induced climatic change. This book synthesizes information on the physiological ecology of arctic plants, discusses how physiological processes influence ecosystem processes, and explores how climate warming will affect arctic plants, plant communities, and ecosystem processes. It reviews the physiological ecology of arctic plants. It explores biotic controls over community and ecosystems processes. It provides physiological bases for predicting how the Arctic will respond to global climate change.
Climatic sensitivity of hydrology and carbon exchanges in boreal peatland ecosystems, with implications on sustainable management of reed canary grass (Phalaris arundinacea, L.) on cutaway peatlands
Policy and strategic behaviour in water resource management
Drinking water quality and network materials in Finland : summary report
African water resource database : GIS-based tools for inland aquatic resource management. 2, Technical manual and workbook
Global International Waters Assessment. Regional assessment 40b, Amazon Basin
Management of bushland vegetation using rainwater harvesting in eastern Kenya
Roots, nutrient and water influx, and plant growth : proceedings of a symposium in Anheim, CA, 28 Nov. - 3 Dec. 1982.
Bericht 12. Lysimetertagung am 17. und 18. April 2007 an der HBLA Raumberg-Gumpenstein : Lysimetertagung Lysimetrie im Konnex zu nationalen und internationalen Regelwerken = Lysimeter in the scope of national and international regulations
Water for agriculture : facing the limits
Farmers' practices and soil and water conservation programs : summary proceedings of a workshop
Towards more appropriate technologies? : experiences from the water and sanitation sector
Physiological ecology of forest production : principles, processes and models
Active Wetlands : the use of chemical amendments to intercept phosphate runoffs in agricultural catchments : final report of the Active Wetlands Interreg IVA project
Advancing toward closed models of forest ecosystems
Economic instruments for the sustainable management of natural resources : a case study on the Philippines' forestry sector
Framing the water and sanitation challenge : a history of urban water supply and sanitation in Ghana 1909-2005
Water resources management and the environment
The learning society and the water-environment : proceedings of the International Symposium, Paris, 2-4 June 1999 = La société cognitive et les problèmes de l'eau
"This publication fills a void of practical guidelines for the construction of small earth dams. It presents readers with sound, reliable and practical source material to improve dam siting and design capacity in rural areas, to introduce a beneficiary and gender sensitive approach and to enhance safety and competence in construction. A section also provides convenient guidance on costing, drafting tenders and awarding contracts. The manual is primarily aimed at technicians and others with knowledge of engineering and basic irrigation systems and processes to apply the concepts, techniques and methods proposed, using simple and straightforward design and construction procedures."--Publisher's description.
Studies on the detection methods of Campylobacter and faecal indicator bacteria in drinking water
Rural methods to mitigate arsenic contaminated water
High latitude agriculture is rainfed. Climate change could, however, increase water deficiency and initiate a call for development of irrigation systems as a part of field water management systems. This study aimed to develop a basic understanding about the current state of irrigation potential according to region by monitoring proximity of fields to waterways and characterizing their general conditions. One third of Finnish fields are in direct contact with a shoreline of an inland waterway. This coupled with Finland being water-rich country may improve adaptive capacity to cope with the potentially harmful impacts of climate change in the future. However, there are marked differences between regions in access to water resources. Findings of this survey will serve as background information needed to assess future needs for introduction of irrigation and to evaluate the opportunities to close yield gaps and improve yield stability through irrigation.
Decision-making process of internationalization : Canadian water heater markets
Global International Waters Assessment. Regional assessment 62, Pacific Islands
Publications of the Water and Environment Research Institute
Water scarcity in the Arab world
Tracing activation efficiency of the bio-filtration bacteria in a recirculating aquaculture system using stable isotope analysis
Ditch cleaning and additional ditching in peatland forestry - effect on ground water level
Water law, poverty, and development : water sector reforms in India
Measuring the water status of plants and soils
Soil and water conservation in semi-arid areas
From global land grabbing for biofuels to acquisitions of African water for commercial agriculture
Conservation and management of Lake Ladoga
Considerations in formulating the transfer of services in the water sector
The effect of thinning, clear cutting, and fertilization on the hydrology of peatland drained for forestry
Preliminary results from a study on water flow in Sigi and Bombo rivers in the East Usambara mountains
Watershed management : a manual prepared for the Watershed Management Training Center for the Near East, Beirut, Lebanon
The history of snow survey and water supply forecasting : interviews with U.S. Department of Agriculture pioneers
Water and water management for everybody
Global International Waters Assessment. Regional assessment 39, Brazil Current
Guidelines and computer programs for the planning and design of land drainage systems
Potential for sharing of common regional resources in the Eastern Himalayan Region : focus on Sapta Kosi High Dam Project
Stakeholder-oriented valuation to support water resources management processes : confronting concepts with local practice
Nordic journal of freshwater research
Global International Waters Assessment. Regional assessment 23, Caspian Sea
Water economy monitoring for the sustainable management of water resources
Water economy in the life of terrestrial Anuran, the toad Bufo bufo
The institutional economics of water : a cross-country analysis of institutions and performance
"Expansion of biofuel investment in Africa has been supported by indebted poor governments because of perceived potential benefits such as sustainable energy development, support to poor farmers, development of rural economies and reduction of greenhouse gas emissions. However, the intensity of the biofuels political economy in poor countries worsens inequality for the vulnerable poor. This is evidenced by large-scale land acquisitions in Africa for biofuel and crop production primarily for foreign consumption - food, animal feeds and energy crops. The search for land in African countrieshas been triggered by growing concerns over food and energy security in developed countries following the global food crisis of 2008. Moreover, these recent developments in large-scale land acquisitions in Africa are not a new phenomenon, but represent the renewal of old practices incommercial agriculture, which is either conducted through purchases or long-term leases. In addition to biofuel expansion, this study notes that current large-scale land acquisitions in sub-Saharan Africa have been further driven by demands to access water resources for other commercial agricultural crops. The land purchases or leases automatically guarantee access to African water. This demand for water is a response to climate change: most industrialists believe that acquiring land near a main water reservoir will guarantee future agricultural potential. Few analyses have been done on the land-water access nexus. This article considers recent developments in large-scaleland acquisitions in Africa in terms of water security for commercial agriculture to safeguard the production of agricultural crops with a large water footprint. Using political economy analysis, this article examines national policy on these acquisitions, the rights accorded to foreign investors and how land acquisitions undermine indigenous rights to the common resources that have been the mainsource of livelihood in sub-Saharan Africa." --Publisher's description.
Benchmarking water services : guiding water utilities to excellence
Water security in India : hope, despair, and the challenges of human development
Integrated water resources management in South and South-East Asia
Grant assistance (financed by the Japan Fund for Poverty Reduction) to the Kingdom of Nepal for optimizing productivity of poor water user associations : to be implemented in conjunction with the Second Irrigation Sector Project (loan 1437-NEP)
Towards effective water policy in the Asian and Pacific region ... : proceedings of the Regional Consultation Workshop, Towards a Policy for Water Resources Development and Management in the Asian and Pacific Region ... , Manila 10-14 May, 1996. Vol. 3, Theme papers and comments
Forest hydrology and watershed management : proceedings of an international symposium held during the XIXth General Assembly of the International Union of Geodesy and Geophysics at Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada, 9-22 August 1987
Aqualine thesaurus 2
Building services engineering
Electrocoagulation (EC) is an emerging technology that combines the functions and advantages of conventional coagulation, flotation, and electrochemistry in water and wastewater treatment. The aims of this work included doing an updated literary review of recent feasible applications of EC, which were found to be plentiful. Since the economic and practical operational key figures related to EC haven’t been extensively mapped out before, this was a prime objective of this part of the work.The aim of the next part of this work was to find new feasible applications for EC in the treatment of water and wastewater. The studied wastewaters included bio- and synthetic oil-in-water emulsions, various industrial nutrient-containing wastewaters, and peat bog drainage water containing humic substances (an interesting and topical problem, especially in Finland). These studies proved the feasibility of EC. In addition, larger-scale experiments were also conducted successfully, thus proving the scalability of the EC process. Extensive economic analyses of the studied EC applications were also done. The operational costs and energy consumption of EC were found to be very low—typically about 0.1–1.0 €/m3 and 0.4–4.0 kWh/m3.It has been forecasted that in the future there will be a shortage of virgin phosphorus. Therefore, another essential purpose of this work was to conduct a preliminary study on the feasibility of using EC for nutrient (especially phosphorus, but also nitrogen) removal and recovery from different types of real wastewater. Specifically, it may be possible to use EC sludges containing notable amounts of phosphorus and nitrogen as additives in granulated bio ash-based fertilizer products for various applications. This is a novel idea and a “hot topic” in the waste utilization sector and in circular and bioeconomy.^
Agricultural development in the Middle East
Interactive multi-criteria decision analysis in the collaborative management of watercourses
Climate vulnerability : understanding and addressing threats to essential resources. Vol. 5, Vulnerability of water resources to climate
The wealth of waste : the economics of wastewater use in agriculture
Ground water table and water content in peat soil
Relationships between diurnal xylem diameter variation and environmental factors in Scots pine
Water, sanitation, health - for all? : prospects for the international drinking water supply and sanitation decade, 1981-90
Dynamic Hydraulic Monitoring in District Metering Areas
When the rivers run dry : what happens when our water runs out?
The lie of the land : challenging received wisdom on the African environment
Environmental Sustainability of Water Supply Systems Implemented at RWSSP-WN
Retention performance and hydraulic design of constructed wetlands treating runoff waters from arable land
Global International Waters Assessment. Regional assessment 55, Mekong River
Agriculture in Middle East : challenges & possibilities
Case studies on water conservation in the Mediterranean region
Biotic and abiotic processes in eastside ecosystems : the effects of management on soil properties, processes, and productivity
Comparative analysis of Finnish and Russian regulating documents on water supply and drainage of residential buildings
Global International Waters Assessment. Regional assessment 64, Humboldt Current
Irrigation journal
Water, sanitary and waste services for buildings
The water relations of plants : a symposium of the British Ecological Society, London, 5-8 April 1961
Water : the epic struggle for wealth, power, and civilization
Global International Waters Assessment. Regional assessment 11, Barents Sea
Virtual water : tackling the threat to our planet's most precious resourse
Global International Waters Assessment. Regional assessment 38, Patagonian Shelf
Utilization of electrocoagulation for water and wastewater treatment and nutrient recovery:techno-economic studies
Soil hydrological properties and conditions, site preparation, and the long-term performance of planted Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris L.) on upland forest sites in Finnish Lapland
Proximity of waterways to Finnish farmlands and associated characteristics of regional land use
Coping with water scarcity : an action framework for agriculture and food security
Water use in crop production
Global International Waters Assessment. Regional assessment 31, Oyashio Current
Finnish Government contribution in Haiphong Water Supply, Drainage, Sewerage and Sanitation Management Programs in Hai Phong city, Vietnam  : A Case Study
Desert development : proceedings of the second international desert development conference held on 25-31 January in Cairo, Egypt. Part 1, Desert agriculture, ecology and biology
Water resources planning in a changing world : international symposium, Karlsruhe, Germany, June 28-30, 1994 : proceedings
Utilization of electrocoagulation for water and wastewater treatment and nutrient recovery : techno-economic studies
Plant-water relationships in arid and semi-arid conditions : proceedings of the Madrid symposium
Efficient soil water use : the key to sustainable crop production in the dry areas of West Asia, and North and Sub-Saharan Africa : proceedings of the workshops organized by the Optimizing Soil Water Use Consortium, Niamey, Niger, April 26-30, 1998, Amman, Jordan, May 9-13, 1999
Large waterborne epidemic in Pirkanmaa, Finland 2007 : Study on disease burden, health consequences and health-economic costs
Aquaculture : farming aquatic animals and plants
Water for forests and people in the Mediterranean region : a challenging balance
Water Efficiency Enhancement  : Water Efficiency Enhancement in Myyrmäki and Leppävaara Campuses
Development of enhanced analytical methodology in pesticide chemistry
Report of the third Technical Consultation on the Development and Management of the Fisheries of Lake Kariba : Siavongaa, Zambia, 26-27 October, 2006.
Global International Waters assessment. Regional assessment 3a, Caribbean Sea/Small Islands
Symposium on scheduling of irrigation for vegetable crops under field condition, Maratea - Potenza, Italy, 5-9 June 1989 : Vol. 1-2
Forest hydrology : an introduction to water and forests
Model-oriented data analysis with applications to lake and soil water simulation
Vanishing land and water : soil and water conservation in dry lands
From vision to action : a synthesis of experiences in Southeast Asia
Modelling of vegetative filter strips in catchment scale erosin control
Integrated soil and water management for orchard development : role and importance : proceedings of the International Seminar "The role and importance of integrated soil and water management for orchard development" organized by the FAO Land and Water Development Division and the College of Agricultural Sciences, University of Teramo, Italy, 9-10 May 2004, Mosciano S. Angelo, Italy
Irrigation and drainage systems
Governing the blue-green Baltic Sea : societal challenges of marine eutrophication prevention
Value : counting ecosystems as water infrastructure
The efficient use of water in irrigation : principles and practices for improving irrigation in arid and semiarid regions
Soils, water and nutrients in a forest ecosystem in Suriname
Disaster risk management systems analysis : a guide book
SPAC-GROWTH : user's manual
The future of water : a startling look ahead
Arctic ecosystems in a changing climate : an ecophysiological perspective
Summary.
Water quality of peatlands and man's influence on it
The adaptive water resource management handbook
Dokumentation : Wasser, Abwasser = Documentation : water, wastewater
Soil and water conservation engineering
Tropical montane cloud forests
Peat and peatlands diversification and innovation symposium'89 Québec City, Québec, Canada 6-10 August 1989 : proceedings. Vol 1, Peatland forestry
Reengaging in agricultural water management : challenges and options
Global International Waters assessment. Regional assessment 4, Caribbean Islands : [Bahamas, Cuba, Dominican Republic, Haiti, Jamaica, Puerto Rico]
Global International Waters Assessment. Regional assessment 45b, Indian Ocean Islands
Floodplain forest ecosystem. 2, After water management measures
Transport processes in wood
Agricultural water management
Role of social organizers in assinting farmer-managed irrigation systems : proceedings of a regional workshop of the farmer-managed irrigation system network at Khon Kaen, Thailand from 15 to 20 May 1989
Water challange badge
Towards effective water policy in the Asian and Pacific region ... : proceedings of the Regional Consultation Workshop, Towards a Policy for Water Resources Development and Management in the Asian and Pacific Region ... , Manila 10-14 May, 1996. Vol. 2, Country papers
The impact of afforestation and forestry practice on freshwater habitats
Trees in a changing environment : ecophysiology, adaptation, and future survival
Production of energy material by forest stands as related to supply of soil water
Advancements in IIMI's research 1992 : a selection of papers presented at the internal Program Reviewinternal program review
Studies on groundwater recharge in Finland, Norway and Sweden : proceedings of a workshop, Mariehamn, Åland, Finland, 25-26 September 1986
Manual on small earth dams : a guide to siting, design and construction
Global International Waters Assessment. Regional assessment 65, Eastern Equatorial Pacific
Groundwater management : the search for practical approaches
Review of world water resources by country
Plant-water relationships in arid and semi-arid conditions : reviews of research
The Nile basin : national determinants of collective action
Environmental effects of afforestation in North-Western Europe : from field observations to decision support
