http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13700 special areas
special areas
State of Alaska : map B
The heritage of war
An archaeology of the troubles : the dark heritage of Long Kesh/Maze Prison
Places of pain and shame : dealing with "difficult heritage"
Archaeologies of internment
The internment of civilian and military prisoners became an increasingly common feature of conflicts in the twentieth century and into the twenty-first. Prison camps, though often hastily constructed and just as quickly destroyed, have left their marks in the archaeological record. Due to both their temporary nature and their often sensitive political contexts, places of internment present a unique challenge to archaeologists and heritage managers. As archaeologists have begun to explore the material remains of internment using a range of methods, these interdisciplinary studies have demonstrated the potential to connect individual memories and historical debates to the fragmentary material remains. Archaeologies of Internment brings together in one volume a range of methodological and theoretical approaches to this developing field. The contributions are geographically and temporally diverse, ranging from Second World War internment in Europe and the USA to prison islands of the Greek Civil War, South African labor camps, and the secret detention centers of the Argentinean Junta and the East German Stasi. These studies have powerful social, cultural, political, and emotive implications, particularly in societies in which historical narratives of oppression and genocide have themselves been suppressed. By repopulating the historical narratives with individuals and grounding them in the material remains, it is hoped that they might become, at least in some cases, archaeologies of liberation.
This volume reveals the seminal role of material culture in understanding the Long Kesh / Maze prison during the course of the Troubles in Northern Ireland continuing into the peace process. Using a multitude of sources, it provides an interpretation of the Troubles and the continuing destabilizing role of material remnants of the conflict.
Geographies of exclusion : society and difference in the West
Russian special economic zones as targets for foreign direct investment
Places of Pain and Shame is a cross-cultural study of sites that represent painful and/or shameful episodes in a national or local community's history, and the ways that government agencies, heritage professionals and the communities themselves seek to remember, commemorate and conserve these cases - or, conversely, choose to forget them. Such episodes and locations include: massacre and genocide sites, places related to prisoners of war, civil and political prisons, and places of 'benevolent' internment such as leper colonies and lunatic asylums. These sites bring shame upon us now for the cruelty and futility the events that occurred within them and the ideologies they represented.
The large-scale internment of civilians and soldiers is one of the defining characteristics of social and military conflict in the modern world. These internment camps, often hastily constructed and just as hastily destroyed after a conflict, create a significant but brief mark on the archaeological record. Due to both their temporary nature and often sensitive political circumstances, internment camps present a unique archaeological challenge. This innovative work explores the specific methods and theoretical approaches involved in the archaeology of internment camps, and presents a rare exploration of previously unexplored and under-explored archaeological sites. The contributions to this work cover international cases including Cold War prisons of eastern Berlin, concentration camps at Auschwitz, Japanese American internment camps in World War II, as well as Northern Ireland, Lapland, The Isle of Man, Argentina, Spain, and Fort Hood, Texas. The diverse set of case studies are thematically linked, resulting in a coherent set of methodologies and approaches. The archaeology of internment is an emergent interest area that builds on well-defined, established, fields of study. In many cases archaeologists are beginning to explore the material remains using the full scope of archaeological methodology, as well as the historical and oral-historical sources that are the privilege of historical archaeologists. These interdisciplinary studies have the unique ability to connect traumatic memories and historical outrages to fragments of material remains. These processes have powerful political, social and affective implications, particularly in societies where amnesia is institutional or where only certain historical narratives are permitted. This archaeology of internment camps puts the people back into the picture, and in so doing, might even become an archaeology of liberation.
