http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13794 air
air
Aerial photography and videography using drones
The shepherd's crown
Clean air
Microclimate studies in uniform shelterwood systems in the Sub-Boreal Spruce zone of central British Columbia
Pandora Walker unwittingly unleashes cyber Armageddon on her seventeenth birthday and must play a virtual reality game in order to save the world.
The early sociology of health and illness. Vol. 5, Public health in relation to air and water
A system for vertical profile measurements of sensible heat and chemical concentrations near the ground surface
The post-Porto Alegre World Social Forum : an open space or a movement of movements
Air pollutants and energy pathways : extending models for abatement strategies
The forests of Slovakia
The Finnish-Soviet hijacking treaty
Meteorological aspects of wet deposition in southern Finland
18th annual report 2009 : Convention on Long-range Transboundary Air Pollution : International Cooperative Programme on Integrated Monitoring of Air Pollution Effects on Ecosystems
Finnish wind data management and usage for Gauss modeling with SoundPlan-7.2 software
Injury to pines in the vicinity of a chemical processing plant in northern Finland
Ship emissions and technical emission reduction potential in the Northern Baltic Sea
Dispersion model computations of urban air pollution in Espoo, Finland
Methods for measurement of soil aeration
Root Growth Conditions in Greenwall : Test Method Development and Experiment Conduction
Every heart a doorway
The four elements : reflections on nature
Air sampling and industrial hygiene engineering
The expolis databases
Ambient air levels of PAHs in Finland compared to other coutries
Annals of air and space law
Conservation of stone II : : preprints of the contributions to the international symposium, Bologna, 27-30 October 1981 : part B  treatment
Air Pollution Mortality in Denmark, Finland, and Sweden
Microbial exposure and health in schools : effects of moisture damage and renovation
Indoor air contaminants in office buildings
Trends in air concentration and deposition at background monitoring sites in Sweden : major inorganic compounds, heavy metals and ozone
Home Automation : Smart home technology and template house design
Tiivistelmä: Emergency plan of special situation.
The liminal people : a novel
34th R3-Nordic Contamination Control Symposium Turku, Finland, June 2-4, 2003
Fine particles in urban air : exposure and cardiovascular health effects
In this paper we examine the feasibility of data from unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV)-borne aerial imagery in stand-level forest inventory. As airborne sensor platforms, UAVs offer advantages cost and flexibility over traditional manned aircraft in forest remote sensing applications in small areas, but they lack range and endurance in larger areas. On the other hand, advances in the processing of digital stereo photography make it possible to produce three-dimensional (3D) forest canopy data on the basis of images acquired using simple lightweight digital camera sensors. In this study, an aerial image orthomosaic and 3D photogrammetric canopy height data were derived from the images acquired by a UAV-borne camera sensor. Laser-based digital terrain model was applied for estimating ground elevation. Features extracted from orthoimages and 3D canopy height data were used to estimate forest variables of sample plots. K-nearest neighbor method was used in the estimation, and a genetic algorithm was applied for selecting an appropriate set of features for the estimation task. Among the selected features, 3D canopy features were given the greatest weight in the estimation supplemented by textural image features. Spectral aerial photograph features were given very low weight in the selected feature set. The accuracy of the forest estimates based on a combination of photogrammetric 3D data and orthoimagery from UAV-borne aerial imaging was at a similar level to those based on airborne laser scanning data and aerial imagery acquired using purpose-built aerial camera from the same study area..
Parameterization and assessment of processes affecting the long-range transport of airborne pollutants over the sea
Inspirations
PM2,5 and NO2 exposure assessment of urban population in the Helsinki Metropolitan Area and other European urban areas
Unmanned aircraft systems : International Symposium on Unmanned Aerial Vehicles, UAV '08
Uptake of air pollutants by paper
Inverse problems in stellar occultation
Environmental management. Volume I, The compartmental approach
Zephyr : passive climate controlled repositories : storage facilities for museum, archive and library purposes
The quality of pied flycatcher (Ficedula hypoleuca) and great tit (Parus major) females in an air pollution gradient
Emissions of NOx from baltic shipping and first estimates of their effects on air quality and eutrophication of the Baltic Sea
Unlawful seizure of aircraft
Air pollution : measurement, modelling and mitigation
Sources and concentrations of volatile organic compounds in urban air
Dark energy, extended gravity, and solar system constraints
Conservation of stone II : preprints of the contributions to the international symposium, Bologna, 27-30 October 1981 : part A  deterioration
Clean room design : minimizing contamination through proper design
Archivist Wasp : a novel
Studies of Unmanned Aircraft Systems from the Perspective of Operational Use
The big smoke : a history of air pollution in London since medieval times
Evaluation of the Chinese New Air Quality Index (GB3095-2012) : Based on Comparison with the US AQI System and the WHO AQGs
5th International Atmospheric Limb Conference and Workshop : book of abstracts
Air pollution control engineering
Global warming and dynamic cost-benefit analysis under uncertainty
The uninvited : a novel
Reconstructions of past climates from documentary and natural sources in Finland since the 18th century
Urban climate observations in Helsinki
This thesis concerns feminist sociological analysis of war loss and its consequences as experienced and told by Finnish Karelian war widows of World War 2. They lost their partners and had to leave their homes by force, when Karelia was evacuated twice in 1939\1944. Over 400,000 refugees from this ceded South-Eastern area were permanently resettled elsewhere in Finland. Finnish war widows\2019 telling of history has been missing from academic research, for this the subject has not been investigated prior to this present work. The research material the thesis reports on was gathered in interviews with five Karelian war widows, through examining Karelian life stories in the Finnish Literature Society\2019s Folklore Archive, and also researching war widows\2019 assistance pension letters in the State Treasury.
Possibilities to Operational Use of Remotely Piloted Aircrafts in Finland : Miehittämättömien ilma-alusjärjestelmien operatiivisen käytön mahdollistaminen Suomessa
Decision-making in land-use and conservation planning requires relevant and good quality information over wide areas, collected in a cost-efficient manner. This study focuses on the use of medium-resolution satellite imagery in landscape level studies of habitat pattern, particularly in fragmented agricultural landscapes. We analysed the suitability of multi-temporal Landsat TM images in habitat mapping, in particular for the discrimination of semi-natural grasslands. The results showed that even patchy agricultural mosaics can be coarsely mapped with Landsat TM and that the use of multi-temporal imagery notably improves the classification results. The best classification result (total accuracy 89%) was achieved with early spring, midsummer and late summer images combined. The classification accuracy for semi-natural grasslands was relatively low overall (63%), but over 90% of large (&gt; 1 ha) patches were discriminated. Furthermore, we compared a set of landscape composition and structure indices calculated from 1) a Landsat TM -based habitat classification (25 m resolution) and 2) a habitat map derived from aerial photographs (2 m resolution). The compositional indices, diversity index and patch sizes gave similar results on both scales. Finally, the habitat pattern of the study area was described using the calculated compositional, structural and environmental indices, and three main landscape types were identified.
Air pollution control technology handbook
Retrospective Study of Effects of Air Pollution on Human Health
Industrial pollution control : : issues and techniques
Fate and transport of organic chemicals in the environment : a practical guide
Stone crushing activities and delivery of the material can increase air pollution and particle emissions into the air which can have health effects on the residents living around a stone crushing plant. The main purpose of this study is to gather information on the increased level of particle emissions by stone crushing and transportation activities and its health effects on local residents. This report is literature based and presents the information on the crushing activities on particle levels and their possible health effects. There are only few studies concerning the health effects of a stone crushing plant on the residents around it is very limited. Urban air quality is already affected by existing traffic and possible industries around it, the addition of stone crushing project will add up to air pollution problems in urban areas. There are considerable links between the increase of particle emissions and mortality/morbidity rates in urban areas, where the amount of traffic and particle emissions is high. An increase of only 10μg/m3 in PM2.5 can raise cardiovascular mortality about 6%. Elemental carbon (EC) concentration measured by filter sampling seemed to be the best indicator of heavy diesel vehicle traffic pollution. In addition to that diesel, trucks increase also nitrogen dioxide exposure and polluted area in Sääksjärvi example case. Diesel truck related particle level at the transportation route could increase by about 0.12 μg/m3 (270 trucks a day) or by 0.20 μg/m3 (370 trucks a day). Also road dust levels possibly increase due to intense traffic. Recent studies have suggested that also short term exposure to PM10 may increase respiratory symptoms and trigger heart attacks. It was concluded that the addition of dust and particle pollution by stone crushing activities as well as stone material delivery, can have a negative health effect on the residents nearby a stone crushing plant. In order to evaluate the severity and the affecting amounts of pollution, further studies need to be carried out.
Modeling indoor air pollution
Outdoor urban aerosols and their transport and fate indoors
Landsat TM images in mapping of semi-natural grasslands and analysing of habitat pattern in an agricultural landscape in south-west Finland
20th Annual Report 2011 : Convention on Long-range Transboundary Air Pollution : International Cooperative Programme on Integrated Monitoring of Air Pollution Effects on Ecosystems
Observations of long-lived airborne and deposited radioactivity in Finland 1995-1997
Air pollution and air cleaning equipment in buildings
The aircraft commander : some observations concerning his legal status
Probabilistic modelling of PM[sup2.5] exposures in the working age population of Helsinki metropolitan area
Reducing particulate emissions in traffic and transport
Industrial  ventilation : a manual of recommended practice
A brief history of time:  from the big bang to black holes
Informing and action plan: deteriorated air quality
Consequences of pollution-related carotenoid limitation in birds
Emissions into air by industry
Sensor systems for environmental monitoring : volume 2: environmental monitoring
Still believing in virtual worlds : a decomposed approach
The girl with no name
Estimates of past and future forest fire danger in Finland from a climatological viewpoint / : Hanna M. Mäkelä
Extending the similarity theory for atmospheric boundary layers : contribution from background stratification
Band-aid for a broken leg : being a doctor with no borders and other ways to stay single
Clean air solutions in food processing
Kill chain : drones and the rise of high-tech assassins
Spatial variations of the urban climate and its influence on thermal comfort and behaviour
Role of substrate on the dendroclimatic response of Scots pine from varying elevations in northern Scotland
Wet deposition near the Inkoo Power Station during a wintertime experiment
Air pollution control can be approached from a number of different engineering disciplines environmental, chemical, civil, and mechanical. To that end, Noel de Nevers has written an engaging overview of the subject. While based on the fundamentals of chemical engineering, the treatment is accessible to readers with only one year of college chemistry. In addition to discussion of individual air pollutants and the theory and practice of air pollution control devices, de Nevers devotes about half the book to topics that influence device selection and design, such as atmospheric models and U.S. air pollution law. The generous number of end-of-chapter problems are designed to develop more complex thinking about the concepts presented and integrate them with readers personal experience increasing the likelihood of deeper understanding.
Interpretation of reasons for equal summer-time sunny and shady slope temperatures in an east-west oriented high-latitude valley, NW Russia
Comparison of sampling artifacts and ion balances for a Berner low-pressure impactor and a virtual impactor
Soil improvers and growing media - Determination of physical properties - Dry bulk density, air volume, water volume, shrinkage value and total pore space
Airborne pollution load to the Baltic Sea 1986-1990
Using a cloud condensation nuclei counter to study CCN properties and concentrations
A Study of Gas Emissions from Dry Toilets
A hybrid plume model for local-scale dispersion
Pasvik Water Quality until 2013 : Environmental Monitoring Programme in the Norwegian, Finnish and Russian Border Area
Drones : what everyone needs to know
Unmanned aerial system imagery and photogrammetric canopy height data in area-based estimation of forest variables
Maps of daily and monthly minimum temperatures in Finland for June, July and August 1961-1990, considering the effect of the underlying surface
Telling absence : war widows, loss and memory
Fog, smog and poisoned rain
Emission scenario model for regional air pollution
Proceedings of the 10th World Clean Air Congress, held at Espoo, Finland, May 28 - June 2, 1995. Volume 4, Key issues : key note lectures
Writing on air
Emergency plan of special situation : opinnäytetyö
Data cycle in atmospheric physics : from detected millivolts to understanding the atmosphere
Meteorological pre-processing and atmospheric dispersion modelling of urban air quality and applications in the Helsinki metropolitan area
Finnish 2002 inventory of HFC, PFC and SF6 emissions
Behemoth : B-Max
Studies on unmanned atmospheric flight
Indoor and outdoor aerosol particle size characterization in Helsinki
Personal exposure to fine particles (PM2.5) of adult population in Helsinki metropolitan area
Air composition & chemistry
Primary particulate matter emissions and the Finnish climate strategy
World Bank and the case for privatisation : development in Peru in the 1990s
Calculating of energy consumption of the sports hall
Indoor air pollution and health risks in Finnish ice arenas
Design of thea-polution based study (APED-AUPE) on urban air pollution exposure in Europe
Air pollution in the Czech Republic 1995
Challenge for survival : land, air, and water for man in megalopolis
Optimizing and running-in the analysis of industrial workspace air
The adverse health consequences of air pollution are of concern currently and there is a fear that these consequences escalate along with economic growth. The effect of economic growth on air pollution deaths is analyzed in Denmark, Finland, and Sweden by applying the Environmental Kuznets Curve approach, according to which economic growth has competing effects on air pollution and related deaths. On the one hand, emissions tend to increase as the scale of economic activity increases, but on the other hand, consumers and firms in richer countries use cleaner goods and adopt cleaner technologies. In Denmark and Finland, the latter effects are stronger, while in Sweden the opposite is true. Therefore, air pollution deaths will decrease in Denmark and Finland but increase in Sweden. Since country's own emissions do not determine air pollution completely, the paper briefly analyzes emissions from the Baltic countries and Russia. .
Characterisation and removal of gas in papermaking
Effects of emissions from the nickel-copper smelter in Monchegorsk, northwestern Russia, on the radial growth of Scots pine
Mechanical ventilation systems in swimming pools
Fall of the multiverse
Variation of Air Pollutant Concentrations in Residential Areas of the Helsinki Metropolitan Region
Sources, emissions, and occurrence of chlorinated paraffins in Stockholm, Sweden
Exposure of an urban adult population to PM[sub 2.5] : methods, determinants and sources
Catch-22
Health effects of particles on residents around a stone crushing plant
A gathering of shadows
21st Annual Report 2012 : Convention on Long-range Transboundary Air Pollution : International Cooperative Programme on Integrated Monitoring of Air Pollution Effects on Ecosystems
Personal exposures to volatile organic compounds and carbonyls : relationships to microenvironment concentrations and analysis of sources
EDMD collaboration and virtual prototyping
The night watch
Daytime temperature sum : a new thermal variable describing growing season characteristics and explaining evapotranspiration
Effect of outdoor air quality on indoor air
Comparison of Finnish and Russian indoor climate requirements in residential buildings
Air and water : the biology and physics of life's media
EDMD Collaboration and Virtual Prototyping
23rd Annual Report 2014 : Convention on Long-range Transboundary Air Pollution : International Cooperative Programme on Integrated Monitoring of Air Pollution Effects on Ecosystems
Nokia Solutions and Networks (NSN) requires new tools for collaborating electronic and mechanic design phases in its product development. In the first part of this thesis will be introduced Electrical Data Mechanical Data (EDMD) application; the software will be tested within a project to resolve tool’s possibilities and challenges from NSN’s point of view. Results of the study will be used for deciding further usage of the tool. Secondly the thesis will study virtual prototyping as a new working method and also related simulation tools. Tested EDMD tool is one module of the simulation environment. Virtual prototyping will be tested within real product development process and experiences of team members will be utilized to improve NSN’s practices. EDMD tool’s suitability for NSN’s development was tested during short but intensive testing period. Tests were carried out by five experts according to pre-decided testing plan. Virtual prototyping was trialed in project of which team members were instructed to use the new way of working. Simulation tools were tested in same project and collected testing data was analyzed with experts. Testing of EDMD tool succeeded despite of the tide schedule. Tool support was excellent and majority of problems was solved swiftly enabling performance of all planned testing tasks. EDMD tool clearly has potentiality as in addition of visual aid it improves communication between separate design modules. Also new practice of using virtual prototyping received positive feedback from the project team. As a result of the study a conclusive report was presented to NSN for further actions.
Allowance for discretization in hydrological and environmental risk estimation
Compressive behaviour of the soil in buffer zones under different management practices in Finland
19th annual report 2010 : Convention on Long-range Transboundary Air Pollution : International Cooperative Programme on Integrated Monitoring of Air Pollution Effects on Ecosystems
Air in pulp and papermaking processes
Eye in the sky
Typical nanoparticle concentrations in exhaust plumes and rates of processes affecting nanoparticle formation and growth
Dynamic modelling at Integrated Monitoring sites : Model testing against observations and uncertainty
Principles of soil physics
Metrology of gaseous air pollutants
Demand Controlled Ventilation Systems : CO2 Controlled Ventilation Systems
Levels of brominated flame retardants in humans and their enviroment : occupational and home exposure
Air pollution and forestry
Indoor air quality engineering
A Fuel Cell Application and Beijing Air Pollution Control
Twenty-two theses on the problems of democracy in the World Social Forum
Some legal aspects of aircraft hijacking in international law
Environmental engineering : principles and practice
Transcendent : a Starling novel
Air quality trends in Finland
Demand Control Ventilation in Sport Facilities
From cluster properties to concentrations and from concentrations to cluster properties
Responses of mustard (Brassica campestris) and rice (Oryza sativa) cultivars to tropospheric ozone in India : results from EDU treatments
Photodegradation of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in the presence of methoxyphenols
Economic thinking and pollution problems
Acute respiratory health effects of particulate matter : effects of size, composition and sources
Prevention and reduction of indoor air pollution
Handbook of atmospheric science : principles and applications
PM2.5 particle mass collection methods in the expolis study techniques, quality assurance and quality control
A postapocalyptic ghosthunter escapes her dire fate by joining the ghost of a supersoldier on his quest to the underworld.
Temporal and spatial variation of the soil atmosphere in forest soils of northern Sweden
Air and dreams : an essay on the imagination of movement
Need for integrated policy oriented national research programmes: the second phase (1995-2001) of the Dutch National Research Programme on Global Air Pollution and Climate Change NRP
The investigation of atmospheric pollution : report on observations ..
Net-zero energy technical shelter
Air pollution
The measurement variability of the one-stage and two-stage filter-pack methods in monitoring of atmospheric gaseous and particulate-bound inorganic compounds
The American way of remote air warfare
Mechanical supply and exhaust ventilation in high rise residential buildings in Russia
Air pollution, its origin and control
Air toxics: biomarkers in environmental applications : April 27-28, 1995, Houston, Texas / organized by Andrij Holian ; Conference on Beryllium-related Diseases : November 8-10, 1994, Research Triangle Park, North Carolina / organized by C. W. Jameson ... [et al.] ; The Second NIEHS Predictive-toxicology Evaluation Experiment : 30 chemical carcinogenicity bioassays / initiated and organized by Joseph T. Wachsman ... [et al.]
Meteorology today for scientists and engineers
Abstract: Emergency plan of special situation.
The Complete Civil Aircraft Registers of Finland since 1926
Trace metal emissions from the combustion of Estonian oil shale : quantities, formation mechanisms and reduction aspects
Atmospheric diffusion : study of the dispersion of windborne material from industrial and other sources
Fundamentals of air sampling
"Four months have passed since the shadow stone fell into Kell's  possession. Four months since his path crossed with Delilah Bard. Four  months since Rhy was wounded and the Dane twins fell, and the stone was  cast with Holland's dying body through the rift, and into Black London. In  many ways, things have almost returned to normal, though Rhy is more  sober, and Kell is now plagued by his guilt. Restless, and having given  up smuggling, Kell is visited by dreams of ominous magical events,  waking only to think of Lila, who disappeared from the docks like she  always meant to do. As Red London finalizes preparations for the Element  Games-an extravagent international competition of magic, meant to  entertain and keep healthy the ties between neighboring countries-a  certain pirate ship draws closer, carrying old friends back into port.But  while Red London is caught up in the pageantry and thrills of the  Games, another London is coming back to life, and those who were thought  to be forever gone have returned. After all, a shadow that was gone in  the night reappears in the morning, and so it seems Black London has  risen again-and so to keep magic's balance, another London must fall"--
Handbook of ventilation for contaminant control
Managing indoor air quality
World atlas of atmospheric pollution
The time traveler's handbook : 18 experiences from the eruption of Vesuvius to Woodstock
Review of progress at industrial hot spots
Characterisation and source identification of pollution episodes caused by long-range transported aerosols
The blitz : a very peculiar history : with no added doodlebugs
Symposium on Urban and rural air pollution - response of ecosystem and society (URPO), Helsinki 14.11.2005
Operational plan for the prevention of acute street dust problems
World Social Forum : what should it be when it grows up?
Harvesting Condensed Water in Dry Areas
Challenge for survival : land, air and water for man in megapolis
The pocket book of weather : entertainsing and remarkable facts about our weather
DairyNet : hygiene control in Nordic dairies
The handbook of environmental chemistry. Vol. 4, part D, Airborne particulate matter
Clean air research at the University of Oulu : proceedings of the 2nd SkyPro Conference November 12th 2013, University of Oulu, Finland
Air : the nature of atmosphere and the climate
Acid rain : Papers presented at the Fifteenth consultative Council meeting of the Watt Committee on Energy, London, 1 December 1983.
Advances in unmanned aerial vehicles : state of the art and the road to autonomy
Multidisciplinary research on urban air particles in Finland
21st annual report 2012 : Convention on Long-range Transboundary Air Pollution : International Cooperative Programme on Integrated Monitoring of Air Pollution Effects on Ecosystems
Drones and unmanned aerial systems : legal and social implications for security and surveillance
Observations of the solar wind-magnetosphere-ionosphere coupling
Gas tables : for compressible flow calculations
Patterns in Estonian bogs as depicted in color kite aerial photographs
Toxicological based air quality guidelines for substances in indoor air
Numerical approaches to new particle formation and growth in the atmosphere
Chemical mass closure and source-specific composition of atmospheric particles
Indoor air quality engineering : environmental health and control of indoor pollutants
Proceedings of the 12th International Meeting for Specialists in Air Pollution Damages in Forest = Tagungsbeiträge zur XII. Internationalen Arbeitstagung forstlicher Rauchschadenssachverständiger. Vol. 1
Dispersion and risk assessment of airborne contaminants in pharmaceutical clean rooms
Forest monitoring : methods for terrestrial investigations in Europe with an overview of North America and Asia
Handbook of environmental engineering calculations
Trees in a changing environment : ecophysiology, adaptation, and future survival
Air pollution deaths in Europe 2020 : a survey
This book tackles the regulatory issues of Unmanned Aerial Systems (UAS) or Remotely-Piloted Aerial Systems (RPAS), which have profound consequences for privacy, security and other fundamental liberties. Collectively known as "drones," they were initially deployed for military purposes: reconnaissance, surveillance and extrajudicial executions. Today, we are witnessing a growth of their use into the civilian and humanitarian domain. They are increasingly used for goals as diverse as news gathering, aerial inspection of oil refinery flare stacks, mapping of the Amazonian rain-forest, crop spraying and search and rescue operations. The civil use of drones is becoming a reality in the European Union and in the US.The drone revolution may be a new technological revolution. Proliferation of the next generation of "recreational" drones show how drones will be sold as any other consumer item. The cultural perception of the technology is shifting, as drones are increasingly being used for humanitarian activities, on one hand, but they can also firmly be situated in the prevailing modes of postmodern governance on the other hand. This work will be of interest to researchers in Criminology and Criminal Justice interested in issues related to surveillance, security, privacy, and technology. It will also provide a criminological background for related legal issues, such as privacy law, aviation law, international criminal law, and comparative law.
Characterization of primordial perturbations by observations
Air pollution in eastern Lapland : challenge for an environmental measurement station
Effect of the Kola air pollution sources in Finnish Lapland surface waters during 1990-2006
Air quality in the Helsinki metropolitan area : concentrations, emissions and trends
Role of lichens as air pollution monitors
Nordic atlas of climatic extremes
White death
PM10 concentrations in urban ambient air : Trends in Helsinki and Tampere from 2006 to 2010
