http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13819 social philosophy
social philosophy societal philosophy
The intellectual origins of the global financial crisis
Rules without rulers : the possibilities and limits of anarchism
Violence for equality : inquiries in political philosophy : incorporating "Three essays on political violence"
The human condition
The open society and its enemies. Vol. 1, The spell of Plato
The tragedy of enlightenment : an essay on the Frankfurt school
Buddha on Wall Street : what's wrong with capitalism and what we can do about it
Dialectic of civil society
Leviathan : or the matter, forme and power of a commonwealth ecclasiasticall and civil
Inside concentration camps : social life at the extremes
The politics
The basic Bakunin : writings 1869-1871
Principles of political economy : with some of their applications to social pilosophy
Finnish yearbook of political thought. 2003, vol. 7.
Making social worlds : a communication perspective
Freedom, equality, and social change
The Britannica guide to the ideas that made the modern world : the people, philosophy, and history of the Enlightenment
The nature of politics
The politics of Aristotle
The value of justice : essays on the theory and practice of social virtue
The triangular relationship between the social, the political and the cultural has opened up social and political theory to new challenges. The social can no longer be reduced to the category of society, and the political extends beyond the traditional concerns of the nature of the state and political authority. This Handbook will address a range of issues that have recently emerged from the disciplines of social and political theory, focusing on key themes as opposed to schools of thought or major theorists. It is divided into three sections which address: the most influential theoretical traditions that have emerged from the legacy of the twentieth century the most important new and emerging frameworks of analysis today the major theoretical problems in recent social and political theory. The Routledge International Handbook of Contemporary Social and Political Theory encompasses the most up-to-date developments in contemporary social and political theory, and as such is an essential research tool for both undergraduate and postgraduate students, as well as researchers, working in the fields of political theory, social and political philosophy, contemporary social theory, and cultural theory.
On anarchism
Abstract.
The heart of things : applying philosophy to the 21st century
Freedom and reform : essays in economics and social philosophy
Political worship
The ethics of liberty
The man versus the state
The fear of freedom
Social thought from lore to science. Vol. 2, A *history and interpretation of man's ideas about life with his fellows to times when his study of the past is linked with that of the present for the sake of his future
On revolution
Dominations and powers : reflections on liberty, society and government
Collected works
The problem of rationality in contemporary political philosophy = Racionalumo problema šiuolaikinėje politinėje filosofijoje
Future perfect : the case for progress in a networked age
Mourning becomes the law : philosophy and representation
Consciousness and society : the reorientation of European social thought 1890-1930
"The New York Times bestselling author of The Rational Optimist and Genome returns with a fascinating, brilliant argument for evolution that definitively dispels a dangerous, widespread myth: that we can command and control our world.The Evolution of Everything is about bottom-up order and its enemy, the top-down twitch--the endless fascination human beings have for design rather than evolution, for direction rather than emergence. Drawing on anecdotes from science, economics, history, politics and philosophy, Matt Ridley's wide-ranging, highly opinionated opus demolishes conventional assumptions that major scientific and social imperatives are dictated by those on high, whether in government, business, academia, or morality. On the contrary, our most important achievements develop from the bottom up. Patterns emerge, trends evolve. Just as skeins of geese form Vs in the sky without meaning to, and termites build mud cathedrals without architects, so brains take shape without brain-makers, learning can happen without teaching and morality changes without a plan.Although we neglect, defy and ignore them, bottom-up trends shape the world. The growth of technology, the sanitation-driven health revolution, the quadrupling of farm yields so that more land can be released for nature--these were largely emergent phenomena, as were the Internet, the mobile phone revolution, and the rise of Asia. Ridley demolishes the arguments for design and effectively makes the case for evolution in the universe, morality, genes, the economy, culture, technology, the mind, personality, population, education, history, government, God, money, and the future.As compelling as it is controversial, authoritative as it is ambitious, Ridley's stunning perspective will revolutionize the way we think about our world and how it works"--
America and the world revolution
Anti-Oedipus : capitalism and schizophrenia
What are we to do with our lives?
The inevitability of skepticism :a study on the problem of the criterion
The myth of the strong leader : political leadership in modern politics
On socialism
The philosophical theory of the state
Roles and values : an introduction to social ethics
Philosophical essays on the ideas of a good society
"ACSM's Health/Fitness Facility Standards and Guidelines" presents the current standards and guidelines that help health and fitness establishments provide high-quality service and programme offerings in a safe environment. This fourth edition includes new standards and guidelines for pre-activity screening, orientation, education and supervision. A key benefit to the new edition is that it will assist health and fitness facility managers, owners and staff in keeping to a standard of operation, client care and service that will assist members and users in caring for their health through safe and appropriate exercise experiences.
The intelligent man's guide to the post-war world
Finnish yearbook of political thought. 2001, vol. 5.
A new view of society and other writings
The open society and its enemies. Vol. 2, The high tide of prophecy : Hegel, Marx, and the aftermath
Social philosophy
Utilitarianism ; Liberty ; Representative government
Radical perspectives on social problems : readings in critical sociology
On politics and society
The open society and its enemies. Volume I : The spell of Plato
Infinite thought : truth and the return to philosophy
Sri Aurobindo birth centenary library : de luxe edition. 15, Social and political thought
The philosophical works. Vol. 3, Essays : moral, political, and literary, vol. 1
Vanguards of modernity : society, intellectuals, and the university
"A book that makes the case for evolution over design and skewers a widespread but dangerous myth: that we have ultimate control over our world"--
Our duty towards the motherland
The political sciences : general principles of selection in social science and history
Hume's Sceptical Enlightenment
Anarchy, state, and utopia is a foundational text in classical liberal thought, in which Robert Nozick created the intellectual underpinnings for what is now known as libertarianism. In his exhortation to limit the state to only the most minimal possible role, Nozick stirred tremendous controversy in an era predisposed to look to government as the solution to social injustice. When originally published in 1974, Anarchy, State, and Utopia was dismissed by many scholars as nothing more than a paean to the bourgeois status quo. But American politics have changed dramatically since then. Anarchy, State, and Utopia has become ever more relevant since the country has caught up with Nozick's ideas--as Clinton proclaimed, the era of big government is over. With fierce argumentation and meticulous logic, Robert Nozick gave birth to a new way of thinking about the relationship between the citizen and the state.
The principles of toleration
Anarchy, state, and utopia
Fifty major political thinkers
One-dimensional man : studies in the ideology of advanced industrial society
The politics of world politics
Systematics as normative holism
World dynamics
Abstract: Seven conceptions of liberty.
Hannah Arendt : practice, thought and judgement
The political philosophy of Michel Foucault
The philosophy of society
Progress and its discontents
Plato's statesman : a translation of the Politicus of Plato with introductory essays and footnotes
The evolution of everything : how new ideas emerge
Leviathan, or, The matter, forme, & power of a commonwealth ecclesiasticall and civill
"What is the meaning of human suffering for society? How has this meaning changed from the past to the present? In what ways does "the problem of suffering" serve to inspire us to act with care for others? How does our response to suffering reveal the moral state of our humanity and our social condition? In this trenchant work, Arthur Kleinman--a renowned figure in medical anthropology--and Iain Wilkinson, an award-winning sociologist, team up to offer some answers to these profound questions. A Passion for Society investigates the historical development and current condition of social science with a focus on how this development has been shaped in response to problems of social suffering. Following a line of criticism offered by key social theorists and cultural commentators who themselves were unhappy with the professionalization of social science, Wilkinson and Kleinman provide a critical commentary on how studies of human social life have moved from an original concern with social suffering and its amelioration to dispassionate inquiries. The authors demonstrate how social care is revitalizing and remaking the discipline of social science, and they examine the potential for achieving social understanding though a moral commitment to the practice of care. In this deeply considered work, Wilkinson and Kleinman argue for an engaged social science that connects critical thought with social action, that seeks to learn through caregiving, and that operates with a commitment to establish and sustain humane forms of society"--Provided by publisher.
Social philosophies of an age of crisis
Climate change and ethics of geoengineering : implications of climate emergency ethics
Philosophy and the idea of communism : Alain Badiou in conversation with Peter Engelmann
In quest of community : social philosophy in the United States, 1860-1920
Social reality
Bending the rules : morality in the modern world : from relationships to politics and war
Philosophy bites back
Philosophy and practice
Communitarianism and citizenship
Social theory as science
The social contract and Discourses
Famous utopias : being the complete text of Rousseau's Social contract, More's Utopia, Bacon's New Atlantis, Campanella's City of the sun ; with an introduction by Charles M. Andrews
Lineages of the absolutist state
Dialectic of enlightenment
Second treatise of government : (an essay concerning the true original, extent and end of civil government) and a letter concerning toleration
Looking back at the end of the world
A theory of political obligation : membership, commitment, and the bonds of society
The emergence of norms
Rediscoveries
Continuity and change in Russian and Soviet thought
Society, law, and morality : readings in social philosophy from classical and contemporary sources
The open society and its enemies
Liberating theory
In his provocative new book, The Tyranny of the Ideal, Gerald Gaus lays out a vision for how we should theorize about justice in a diverse society. Gaus shows how free and equal people, faced with intractable struggles and irreconcilable conflicts, might share a common moral life shaped by a just framework. He argues that if we are to take diversity seriously and if moral inquiry is sincere about shaping the world, then the pursuit of idealized and perfect theories of justice—essentially, the entire production of theories of justice that has dominated political philosophy for the past forty years—needs to change. Drawing on recent work in social science and philosophy, Gaus points to an important paradox: only those in a heterogeneous society—with its various religious, moral, and political perspectives—have a reasonable hope of understanding what an ideally just society would be like. However, due to its very nature, this world could never be collectively devoted to any single ideal. Gaus defends the moral constitution of this pluralistic, open society, where the very clash and disagreement of ideals spurs all to better understand what their personal ideals of justice happen to be. Presenting an original framework for how we should think about morality, The Tyranny of the Ideal rigorously analyzes a theory of ideal justice more suitable for contemporary times.
The philosophy of right
Between man and man
A passion for society : how we think about human suffering
Unruly subjects
Will and mechanisms
The portable Hannah Arendt
Foucault and the politics of rights
Design and truth
Origin and significance of the Frankfurt School : a Marxist perspective
On the advantages and disadvantages of ethics and politics
Secession : the morality of political divorce from Fort Sumter to Lithuania and Quebec
Great thinkers
Consumption and everyday life
Post-scarcity anarchism
Contemporary political philosophy : radical studies
Happy slaves : a critique of consent theory
Issues in Marxist philosophy. 4, Social and political philosophy
The age of fallibility : the consequences of the war on terror
The encyclopedic philosophy of Michel Serres : writing the modern world and anticipating the future
The virtuous journalist, an updated view : a study in the ethics of journalism
Social thought from lore to science. 1, A history and interpretation of man's ideas about life with his fellows
Democracy : a reader
Two tracts on government
Karl Marx : greatness and illusion
Protecting future generations through commons
Essays in social theory
The man versus the state : with four essays on politics and society
Dead white guys : a father, his daughter and the great books of the Western World
Is there a future for Marxism?
A world of ideas : a dictionary of important theories, concepts, beliefs and thinkers
Famous utopias : being the complete text of Rousseau's Social contract, More's Utopia, Bacon's New Atlantis, Campanella's City of the sun
After the Soviet empire : legacies and pathways
Sayyid Qutb : the life and legacy of a radical Islamic intellectual
Practical reasoning
Routledge international handbook of contemporary social and political theory
The philosophical principle of the Juche idea
Dialogues on power and space
Models of democracy
Leviathan
Essays on business and leadership ethics
Limits of knowledge society : anthropology and cultural studies. (2), Ethics, social and political philosophy : proceedings of the International Conference, Iași, 6-9 October 2010, Iași-Romania
Power : a new social analysis
The idea of a civil society
Dynamic concept analysis (DCA) : integrating information in conceptual models
Why hope? : the stand against civilization
The reality of the historical past
Social thought from lore to science. Vol. 1, A history and interpretation of man's ideas about life with his fellows to times when change and progress deeply concerned him
The postmodern and political agency
Environments, natures and social theory : towards a critical hybridity
Essays on politics and society. 1
Citizen Thomas More and his Utopia
Twilight of the machines
Time for revolution
Perception in Kant's model of experience
The common good : citizenship, morality and self-interest
The Routledge guidebook to Plato's Republic
The future for social policy in a global context : why the south now needs to take the lead
The next revolution : popular assemblies and the promise of direct democracy
Law, legislation and liberty : a new statement of the liberal principles of justice and political economy. 3, The political order of a free people
Abstract: J.V. Snellman as an interpreter of Hegelś Philosophy of right.
For Robert Cooper : collected work
Bourgeois dignity : why economics can't explain the modern world
Capital : an abridged edition
The prince
The spirit of the game : navigational aids for the next century
The social and political thought of Noam Chomsky
Social thought from lore to science. Vol. 3, Sociological trends throughout the world to the start of the twentieth century's seventh decade
Ideas that matter : a personal guide for the 21st century
The good society : the humane agenda
Affluence, poverty and the idea of a post-scarcity society
Four essays on liberty
The responsibility of the pariah : the impact of Bernard Lazare on Arendt's conception of political action and judgement in extreme situations
The new world of Henri Saint-Simon
Mutual aid : a factor of evolution
Political concepts : a reconstruction
The rule of law : politicizing ethics
Hayek's 'serfdom' revisited : essays by economists, philosophers and political scientists on "The road to serfdom" after 40 years
Aristotle's politics
The social philosophers : community and conflict in western thought
Before anarchy : Hobbes and his critics in modern international thought
After marriage : rethinking marital relationships
Connected sociologies
Individual conduct and social norms : a utilitarian account of social union and the rule of law
Political philosophy
The end of power : from boardrooms to battlefields and churches to states, why being in charge isn't what it used to be
Of Gandhi, atheism and social experimentalism : a collection of speeches and articles
The standard of living
Approaches to democracy : philosophy of government at the close of the twentieth century
On the nature of social and institutional reality
Social thought from lore to science. 2, Sociological trends throughout the world
Concerning the city of God against pagans
The tyranny of the ideal : justice in a diverse society
Finnish yearbook of political thought. 2000, vol. 4.
Berkeley revisited : moral, social and political philosophy
Construing transitology : a contribution to the critique of the political economy of post-socialist transition
Rights and goods : justifying social action
Terror was central to the Nazi regime, and the Nazi concentration camps were places of horror where prisoners were dehumanized and robbed of their dignity and where millions were murdered. How did prisoners cope with the brutal and degrading conditions of life within the camps? In this highly original book Maja Suderland takes the reader inside the concentration camps and examines the everyday social life of prisoners - their daily activities and routines, the social relationships and networks they created and the strategies they developed to cope with the harsh conditions and the brutality of the guards. Without overlooking the violence of the camps, the contradictions of camp life or the elusive complexity of the multicultural prisoner society, Suderland explores the hidden social practices that enabled prisoners to preserve their human dignity and create a sense of individuality and community despite the appalling circumstances. This remarkable account of social life in extreme conditions will be of great interest to students and scholars in history, sociology and the social sciences generally, as well as to a wider readership interested in the Holocaust and the concentration camps.
Bereft of Reason : On the Decline of Social Thought and Prospects for Its Renewal
Pioneers of Russian social thought
A different society altogether : what sociology can learn from Deleuze, Guattari, and Latour
Thinking about social thinking : the philosophy of the social sciences
Possible worlds : the idea of happiness in the utopian vision of Louis-Sébastien Mercier
Oppression and liberty
Capitalists and conquerors : a critical pedagogy against empire
Ends and means : an enquiry into the nature of ideals and into the methods employed for their realization
Positive liberty : an essay in normative political philosophy
