http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13806 orchestral music
orchestral music
Music for great films of the silent era. Part two
A Midsummer night's dream : Incidental music to Shakespeare's play
The scoring of early classical concertos 1750-1780
The Phoenix
Leadership in symphony orchestras : discursive and aesthetic practices
Catalogue of Finnish orchestral works and vocal works with orchestra
"Weinen, Klagen" : változatok J. S. Bach egy motívuma fölött : Variationen über ein Motiv von J. S. Bach : variations on a theme of J. S. Bach
A London symphony
Beastly tales
One flew over the cuckoo's nest : Original soundtrack
Symphony no. 2 & other masterpieces
Getting the most out of Mozart : the instrumental works
The Handel collection
Orchestral music in print
Mainstreams of music. Volume two, Orchestral music : its story told through the lives and works of its foremost composers
Peter and the wolf op. 67
The Solent : fifty years of music by Ralph Vaughan Williams
Beautiful music for orchestra
Let the bright Seraphim
The orchestra musician's CD-ROM library. Vol. 5, Dvoř́ák, Rimsky-Korsakov and more
The technique of orchestration
Peter and the wolf
Huntingtower : ballad for band
Rachmaninov orchestral music
Alfred Hitchcock 100 years : a Bernard Herrmann film score tribute
Greensleeves : English pastoral music
Celebrating Jon Lord the composer
Sinfonietta, op 1 for flute, oboe, clarinet, bassoon, trumpet, trombone, harp and percussion
Summer's last will and testament
Conductors and composers of popular orchestral music : a biographical and discographical sourcebook
The Philadelphia Orchestra : an annotated discography
A first guide to the orchestra
West Side Story
Symphony no. 2 in E flat ; Sea Pictures
Dorati conducts Rimsky-Korsakov and Borodin
Music from the films of Orson Welles. Volume one
The Orchestra musician's CD-ROM library. Vol. 3, Brahms, Schumann and more
The New York Philharmonic guide to the symphony
Lest we forget : poetry and music of remembrance
The story of American classical music
Golden eye : original motion picture soundtrack
The Victor book of overtures, tone poems : and other orchestral works
Beecham conducts Delius
History of instrumentation
Spring Symphony Op. 44
Ahead of their time
A dictionary of musical themes
Orchestral music : an armchair guide
The Desert Music
Orchestral music : a handbook
Susan Gritton sings Britten, Finzi and Delius
Copland conducts Copland
The emperor and the nightingale
The ninth : Beethoven and the world in 1824
A new catalog of music for small orchestra
Colourful music for strings [Nuottijulkaisu] / instructional design by Csaba and Géza Szilvay. Vol. 1
The orchestra on record, 1896-1926 : an encyclopedia of orchestral recordings made by the acoustical process
The Water music : Wassermusik
Ambronay Editions 2008
Bach: cantatas ; Barber, Copland
The starlight express
Works of Igor Stravinsky
Adagio 2 : more famous adagios by Telemann, J.S.Bach, Mozart, Haydn, Mendelssohm, Schubert, Berwald, Khachaturian, Mahler
The most incredible thing
The Immortal works of Ketelbey
Peter and the wolf = Pedro y el lobo : musical tale for children = cuento sinfonico para ninos : op. 67
The last night of the proms collection
While the orchestra assembles : a simple introduction
Guide to symphonic music
Glass box
The soldier's tale ; Dumbarton oaks
Beethoven's chamber music : a listener's guide
Christmas around the world
The orchestra musician's CD-ROM library. Vol. 4, Tchaikovsky and more
Cello music since 1960 : a bibliography of solo, chamber, & orchestral works for the solo cellist
Two Shakespeare sketches from "The England of Elisabeth"
Dvor̆ák : symphonies & concertos
Principles of orchestration : with musical examples drawn from his own works
A conducting workbook with CD-ROM video
Face to face with orchestra and chorus : a handbook for choral conductors
Music for a royal wedding
Tales of joy, passion, and love
Sentimento : Classical moods conducted by Salonen
The analytical concert guide
Ausgewählte stücke aus der Karneval der Tiere = Selected pieces from the Carnival of animals
The Baroque Beatles book
L'arlèsienne : suites nos. 1 and 2 : Urtext
Einojuhani Rautavaara : orchestral works
The Orchestra musician's CD-ROM library. Vol. 2, Debussy, Mahler and more
String quartet chamber music :  the personal way of music development
Hurricane
Masterworks of the orchestral repertoire : a guide for listeners
The sea in music
Orchestral works
The Indiana Jones trilogy
A.I. - Artificial intelligence : Music from the motion picture
Music as alchemy
Symphonies 1 & 2 ; Pomp and circumstance marches
Music piano and orchestra : an annotated guide
Laugh with classical music
Ritual dances and other works
Works for piano and string orchestra
Music for all of us
Introducing the world of American Jewish music : rare, new and rediscovered American classics
The orchestra musician's CD-ROM library. Vol. 6, Mozart and Haydn
If
The orchestra musician's CD-ROM library. Vol. 10, Bach, Handel and more
The plague
State of the art - Deutsche Grammophon : The story = Die Geschichte
Orchestration
The last waltz : the Strauss dynasty and Vienna
Neglected music : a repertoire handbook for choirs and orchestras
The Planets, op. 32 : Die Planeten
Symphonies No. 3 & 6
Stokowski stereo collection
Pictures at an exhibition
Symphony  No 1 : Op. 9
Et eget århundre : norsk orkestermusikk 1905-2005 = Music in a free state : Norwegian orchestral music 1905-2005
Sämtliche Orchesterwerke = The complete orchestral works
Orchestral works. Vol. 3
Symphonic music : its evolution since the Renaissance
Peter and the Wolf
The story of the orchestra : listen while you learn about the instruments, the music and the composers who wrote the music
The concertgoer's companion. Volume 2, Holst to Webern
De natura sonoris No 1 for symphony orchestra
Contemporary Norwegian orchestral music
The crown of India
Colourful music for strings [Nuottijulkaisu] / instructional design by Csaba and Géza Szilvay. Vol. 3
Peter and the Wolf, op. 67 : a musical tale for children
The Carnical of the Animals : Babar the Elephant
Toward the unknown region ; Fantasia on a Theme by Thomas Tallis ; Norfolk Rhapsody No, 1 ; Five variants of Dives and Lazarus
The concertgoer's companion. Volume 1, Bach to Haydn
Great concert music : Philip Hale's Boston Symphony programme motes : historical, critical and descriptive comment on music and composers
The 50 greatest pieces of classical music
The playful pachyderm : classic miniatures for bassoon and orchestra
Symphonic repertoire guide for timpani and percussion
The orchestra musician's CD-ROM library. Vol. 7, Ravel, Elgar and more
Celibidache conducts Prokofiev & Strauss
The Moldau : Bartered bride overture : Les Preludes
Orchestral "pops" music : a handbook
The desert music ; Three movements
Peter and the wolf op. 67 : a musical tale for children
Poseidon for orchestra, op. 122 : score
The infinite variety of a musician
The sound of Broadway music : a book of orchestrators and orchestrations
Poema krasoty = Ilupoeem = The Poem of Beauty
Orchestral music catalogue : scores
Sneaky Pete and the wolf
The best of Johann Strauss
Fanfares and overtures for wind band
The Pan book of orchestral music
Carmen's dance : a fantasy of Spanish flamenco and opera
Colourful music for strings [Nuottijulkaisu] / instructional design by Csaba and Géza Szilvay. Vol. 2
The BBC proms guide to great symphonies
Jesus of Nazareth : An original soundtrack recording
London calling!
Creations and other works
The Stokowski sound : Transcriptions for orchestra
Story of orchestral music and its times
Christopher Columbus : a musical journey
Late Victorians ; Regina Coeli ; Alcott Music ; Overture to Lysistrata
The best classical album in the world...ever!
Variations on a theme of Haydn
