http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13886 roses
roses
Seven flowers and how they shaped our world
Pruning and training plants
Classic roses : an illustrated encyclopaedia and growerś manual of old roses, shrub roses and climbers
The Wars of the Roses : politics and the constitution in England, c1437-1509
The concise illustrated book of roses
Encyclopedia of rose science. Vol. 3
System development in glasshouse roses
Influence of temperature on bud break, shoot growth, flower bud atrophy and winter production of glasshouse roses : Proefschrift ter verkrijging van de graad van doctor in de landbouwwetenschappen, op gezag van de rector magnificus, dr. C. C. Osterlee, in het openba
The Wars of the Roses (1455-85) were a major turning point in English history. But the underlying causes for the successive upheavals have been hotly contested by historians ever since. In this original and stimulating new synthesis, distinguished historian Michael Hicks examines the difficult economic, military, and financial crises and explains, for the first time, the real reasons why the Wars of the Roses began, why they kept recurring, and why, eventually, they ceased.
Botanica's roses : encyclopedia of roses
Plants & Gardens : handbook of roses
Salt gradients near roots of a rose plant by using a model system
Proceedings of the Third International Symposium on Rose Research and Cultivation : Herzliya, Israel, 21 - 26 May, 2000
Modern roses V : a concise descriptive list of all roses in commerce or of historical or botanical importance
David Austin's English Roses
Roses and rose gardens : illustrated in colour
Hardy roses : their culture in Canada with contributed sections on insect pests and diseases
Passion for roses : Peter Beales' comprehensive guide to landscaping with roses
Roses and rose gardens
The Wars of the Roses were not just fought by men on the battlefield. Behind the scenes, there were daughters, wives, mistresses, mothers and queens whose lives and influences helped shape the most dramatic of English conflicts. This book traces the story of women on the Lancastrian side, from the children borne by Blanche, wife of John of Gaunt, through the turbulent fifteenth century to the advent of Margaret Beaufort's son in 1509 and the establishment of the Tudor dynasty. From the secret liaisons of Katherine Swynford and Catherine of Valois to the love lives of Mary de Bohun and Jacquetta of Luxembourg, to the queenship of Joan of Navarre and Margaret of Anjou, this book explores their experiences as women. What bound them to their cause? What real influence did they wield? Faced with the dangers of treason and capture, defamation and childbirth, read how these extraordinary women survived in extraordinary times.
Winter-hardy roses from agriculture Canada
Cole crops : botany, cultivation, and utilization
Fair trade roses & corporate social responsibility : Gimmick or genuine
Old roses
Proceedings rose-seminar  : (November 2nd 1999) Research station for floriculture and glasshouse vegetables
Red roses : Blanche of Gaunt to Margaret Beaufort
Roses : a manual on the culture, management, diseases and insects of greenhouse roses
The Royal Horticultural Society encyclopedia of plants and flowers
Miniature roses : their care and cultivation
The rose girls
ABC in rosemaling (rosepainting)
Roses of the world in color
Old Norwegian rose-painting
Shrub roses of today
Rosa glabrifolia, R. x malyi, and other overlooked members of Rosa sect. Cassiorhodon (Rosaceae) as relicts of cultivation and established aliens in Finland
The Wars of the Roses
Production of pot roses
Systematics and polyploid evolution in Potentilleae (Rosaceae)
Lancastrians and Yorkists : the wars of the Roses
4th International workshop on fire blight, Ithaca, NY, 22-26 June 1986
The production and marketing of roses
For love of a rose
Encyclopedia of the Wars of the Roses
The timeless art of embroidery
Roses, their culture and management
Better homes and gardens : garden book
Fireweed, roseroot, Bergenia and chokeberry : joint research for supporting the herb production
Pattern book of roses : 36 leadlight designs
Growth responses of some greenhouse plants to environment : The effect of CO2 on photosynthetis and growth of roses
Rose canker and its control
International floriculture papers and statistics : Post harvest handling of cut flowers : selected papers
A note on ornamental intersectional hybrids of Rosa between sect. Cinnamomeae and Rugosae (Rosaceae) in the St.-Petersburg area, Russia
History of the rose
Production of cut flowers
The world of roses
The illustrated encyclopedia of roses
Natural product formation by plants; enhancement, analysis, processing and testing
How to grow roses
Botanica's roses : the encyclopedia of roses
Roses : old roses and species roses
Roses in the World
2nd International Symposium on Roses : Antibes, France 20-24 February 1995
Modern roses IV : a uniform descriptive list of all roses in commerce or of historical or botanical importance
Flowers in history
Taxonomic status of the roses (Rosa) described by S. G. Dimitrov from Bulgaria
Roses in colour and cultivation
The rose
Roses : An illustrated encyclopaedia and grower's handbook of species roses, old roses and modern roses, shrub roses and climbers
The rose in Britain
Roses of Great Britain and Ireland
Rosemaling : the beautiful Norwegian art ; Rosemaling : design collection II
All about roses
Spectroscopic comparison of rose callus methanol-extractable lignin to lignin extracted from differentiated rose tissue by alkaline treatment
The embroidery of roses
Significance of rootstocks for cultivation of (greenhouse) roses
Rose recipes from olden times
The book of the rose
Effect of storage time and temperature on stability of bioactive compounds in aseptically packed beverages prepared from rose hips and sea buckthorn berries
Rose hips and sea buckthorn berries contain high amounts of beneficial bioactive compounds. In this study the content and stability of natural vitamins and antioxidants were investigated in two fruit beverages made from rose hip powder, sea buckthorn berry purée and white grape juice concentrate, and wheat germ oil in one of the beverages. Beverages were formulated, pasteurised and filled aseptically in Tetra Brik packages and stored up to 35 days at 4 °C or 22 °C. Samples were analysed for the content of ascorbic acid, carotenoids, major phenolics, tocochromanols, total phenols and total antioxidant capacity as ferric reducing ability. The largest changes occurred during the first 5 days of storage, thereafter mainly ascorbic acid decreased. In the wheat germ oil supplemented beverage, α-tocopherol was more rapidly degraded. Negative correlations between the decrease of some carotenoids and tocochromanols, and the increase of some phenolics, suggest relationships of redox reactions specific to the amount of oil supplemented. From the present study we can conclude that additions of oil to beverages should be carefully selected to avoid oxidations of bioactive compounds. Furthermore, packaging of the beverages should be carried out at higher temperatures and thereafter it should be stored at low temperatures (4 °C), which decreased oxidation of all bioactive compounds except ascorbic acid..
The rose book : a complete guide for amateur rose growers
Old roses and English roses
Roses : 1001 gardening questions answered
Yield, quality and vase life of cut roses in year-round greenhouse production
This is a new interpretation of English politics during the extended period beginning with the majority of Henry VI in c. 1437 up to the accession of Henry VII in 1509. The later fifteenth century in England is a somewhat baffling and apparently incoherent period which historians and history students have found consistently difficult to handle. The large-scale 'revisionism' inspired by the classic work of K. B. McFarlane led to the first real work on politics, both national and local, but has left the period in a disjointed state: much material has been unearthed, but without any real sense of direction or coherence. This book places the events of the century within a clearly delineated framework of constitutional structures, practices and expectations, in an attempt to show the meaning of the apparently frenetic and purposeless political events which occurred within that framework - and which sometimes breached it. At the same time it takes cognisance of all the work that has been done on the period, including recent and innovative work on Henry VI.
American rose annual 1957
Water colors & drawings : catalogue of exhibition
Roses of the world in colour
Encyclopedia of rose science. Vol. 2
The dictionary of roses in colour
On Finnish micromycetes 6 : the Phragmidium species on roses in Eastern Fennoscandia, with special reference to the cariation in the size of the spores
Easy-care roses : low-maintenance charmers
Abstract: Use and introduction of medicinal plants with adaptogen effects in Finland.
The roses
Shrub roses and climbing roses : with hybrid tea and floribunda roses
Proceedings of the IVth International Symposium on Rose Research and Cultivation : Santa Barbara, California, USA, September 18 - 22, 2005
Climbing roses : the new plant library
Proceedings of the Vth International Symposium on Rose Research and Cultivation : Gifu, Japan, May 24 - 28, 2009
Wild roses in Norden : taxonomic discussion
The pocket encyclopaedia of roses in colour
Flowers that kill : communicative opacity in political spaces
Evaluation of suitable technique and determination of appropriate stage for sampling thrips in rose flowers
Compendium of rose diseases
Anyone can grow roses
International Postharvest Science Conference : Postharvest 96 : Taupo, New Zealand 4th to 9th August, 1996
Fair Trade is arguably a contested brand in the market. There has been a debate to whether Fair Trade is really fair. Fair Trade claims to help producers in developing countries to compete fairly in the international market. The author commissioned an independent study on Fair Trade Roses. The main objective of the research was conducted to find out whether Fair Trade was actually helping producers in Kenya. The topic was triggered by the author's curiosity in Fair Trade. The Fair Trade Roses spurred the author's interest as it came from a developing country, Kenya which the author has ties to. The case study was based on Fair Trade Roses which are grown in Kenya, a developing country and how and if Fair Trade has helped the individuals involved. The thesis was a qualitative study and most of the secondary research data was collected from several literature and online sources. The primary data was collected through interviews; a flower farm field visit, and events related to Fair Trade attended by the author. The research and study took 10 months to gather information. The author discovered negative aspects to Fair Trade that question Fair Trade's authenticity. Its sale in Finland has been tremendous growth of corporations selling the product it is overall positive and helpful towards the socio-economic development of development communities.
The complete gardener
