http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13834 instruction manuals
instruction manuals
The  no cooking cookbook
Mechatronics for the evil genius
The Beginner's Guide to Windows 7
The readability and usability of translated Finnish digital set-top box user manuals
The power of the picture versus the wisdom of the word : a comparative study on the usability of installation manuals in written, illustrated and video formats
Open here : the art of instructional design
Nudging in public service design : a research project of designing a common laundry room service for HOAS
The new pesticide user's guide
Relevance in the translation of instructions with special emphasis on indirectness and the avoidance of direct personal reference
How hard can it be to use a technical manual? : interaction between the text and the user in a user situation : - a case study of text-user relationship in technical documentation
Zonation : spatial conservation planning framework and software : version 3.1 : user manual
Translating a technical manual with a special focus on usability
Zonation : spatial conservation planning methods and software : version 4 : user manual
Technical writing and professional communication for nonnative speakers of English
Translator as a customer : internationalizing software documentation : a pro gradu thesis
Fanuc CNC custom macros : programming resources for Fanuc Custom Macro B users
How to eat better for less money : with a helpful supplement on budget wines and spirits
Usability and acceptability in user documentation : a case study on a power plant manual
UNIX for programmers and users
Detecting (causes of) misunderstanings in text-user interaction
Development of Editor Net Community user guide
'In a way it's a problem you don't know that data terminology' - on the relationship between vocabulary and text accessibility
Understanding operating instructions : a study of the language from a psycholinguistic point of view
OpenSUSE Linux : unleashed
RMG-Carrier HD86-7, operation and overhaul manual (mechanics and hydraulics)
Autodesk Robot Structural Analysis Professional -2014 : Ken Marsh
Language of interaction in online shopping
Process of user documentation in the software industry. A theoretical consideration with reference to three Finnish software companies
Vegetables from amaranth to zucchini : the essential reference
Manual labour : on translating manuals, with special reference to translation strategies
Information graphics : innovative, solutions in contemporary design
Use and effect of declarative information in user instructions
Learning with collaborative software : a guide to Fle3
Accessibility and text-reader interaction
Text organisation in operating instructions for video cassette recorders. A comparative study
No secret science : user-centered design in the process of developing a sensor set for brain wave monitoring on critically ill patients
Heavy Fuel Oil (HFO) is widely used to produce electricity with boiler plants or diesel power plants. Other common applications of heavy fuel oil are boilers and blast furnaces in industry. HFO is used also in the pulp and paper industry. Shipping is using one third of all HFO to power up typically larger marine vessels. Economical optimization in operations is one of today's trends in the industry; the price of used energy starts to be the major issue. Due to that, heavy fuel oil is still very appealing and competitive solution as a fuel. The problem with the HFO use is to ensure the correct treatment of it. The functions of the fuel oil treatment system are to clean fuel oil and supply it for engines at required pressure and viscosity. The system also ensures the correct fuel oil flow over the engines. The purpose of the thesis was to describe the system and to introduce one kind of treatment system. Wärtsilä Finland Training Services owns a fuel oil treatment system which is intended for medium-speed diesel engines, which use either heavy fuel oil or light fuel oil. The primary use of the system is to provide a safe training environment for Wärtsilä's own maintenance and operating personnel and also for customers from power plants and ship installations. The treatment system is a somewhat old and therefore the documentation of the system is insufficient. Due to this the use of the system for training purposes is difficult and unsafe. The main goal of the thesis is to create an updated system description, a speciation and an operating instruction for the system to improve the explained situation. As a result of the thesis, documentation of the system was created, which explains the operations of the HFO treatment system, processes and components. There are lots of different types of heavy fuel oil treatment systems in the field. The topic was limited to focus on the heavy fuel oil treatment system made for training purposes of Wärtsilä Training Services. The updated HFO treatment system description includes and explains all equipment placed in the current system. The PI diagram of the HFO treatment system is also now updated. This enables the safe use of the equipment. Generally this thesis project also increased awareness and knowledge of the fuel oil treatment system among the training department, which is beneficial for coming training courses in the future.
After Effects expressions
Summary: What patients ask about their medicines in the pharmacy?.
Understanding the internet : A glimpse into the building blocks, applications, security and hidden secrets of the Web
On the accessebility conditions of textual meaning
Software testing and testing tools
Usability of Vaisala's customer documentation
Application manual for heat exchangers in power plants
Easy gourmet cooking
Translation quality assessment : a case study of instructions for use
Portable device user documentation : printed, online and embedded assistance
Ipad at work for dummies
Technical documentation solutions series : writing plain instructions : how to write user manuals, online help, and other forms of user assistance that every user understands
Snowmobile : service manual
ArchiCAD 12 reference guide : a virtual building solution
Technical documentation basics : how to write that f***ing manual : the essentials of technical writing in a nutshell
Honey : from flower to table
Facebook for grown-ups
Process description and specifictation for heavy fuel oil treatment system
Microsoft Exchange Server 2010 ; best practices
The psychology of everyday things
Potluck cookery : 320 answers to the problem of "left-overs", answers to "nothing-in-the-house" puzzle, money-saving, time-saving, easy-to-follow royal roads to original cooking with what you have on hand in the cupboard or refrigerator
Minimalism beyond the Nurnberg funnel
The insect cookbook : food for a sustainable planet
From linear to non-linear : on the adaptation of hypertext, usability, and minimal manual studies to production of hypertext user guides
Testing manual usability : a task-based assessment of the usability of two manual versions
Principles of accessibility and design in English texts : research in progress 2
Usability of electronic household appliances : panel test and study of user's manuals
Complete quick and easy cookbook
Into the Core : a look at Tiny Core Linux
ArchiCAD 8 : training guide
EV80C51FX microcontroller evaluation board : User's manual : Release 001.
Scad : user manual
APU Project, On-line help system for ESIM Software
Quality of technical documentation
Mobile phone terminology : management and recommendations and their application in user guides
Android tablets for dummies
Variables of accessebility in technical manuals : a reader-based survey of style preferences
Crop protection chemicals reference
Second-time cool : the art of chopping up a sweater
Guidelines for developing instructions
Medicinal plants of Thailand : past and present
Performance of reduced herbicide doses in spring cereals
The design of everyday things
The purpose of this project is to create the basic guidelines on how to implement the purchase web portal and also have the purchase web portal working on the basic level. The purchase web portal will be built based on these guidelines. Further more a user manual for the future customers is created.     ITaito Oy has assigned this project to Rahil Bedretdin as he is employed by iTaito Oy. It is decided that Rahil Bedretdin is responsible for implementing and maintaining the purchase web portal. ITaito Oy Monitors and supports Rahil Bedretdin as necessary.    This thesis consists of guidelines for customer creation, customer management, pricing, product management and printout creation. Further more subject of information gathering and naming conventions are touched briefly.    The user manual version 1.0 is created and we're still waiting for the launch of the purchase web portal after which improvements (if needed) will be done based on customer feedback.    The guidelines that have been set in this thesis are being used in the actual creation of the purchase web portal. The project is slowly going on. The guidelines will be uploaded to Kronodoc program where ITaito employees can view the guidelines and use them if they need to.    The purchase web portal is tested and there are 3 "Pilot" customers using it. The full potential of the portal hasn't been released yet because Kaseya project is not ready yet and the integration between the purchase web portal and Planmill is not ready.
DVD usability research
Automatic hypertext construction using document metadata and pattern matching
Implementing a purchase web portal
Between manual and the reader : technical translation and the usability of manuals
Kinetic kid : guiding child interaction within a motion game
Deploy that fabric : 23 sewing projects use military uniforms in everyday life
Understanding MapInfo : a structured guide
Design for people : stories about how (and why) we all can work together to make things better
Microsoft Windows server 2008 : a beginner's guide
Laptops for dummies
Handmade home : simple ways to repurpose old materials into new family treasures
The user-friendliness of patient information leaflets and labelling : case: Oftaquix
IPad® in education for dummies® / by Sam Gliksman
Creating work instructions for punching machine operators at Ojala Yhtymä
