http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1385 whisky
whisky
Shackleton's whisky : the extraordinary story of an heroic explorer and twenty-five cases of unique MacKinlay's Old Scotch
Jim Murray's complete book of whisky : the definitive guide to the whiskies of the world
The Bourbon Kings
Distilling knowledge : a professional guide to spirits and liqueurs
Single malt & Scotch whisky
1001 whiskies you must try before you die
Cool cocktails : the hottest new drinks and the best of the classics
For generations, the Bradford family has worn the mantle of kings of the bourbon capital of the world. Their sustained wealth has afforded them prestige and privilege--as well as a hard-won division of class on their sprawling estate, Easterly. Upstairs, a dynasty that by all appearances plays by the rules of good fortune and good taste. Downstairs, the staff who work tirelessly to maintain the impeccable Bradford facade. And never the twain shall meet. For Lizzie King, Easterly's head gardener, crossing that divide nearly ruined her life. Falling in love with Tulane, the prodigal son of the bourbon dynasty, was nothing that she intended or wanted--and their bitter breakup only served to prove her instincts were right. Now, after two years of staying away, Tulane is finally coming home again, and he is bringing the past with him. No one will be left unmarked: not Tulane's beautiful and ruthless wife; not his older brother, whose bitterness and bad blood know no bounds; and especially not the ironfisted Bradford patriarch, a man with few morals, fewer scruples, and many, many terrible secrets. As family tensions--professional and intimately private--ignite, Easterly and all its inhabitants are thrown into the grips of an irrevocable transformation, and only the cunning will survive.
Whisky : technology, production and marketing
The classic whisky handbook : an essential companion to the world's finest whiskies
The school of sophisticated drinking : an intoxicating history of seven spirits
Whisky & Scotland : a practical and spiritual survey
Noble spirits : the film trilogy : the story of cognac, rum and whisky
The world atlas of whisky
Malt whisky
Whisky : the manual
Irish whiskey : a 1000 year tradition
Sip & sing. Whisky and wine : sing, drink and be merry!
A double scotch : how Chivas Regal and The Glenlivet became global icons
The house of Haig
Noble spirits : the story of cognac, rum and whisky : the film trilogy
Greek whisky : the localization of a global commodity
The Connoisseur's book of spirits & coctails
Quick guide to spirits : what they are, how they're made, how they're used
The bar & beverage book
Handbook of food and beverage fermentation technology
Decanter Magazine's guide to the Great Scotch Whisky Houses
Scotch whisky : its past and present
As a native of Scotland, bestselling author Iain Banks has decided to undertake a tour of the distilleries of his homeland in a bid to uncover the unique spirit of the single malt. Visiting some of the world's most famous distilleries and also some of its smallest and most obscure ones, Banks embarks on a journey of discovery which educates him about the places, people and products surrounding the centuries-old tradition of whisky production. Using various modes of transport - ferries to the islands, cars across the highlands, even bicycles between bus stops - Banks' tour of Scotland combines history, literature and landscape in an entertaining and informative account of an exploration in which the arrival is by no means the most important part of the journey.
Appreciating whisky
Spirits & Liqueurs of the world
Whisky tales
Wines, spirits and liqueurs
Raw spirit : in search of the perfect dram
Wines and spirits
Cheers! : a spirited guide to liquors and liqueurs
The original Scotch : a history of Scotch whisky from the earliest days
The art of whisky : a deluxe blend of historic posters from the Public Record Office
Whisky classified : choosing single malts by flavour
The whiskies of Scotland
Michael Jackson's complete guide to single malt scotch / updated by Dominic Roskrow and Gavin D. Smith
The single malt whisky companion : a connoisseur's guide
Whiskey & philosophy : a small batch of spirited ideas
Classic spirits of the world : a comprehensice guide
Food, drink and identity in Europe
Whiskypedia : A compendium of Scottish whisky
The world whisky guide
Michael Jackson's malt whisky companion
Whiskey in the kitchen : the lively art of cooking with bourbon, scotch...
The science and commerce of whisky
Wine regions of the world
Scotch whisky : questions and answers
Cooking with Irish whiskey
Malt whisky : a comprehensive guide for both novice and connoisseur
Classic irish whiskey
Whisky
Scotch on the rocks : the true story of the 'Whisky Galore' ship
The world guide to whisky : Scotch, Irish, Canadian, Bourbon, Tennessee sour mash and the whiskies of Japan
The malt whisky file : [the connoisseur's guide to malt whiskies and their distilleries]
Wines and spirits : understanding style and quality
"The Bar and Beverage Book explains how to manage the beverage option of a restaurant, bar, hotel, country club--any place that serves beverages to customers.  It provides readers with the history of the beverage industry and appreciation of wine, beer, and spirits; information on equipping, staffing, managing, and marketing a bar; and the purchase and mixology of beverages.   New topics in this edition include changes to regulations regarding the service of alcohol, updated sanitation guidelines, updates to labor laws and the employment of staff, and how to make your operation more profitable. New trends in spirits, wine, and beer are also covered"--
Scotch : the whisky of Scotland in fact and story
Classic bourbon, tennessee & rye whiskey
Scotch Whisky : top single malts
To be continued, or, Conversations with a toad
