http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13888 treasures
treasures
The last secret of the temple
Mike the knight and wizard's treasure
The tomb of Hercules
Treasures of the British museum
The Templar legacy
The atlas of lost treasures : rediscover ancient wonders from around the world
The cloud maker
The night-time knight
The metal detecting bible : helpful tips, expert tricks and insider secrets for finding hidden treasures
The hidden
The fifth gospel :a : a novel
Siberian red
Alex and the Ironic Gentleman
Modern-day Toronto: A heavy leather-bound book written in an unrecognisable language is delivered to the Speckled Muse, the antique bookshop owned by Crystal and Becca Hatcher's mother. When Becca opens it, she's sent into a coma, leaving Crys behind to uncover a series of terrifying secrets. Ancient Mytica: A merciless goddess hunts for the elusive treasure that will make her ruler not only of Mytica, but of all the unseen worlds that lay beyond it. Modern-day Toronto: Rich and aimless Farrell Grayson finally has the chance to prove himself when the mysterious leader of a powerful secret society invites him into his fold. Ancient Mytica: Maddox Corso has always been different, but never remarkable. Everything changes the day he meets a pretty, unfamiliar girl from a faraway land, only to realise that he's the only one who can see her. Fate has brought these young people together, but ancient magic threatens to rip them apart.
Black sails. The complete second season
Maria, Emilio, the governor and her right-hand man have fled Puerto Blanco. On the small island where they're hiding, they've been shocked to discover the Barracuda! But its captain is no longer onboard, and they'll have to venture inland to find him - despite the indigenous tribes who live there. Raffy, meanwhile, wasn't lucky enough to escape, and he is still in the hands of the Spanish forces and the new governor: his former lover and ex-prostitute Keen-Flame?
Clank! : a deck-building adventure
The king's dragon
Captain Teachum's buried treasure
Tombs & treasures
Lego Indiana Jones : the original adventures : PlayStation 3
The moon and the sun
The Jolley-Rogers and the Cave of Doom
Kingdom of darkness
Sir Charlie Stinky Socks and the tale of two treasures
Captain Flinn and the pirate dinosaurs : missing treasure!
Tales of the Black Feather Three and their exploits abound far and wide, and Wydrin of Crosshaven, Lord Aaron Frith and Sir Sebastian have become sell swords in demand. Having foiled powerful mages and evil magic, they now face a challenge unlike any before - in the form of Wydrin's mother. Devinia the Red, notorious pirate and captain of the Poison Chalice, is intent on finding the fabled treasure hidden within the jungles of the cursed island of Euriale. She needs the skills of her daughter Wydrin and her companions to get there, and our heroes cannot resist the lure of coin and adventure. But no explorer has returned from the heart of the island, and it's not long before the Three find themselves in the clutches of peril. Deep within the island of the gods, there are remnants of forces best left undisturbed...
A bloody storm
The Midas legacy
Wonderful things : uncovering the world's great archaeological treasures
Joining forces with Israeli cop Arieh Ben-Roi, Egyptian detective Yusuf Khalifa investigates the discovery of a body at an isolated archaeological site, a death he connects with a murdered Israeli, which ultimately leads to an enigma dating back to 70 A.D.
Bear Island
The fifth gospel
The Count of Monte Cristo
Luke Evans reads Treasure island
The rule of four
Templar
Atticus Claw on the misty moor
An island of our own
Small knight and George and the pirates
The antiques magpie : a compendium of absorbing history, stories and facts from the world of antiques
Treasure Island
The nautical chart
Birthday treasure
The gold of the Pharaohs
Treasure island
Eoin Colfer's Artemis Fowl : The eternity code : [the graphic novel]
The darkest magic
Tally and Squill in a sticky situation
Treasure hunters
The search for buried treasure
The complete illustrated history of the Aztec & Maya
The secret museum
In Oceanos, play as expedition captain and plunge into the ocean depths aboard your submarine. Collect surprising animal species, discover the biggest coral reefs, and gather forgotten treasure with the help of your scuba divers. Don't forget to upgrade your submarine during the trip if you want to take all of your discoveries back to shore. Most importantly, beware the Kraken's curse!
My treasure hunt trouble!
Tarnished icons  : an inspector Porfiry Rostnikov mystery
Magi : the labyrinth of magic. 17
Property of a noblewoman
A magical white jade stone and a map inscribed in bone that may be the key to an even greater mystery--this is the treasure Bren and Mouse have found buried on the Vanishing Island. Mouse is determined to follow the map to a place called the Dragon's Gate, convinced it will explain who she really is and the powers she possesses. Bren has had enough adventure for one lifetime and would like nothing more than to return to his father in Map. But nothing goes according to plan when the survivors of the Albatross are rescued by Lady Jean Barrett, a charismatic archaeologist with a sense of destiny. Barrett is on a quest for the Eight Immortals, ancient artifacts she believes are buried in the tomb of China's first emperor--the location of which has been hidden for nearly two thousand years. The only way for Bren, Mouse, and Barrett to all get what they want is to work together on a dangerous journey into the heart of China, a kingdom long closed to outsiders, where the greatest secrets about Mouse and Bren are waiting to be unveiled / WorldCat.
Adventures of sea
Meg and the pirate
Treasure Island : retold from Robert Louis Stevenson original
Modern-day Toronto: Sisters Crystal and Becca Hatcher are reunited after reclaiming the Bronze Codex and narrowly escaping death. They have no one to trust but each other, and the only thing keeping them safe is the book that sent Becca's spirit to Ancient Mytica--the same book that their enemies would kill them for.   Ancient Mytica: Maddox grapples to keep his newly discovered powers under control, while the ruthless goddess Valoria hunts him down.  Modern-day Toronto: Farrell embraces his dark side as he unwittingly falls further under the spell of Markus, the mastermind leader of the nefarious Hawkspear Society, who will stop at nothing to find Crys and Becca--and the remarkable book in their possession.
Burgle your way to adventure in Clank!, the new deck-building board game. Sneak into an angry dragon's mountain lair to steal precious artifacts. Delve deeper to find more valuable loot. Acquire cards for your deck and watch your thievish abilities grow.  Be quick and be quiet. One false-step and -- CLANK! Each careless sound draws the attention of the dragon, and each artifact stolen increases its rage. You can only enjoy your plunder if you make it out of the depths alive!
The gods of Atlantis
Primeval : an Event Group adventure
The count of Monte Cristo
Space pirates and the treasure of Salmagundy
The dolphins of Laurentum : a Roman mystery
Jewel cavern
Master Money the millionaire
The silver tide
Poppy the pirate dog and the treasure keeper
Derrick Storm is back - this time with a crack team of ghost CIA operatives. These former agents have all faked their own deaths and now work for the CIA on a strictly secret basis, taking on dangerous and illegal jobs the agency may not officially carry out. They're headed to the Molguzar Mountains to look for sixty billion dollars' worth of gold hidden by the KGB before the collapse of the Soviet Union, and taking a perilous detour to rescue FBI agent April Showers from a sociopathic torturer.
Nina trying to follow in her late mother's footsteps as she and husband Eddie search for King Midas' legacy. A return to Atlantis The lost city has defined Nina Wilde's life. Her parents' obsession with Atlantis cost them their lives, but finding it brought Nina to her husband Eddie Chase and a series of archaeological treasures. A secret codex A decade later, the International Heritage Agency needs their help to locate the Secret Codex, an account of ancient Atlantean explorer Talonor's journeys, thought to be located in the dangerous underwater ruins of Atlantis. Unable to resist one more adventure, the couple join the mission. A king whose touch turns to gold But when a long-lost relative reappears in Nina's life, asking her to use the Codex to find a hidden cave containing the secret of King Midas, she is unprepared for the devastation that follows. The promise of unlimited gold has aroused the greed of powerful and ruthless forces and only Nina and Eddie stand in their way.
The island of thieves
Treasure trove where to find the great lost treasures of the world
A book of spirits and thieves
Pirates : the secrets of Blackbeard's world
The stolen
How to find gold
When Harry and Oats hear strange noises in the castle they set off to explore only to find treasure, shields and yet more knightly adventures in store for them both!
The adventures of Tintin : danger at sea
Why the sea is salty : a tale from Korea
Plunge into the pirate pool
The Midas code
The collector's cabinet : tales, facts & fictions from the world of antiques
The vanishing island
The sign of four
It's 1599, the Age of Discovery in Europe. Bren Owen, growing up in the small town of Map on the coast of Britannia, is inspired by the arcane maps his father creates as a cartographer for a map mogul named Rand McNally. When a dying sailor gives Bren a strange gift, cracking the hidden code could lead Bren to a fabled lost treasure-- as well as great danger and an unusual friend named Mouse / WorldCat.
Magi : the labyrinth of magic. 16
The Tiger warrior
The nautical chart : a novel of adventure
Dead man's chest
The island treasure; or, Harry Darrel's fortunes / by Frank H. Converse
Samantha Sutton and the labyrinth of lies
The dragon's gate
The cult of Osiris
Treasures in the national library
The chaos code
The Jolley-Rogers and the cave of doom
The copper scroll : overview, text and translation
The lost island
Treasure hunt
Lego Indiana Jones : the original adventures : Nintendo DS
Moomins on the Riviera = Muumit Rivieralla
The skeleton pirate
Felix and the blue dragon
Atlantis has defined Nina Wilde's life. Her parents' obsession with Atlantis cost them their lives, but finding it brought Nina to her husband Eddie Chase and a series of archaeological treasures. A decade later, the International Heritage Agency needs their help to locate the Secret Codex, an account of ancient Atlantean explorer Talonor's journeys, thought to be located in the dangerous underwater ruins of Atlantis. Unable to resist one more adventure, the couple join the mission. But when a long-lost relative reappears in Nina's life, asking her to use the Codex to find a hidden cave containing the secret of King Midas, she is unprepared for the devastation that follows. The promise of unlimited gold has aroused the greed of powerful and ruthless forces and only Nina and Eddie stand in their way.
Marge and the pirate baby
