http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13813 depth psychology
depth psychology
Psychology and alchemy
Interviewing in depth : the interactive-relational approach
Consciousness : the science of subjectivity
Developments in psycho-analysis
The birth of pleasure : a new map of love
Jung in context : modernity and the making of a psychology
Foundations of morality : an investigation into the origin and purpose of moral concepts
The syndetic paradigm : the untrodden path beyond Freud and Jung
What we may be : techniques for psychological and spiritual growth through psychosynthesis
Jung : a feminist revision
Blindspots : the many ways we cannot see
The essential Jung
We : understanding the psychology of romantic love
Analytical psychology : its theory and practice : the Tavistock lectures
Half-occlusion processing in stereoscopic vision
Perceived relative motion in depth in a natural situation
New introductory lectures on psycho-analysis
On balance / Adam Phillips
Where Id was : challenging normalization in psychoanalysis
C.G. Jung, word and image
The birth of pleasure
Interpreting dreams
On flirtation
He : understanding masculine psychology
Jung on war, politics and nazi Germany : exploring the theory of archetypes and the collective unconscious
Dance therapy and depth psychology : the moving imagination
The ego and the id
The politics of social theory : Habermas, Freud and the critique of positivism
What life could mean to you
Character analysis
The archetypes and the collective unconscious
The political psyche
The four fundamental concepts of psycho-analysis
The psychopathology of everyday life
Jung on mythology
The individual psychology of Alfred Adler : a systematic presentation in selections from his writings
Jung on synchronicity and the paranormal
Freud on the Acropolis : a detective story
An introduction to Jung's psychology
Psyche : inventions of the other. Vol. 2
C. G. Jung : word and image
Feeling the words : neuropsychoanalytic understanding of memory and the unconscious
The living God and our living psyche : what Christians can learn from Carl Jung
Jung and the interpretation of the Bible
BPS Manual of psychology practicals : Experiment, Observation and Correlation
Psyche and culture - culture in psyche : myth, symbol and history in C. G. Jung's psychology
Freud and his time : the influence of the master psychologist on the emotional problems in our lives
Introductory lectures on psychoanalysis
Inside lives : psychoanalysis and the growth of the personality
"The Good Story" is an exchange between a writer with a long-standing interest in moral psychology and a psychotherapist with a training in literary studies. Arabella Kurtz and J.M. Coetzee consider psychotherapy and its wider social context from different perspectives, but at the heart of both their approaches is a concern with stories. Working alone, the writer is in sole charge of the story he or she tells. The therapist, on the other hand, collaborates with the patient in telling the story of their life. What kind of truth do the stories created by patient and therapist aim to uncover: objective truth or the shifting and subjective truth of memories explored and re-experienced in the safety of the therapeutic relationship? The authors discuss both individual psychology and the psychology of the group: the school classroom, the gang, the settler nation where the brutal deeds of the ancestors have to be accommodated into a national story. Drawing on great writers like Cervantes and Dostoevsky and on psychoanalysts like Freud and Melanie Klein, they offer illuminating insights into the stories we tell of our lives.
Depth psychology & modern man : a new view of the magnitude of human personality, its dimensions & resources
The interpretation of dreams : the illustrated edition
The creation of consciousness : Jung's myth for modern man
Psyche and the arts : Jungian approaches to music, architecture, literature, film and painting
Feeling film : affect and authenticity in popular cinema
C. G. Jung and the psychology of symbolic forms
The symbolic & the real : a new psychological approach to the fuller experience of personal existence
Pastoral care and process theology
Transforming shame : a pastoral response
Sensation and perception
Carl Jung : wounded healer of the soul
The psychology of Akan religious healing
Analytical psychology : Its theory and practice
Crossing to Avalon : a woman's midlife pilgrimage
The revelation of St. John : an inner journey to liberation
The Grail legend
Psyche : inventions of the other. Vol. 1
The interpretation of dreams
Orthogonal localization of visual objects : Some experiments on space perception
The good story : exchanges on truth, fiction and psychotherapy
Are universes thicker than blackberries : discourses on Gödel, magic hexagrams, Little Red Riding Hood, and other mathematical and pseudoscientific topics
Introducing Jung
The portable Jung
PsychoDarwinism : the new synthesis of Darwin & Freud
Dying : a psychoanalytical study with special reference to individual creativity and defensive organization
The essentials of psycho-analysis
Close to the bone : life threatening illness and the search for meaning
On the nature of the psyche
