http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13866 instruction books
instruction books
The rigging handbook : tools and techniques for modern and traditional rigging
Admiralty manual of navigation. Vol. 1.
Drawing technigues : an essential guide to drawing
Moving to the United States of America and immigration
Saved by soup : more than 100 delicious low-fat soup recipes to eat and enjoy every day
How to run seminars & workshops : presentation skills for consultants, trainers and teachers
A manual of singlehanded sailing
The photographer's playbook : 307 assignments and ideas
The Avid digital editing room handbook
Simply satisfying : over 200 vegetarian recipes you’ll want to make again and again
Dog treats : the barktender's guide to easy homemade dogtails and muttinis
Fifty shades of chicken
The graphic communication handbook
Developing the brand identity for Index Kosova
Solutions manual to accompany simulation and the Monte Carlo method
It's my life! : a power journal for teens : a workout for your mind
Designing user friendly manuals : How to help the users to achieve their goals
Asian pickles : India : recipes for Indian sweet, sour, salty, and cured pickles and chutneys
Coeliac's new cookbook : naturally gluten-free foods and treats
Handmade weddings : more than 50 crafts to style and personlize your big day
How to do Punch and Judy
MANAGEMENT MANUAL FOR JIANGXI DOHR CASING CO., LTD.
Zonation : spatial conservation planning methods and software : version 4 : user manual
SAS/STAT 12.1. user's Guide : survey data analysis /.
The China study cookbook : over 120 whole food, plant-based recipes
Building Suomen Käteisnosto Oy's Anna brand and creating a brand manual for the brand
Sailing : the complete practical manual : navigation, manoeuvring, knots & rigging
Fashion design course : [principles, practice, and techniques: the practical guide for aspiring fashion designers]
Dead reckoning : altitude and azimuth table
The book of the Islamic market inspector = Nihāyat al-Rutba fī Ṭalab al-Ḥisba : (the utmost authority in the pursuit of Ḥisba)
The Transport Manager's Handbook 1977
Excel 2016 : in easy steps
How to produce better worksheets
Gait lab : software manual
Antipasti : fabulous appetizers and small paltes
Puppets : methods and materials
500 Paleo Recipes : hundreds of delicious recipes for weight loss and super health
Sunday dinners : food, family, and faith from our favorite pastors
The book of whole meals : a seasonal guide to assembling balanced vegetarian breakfasts, lunches & dinners
Maintenance manual Scandia OT340
Yachtmaster offshore : the art of seamanship
The disaster recovery handbook : a step-by-step plan to ensure business continuity and protect vital operations, facilities, and assets
The Engineer's Cookbook
The ability to deliver great value with short lead times at reasonable cost to customers is the crucial success factor in today's fast changing markets. Companies that apply traditional software development practices like waterfall processes need to often transform to lean and agile software development to maintain competitiveness. An execution of a current state analysis can discover many issues in the software development processes. This applies especially for an environment, where waterfall software development methods prone to creation of waste, are applied. In order that a company can fully focus on value creation, waste must be recognized and eliminated and agile practices taken in to use. A case example explains how close customer collaboration helped to turn customer dissatisfaction to customer delight. The main goal in this real customer case was to deliver the requested software features fast providing maximum value to the customer. This was achieved by applying enterprise agile concepts, which are explained in this master's thesis in addition to team level agile concepts like scrum. In order to systematically introduce the new practices, a transformation project should be established. Kotter's “Leading Change” provides a comprehensive eight stage model that can be also applied by agile transformation project. In the end the master thesis is concluded by listing the top ten best practices for software development.
Beginner's guide to quilting: 16 projects to learn to quilt
Attitude tables computed for intervals of four minutes between the parallels of latitude 31 and 60 and parallels of declination 0 and 24
The concise yachtmaster guide : a study and revision aid, with exercises, for students of the RYA coastal skipper and yachtmaster offshore shore based courses
Screening adult neurologic populations : a step-by-step instruction manual
Network video production and a customer quality manual
The complete Asian cookbook. Thailand, Vietnam, Cambodia, Laos & Burma
Sun's true bearing or Azimuth tables
Excel formulas & functions for dummies
Art and craft today : compiled by Henry Pluckrose
A survival guide for hotel and motel professionals
Laboratory manual for exercise physiology
The manager's guide to employee-level training
The 33 strategies of war
Handbook for patrol leaders
Run fast. eat slow. : Nourishing Recipes for Athletes
The admiralty list of radio signals. 2, Navigational aids
The complete Indian housekeeper & cook; giving duties of mistress and servants, the general management of the house and practical recipes for cooking in all its branches
Construction and installation of hexagonal wooden cages for fish farming : a technical manual
Multimodal psychiatric music therapy for adults, adolescents and children : a clinical manual
Younger skin in 28 days : the fast-track diet for beautiful skin and a cellulite-proof body
Liferay administrator's guide
Writing for the computer industry
1, 2, 3, sew : build your skills with 33 simple sewing projects
PhotoWorks : step-by-step
Painting with watercolour challenge
Handbook for curates : a late medieval manual on pastoral ministry
A guide to Microsoft Excel 2016 covers such topics as the ribbon interface, managing data, formulas and functions, tables, charts, macros, templates and scenarios, and links and connections.
Girl guiding : a handbook for brownies, guides, rangers and guiders
Cultured food for life : how to make and serve delicious probiotic foods for better health and wellness : [kefir, kombucha, cultured vegetables, sprouted flour, sourdough]
Mendor one : improving quality of self-care for persons with type 2 diabetes with insulin treatment
Essentials of organizational behavior, Instructor's manual with test item file
Guidebook for exchange students
The complete rigger's apprentice : tools and techniques for modern and traditional rigging
Dietitian's handbook of enteral and parenteral nutrition
Mad hungry cravings
Operation manual Lako 650
Molecular genetic characterization of animal genetic resources
Mosby's field guide to occupational therapy for physical dysfunction
Puppet theatre : production and manipulation
The academy of eloquence : 1654
Pocket paper engineer [Vol. 1] : how to make pop-ups step-by-step. 1, Basic Forms
Guidebook for future exchange students
One hand for yourself, one for the ship : the essentials of single-handed sailing
Soundtrack success : a digital storyteller's guide to audio post-production
The how book of scouting
Modern bee : 13 quilts to make with friends
The little book of Twitter
Telemecanique motor controller – use and instructions
The ranger guider's handbook. 2, Part 2
Self-audit handbook for SMEs
Laboratory manual for general zoology
Victoriana : core rulebook
The Extreme Searcher's Internet Handbook : A Guide for the Serious Searcher
English language essays : investigation method and writing strategies
The puppetry handbook
Small scale energy production has become increasingly popular. Each production unit increases the energy independence of individual households, while the aggregate production of many units together decreases the burden on centralized energy production systems. Several technologies for small-scale energy production have been developed.  The aim of this thesis work was to produce English language material about small wind power production technology and the installation process for a small wind power unit in Finland. The thesis work discusses wind, windiness in Finland, and wind power production in theory, and goes through the installation steps.  The wind conditions in Finland are defined as adequate for small-scale wind power production, especially in the coastal and archipelago areas, as well as on fells and hills.  Also inland sites near an open water body or fields are good windy locations. Small wind power production units are commonly used in boats, summerhouses and remote locations, as well as to produce extra energy for housing. The sizing is scaled according to the given application for the wind power production unit, and the energy produced can be used to charge batteries or to produce heat and power. In the case of heat and power production, the system is connected to the common power grid.  A profitable investment in small wind power production requires a combination of selecting an optimal location, having accurate data on long-term wind conditions, calculating the optimum size of the unit, and having a long-lasting reliable small wind power production unit. However, it is impossible to calculate accurate costs or profitability of small wind energy production due to the variability of wind conditions and the fluctuating price of electricity in the grid. The investment costs of small-scale wind power production are high, so the initial investment can only be recouped by operating the production unit over a long period of time. After the expensive initial investments, wind energy is free of charge and naturally renewable despite the maintenance and repair costs. Furthermore, small wind energy production is often considered as a matter of principle for promoters of green energy.  Keywords: Small Wind Power Production, Wind Power, Micro production.
Setting up and running a school garden : a manual for teachers, parents and communities
Improving the stockroom operations of PUMA store Helsinki
Biostatistical design and analysis using R : a practical guide
CCNP BSCI portable command guide
New Zealand prospects : information for intending emigrants
Cruising
Soundtrack success : a digital storyteller's guide to audio-post production
Admiralty list of radio signals : pilot services, vessel traffic services and port operations. Vol. 6, Asia and Australasia
Dead reckoning altitude and azimuth table : Ageton
Nourishing broth : an old-fashioned remedy for the modern world
The international handbook
Be prepared : handbook for guides
The heart of the plate : vegetarian recipes for a new generation
The managing diversity survival guide : a complete collection of checklists, activities, and tips
Learning iCloud data management : a hands on guide to structuring data for iOS and OS X
A feast of ice and fire : the official companion cookbook
Reed's engineering : for masters, mates and junior engineers
Kumihimo basics and beyond : 24 braided and beaded jewelry projects on the kumihimo disk
Senior girl scouting : a program for older girls
Creating work instructions for punching machine operators at Ojala Yhtymä
Compilation of instructions for exchange of crankshaft on a Wärtsilä Vasa 32 engine
The objective of this thesis was to create a sales guide for the internal use of Hewlett Packard. The guide was needed to ensure a smooth cooperation between the sales personnel and the staff at Sales Operations, a part of the organisation that offers services to the sales personnel to help them in their work. The idea for such a guide surfaced from the discussions held within the Special Pricing team.  First a plan was made for the creation of such a guide. After the planning phase it was time to implement the plan. First according to the plan, information was gathered from the company intranet. Next a series of interviews was conducted and data gathered from both the intranet and the interviews was used to create the guide. Along the way a few additional uses for the guide were thought of. These will also be explained in this study. As a result of this project a document called the Sales Guide was created. Originally the doc-ument was planned as a helpful hand book for the sales personnel at HP. The guide that resulted from this project is a comprehensive guide to the workings of the Sales Operations as a whole and it can be used in training new employees and as a helpful insight used in support of process development.  First in the thesis Hewlett Packard is introduced and then project management and the sales management process are briefly explained as they provide a theory basis for the completed sales guide. Next this thesis turns its attention to the creation of this guide. In the end, some recommendations for the future are offered.
Moodle 1.9 : e-learning course development : a complete guide to successful learning using Moodle 1.9
Navigation tables for mariners and aviators
What is aids? : a manual for health workers
Working with deaf people : handbook for healthcare professionals
Short method ex-meridian tables computed for intervals of one minute : between the parallels of latitude 0 and 60 inclusive, with instructions for using the tables in French, German, Spanish, Portoguese, Italian, Dutch, and Scandinavian
Navigation figure drawing : being an introduction to navigation by means of figure drawing
This thesis is a procedural research and its goal is to create a manual for the secretary of the Graduate School of Finance (GSF). The objective of this study is to create instructions for the secretary’s tasks at GSF. These instructions are to be used both in training a new employee and as an ancillary tool during employment. This thesis consists of two main parts: the theory and process of project and the actual product involved. Graduate School of Finance is a non-profit educational organization. The secretary’s position at the organization is part-time; therefore there is a high turnover for this position. For this reason, a comprehensive manual is very useful for the organization. The manual first introduces the organization, its goals and objectives and the position of the secretary. Then it gives instructions for all of a secretary’s tasks and a description of a typical year at GSF. The manual is designed so that it introduces the organization and tasks to a new employee and also gives exact and detailed instructions on each task. For this reason the man-ual also works as an ancillary tool during the employment.     The theory for this research consists of internal marketing, communication and human re-source management. These issues were discussed and studied using literature and academic articles. The author’s own experiences and knowledge relating to secretarial work at GSF were used for creating the final product, i.e., the manual for a GSF secretary.
Transformation from waterfall to agile : eliminate waste, create value
The complete Asian cookbook. Japan & Korea
The ultimate jeweller's guide : the illustrated reference of techniques, tools & materials
Using IBM® SPSS® statistics for research methods and social science statistics
Elementary statistics using Excel. Student's solutions manual
Cost-efficiency of small wind power production in Finland
Veganomicon : the ultimate vegan cookbook
The Beginner's Guide to Windows 7
Sizes may vary : a workbook for graphic design
Chinese architecture and metaphor : Song culture in the Yingzao fashi building manual
ADA pocket guide to enteral nutrition
World study guide : Britain
Guide to practices for meteorological offices serving aviation
Human rights : a primer for Christians
The Admiralty list of radio signals
Christmas cookies : dozens of classic yuletide treats for the whole family
Mediterranean diet for dummies
Practical sailing : up-to-date, complete, authoritative guide to handling today's sailboats in fair weather and foul
Start calligraphy : all the techniques and tips you need to get you started
The writer's digest sourcebook for building believable characters
Manual for the secretary of Graduate School of Finance
OpenSUSE Linux : unleashed
Scout field book
Fresh : new vegetarian and vegan recipes from awardwinning fresh restaurants
Grill every day : 125 fast-track recipes for weeknights at the grill
Clark's pocket handbook for radiographers
Management manual for Jiangxi Dohr Casing Co., Ltd
Seamanship for scouts
Girl scout handbook
How to prepare training manuals : a guide in the preparation of written instructional materials
New complete cookbook
Basic manual for start-up and commissioning of an exhaust gas heat recovery system
The Ranger Guide handbook
Pom-poms! : 25 awesomely fluffy projects
Turnaround : the Orthodox purpose driven life : a one month life strategy for spiritual renewal
The key aim of this thesis is to improve the brand identity of Index Kosova, an opinion, media and market research company operating in Kosovo. The approach involves utilizing a theoretical framework and applying the research findings in a concrete way to make a proposal for a brand code and for the contents for a company brand manual.     The primary goal of this study was to find a suitable brand identity model to improve the brand identity of the case company. The secondary goal was to examine the perceptions of the Index Kosova employees towards the company and to determine the elements of the brand identity that need to be improved, to have a more distinguishable and representative corporate brand. The third goal was to apply a selected brand model for creating a brand manual for the case company.    The theoretical framework analysis in this thesis consists of a description of two well-known theoretical brand models: the Brand Identity Planning model by Aaker and the 4D brand model by Gad. In addition, the framework was enhanced by the description of the brand design process by Wheeler. Further, the key concepts of internal branding have been presented and discussed. Taking into account the case company position and its needs, it is clear that the best approach is to utilize a combination of the 4D Branding model and internal branding concepts for reaching the objectives of the thesis.    The chose method for data collection was qualitative, and was carried out in form of semi-structured interviews. A total of 27 open- ended questions served as a guideline for the interview, and seven employees of the case company were interviewed.     The results of this research discovered the perception of Index Kosova by its employees and determined the strengths and weaknesses of the company. The strengths of the company were utilised for building the brand code and for creating the contents for the brand manual. This thesis further recommends the application of the brand code as a task for every employee.
The ranger guider's handbook. 1, Part 1
Election obligations and standards : a carter center assessment manual
Useful tables from the American practical navigator
Single-handed cruising
Taekwondo textboox
Improving the stockroom operations of PUMA Store Helsinki
A cash withdrawal service is simple and it is relatively hard for Suomen Käteisnosto Oy (later Käteisnosto) to differentiate from its competitors on the Finnish ATM market. Käteisnosto's brand had a name and a logo, but the brand had not been clearly defined. The aim of the thesis was to build Käteisnosto's Anna brand and develop a brand manual that clearly and concisely describes the brand, and will help to understand, manage and communicate the brand.    The conceptual framework of the thesis was created by combining two branding theories by Knapp and Aaker, supplemented with a more detailed description of brand identity and value proposition. According to the created model there are four major steps in branding: assessment, creating brand identity and value proposition, communication, and the future. The first step provides the required information for building the brand and creating the brand manual, which are accomplished in the second and third step. Future is beyond the scope of the thesis.    In order to get all the information required to build the brand and create the brand manual both external and internal viewpoints were necessary. The external viewpoint was acquired by conducting semi-structured interviews to ten potential customers. The internal viewpoint, in turn, was Käteisnosto's view, given by the author.     The results of both viewpoints indicated most importantly that Anna's potential customers are used to free service and its importance is significant. As Käteisnosto cannot provide free service, Annas should be placed in locations where they are visible and easily found, and there is a substantial need for cash but no ATMs close by. Anna should always be available and work properly by avoiding running out of cash. Anna should also be safe, and easy and fast to use.    The created brand manual clearly and concisely describes the newly built Anna brand, which is from now on referred to as Anna ATM. The soul of Anna ATM is to provide service, be convenient, be available, be safe and be dependable. Anna ATM's promise is crystallized in "Always conveniently cash", which is part of the new logo and accompanies "Anna ATM" on every occasion that represents the brand or the company behind the brand.    The brand image of Anna ATM is currently very vague and somewhat incorrect. Already in good time before the proper launch of the Anna ATM brand and the actual ATMs the brand manual should be distributed to all parties that represent Anna ATM so that the correct image can be built. After the launch, Käteisnosto should conduct further customer research in order to find out Anna ATM's brand image. If the image is not in line with the brand identity, Käteisnosto should try to correct it.
A journey through alternative ways of living : a design approach for scaling up grassroots initiatives torwards sustainability
Puppet theatre in performance : everything you need to know about how to produce puppet plays
A pastor's guide to interpersonal communication : the other six days
CAD Productivity Tools : step-by-step
The scholar's guide : 1665
Planning the music for your wedding
A Middle English medical remedy book : edited from Glasgow University Library MS Hunter 185
Microsoft Office Professional 2013 for touch devices : plain and simple
The paleo slow cooker : healthy, gluten-free meals the easy way
Leadership of girl scout troops : concerning the intermediate program for girl scouts ten through fourteen ; illustrated by Catharine C. Lewis
Creating a sales support guide for Hewlett Packard sales reps
The Complete Part Design Handbook : For Injection Molding of Thermoplastics
Artist, the Cook, and the Gardener : recipes inspired by painting from the garden
