http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13810 opera
opera
INTERNATIONAL MUSIC & OPERA GUIDE 1987.
Gramophone opera good CD guide
The handbook of world opera
So when does the fat lady sing? : questions and answers about life, sex, love, and - oh, yes - opera
King Arthur
Opera : a concise history
On the revolution of Peking opera
The Cambridge companion to opera studies
Opera for dummies
Becoming-singer : cartographies of singing, music-making and opera
Verdi with a vengeance : An energetic guide to the life and complete works of the king of opera
Maskerade : a Discworld novel
Porgy and Bess
Ratsumies : libretto Aulis Sallisen säveltämään oopperaan = the libretto of the opera composed by Aulis Sallinen = The horseman
Who's afraid of Opera? : Highly opinionated, informative and entertaining guide to appreciating opera
5000 Nights at the Opera
Music and emotions
Costuming for opera : who wears what and why
International dictionary of opera. Volume 1 : A-K
The dictionary of opera
A midsummer nightns dream, Op. 61
Angels & monsters : male and female sopranos in story of opera, 1600-1900
Masks and shadows
On opera
Chinese Opera : Images and stories
The new Grove dictionary of opera
Wagner and the erotic impulse
Callas : her life, her loves, her music
The Cambridge companion to eighteenth-century opera
Hansel and Gretel
Introducing Wagner : [a graphic guide]
Opera : a history
The world's greatest opera themes for piano
Singing from the soul : an autobiography
Lhamo : opera from the roof of the world
A beginner's guide to opera
Peony in love : a novel
The joy of opera
"The year is 1779, and Carlo Morelli, the most renowned castrato singer in Europe, has been invited as an honored guest to Eszterhaza Palace. With Carlo in Prince Nikolaus Esterhazy's carriage, ride a Prussian spy and one of the most notorious alchemists in the Habsburg Empire. Already at Eszterhaza is Charlotte von Steinbeck, the very proper sister of Prince Nikolaus's mistress. Charlotte has retreated to the countryside to mourn her husband's death. Now, she must overcome the ingrained rules of her society in order to uncover the dangerous secrets lurking within the palace's golden walls. Music, magic, and blackmail mingle in a plot to assassinate the Habsburg Emperor and Empress--a plot that can only be stopped if Carlo and Charlotte can see through the masks worn by everyone they meet"--
Rosa Ponselle : a centenary biography
Market the arts! : an anthology of effective researsch,planning, implementation and follow-up
This volume will give lovers of opera as well as those studying the subject a comprehensive approach to the many facets of opera in the past and today.
Getting the most out of Mozart : the instrumental works
Unsettling opera : staging Mozart, Verdi, Wagner and Zemlinsky
Ring of power : symbols and themes love vs. power in Wagner's Ring circle and in us : a Jungian-feminist perspective
The crafty art of opera : for those who make it, love it or hate it
Characters in Beijing opera = Jingju renwu zaoxing
Mei Lanfang and Peking Opera
The good opera guide
Midsummer nights : new stories, old dreams
Under the canopy of muses : (art to olympic games)
Adding Beijing opera flavour to the Finnish stage
The Simon and Schuster book of the opera : A Complete Reference Guide -1597 to the Present : Over 400 illustrations
The Bel Canto cookbook : for all opera lovers and gourmets
Festival 2015, 21 May-30 August
Evenings at the opera : an exploration of the basic repertoire
The chronicle of opera
Stars of the opera 1950-1985 in photographs
Operatic migrations : transforming works and crossing boundaries
The story of opera
Home book of the opera : detailed plots of the celebrated operas with critical and biographical remarks and dates
Ninefox gambit
A short history of opera
Opera coaching : professional techniques and considerations
Jean-Baptiste Lully
Falling in love
"A richly-researched historical fantasy set in a real eighteenth-century Hungarian palace mingles taut political intrigue with a unique romance starring a castrato hero and a widowed noblewoman across rigid class lines"--
The castrati in opera
Opera : the great composers and their masterworks
Callas : images of a legend
The Phantom of Manhattan
Sopranos, mezzos, tenors, bassos, and other friends
The new Grove dictionary of opera. Volume 2, E - Lom
The stronger
The new Grove dictionary of opera. Volume 3, Lon - Rod
Uusi oopperatalo = Det nya operahuset = The new operahouse
Secrets of a soprano
Peking opera and politics in Taiwan
The Metropolitan Opera cookbook
Opera in a multicultural world : coloniality, culture, performance
The sociology of opera
Opera in history : from Monteverdi to Cage
The opera lover's guide to Europe
Caruso and the art of singing : including Caruso's vocal exercises and his practical advice to students and teachers of singing
The opera singer's career guide : understanding the European Fach system
The new Grove dictionary of opera. Volume 4, Roe - Z
Unmanageable opera? : the artistic-economic dichotomy and its manifestations in the organisational structures of five opera organisations
The heart of Jussi Björling
History of the opera : from Monteverdi to Donizetti. Vol. 1-2
Peking Opera painted faces : with notes on 200 operas
Music and the art of the theatre
A-Z of opera
Opera theoretica. 1
The Penguin opera guide
The new Kobbe's opera book
A song of love and death : the meaning of opera
And they all sang : the great musicians of the 20th century : talk about their music
My beloved man : letters of Benjamin Britten and Peter Pears
The rough guide to opera
Annals of opera 1597-1940
The Italian girl
The relationship between gesture, affect and rhythmic freedom in the performance of French tragic opera from Lully to Rameau
International dictionary of opera. Volume 2 : L - Z, indexes
The Growing Castle
Opera in theory and practice, image and myth
The opera lover's companion
Opera : a crash course
The study of the business of opera has taken on new importance in the present harsh economic climate for the arts. This book presents research that sheds new light on a range of different aspects concerning marketing, audience development, promotion, arts administration and the economic issues that beset opera professionals. The aim of the editors has been to put together a collection of essays that forms a coherent whole by engaging with a single theme (business), although these essays differ in their particular choice of topic and critical perspective. The essays bring the study of opera up to the twenty-first century, and are distinguished by their concern with the business of opera here and now in a globalized market. That means newly commissioned opera, sponsorship, state funding for opera and the production and marketing of historic opera in the twenty-first century.
The illustrated story of opera
The business of opera
Opera in seventeenth-century Venice : the creation of a genre
A pocket guide to opera
Greatest hits
Opera : a history in documents
The Vienna Opera
Rafal Olbinski and the Opera
Verdi's operas : an illustrated survey of plots, characters, sources, and criticism
Opera theoretica. 2
A history of opera : the last four hundred years
Cinderella & company : backstage with Cecilia Bartoli
German opera : from the beginnings to Wagner
Costumes of the Peking Opera
Opera has become big business as well as an art form, attracting young and old, true connoisseurs, enthusiasts and celebrities. And while opera singers and superstars sometimes attract a separate following, the stage director's job is often the one that really counts, yet it is a type of specialised knowledge available only to a select few. Here, Michael Hampe brings glimpses of the director's work to a wider audience. 'The crafty art of opera' uncovers the many techniques and rules that should inform an opera's staging: the need for singers to know their orchestra, the importance of space around singers, the gestures of languages, what we all can learn from Mozart, and the primacy of sense over effect, to name but a few. It shows how stories, through music, become tangible and real. Packed with many anecdotes from the author's luminous career, this book is dedicated to opera-lovers who want to understand 'how it is done'; to opera-makers who want to better understand their craft; and, above all, to those who loathe opera, in order to prove them wrong. Eminently readable, it brings both insight and wit from a life spent in opera as director and teacher.0.
Mozart and the Enlighment : truth, virtue and beauty in Mozart's operas
The Viking opera guide
Chinese opera : images and stories
Nights at the opera : the stories and music of fifteen popular operas
Going to the opera
THE COMPLETE SINGER-ACTOR
Julie Taymor : playing with fire : theater, opera, film
A Midsummer Night's Dream
Gentlemen and spectators : studies in journals, opera and the social scene in late Stuart London
Performing arts : a guide to practice and appreciation
The stage lighting handbook
The unfinished symphony of you and me
Sopranos in opera : profiles of fifteen great sopranos
Opera theoretica. 2a
The new Kobbé's complete opera book
It's a life of the two of us.' This volume comprises the complete surviving correspondence between Benjamin Britten and Peter Pears. The 365 letters written throughout their 39-year relationship are here brought together and published, as Pears intended, for the first time. While the correspondence provides valuable evidence of the development of Britten's works, more significant is the insight into his relationship with Pears and their day-to-day life together. Entertaining to read, domestic and intimate, the letters provide glimpses of cultural and artistic life in the twentieth century, including pacifism and conscientious objection, critical assessments of music and other artists, transport and communications development in the twentieth century, the 'Aldeburgh corpses', art collecting, gossip, everyday life in an English country house, the development of the Aldeburgh Festival, performance practice in early music, looking after dachshunds, travel, and a host of other topics. Above all, when read together, Britten and Pears's letters allow the clearest possible look 'behind the scenes' of one of the most productive creative partnerships of the twentieth century.
Opera : a research and information guide
Swanhunter : communicating the Kalevala and constructing the "idea of North" for a young audience
Opera 2013 : a year of celebrations
The queen's throat : opera, homosexuality and the mystery of desire
Stand up straight and sing! : [a memoir]
Opera for lovers
The Metropolitan Opera 1833-1966 : a candid history
(Dis)embodying myths in anicen régime opera : multidisciplinary perspectives
Concise Oxford dictionary of opera
This short biography of the famous composer Richard Wagner details his life, his works and gives the reader an interesting guide to the style that defined this master of operas and other musical works. This version has been specifically edited and formatted for today's e-readers, and makes an excellent addition to any music-related book collection.
Great first nights : opera
Sound kinks : sadomasochistic erotica in audiovisual music performances
The Oxford history of opera
A night in at the opera : media representations of opera
