http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13850 divinity
divinity
Arguing about gods
The God delusion
Ancient Egyptian demonology : studies on the boundaries between the demonic and the divine in Egyptian magic
Mirror of His beauty : feminine images of God from the Bible to the early Kabbalah
Christology : a biblical, historical, and systematic study of Jesus
"In this book Sigurd Grindheim argues that Jesus implicitly claimed to be God's equal and that his claim to be God's son must be understood in this light. The argument unfolds through analysis of the gospel accounts regarding Jesus' claims to inaugurate the kingdom of God, his understanding of his miracles, his forgiveness of sins, his expectation to be the ultimate judge of all the world, his claim to speak with an authority that matches that of the Mosaic law, the absolute demands he made to his disciples, and his appropriation for himself of metaphors that in the Scriptures of Israel were exclusively used of YHWH. Furthermore Grindheim traces these claimes back to the Historical Jesus. Through a comprehensive examination of the primary sources, Grindheim argues that Jesus' claims go beyond the claims made on behalf of human and even angelic beings within Second Temple Judaism. Jesus presents himself in a role that in a Jewish context was reserved for YHWH." --Publisher's description.
Medieval allegory and the building of the new Jerusalem
From Alexander to Jesus
The knowledge of God in ancient Israel
The thin executioner
Imagine there's no heaven : how atheism helped create the modern world
Becoming god was an ideal of many ancient Greek philosophers, as was the life of reason, which they equated with divinity. This book argues that their rival accounts of this equation depended on their divergent attitudes toward time. Affirming it, Heraclitus developed a paradoxical style of reasoning chiasmus that was the activity of his becoming god. Denying it as contradictory, Parmenides sought to purify thinking of all contradiction, offering eternity to those who would follow him. Plato did, fusing this pure style of reasoning consistency with a Pythagorean program of purification and divinization that would then influence philosophers from Aristotle to Kant. Those interested in Greek philosophical and religious thought will find fresh interpretations of its early figures, as well as a lucid presentation of the first and most influential attempts to link together divinity, rationality, and selfhood.
God's equal : what can we know about Jesus' self-understanding?
Rudolf Otto and the synthesis of the rational and the non-rational in the idea of the Holy : some encounters in theory and practice
The goddess : power, sexuality, and the feminine divine
More than men, less than gods : studies on royal cult and imperial worship. Proceedings of the international colloquium organized by the Belgian school at Athens (November 1-2, 2007
Dying to wake up : a doctor's voyage into the afterlife and the wisdom he brought back
The son of God beyond the flesh : a historical and theological study of the extra Calvinisticum
In whom we live and move and have our being : panentheistic reflections on God's presence in a scientific world
The future of God : a practical approach to spirituality for our times
Gadamer and the question of the divine
Was Jesus God?
The overthrow of hell and its restoration
Secrecy and the gods : secret knowledge in ancient Mesopotamia and biblical Israel
Emperors and the Divine – Rome and its Influence
The courage to be
God : a guide for the perplexed
The atheist's guide to Christmas
Myths to live by
Christ as Creator : origins of a New Testament doctrine
The Bhagavadgītā : doctrines and contexts
The language of the goddess : unearthing the hidden symbols of western civilization
African peoples, alongside other peoples of all generations with good genuine religions have had a sound saving knowledge of the One, True God before Christianity was introduced to them. This is so because the Divine Spirit responsible for this inspiration is not restricted to Christianity. Rather, it is incarnated in every sound and good religion in all the ages of humankind. The main conclusion of my Doctoral Thesis as summed up above has already raised healthy debate in various circles in Kenya and elsewhere. It is hoped that this book will be accessible to more readers than the original Thesis, and that it will raise vigorous discussions on this and related themes. -- “This book is a challenge to all those involved in mission and dialogue in Africa. They are cautioned to avoid the temptation to demand of prospective African converts to abandon their religious heritage as a prerequisite for admission to the Church of Christ. Rather, prospective converts to the Christian faith should be encouraged to digest the Gospel in accordance with their own understanding within their respective cultures. Only through this process can the Gospel become internalized cross-culturally.” Prof. Frans Wijsen, Radboud University, Netherlands. -- “This book imposes on the reader an argument so forcefully articulated that it I difficult to refute. Anyone involve in Christian missionary activity in Africa would be wise to take the book very seriously.” Prof. J.N.K Mugambi, University of Nairobi, Kenya
Conversations with God : an uncommon dialogue. Book 2
The hero with a thousand faces
World's end
Ritual worship of the great goddess : the liturgy of the Durgā Pūjā with interpretations
Reason and responsibility : readings in some basic problems of philosophy
Space, time, and deity : the Gifford lectures at Glasgow 1916-1918. Vol.2
The blurry lines among humans, gods, and animals : the snake in the garden of Eden
Ibn Taymiyya's Theodicy of perpetual optimism
Faith, reason, and the existence of God
The forbidden image : an intellectual history of iconoclasm
Where the conflict really lies : science, religion, and naturalism
A case for the divinity of Jesus : examining the earliest evidence
Magic and witchcraft : from shamanism to technopagans
Mother of the gods : from Cybele to the Virgin Mary
The origin of Chinese deities
Scholars have long recognized the relevance to Christianity of the many stories surrounding the life of Alexander the Great. This title delves into a wide range of primary texts to trace Alexander as a mythological figure, from his relationship to his ancestor and rival, Herakles, to the idea of his divinity as the son of a god.
The universal mother
The Bhagavadgita is one of the most renowned texts of Hinduism because it contains discussions of important issues such as liberation and the nature of action as well as the revelation of the Krishna as the highest god and creator of the universe. It is included in the ancient Indian Mahabharata epic at one of its most dramatic moments, that is, when the final battle is about to begin. In contrast to many other studies, this book deals with the relationship between the Bhagavadgita and its epic contexts. On the basis of a thorough analysis of the text Angelika Malinar argues that its theology delineates not only new philosophical concepts and religious practices but also addresses the problem of righteous kingship and appropriate use of power. Malinar concludes by considering the Bhagavadgita's historical and cultural contexts and those features of the text that became paradigmatic in later Hindu religious traditions.
Sanctuary : poems
The iconography and cult of Kutticcāttan : field research on the sanskritization of local folk deities in Kerala
The divine Father : religious and philosophical concepts of divine parenthood in antiquity
Divine men and women in the history and society of late Hellenism
Divine Mother, Blessed Mother : Hindu goddesses and the Virgin Mary
Representations of the divine in Arabic poetry
Why there almost certainly is a God : Doubting Dawkins
Gods and heroes in art
A History of God : the 4000-year quest of Judaism, Christianity, and Islam
Mythological women : studies in memory of Lotte Motz 1922-1997
Becoming divine, becoming human : deification themes in Irenaeus of Lyons
The texture of the divine : imagination in medieval Islamic and Jewish thought
Space, time, and deity : the Gifford lectures at Glasgow 1916-1918. Vol. 1
Divinity and humanity : the incarnation reconsidered
King and Messiah as Son of God : divine, human, and angelic Messianic figures in Biblical and related literature
One god, two goddesses, three studies of South Indian cosmology
Sacred marriages : the divine-human sexual metaphor from Sumer to early Christianity
God and the goddesses : vision, poetry, and belief in the Middle Ages
Becoming God : pure reason in early Greek philosophy
The four elements : reflections on nature
God and revelation in African context
Rudolf Otto and the concept of holiness
The great work of your life : a guide for the journey to your true calling
A god somewhere
Indiscretion : finitude and the naming of God
Who is Allah?
Goddess as nature : towards a philosophical thealogy
Thoughts on God
The concept of God, the origin of the world, and the image of the human in the world religions
" Cathedrals seem to be among the scarce places where congregations are growing. Attractive without demanding commitment, they introduce the Christian past into the secular present, and patiently celebrate the presence of God in a society where the divine is as optional as poetry. They take risks, often using the arts experimentally in creative theology, venturing into the radical and the prophetic. They provide spiritual hospitality to the jaded; a place to re-imagine the familiar; space to renew and redeem lives. They offer sanctuary. Celebrating the life of one particular cathedral, Sanctuary is a collection of poems that emerged from prize-winning poet Martyn Halsall's year in residence at Carlisle Cathedral in 2013. Based on his observations, notes and interactions, they reflect the wonders, joys and rhythm of cathedral life. Martyn Halsall enjoyed a long career as a journalist, including fifteen years with the Guardian. He now focuses on writing and reviewing poetry and is the poetry editor of Third Way. He was previously Communications Director for the Diocese of Blackburn. " -- (Canterbury Press)
Dr Rajiv Parti was the last man to believe in heaven or hell - until he saw them with his own eyes. Dr Parti was a wealthy man of science with a successful career as the Chief of Anesthesiology at the Bakersfield Heart Hospital in California. He demanded the same success from his son, whose failures provoked episodes of physical abuse from Dr Parti. However, his fate was overturned in 2005, when he was diagnosed with cancer. During his seventh operation against the disease, dying from sepsis with a 105 degree fever, Dr Parti left his body and watched his own operation from the ceiling. What followed was a profound near-death experience, in which Dr Parti was met by archangels and his deceased father, who led him to witness both heaven and hell. From the angels, he learned lessons of spiritual health that they insisted he bring down to earth - to do so, Dr Parti knew he had to change his ways. After his near-death experience, Dr Parti awoke a new man.
