http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1382 counting
counting calculation
1, 2, 3 with Peppa
Dog loves counting
My counting book : a fun, colorful first counting book
Five silly snowmen
One fluffy baa-lamb, ten hairy caterpillars
Counting cockatoos
Usborne Counting rhymes ; the animals went in two by two, hurrah, hurrah!
Ten creepy monsters
Ten Little Princesses
Basic calculations for chemical and biological analysis
Abstract.
My granny went to market : a round-the-world counting rhyme
Learn to count
Ten little pirates
Times Tables / [written by Rosie Dickins] ; [illustrated by Benedetta Giaufret & Enrica Rusinà]
Clinical calculations made easy : solving problems using dimensional analysis
Absolutely one thing : featuring Charlie and Lola
In my pocket
On beyond a million
One moose, twenty mice
A calculating people : the spread of numeracy in early America
The most epic book of maths ever
Basic calculations for chemical and biological analyses
Over in the meadow
Nonsense counting rhymes
The sleep sheep
Finnish pre-service teachers' and upper secondary students' understanding of division and reasoning strategies used
Handbook of natural computing
Number one, tickle your tum
Assessment of fish migration in rivers by horizontal echo sounding : problems concerning side-aspect target strength
The Hueys in none the number : a counting adventure
TI-Nspire for dummies
Alex's adventures in numberland
Make a million with Ant And Bee
From zero to infinity (and beyond) : cool maths stuff you need to know
Count with Maisy
The very hungry caterpillar's Christmas 123
Rooster's off to see the world
Margot and Mo
Hierarchy and expansiveness in two-dimensional subshifts of finite type
How not to be wrong : the hidden maths of everyday life
Counting on Leroy
Calculus for dummies
See inside maths
Zoe and Beans : how Many Pets?
One mole digging a hole
First 100 numbers
How many legs?
Count with Maisy, cheep, cheep, cheep!
The penguin problem
One hundred shoes
Baby's very first 1, 2, 3 book
Richard Scarry's best counting book ever
Babar's counting book
Eat your math homework : recipes for hungry minds
Best counting book ever
Div, grad, curl, and all that : an informal text on vector calculus
Computational methods exploiting integral operators for the analysis of eddy current problems
Let's count to ten
The sheep won't sleep
Integrating open source distributed rendering solutions in public and closed networking environments
Spot a lot vehicle adventure - and count a little, too!
The new picture book : being pictorial lessons on form, comparison, and number, for children under seven years of age
Richard Scarry's from 1 to 10
The murderous maths of everything
Wibbly Pig has 10 balloons
Centipede's 100 shoes
Is there room on the bus? : A round-the world counting story
Is that an elephant in my fridge?
Counting
The water hole
Count my kisses, little one
One cheetah, one cherry : a book of beautiful numbers
Dogs in cars
Biff's first times tables
How many kisses good night?
100 things
Thomas' calculus early transcendentals
Thomas' calculus : early transcendentals : single variable
A child's grandmother travels around the world, buying things in quantities that illustrate counting from one to ten / Library of Congress.
The Newt in the suit
Schaum's outline of theory and problems of mathematics for nurses
The abacus
Can you count? :  jigsaw book
My first counting
The Busy Red Tractor
Quentin Blake's ten frogs
How many bugs in a box? : a pop-up counting book
Murderous maths : the secret of sums
My first Oxford book of numbers
Teaching for understanding in division : a case of elementary teacher students
First verses : finger rhymes, action rhymes, counting rhymes, chanting rhymes
Ten on a train : a cut-out counting book
Learn with Maisy
One, two, cockatoo!
Help your kids with maths : a unique step-by-step guide
How many monsters? : a monster counting book
Reading and math abilities of Finnish school beginners born very preterm
Remarks on repeated prolongation in the supnorm
Spontaneous focusing on numerosity in the development of early mathematical skills
Cinco monitos brincando en la cama = Five little monkeys jumping on the bed
