http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13860 habitat factors
habitat factors
Studies of unifloral honeys are rare in Finland, and thus there are no common traits accepted for their characterization. In our study lingonberry and mire were characterized. The physico-chemical, organoleptic and melissopalynological properties and phenolic composition of the honeys were analysed and the floral origin of the mire honey was considered. Lingonberry honey is reddish and has a flavour of toffee, whereas mire honey has very strong aroma and reddish colour. Both honeys have high electrical conductivity and pH when compared to Finnish polyfloral honeys. They are both rich in fructose, while the number of disaccharides in lingonberry honey is four and in mire honey six. Lingonberry honey has three unifloral specific phenolic compounds. Mire honey has no unifloral-specific phenolic compounds, and its floral origin is not clearly defined.
Predication of regeneration success and wood properties in naturally regenerated stands of scots pine
Ecophysiology of northern spruce species : the performance of planted seedlings
Height growth, site index, and carbon metabolism
Forest site evaluation in Lapland
Symposium on intensive forestry : the role of Eucalypts : proceedings, Durban, South Africa 2-6 September 1991
Shoot growth and flower development in tropical pines : studies on genetic and environmental variation
Development of the production and biomass structure of Scots pine : effects of competition, tree age and site fertility
Risk and our pedagogical relation to children
Understanding the small business sector
Site factors determining epiphytic lichen distribution in a dieback-affected spruce-fir forest on Whiteface Mountain, New York : microclimate
An ecological study of upland forest site classification in Southern Finland
Fine root structure, dynamics and proportion in net primary production of Norway spruce forest ecosystem in relation to site conditions
Tree physiology
The effect of seedling, site, and silviculture factors on vole damage to seedling stands in Päijät-Häme, Finland, during winter 2008/09
Genetic background of HDL-cholesterol and atherosclerosis:linkage and case-control studies in the Northern Finnish population
Sugars, acids and phenolic compounds in currants and sea buckthorn in relation to the effects of environmental factors
Soil and vegetation systems
Seasonal changes in concentrations of free and bound arginine in context to growth disturbances in Scots pine
Conifer growth variability during the Holocene in northern Europe : proceedings of the meeting in Lund, Sweden 16-19 March, 2000
The effects of site and stand factors on the tree and wood quality of Sitka spruce growing in the United Kingdom
The effects of site and soil properties on the establishment and early development of pinus sylvestris and picea abies regenerated from seeds
Summary.
Individual-tree basal area growth models for scots pine, pubescent birch and Norway spruce on drained peatlands in Finland
Vegetations- und bodenkundliche Methoden der forstlichen Standortskartierung : Ergebnisse eines internationalen Methodenvergleichs im Schweizer Mittelland = Ecological and pedological methods of forest site mapping = Méthodes phytosociologiques et pédologiques pour la Cartographie des stationes forestières
Effects of seed properties and environment on seeding emergence and early establishment of Pinus sylvestris L. after direct seedling
Forest site evaluation and long-term productivity
Arboriculture : integrated management of landscape trees, shrubs, and vines
Ecology and management of coppice woodlands
The effects of site and soil properties on the establishment and early development of Pinus sylvestris and Picea abies regenerated from seeds
Faidherbia albida in the West African semi-arid tropics : proceedings of a workshop, 22-26 Apr 1991, Niamey, Niger
Endosphere microbial community assemblage of an inland sand dune colonizing plant
Spatial aspects of forest and forest soil management
Should I stay or should I go? : reproductive and dispersal strategies of site-specific liverwort species
Forest regeneration manual
Conifer growth variability during the Holocene in Northern Europe : proceedings of the meeting in Lund, Sweden 16-19 March, 2000
The forests handbook. Vol. 1, An overview of forest science
Modelling the risk of pine twisting rust (Melampsora pinitorqua) damage in Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris) stands in Finland
Response surfaces of plant species along water-table depth and pH gradients in a poor mire on the southern Alps (Italy)
Variation in needle retention of Scots pine in relation to leaf morphology, nitrogen conservation and tree age
Using dataset of 508 transects of 50 m², we assessed changes in the invasion level of alien plant species in semi-natural agricultural habitats in three study years (2001, 2005 and 2010) in four geographical regions of Finland. In addition, the impact of environmental factors on the occurrence of the most common neophytes (alien species introduced after the 17th century) and the impact of neophytes on native species diversity were studied. In total, 37 neophyte species were detected, but neophytes regarded as highly invasive were rare and occasional. We detected spatio-temporal variation in the invasion level, but it changed according to the measure used. For instance, alien species diversity was lower in south-western Finland than in other years in 2005, and the relative alien species richness was highest in southern and lowest in eastern Finland. Preferences for environmental conditions (disturbance, habitat type and geographical location) and the impact on plant diversity varied among the most common neophytes. The most common neophytes were positively rather than negatively associated with native and alien species diversity. The results suggest that alien species management and control methods should be species-specific and considered case-by-case. Neophytes do not yet cause severe problems, but regular monitoring is needed to detect changes in their invasion levels.
Determining boreal clearcut object properties and characteristics for identification purposes
Characterisation of two unique unifloral honeys from the boreal coniferous zone : lingonberry and mire honeys
Plant secondary metabolites in Peucedanum palustre and Angelica archangelica and their plant cell cultures
CRC handbook of flowering. Vol. 3
Factors affecting the risk of Gremmeniella abietina infection in Scots pine stands
Abstract: How stable is a mire plant community?.
Site quality curves for birch stands in north-western Spain
Fine roots constitute a large part of the primary production in northern (arctic and boreal) ecosystems, and are key players in ecosystem fluxes of water, nutrients and carbon. Data on root dynamics are generally rare, especially so in northern ecosystems. However, those ecosystems undergo the most rapid climatic changes on the planet and a profound understanding of form, function and dynamics of roots in such ecosystems is essential. This thesis aimed to advance our knowledge about fine root dynamics in northern ecosystems, with a focus on fine root phenology in natural plant communities and how climate change might alter it. Factors considered included thickness and duration of snow cover, thawing of permafrost, as well as natural gradients in temperature. Experiments and observational studies were located around Abisko (68°21' N, 18°45' E), and in a boreal forest close to Vindeln (64°14'N, 19°46'E), northern Sweden. Root responses included root growth, total root length, and root litter input, always involving seasonal changes therein, measured with minirhizotrons. Root biomass was also determined with destructive soil sampling. Additionally, aboveground response parameters, such as phenology and growth, and environmental parameters, such as air and soil temperatures, were assessed. This thesis reveals that aboveground patterns or responses cannot be directly translated belowground and urges a decoupling of above- and belowground phenology in terrestrial biosphere models. Specifically, root growth occurred outside of the photosynthetically active period of tundra plants. Moreover, patterns observed in arctic and boreal ecosystems diverged from those of temperate systems, and models including root parameters may thus need specific parameterization for northern ecosystems. In addition, this thesis showed that plant communities differ in root properties, and that changes in plant community compositions can thus induce changes in root dynamics and functioning. This underlines the importance of a thorough understanding of root dynamics in different plant community types in order to understand and predict how changes in plant communities in response to climate change will translate into root dynamics. Overall, this thesis describes root dynamics in response to a variety of factors, because a deeper knowledge about root dynamics will enable a better understanding of ecosystem processes, as well as improve model prediction of how northern ecosystems will respond to climate change.
Essential soil physics : an introduction to soil processes, functions, structure and mechanics
Changes in the invasion level, and impact of alien plants in Finnish semi-natural agricultural habitats
CRC handbook of flowering. Vol. 4
Tropical forestry handbook
Water balance of a boreal Scots pine forest
The hidden life of plants : fine root dynamics in northern ecosystems
Atlantic salmon abundance and size track climate regimes in the Baltic Sea
