http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13842 media science
media science
Social climate of forest bioenergy development in China among forestry stakeholders
Qualitative research and hypermedia : ethnography for the digital age
MediaArtHistories
Players unleashed! : modding The Sims and the culture of gaming
Communication research statistics
Speed : experience how and why we love to go fast
Figures of fantasy : women, cyberdiscourse and the popular Internet
This cutting-edge text offers an introduction to the emerging field of media archaeology and analyses the innovative theoretical and artistic methodology used to excavate current media through its past. Written with a steampunk attitude, What is Media Archaeology? examines the theoretical challenges of studying digital culture and memory and opens up the sedimented layers of contemporary media culture. The author contextualizes media archaeology in relation to other key media studies debates including software studies, German media theory, imaginary media research, new materialism and digital humanities. What is Media Archaeology? advances an innovative theoretical position while also presenting an engaging and accessible overview for students of media, film and cultural studies. It will be essential reading for anyone interested in the interdisciplinary ties between art, technology and media.
Cyberscience 2.0 : research in the age of digital social networks
Interaction of Baculovirus with the Surface of Mammalian Cells and Intracellular Changes during Transduction
The media reader : continuity and transformation
Focus on northern culture : INMAC under preparation
Language and globalization
The discourse of Twitter and social media
Eyewitness encyclopedia of science : the essential multimedia reference guide to science and technology
NordMedia 2007, 16-19 Aug 2007, Helsinki, Finland : abstracts = abstrakter
Revolutionizing education through web-based instruction
A2 media studies : the essential revision guide for AQA
Multimodal discourse : the modes and media of contemporary communication
Children's learning in a digital world
Occurrence of acute otitis media
Content analysis : an introduction to its methodology
Digital Humanities has become one of the new domains of academe at the interface of technological development, epistemological change, and methodological concerns. This volume explores how digital material might be read or utilized in research, whether that material is digitally born as fanfiction, for example, mostly is, or transposed from other sources. The volume asks questions such as what happens when text is transformed from printed into digital matter, and how that impacts on the methods we bring to bear on exploring that technologized matter, for example in the case of digital editions. Issues such as how to analyse visual material in digital archives or Twitter feeds, how to engage in data mining, what it means to undertake crowd-sourcing, big data, and what digital network analyses can tell us about online interactions are dealt with. This will give Humanities researchers ideas for doing digitally based research and also suggest ways of engaging with new digital research methods.
Current trends and thoughts : English abstracts of selected works by CASS scholars
The language of new media
Where on earth : tunnetko maapallomme?
Citizen voices : performing public participation in science and environment communication
Augmenting theatre : engaging with the content of performances and installations on intermedial stages
New media, old media : a history and theory reader
Critical theories of mass media : then and now
The weight of images : affective engagements with fat corporeality in the media
The moving image : gesture and logos circa 1900
Studies on the detection methods of Campylobacter and faecal indicator bacteria in drinking water
Manufacturing consent : the political economy of the mass media
Summary: "How the media are organised and funded is central to understanding their role in society. Critical Political Economy of the Media provides a clear, comprehensive and insightful introduction to the political economic analysis of contemporary media. Jonathan Hardy undertakes a critical survey of political economy scholarship encompassing worldwide literature, issues and debates, and relationships with other academic approaches. He assesses different ways of making sense of media convergence and digitalisation, media power and influence, and transformations across communication markets. Many of the problems of the media that prompted critical political economy research remain salient, he argues, but the approach must continue to adapt to new conditions and challenges. Hardy advances the case for a revitalised critical media studies for the 21st century. Topics covered include: media ownership and financing news and entertainment convergence and the Internetmedia globalisation advertising and mediaalternative media media policy and regulation Introducing key concepts and research, this book explains how political economy can assist students, researchers and citizens to investigate and address vital questions about the media today"--.
Key themes in media theory
NordMedia 2007 : 18th Nordic Concerence on Media and Communication Research, Helsinki, 16-19 August 2007
Communication research and media science in Europe : perspectives for research and academic training in Europe's changing media reality
What is media archaeology?
Media research methods : measuring audiences, reactions and impact
The virtual Marshall McLuhan
Measuring the quality of media relations in an EU institution : developing and testing a measurement model
New media
The method is the message : rethinking McLuhan through critical theory
Harold Innis
A scientist's guide to talking with the media : practical advice from the Union of Concerned Scientists
“They just wanna know your business” : education students' representations of online communities
"Exploring Health Communication from Multiple Perspectives provides coverage of the major current areas of interest (e.g., interpersonal, organizational, media). It takes an in-depth approach to health communication research by analyzing and critically evaluating research conducted across multiple paradigmatic perspectives. In addition, it offers features important to undergraduate texts, such as sidebars, summary boxes, suggestions for in-class activities, discussion questions, and lists of additional resources. This edited textbook includes a range of chapters covering interpersonal health communication issues, challenges and complexities in health communication, communication aspects of health behaviors and conditions, organizational issues in health communication, and media and eHealth research. This text is designed to be used in upper level health communication courses, and it may be of interest to master's level courses as well. Other social science disciplines such as health education and public health may also find the book to be of interest."
Adventures of ludom : a videogame geneontology
Visual culture: the reader
The integrated media machine : a theoretical framework
Hypermedia and literary studies
Comptonïs interactive World Atlas [Atk-tallenne]
Biodistribution studies in small animal models using pre-clinical SPECT/CT imaging
"Media power is a crucial, although often taken for granted, concept. We assume, for example, that the media are 'powerful'; if they were not, why would there be so many controversies over the regulation, control and impact of communicative institutions and processes? Further, we assume that this 'power' is somehow problematic; audiences are often treated as highly susceptible to media influence and too much 'power' in the hands of one organization or individual is seen as risky and potentially dangerous. These concerns have been at the heart of recent controversies involving the relationships between media moguls and political elites, the consequences of phone hacking in the UK, and the emerging influence of social media as vital gatekeepers. Yet it is still not clear what we mean by media power or how effective it is. This book evaluates contrasting definitions of media power and looks at the key sites in which power is negotiated, concentrated and resisted - politically, technologically and economically. Combining an evaluation of both previous literature and new research, the book seeks to establish an understanding of media power which does justice to the complexities and contradictions of the contemporary social world. It will be important reading for undergraduates, postgraduates, researchers and activists alike"--
Narrative bias and China's foreign assistance to Africa
Disconnect.me : user engagement and Facebook
Mapping intermediality in performance
Communicating uncertainty : media coverage of new and controversial science
The new media handbook
Media/theory : thinking about media and communications
Science blogging : the essential guide
Dialogues between art, medicine and research
The language of new media design : theory and practice
Nation branding is the most recent feature of imagined nation-making in the history of nations. Facing global competition, national decision-makers aim to distinguish their countries from others by means of branding. Quite a few nations have considered the term 'cool' suitable for describing some essence of their country's brand. Cool Nations. Media and the Social Imaginary of the Branded Country traces the mediated ways in which the transnational idea of "cool" has circulated from popular culture, fashion, and marketing into describing nations. The book explores the commodification of the nation, the shift to a promotional political culture, and the role of media in contributing to the circulation of the idea of the Cool Nation. The social imaginary of nation branding takes its theory and practices from marketing, unlike earlier imaginations based on ideas of democracy or citizenship. Cool Nations argues that "cool" is one of the vehicles through which the commodification of nations takes place.
Research methods for reading digital data in the digital humanities
Secular possession : cinematic iconography of addiction
Teaching, technology, textuality : approaches to new media
Deep time of the media : toward an archaeology of hearing and seeing by technical means
Cool nations : media and the social imaginary of the branded country
This book explains how designing, playing and modifying computer games, and understanding the theory behind them, can strengthen the area of digital humanities. This book aims to help digital humanities scholars understand both the issues and also advantages of game design, as well as encouraging them to extend the field of computer game studies, particularly in their teaching and research in the field of virtual heritage. By looking at re-occurring issues in the design, playtesting and interface of serious games and game-based learning for cultural heritage and interactive history, this book highlights the importance of visualisation and self-learning in game studies and how this can intersect with digital humanities. It also asks whether such theoretical concepts can be applied to practical learning situations. It will be of particular interest to those who wish to investigate how games and virtual environments can be used in teaching and research to critique issues and topics in the humanities, particularly in virtual heritage and interactive history.
New media, old media : a history and theory reader / edited by Wendy Hui Kyong Chun & Tomas Keenan
The future of scholarly communication
Marshall McLuhan : escape into understanding : a biography
The contradictions of media power
Living with the media : analysing talk about information and communication technology
Combatting the negativity of war
Culture, media, theory, practice : perspectives
Cyberculture and new media
Critical gaming : interactice history and virtual heritage
Summary: "Critical Political Economy of Media provides a clear, comprehensive and insightful introduction to the political economy analysis of contemporary media. Political economy approaches argue that to answer some of the most important questions about communications in modern life we need to examine how media services are organised, provided and paid-for. Jonathan Hardy undertakes a critical survey of political economy scholarship encompassing worldwide literature, issues and debates, and relationships with other academic approaches. He assesses different ways of making sense of media convergence and digitalisation, media power and influence. Many of the problems of the media that prompted critical political economy research remain salient, he argues, but the approach must continue to adapt to new conditions and challenges. Hardy advances the case for a reflexive, revitalised critical media studies for the 21st century. Topics covered include: - media ownership and financing - news and entertainment - convergence and the Internet - media globalisation - advertising - alternative media and policy Explaining key concepts and research, this book illustrates the vital contribution of critical political economy for studies in media and communications, and demonstrates how political economy can assist students, researchers and citizens to investigate and address vital questions about the media today"--.
Soul of the documentary : expression and the capture of the real
From silence to voice : what nurses know and must communicate to the public
Transformation of public text in totalitarian system : a socio-semiotic study of Soviet censorship practices in Estonian radio in the 1980s
The originator of such widely used phrases as "the global village" and "the medium is the message," Marshall McLuhan -- the prescient media guru -- is finally attracting the critical attention he deserves. In the 1960s, McLuhan blazed the intellectual territory which we are only coming to grips with today. This couldn't be a better time for a readable, full-scale treatment of his writings, a book that reflects the range and depth of his thought accurately and accessibly. Marshall McLuhan: Escape into Understanding fills this gap.
Religion, media and culture : a reader
Critical political economy of the media : an introduction
The digital word : text-based computing in the humanities
The archive in motion : new conceptions of the archive in contemporary thought and new media practices
Media studies : the basics
The integrated media machine. 2, Aspects of internet culture, hypertechnologies and informal learning
AS media studies : the essential revision guide for AQA
The socially distributed cognition of musical timbre : a convergence of semantic, perceptual, and acoustic aspects
The Media Space Lab? : new spatial relations through new media
Digital religion : based on papers read at the conference arranged by the Donner Institute for Research in Religious and Cultural History, Åbo Akademi University, Åbo/Turku, Finland, on 13-15 June 2012
Practical research methods for media and cultural studies : making people count
The proliferation of technology has affected all aspects of human life, yet the continuing possibilities of their effects on education have yet to be fully explored. When viewed separately, one may believe that only paltry solutions can be wrought from online and web-based education; however, when applied and studied in a dynamic, interactive sense, these advancements may alter the very notion of learning and education. Revolutionizing Education through Web-Based Instruction is a comprehensive, multi-disciplinary exploration of the emerging digital opportunities available to educators. This book presents contemporary theoretical frameworks as well as practical research findings that support the use of these new computer-assisted teaching techniques. The myriad of research-based topics featured in this book allow for a thorough, diverse discussion about education, technology, and the intersection therein. This title is an invaluable resource for instructors, students of education, and researchers and professionals in the fields of knowledge management.
Health communication : theory, method, and application / edited by Nancy Grant Harrington
Whales & dolphins
Performative histories, foundational fictions : gender and sexuality in Niskavuori films
Coming of age in second life : an anthropologist explores the virtually human
Rhetoric of death and generic addressing of viewers in American living dead films
Measuring media content, quality, and diversity : approaches and issues in content research
New directions in the analysis of multimodal discourse
Semantically supported media services with user participation : report on the RISE-project
