http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p138 carbon
carbon
Cooperation and paradoxes in climate economics
Coal, commerce and communism : empirical studies on energy history in the Czech republic
Modification of carbon materials for catalyst applications
Comparison of growth and physiological responses to severe drought between two altitudinal Hippophae rhamnoides populations
Symptom of environmental change in Siberian permafrost region : proceedings of the International Symposium of JSPS Core to Core Program between Hokkaido University and Martin Luther University Halle Wittenberg in 29-30 November 2005, Sapporo, Japan
Report of the IEA Coal Industry Advisory Board : presented to the governing board of the IEA at ministerial level : December 9, 1980
The development of the coal transportation system in the nineteeneighties and nineties
Development of temperature and respiratory gases during summer stratification in two lakes in southern Finland
The global carbon cycle : [proceedings of the NATO Advanced Study Institute on Contemporary Global Carbon Cycle held in Il Ciocco, Italy, September 8-20, 1991]
Demand Controlled Ventilation Systems : CO2 Controlled Ventilation Systems
Carbon and nitrogen in the terrestrial environment
Initial results from the boreal ecosystem-atmosphere experiment, BOREAS
Transparent hemicellulose-DWCNT electrode
Bacterial-mediated terrestrial carbon in the foodweb of humic lakes
Soil processes and the carbon cycle
Biochar application is a promising strategy for sequestering carbon in agricultural soils and for improving degraded soils. Nonetheless, contradictory and unsettled issues remain. This study investigates whether biochar influences the soil microbial biomass and community structure using phospholipid fatty acid (PLFA) analysis. We monitored the effects of four different types of biochar on the soil microbial communities in three temperate soils of Austria over several months. A greenhouse experiment and two field experiments were conducted. The biochar application did not significantly increase or decrease the microbial biomass. Only the addition of vineyard pruning biochar pyrolysed at 400°C caused microbial biomass to increase in the greenhouse experiment. The biochar treatments however caused shifts in microbial communities (visualized by principal component analysis). We concluded that the shifts in the microbial community structure are an indirect rather than a direct effect and depend on soil conditions and nutrient status.
Facing climate change together
Hydrogen interaction with carbon nanostructures
Carbon storage in forest ecosystems in Finland
Carbon dynamics in eutrophic, temperate lakes
Carbon footprint of humanitarian logistics : Case the Finnish Red Cross
Meadow plant growth and competition under elevated ozone and carbon dioxide
Models in country scale carbon accounting of forest soils
Economic impacts of carbon sequestration in reforestation: examples from boreal and moist tropical conditions
Effects of repeated slash removal in thinned stands on soil chemistry and understorey vegetation
Rodd's chemistry of carbon compounds : suppl. to the 2nd ed. : a modern comprehensive treatise : suppl. to vol. 1: Aliphatic compounds. 1AB, Hydrocarbons... ; Monohydric alcohols..
Experimental studies on diamond-like carbon and novel diamond-like carbon-polymer-hybrid coatings
Effect of forest drainage on the peat bulk density and carbon stores of Finnish mires
Biochemical basis of plant breeding. Volume I , Carbon metabolism
The impact of allochthonous organic carbon on bacterial production and pelagic food web interactions in humic lakes in northern Sweden
The potential, cost-efficiency and impacts of intensified management of Finnish forests for next 100 years were assessed using a national-level scenario analysis. This document serves as a technical description of the applied models and methods, but also includes a brief synthesis of the results. Data from the 10th Finnish National Forest Inventory was used to forecast the consequences of alternative management scenarios. Four final scenarios were constructed using MOTTI stand simulator and linear programming package J. Business-as-usual -scenario was compared to three other options that aimed either at high quality raw material, intensive management resulting both quantity and quality of timber, or at low-cost-low-output (extensive) forestry. If the intensity of forest management will remain at the current level, the growing stock will increase. Increasing amount of high quality raw material for forest industry can be produced but it necessitates also increase in annual management practices. For example, treatment areas of young stand management should be doubled compared to current areas in order to maintain or increase cutting removals of high quality wood. It is possible to increase annual removals in a sustainable manner by applying more intensive forest management that also improves profitability nearly 50%. The annual removals can be ca. 40% higher than the current level, and the annual energy wood removal can be over 10 mill m3. Despite increased removals, sustainable wood and biomass production during next 100 years can be achieved. Intensively managed forest are more efficient capturing carbon from atmosphere than extensively managed forests, but the climate impacts depend on the use of removed carbon (end-products made from the removed wood biomass).
The benefits of biochar (BC) application to fertile, non-acidic soils in temperate climate regions might not always be as evident as for highly weathered tropical soils. The aim of our study was to investigate the effects of BC on soil characteristics, nutrient uptake and crop yield in field experiments on two temperate soils (Cambisol and Chernozem) in Austria. Maize and wheat (Cambisol), and barley and sunflower (Chernozem) were grown in successive vegetation periods following different BC application rates (0, 24 and 72 t ha-1 at the start of the experiment), supplemented with identical mineral N supply in 33 m² plots. BC treatments showed varying impacts on nutrient uptake of the investigated crops. The first growing season in the Chernozem region was affected by a prolonged drought period, which resulted in positive effects of BC on soil water-holding capacity (WHC) and barley crop yield (+ 10%) for the 72 t ha-1 BC + N treatment compared to a control with identical nutrient supply but without BC. However, maize and wheat grain yield decreased by 46 and 70%, respectively, after the highest BC application rate (72 t ha-1) in an additional treatment without supplementary N-fertilisation. Still, even with high BC application rates we did not observe any adverse effects on crop yield and nutrient uptake, as long as the soil was supplied with sufficient N according to local agricultural practice.
Due to the consequences of global warming and significant greenhouse gas emissions, several ideas have been studied to reduce these emissions or to suggest solut ions for pollutant removal. The most promising ideas are reduced consumption, waste recovery and waste treatment by biological systems. In this latter category, studies have demonstrated that the use of microalgae is a very promising solution for the biofixation of carbon dioxide. In fact, these micro-organisms are able to offset high levels of CO2 thanks to photosynthesis. Microalgae are also used in various fields (food industry, fertilizers, biofuel, etc.).
Sustainable forests : earthscan reference collections. Volume 2, Forests and the physical, chemical and biological environment
Wonders of life
The end of oil : on the edge of a perilous new world
Catalytic air pollution control : commercial technology
Patterns of dry matter partitioning and 14C-photosynthate allocation in 1.5-year-old Scots pine seedlings
Developing Biofuel Production from Food Industry Wastes in the Rural Area of Kenya.
Law, tropical forests and carbon : the case of REDD+
CO2 biofixation by microalgae : modeling, estimation and control
Freeze-thaw (FT) events in soils can cause a burst of nitrous oxide (N₂O) and enhance N leaching during the spring-thaw event. We studied whether a soil amended with wood-derived (spruce chips) biochar (10 tonnes ha-1), produced at rather low temperatures (400-450°C), could reduce the burst of N₂O and the risk of N leaching from an agricultural soil after a FT event. A short-term laboratory experiment (4 weeks) was conducted with 24 vegetated (Phleum pratense) mesocosms (12 controls, 12 biochar-treated) that had spent a dormant season in the dark at 15°C for two months after the growing season. NO efflux to the atmosphere and ammonium (NH₄⁺-N) and nitrate (NO₃-N) in the percolated soil water were monitored before and after the FT event. N₂O was monitored with the dark chamber method and analyzed using a gas chromatograph. We found that soil amended biochar can significantly diminish the burst of N₂O after the soil FT event (by 61% just after FT event) and substantially reduce the risk of NO₃-N and NH₄⁺-N leaching from the agricultural soil. Compared to the control, the decrement in concentrations of NO₃-N and NH₄⁺-N in water percolated through the biochar amended soil in the mesocosms was 58% and 22%, respectively.
Seven elements that have changed the world
Magnetic nature of intrinsic carbon defects
Moving forward from "biochar revolution" to "biochar evolution" : shaping a promising mitigation tool demands future research efforts
In February 2013, the 2nd Nordic Biochar Seminar was successfully held in Helsinki, Finland. The fruitful meeting, well organized by Priit Tammeorg, offered a broad kaleidoscope of new insights into the novel interdisciplinary research topic of biochar. The papers in this issue clearly show that biochar use in agriculture can deliver benefits such as reductions in N2O emissions or N leaching (Kettunen and Saarnio), in addition to soil C storage without negative effects (Karer et al. , Anders et al. ). However, they also demonstrate that just one biochar addition does not turn each temperate fertile soil into a fertility miracle. In Terra preta sites, the pyrogenic carbon was likely an important ingredient, but it was combined with organic waste inputs and not used pure. Thus, yield-increasing pure-biochar effects in temperate soils are likely not a low-hanging fruit to be harvested without further ado. Rather, problematic soils should be the primary target; combined biochar-organics usage also deserves further research. However, considering the lack of political efforts to restore our planet's radiative balance, or tackle the challenges associated with soil degradation and resource consumption, no emerging chances should be missed. "Biochar" is such a chance - not more, but also not less. Shaping "biochar use in agriculture" into a safe, sustainable and economically feasible tool will only come at the cost of good hard research efforts; but it offers the unique chance to turn agricultural practices from being part of the problem into being part of the solution.
Die Investitionen in den Kohle- und Stahlindustrien der Gemeinschaft : Bericht über die Erhebung 1986, Stichtag 1. Januar 1986 = Investment in the Community coalmining and iron and steel industries : report on the 1986 survey, position as at 1 January 1986 = Les investissements dans les industries du charbon et de l'acier de la Communauté : rapport sur l'enquete 1987, situation au 1er janvier 1986
Undermining the Japanese miracle : work and conflict in a coalmining community
Beaver in the drainage basin: an ecosystem engineer restores wetlands in the boreal landscape
Molecular dynamics simulations of strained and defective carbon nanotubes
Rapid pyrolysis of kraft black liquor. 1, Release of carbon
Proceedings : third International Workshop Nanocarbon Photonics and Optoelectronics, 29 July - 4 August 2012, Holiday Centre "Huhmari", Polvijärvi, Finland
Oxidation of a single char particle : testing of a robust numerical solution procedure
Soil CO2 efflux in boreal pine forests in the current climate and under CO2 enrichment and air warming
Abstract: Productional examination of sliding surfaces.
Guidance for tree measurement in tropical forest ecosystems using non-destructive sampling to develop stem biomass and volume models
Endohedral fullerenes : from fundamentals to applications
Simulation of carbon budget for forests and wood-based products : an application for boreal conditions in Finland
Approach to data collection for soil carbon modelling in Benin
Managing boreal forests in the context of climate change : impacts, adaptation and climate change mitigation
The arctic region is predicted to experience the earliest and most pronounced global warming response to human-induced climatic change. This book synthesizes information on the physiological ecology of arctic plants, discusses how physiological processes influence ecosystem processes, and explores how climate warming will affect arctic plants, plant communities, and ecosystem processes. It reviews the physiological ecology of arctic plants. It explores biotic controls over community and ecosystems processes. It provides physiological bases for predicting how the Arctic will respond to global climate change.
Transformation of carbon dioxide to diethyl carbonate over ceria and ceria-supported catalysts
Climatic sensitivity of hydrology and carbon exchanges in boreal peatland ecosystems, with implications on sustainable management of reed canary grass (Phalaris arundinacea, L.) on cutaway peatlands
Processing, microstructure and properties of thermotropic liquid crystalline polymers and their carbon fibre composites
Die Investitionen in den Kohle- und Stahlindustrien der Gemeinschaft : Bericht über die Erhebung 1987, Stichtag 1. Januar 1987 = Investment in the Community coalmining and iron and steel industries : report on the 1987 survey, position as at 1 January 1987 = Les investissements dans les industries du charbon et de l'acier de la Communauté : rapport sur l'enquete 1987, situation au 1er janvier 1987
We tested if hand-carried field proximal soil sensing (PSS) can be used to map the distribution of anthropogenic Amazonian Dark Earths (ADE). ADE soils are rich in archaeological artefacts, nutrients, organic matter and carbon in the very stable form of pyrogenic carbon, also referred to as black carbon or biochar. To test the capacity of PSS to detect signature ADE properties we measured electrical conductivity (ECa), magnetic susceptibility (MSa) and gamma ray data by transect sampling and compared these readings, using fuzzy classification, with datasets on chemical soil properties from a 28 ha large study area located on the Belterra Plateau of the Lower Amazon in northern Brazil. Results indicate that ECa and MSa measurements were good indicators of ADE signatures, but that the gamma radiation sensor was less useful in the deeply weathered soils. PSS and fuzzy classification can be used for rapid field mapping of ADE for both agricultural and archaeological purposes.
FSU coal : economic transition stifles export cargoes
Oxidation of a single char particle : parametric study and model validation
Scenario analysis for the biomass supply potential and the future development of Finnish forest resources
Estimation of microbial biomass carbon by a fumigationextraction method: Determination of kEC factor in Finnish peats
A stoichiometric perspective on host-parasite interactions
Die Investitionen in den Kohle- und Stahlindustrien der Gemeinschaft : Bericht über die Erhebung 1990, Stichtag 1. Januar 1990 = Investment in the Community coalmining and iron and steel industries : report on the 1990 survey, position as at 1 January 1990 = Les investissements dans les industries du charbon et de l'acier de la Communauté : rapport sur l'enquete 1990, situation au 1er janvier 1990
Forestry development scenarios: timber production, carbon dynamics in tree biomass and forest values in Germany
Charcoal Drawing : explore the expressive qualities of charcoal, from basic techiques to complex renderings
Depth distribution of methane production and oxidation in a Sphagnum peat bog
Advanced coal cleaning technology
Energy policies of IEA countries : Germany 1998 review
Life cycle inventory analysis of hard coal based electricity generation
Impacts of restoration of forestry-drained peatlands on nutrient and organic carbon exports and methane dynamics
Combustion characteristics of a single piece of coal in a non-convective atmosphere
Synthesis of [sup11]C-labelled bifunctional precursors : their use in the preparation of labelled amino acids
Preparing emission reporting from forests : use of national forest inventories in European countries
Die Investitionen in den Kohle- und Stahlindustrien der Gemeinschaft : Bericht über die Erhebung 1988, Stichtag 1. Januar 1988 = Investment in the Community coalmining and iron and steel industries : report on the 1988 survey, position as at 1 January 1988 = Les investissements dans les industries du charbon et de l'acier de la Communauté : rapport sur l'enquete 1988, situation au 1er janvier 1988
Assessing the effects of management practices and potential climate change on the carbon balance of US forests
Mire plants and carbon dioxide dynamics under increased tropospheric ozone concentration and UV-B radiation
The role of krill in vertical carbon export
Effect of forest drainage on peat carbon balance at Lakkasuo mire, Central Finland
Methods to reduce CO2 emissions from offices and public events inFinland
Stratification of regional sampling by model-predicted changes of carbon stocks in Forested mineral soils
Growth limitation of trees and carbon balance of the vegetation in the treeline zone in north eastern Lapland
Investment in the Community coalmining and iron and steel industries
In 2012, Australia took the major step of introducing a carbon price, involving the creation of a system of emissions permits initially issued at a fixed price. Carbon Pricing brings together experts instrumental in the development, and operation, of Australia's carbon policy who have played a significant role in the broader debate over climate change policy. Together they have achieved an in-depth analysis of Australia's policy stance on pricing carbon and its implications for the wider economy. While the future of carbon pricing is itself unclear in Australia, the experiences, insights and conclusions outlined herein will prove invaluable to a global audience. The assessment of the initial operation of the carbon price provides a wide range of insights into the problems of mitigating climate change, and the prospects for the future. The critical analysis will provide a valuable resource to inform wider international debates concerning alternative mechanisms for internalising the carbon externality, tax reform, climate scepticism and carbon farming initiatives. With its interdisciplinary approach, Carbon Pricing, will appeal to scholars and researchers of economics in general and climate change, natural resources and energy policy in particular. Those organisations and policymakers involved in similar experiments and processes in other countries will find the experiences and analysis invaluable.
The indigenous agroforestry systems of the south-eastern Rift Valley escarpment, Ethiopia : their biodiversity, carbon stocks, and litterfall
Simulation environment for the C14-experiment
Biochemical oxygen demand in Malta Lake, Poznan, Poland
Carbon dioxide and methane exchange between a boreal pristine lake and the atmosphere
Carbon dioxide exchange on cultivated and afforested boreal peatlands
Potential for carbon capture and storage (CCS) in the Nordic region
Forest inventory-based large-scale forest biomass and carbon budget assessment : new enhanced methods and use of remote sensing for verification
Hydrogen soil deposition and atmospheric variations in the boreal zone
Peatland restoration and ecosystem services : science, policy, and practice
Carbon stocks, greenhouse gas emissions and water balance of Sudanese savannah woodlands in relation to climate change
Atmospheric impact of bioenergy based on reed canary grass cultivation on organic soil
International Clean Coal Technology Symposium on PFBC, July 26-28, 1994, Kitakyusyu International Conference Center, Kitakyushu-city Japan
Carbon mitigation and climate change through forest management
Facts on fossil fuels
Die Investitionen in den Kohle- und Stahlindustrien der Gemeinschaft : Bericht über die Erhebung 1989, Stichtag 1. Januar 1989 = Investment in the Community coalmining and iron and steel industries : report on the 1989 survey, position as at 1 January 1989 = Les investissements dans les industries du charbon et de l'acier de la Communauté : rapport sur l'enquete 1989, situation au 1er janvier 1989
Synthesis and characterisation of nanostructured carbon
Modeling carbon sequestration and timber production in a regional case study
Environmental Services provided by the Nordic-Baltic Forests : extended abstracts of the CAR-ES network meeting in Finland 20.-22.10.2014
Die Investitionen in den Kohle- und Stahlindustrien der Gemeinschaft : Bericht über die Erhebung 1985, Stichtag 1. Januar 1985 = Investment in the Community coalmining and iron and steel industries : report on the 1985 survey, position as at 1 January 1985 = Les investissements dans les industries du charbon et de l'acier de la Communauté : rapport sur l'enquete 1985, situation au 1er janvier 1985
Carbon inventory methods : handbook for greenhouse gas inventory, carbon mitigation and roundwood production projects
Determining the best location of carbon dioxide sensor
Carbon capture : sequestration and storage
Freshwater ecosystems and the carbon cycle
Environmental impact assessment for coal
Variation in soil organic carbon and thickness of soil horizons within a boreal forest stand - effect of trees and implications for sampling
Coke and gas
Consequences of Kyoto protocol private forest owners in Europe
Monthly bulletin
Role of wood-based products in absorbing atmospheric carbon
Dynamics of dissolved organic matter and its bioavailability to heterotrophic bacteria in the Gulf of Finland, Northern Baltic Sea
Coal utilisation : technology, economics and policy
Analyses of the growth of Scots pine : matching structure with function
Height growth, site index, and carbon metabolism
Advances in hot filament chemical vapour deposition of diamond film
Dynamics of vegetation, nitrogen and carbon as indicators of the operation of peatland buffers
Carbon accumulation in mineral subsoil of mires
Challenges in measuring glycaemic index
Linking water and carbon cycles : modeling latent heat exchange and dissolved organic carbon
The use of lithium [[sup 11]C]methyl(2-thienyl)cuprates in labeling synthesis
A comparison of nitrogen and carbon reserves in acid sulphate and non acid sulphate soils in western Finland
Stand level analysis on the effects of management and climate change on the growth and timber yield with implications on carbon stocks in boreal forest ecosystem : a model based approach
Cleaner coal in China
Ermittlung, Beschreibung und Bewertung von Steinkohlenlagerstätten in den Ländern der Europäischen Gemeinschaft = Assessment, description and evaluation of coal reserves in the Community countries = Détermination, description et évaluation des ressources charbonnières dans les pays communautaires
Peat and carbon accumulation in a young coastal bog
Rate of carbon accumulation in hummocks and hollows
Carbon cycling in restored peatlands: results from calibration, summer 1994.
Carbon reservoirs in wood products-in-use in Finland : current sinks and scenarios until 2050.
Concentrations of dissolved organic carbon along an altitudinal gradient from Norway spruce forest to the mountain birch/alpine ecotone in Norway
Biochar application to temperate soils : effects on nutrient uptake and crop yield under field conditions
Biochar affects the structure rather than the total biomass of microbial communities in temperate soils
Models of pine stand development: an eco-physiological systems analysis
Isotopic carbon : techniques in its measurement and chemical manipulation
Biochar can restrict N2O emissions and the risk of nitrogen leaching from an agricultural soil during the freeze-thaw period
Isotopic fingerprints in surficial waters : stable isotope methods applied in hydrogeological studies
Traditional charcoal making in Maposa forest area
An Evaluation of the distributions of polychlorinated biphenyls and organic matter in coastal
Spatial reconstruction of C accumulation and CH4 emission during Holocene in an ombrotrophic mire complex
Elevated carbon dioxide : impacts on soil and plant water relations
Comparing two sample preparations in diesel analytics and the effects of weathering on diesel
Coal information report
Carbon dioxide exchange and carbon balance of a boreal bog : exeptional results in a year with a dry growing season
Temperature sensitivity of soil organic matter decomposition in boreal soils
Coal-fired Sauna Stove for Vietnamese Markets
Transport and tunneling in multiwalled carbon nanotubes
Carbon stores and fluxes in even- and uneven-aged Norway spruce stands
Logging residues and ground vegetation in nutrient dynamic forest
Development of methods for [sup 11]C-C bond formation : synthesis and in vivo evaluation of [sup 1]H and [sup 2]H fatty acids [sup 11]C-labelled in selected positions
Country-scale carbon accounting of the vegetation and mineral soils of Finland
On the synthesis of 11C-compounds
Global climate change and cold regions ecosystems
Carbon nanotube azafullerene peapods and their electronic transport properties
The role of terpenes in carbon and nitrogen cycling in boreal forest soils
Novel carbon coatings and surface texturing for improving biological response of orthopedic implant materials
500 Paleo Recipes : hundreds of delicious recipes for weight loss and super health
Fluxes of dissolved organic carbon in stand throughfall and percolation water in 12 boreal coniferous stands on mineral soils in Finland
Computational investigations on rotational and vibrational spectroscopies of some diatomics in solid environment
Leaf morphological and physiological responses of Quercus aquifolioides along an altitudinal gradient
A comparison of three modelling approaches for large-scale forest scenario analysis in Finland
Developing synthetic biology tools and model chassis : production of bioenergy and high-value molecules
Using proximal soil sensors and fuzzy classification for mapping Amazonian Dark Earths
Use of nanostructures as oxygen carriers in chemical looping combustion
Computational studies of chemical looping combustion materials and CO2 activating surfaces
Climate change, arctic change : law and policy
Respiration in a forest soil 27 years after fertilization with different doses of urea
Properties of top soil and the relationship between soil and trees in a boreal Scots pine stand
Global carbon cycle and climate change
Assessing the accumulation of carbon in peatlands
Seasonal carbon cycling in the Sargasso Sea near Bermuda
Growth and yield modelling for optimal multi-objective forest management of eastern Mediterranean Pinus brutia
Bacterial communities in stratified humic lakes
Factors controlling carbon gas fluxes in boreal lakes
A stable isotope study of the hydrological and carbon cycle in meromictic lake, Lovojärvi
From carbon source to sink : managing agriculture for climate change mitigation and food production in Ethiopia
Loans granted by the European Coal and Steel Community (ECSC) : to whom? : for what? : main characteristics
Analysis of a Carbon Fibre Rim : Student Formula
Boreal peatland ecosystems
Supercritical ammonia in synthesis, chromatography and extraction of [sup 11]C-labelled compounds
Report of the IEA Coal Industry Advisory Board, presented to the governing board of the IEA at ministerial level, Dec. 9, 1980.
Carbon stocks in managed conifer forests in Northern Ontario, Canada
Halogen emissions from coal combustion
CVD synthesis of carbon nanomaterials
Toxicity of retene and pyrene on fish at different light conditions
Coal : environmental policies and institutions
Sustainable forest management : from principles to practice
Sampling and monitoring of carbon- 14 in gaseous effluents from nuclear facilities : literature survey
Arctic ecosystems in a changing climate : an ecophysiological perspective
Tree stand development and carbon sequestration in drained peatland stands in Finland : a simulation study
Summary.
Carbon nanotubes : science and applications
Coal information
Diamond-like carbon binding peptides - evolutionary selection, characterization, and engineering
A process-based growth model for the grass stage pine seedlings
Electrochemical characteristics of poly(3-octylthiophene) film electrodes
Acute and chronic effects of carbon nanoparticles fullerenes(C60) on aquatic invertebrate Chironomus riparius
Photon Stimulated CVD of Amorphous Carbon Thin Films
Carbon sequestration rates in Swedish forest soils : a comparison of three approaches
Forests to climate change mitigation : clean development mechanism in Bangladesh
Effect of forestry drainage on the carbon balance and radiative forcing of peatlands in Finland
Diffusion GHG fluxes at tropical peatland drainage canal water surfaces
Carbon pricing : early experience and future prospects
Soil carbon in sensitive European ecosystems : from science to land management
Steady-state kraft char bed model
CAR-ES (Centre of Advanced Research on Environmental Services from Nordic Forest Ecosystems, 2011-2015) is an open network that brings together Nordic and Baltic forest researchers. The CAR-ES network aims at providing scientific knowledge on the impacts of forest management on major environmental services for decision making within the forest sector. The main environmental services addressed are: Carbon sequestration, Water quality, Biodiversity, Soil quality. CAR-ES organizes meetings, workshops and conferences and the second meeting in 2014 was held in Finland, at the premises of Metla Vantaa Unit. The meeting discussed the issues related to the main environmental services covered by CAR-ES, work on the ongoing subprojects and plannned the final conference as well as the future of the network. The workshop was attended by 30 scientists representing the Baltic and Nordic countries. The extended abstracts of the presentations are published in this paper. CAR-ES is funded by the Nordic Forest Research (SNS) as one of its Virtual Centres of Advanced Research.
Modeling the mechanical behavior of carbon nanostructures
Forests and the global carbon cycle in the past, present and future
Change in Siberian phytomass predicted for global warming
Plant biomass carbon store after water-level drawdown of pine mires
Modelling boreal forest CO2 exchange and seasonality
Modelling mean above and below ground litter production based on yield tables
Ethanol production under endogenous crop prices : theoretical analysis and application to barley
Transforming the EU power sector: avoiding a carbon lock-in
On the age and origin of groudwater from the rapakivi granite on the island of Hästholmen
Chemical tracers in the nordic seas : studies on water masses and anthropogenic carbon
13C NMR spectroscopy : methods and applications
Fate of some trace elements in fluidised-bed combustion and gasification processes
