http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13827 boards (building supplies)
boards (building supplies)
Project management in the Finnish music industry
Development of High Voltage Power Supply for a Photomultiplier
Effect of compression wood on surface roughness and surface absorption of medium density fiberboard
A murder is announced
Video interface card for an HMI device
Stiff upper lip, Jeeves
Genetic risk factors for intervertebral disc degeneration
Hiljaisuudesta toiseen = from one's silence to other's
Programming HD DVD and Blu-ray disc : the HD cookbook
Compact disc players
The three little wolves and the big bad pig
Win win : English for your business career
Malliavin Calculus for Lévy Processes and Infinite-Dimensional Brownian Motion
The house at Pooh Corner
Digital systems design with FPGAs and CPLDs
The Violin player
PRODUCT DEVELOPMENT OF SPECIAL EQUIPMENT FOR UNDERGROUND CONSTRUCTION
Wind power for the 21st century : the challenge of high wind power penetration for the new energy markets : proceedings of the International Conference, held at Kassel, Germany, 25-27 September 2000
An alternative scalable storage system
Effects of some sanding factors on the surface roughness of particleboard
Forest products annual market review 2005-2006
CD-ROMS in print 1997 : an international guide to CD-ROM, CD-I, 3DO, MMCD, CD32, multimedia and electronic products
Modelling of conditional variance and uncertainty using industrial process data
Granular synthesis : immersive works
Britain from above
Fellinin Satyricon
The origins of scientific cinematography
The Design of Key Finder Using Bluetooth Low Energy Technology
Principles of Digital Audio
The search for susceptibility genes in lumbar disc degeneration:focus on young individuals
My husband next door
KBS TV documentary series featuring Korean history from the Joseon kingdom period to the early 20th century. "This groundbreaking documentary visits major archaeological and historically important sites and contains commentary from prominent scholars and local experts." -- Container.
Three-phase Brushless DC Motor Control
British life and institutions
I've got your number
Hotel on the corner of Bitter and Sweet : a novel
The compact disc : a handbook of theory and use
Artist management for the music business
Look out, Secret Seven
Glacial analysis : an interactive introduction
Doctor Who : collected stories
Laminated composite plates and shells : 3D modelling
The valley of fear
Never heard before : a musical exploration of organ voicing
Genetic risk factors for lumbar intervertebral disc disease characterized by sciatica
Super CD-ROM madness!
Cat among the pigeons
Mama Milka : a documentary about Kenya-Finland livestock development programme
Relay card for capacitance measurements
Low back pain (LBP) is the leading cause of years lived with disabilities worldwide. Intervertebral disc (IVD) degeneration is a strong contributing factor to LBP. Recent studies have shown that genetic determinants contribute markedly to IVD degeneration but knowledge about the actual genes involved as well as their roles is still limited. The aim of this thesis work was to study genetic factors that may predispose to IVD degeneration. Using both family and case-control association study designs, variants in five genes showed association with IVD degeneration on magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) in a population-based sample and among patients with sciatica due to lumbar disc herniation (LDH).We performed a candidate gene association study of the known variants implicated in IVD degeneration in a Finnish cohort of 538 young individuals with a moderate degree of lumbar IVD degeneration on MRI. We were able to confirm the associations of variants in the IL6, SKT, and CILP genes, which provides further evidence for true associations. Based on our earlier linkage study in Finnish sciatica families, we performed a candidate gene analysis and identified IL17F as a potential candidate gene. To the best of our knowledge this is the first study to observe an association between this gene and discogenic sciatica. Both IL-6 and IL-17 are pro-inflammatory cytokines with elevated expression levels in herniated tissues, which suggest a role in IVD degeneration. Study of the role of genes coding for inflammatory mediators is of interest as it may contribute to the understanding of the overall inflammatory response of the disc.In addition, we reported on the involvement of SKT in the etiology of lumbar disc herniation (LDH) both in Japanese and Finnish case-control samples. Experimental studies in mice have shown that Skt homozygous mutants exhibit disc abnormalities resulting in a kinky tale phenotype. We hypothesized that the human homolog SKT could have long-term importance in the onset of IVD degeneration by making the discs more vulnerable. Finally, through linkage studies and in the subsequent association analyses, the role of CHST3 as a novel risk factor for IVD degeneration was identified. CHST3 encodes an enzyme that catalyzes the sulfation of chondroitin, and mutations in this gene are associated with spondylepiphyseal dysplasia and humerospinal dysostosis. In our study, we identified this gene using genome –wide linkage based on data from a Southern Chinese family and speculated that mild CHST3 reduction caused by the reported susceptibility SNP could result in disc degeneration in adults in conjunction with other risk factors.This thesis provides new information about the genetic background of IVD degeneration and new insights into the etiology of the disease. The specific roles of these genes in the IVD function and pathogenesis of sciatica are not clear however, and need to be elucidated.
Degenerative findings on MRI of the lumbar spine:prevalence, environmental determinants and association with low back symptoms
Public enemies : dueling writers take on each other and the world
Experiences on funding independent record production through crowdfunding
Black Beauty
Application Workflow Analysis and Simulation
Novel roles for basement membrane collagens:isoform-specific functions of collagen XVIII in adipogenesis, fat deposition and eye development, and effects of the collagen IV-derived matricryptin arresten on oral carcinoma growth and invasion
Visual expedition to the identity of record label: paradise lost recordings
High bit-rate optical interconnects on printed wiring board : micro-optics and hybrid integration
The Penguin guide to jazz on compact disc
Shepherd's Crown
Dead in the family
What is scientology? : the comprehensive reference on the world's fastest growing religion ; Scientology : theology & practice of a contemporary religion : a reference work
Premiere Pro is a powerful, timeline-based video editing software, and this personal training course uses a full-color book plus video tutorials on DVD to teach you how to use all its features. Fifteen self-paced lessons encourage you to discover the creative possibilities that Adobe’ s Premiere Pro presents. Step-by-step directions, lesson files, and an instructional video demonstrate the many exciting features of Premiere Pro. You can learn from leading instructors, and do it at your own pace.
Test report, end plate joints of steel tubes, strong axis bending
Music from New Orleans and Warsaw: Records from the Harry Orvomaa collection
The heritability and morphology of lumbar Modic changes and their association with pain
Lost Persons Area
Repair of radial fractures in toy breed dogs with self-reinforced biodegradable bone plates, metal screws, and light-weight external coaptation
Morse's greatest mystery and other stories
Effect of compression wood on dimensional stability of medium density fiberboard
Motherboard design for an  X-ray beam profile monitor system
Stresses in plates and shells
Whose island is small? : racism and identity of the diaspora in Andrea Levy's Small island
Adobe premiere pro CS5 and CS5.5 digital classroom
Graphis music CD : an international collection of CD design = CD-Design im internationalen Überblick = une compilation internationale sur le design des CD. 1
The inimitable Jeeves. Volume 1
High Sierra
The Erroll Garner collection [CD]
Alice's adventures in Wonderland
Emulation of a Geiger-Mueller Tube on a XILINX FPGA Board
Assuming only basic knowledge of probability theory and functional analysis, this book provides a self-contained introduction to Malliavin calculus and infinite-dimensional Brownian motion. In an effort to demystify a subject thought to be difficult, it exploits the framework of nonstandard analysis, which allows infinite-dimensional problems to be treated as finite-dimensional. The result is an intuitive, indeed enjoyable, development of both Malliavin calculus and nonstandard analysis. The main aspects of stochastic analysis and Malliavin calculus are incorporated into this simplifying framework. Topics covered include Brownian motion, Ornstein–Uhlenbeck processes both with values in abstract Wiener spaces, Lévy processes, multiple stochastic integrals, chaos decomposition, Malliavin derivative, Clark–Ocone formula, Skorohod integral processes and Girsanov transformations. The careful exposition, which is neither too abstract nor too theoretical, makes this book accessible to graduate students, as well as to researchers interested in the techniques.
Bossa nova : bossa nova and the rise of Brazilian music in the 1960s : original cover art
The Windvale Sprites
The Three Billy Goats Gruff and Other Stories
The shadow of your smile
The Penguin guide to compact discs & DVDs : 2005/6 edition
Production of a company DVD and CD-ROM presentation
The Jane Austen Collection
Fan's affect for music record formats : from vinyl LP to MP3
Project Management in the Finnish Music Industry
The photo CD book
An introduction to digital media
The Gramophone classical good CD & DVD guide. 2006
Yŏksa sŭpʼesyŏl = Korean history, fresh perspectives
Julia Bradbury Railway Walks & Canal Walks
Abstract.
Outlook on mechanical wood processing in Estonia
Degenerative findings on MRI of the lumbar spine : prevalence, environmental determinants and association with low back symptoms
Regulatory mechanisms mediating matrix metalloproteinase-8 effects in oral tissue repair and tongue cancer
Xizang wangshi = Past of Tibet = Tibet : histoires d'un autre temps = Pasado del Tibet
Bullfighting
Twist of fate
Upstairs downstairs
Embedded mixed-signal testing on board and system level
Nights of rain and stars
Music Master CD Catalogue
Proprietary Audience Development audit for an independent record label: case Top Billin Music
Tapes, transgression and mundanity : the participatory engenderment of death metal and grindcore
The spectacular collision of comet Shoemaker-Levy 9 with Jupiter in July 1994 was a unique event in the history of observational astronomy. With a year's advance warning, astronomers and planetary scientists around the world were able to co-ordinate an observing campaign to track the event in unprecedented detail. A year after the event, a workshop at the Space Telescope Science Institute provided the first opportunity for them to bring together their observations and found a new understanding of the impact. Based on this meeting, sixteen invited reviews from authors selected as international leaders in the study of the impact and its aftermath are presented in this volume. The chapters have been edited and arranged to provide a thorough and comprehensive overview of our knowledge of the event. While our understanding of the impact will evolve with future work, this book provides a solid foundation for new insights that will follow. It will be a standard reference for graduate students and researchers in astronomy and planetary science.
Histoire(s) du cinéma : the complete soundtrack
Unnatural causes : an Adam Dalgliesh mystery
The Ghost
The Collision of Comet Shoemaker-Levy 9 and Jupiter : IAU Colloquium 156
Harry Potter and the deathly hallows
Planet of the Apes
Boundary element analysis of plates and shells
Homecoming
Development and application of enzymatic substrate feeding strategies for small-scale microbial cultivations:applied for <em>Escherichia coli</em>, <em>Pichia pastoris</em>, and <em>Lactobacillus salivarius</em> cultivations
Documentary telling the social conditions and life in Tibet, China in 20th century before 1960.
The long war
The Gramophone classical good CD guide. 2003
Premiere Pro CS5 and CS5.5 digital classroom
Finn family Moomintroll
