http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13854 legislation
legislation
Teachers in inclusive classrooms in China : their views on systemic challenges and opportunities
Global Journal of Animal Law
How our laws are made
On law and reason
Statutes & decisions : the laws of the USSR and its successor states
The law-making process
One suffix, many translations : discussing the translations of terms with the suffix -al in the EU energy and environmenttal legislation
Sustainability : how the cosmetics industry is greening up
Japan's contested constitution : documents and analysis
Law of the European Union
The Finnish alcohol monopoly and the European integration
The principal motive behind writing this Bachelor’s thesis is to uncover the importing procedures of garments and related items from an Asian country (Bangladesh) to a European country (Finland). Finnish market situation is also observed in order to understand the demand of Bangladesh ready-made garments. In theoretical framework, materials for instances books, articles published in Internet and already written thesis have been used. Supervisor’s guidance in preparing this thesis has been an inevitable part. The market is cut throat competition and factors that are responsible in dragging the business down and promoting need be precisely comprehended. A part from competition issues, business venture needs to analyze the legal procedures, tax issues, corporate social responsibility and last but not the least customer satisfaction. The very basic concept of writing this thesis is to basically focus on issues on import procedure, customs duties, how a noncommunity products becomes a community products and gets free movement status, how shipment is done and who is responsible, the most risk free payment against goods, what can be legal treatment in case contract is breached. Theoretical framework is reinforced by empirical art of work and findings will be submitted to the stakeholders and general public those who are interested in international business. All business activities a company does is to satisfy the customer’s demand by adding higher value in the products thru different ways, bringing them in proper market and selling them in time. Most importantly, the customer’s trend is changing day by day and this trend may bring company’s success and failure. 21st century is the customers’ era as well as the hightech era. Business institutions want products, as early as possible in a named place so there is need of third party like Nefin Trading, that provides goods wherever and whenever it is felt necessary. Such company guarantees the quality of product and reasonable price. Furthermore, Nefin Trading is committed to complying with applicable law. As part of CSR, Nefin Trading is also determined to what it can do to keep the environment intact.
Rule of law and legal complexity in the People's Republic of China
Control of chemicals in articles : preliminary report
The new information society code of Finland
China's legal reform : towards the rule of law
Environmental law in Japan
Youth participation : good practices in different forms of regional and local democracy
Animals and the law : a sourcebook
Guide to the Finnish arbitration rules
Information technology law
Black's law dictionary
Intellectual property : patents, copyright, trade marks and allied rights
The Finnish Patent Decree
European financial services law
The independence of the European Commission in the legislative process of the Communities
On 18 November 2002, the Russian cabinet approved a plan to introduce deposit insurance.The introduction of deposit insurance is an essential condition for the modernisation of Russias banking sector, and, in particular, for ending the near-monopoly of Sberbank, the State Savings Bank, in the retail segment.In this note, we compare the main features of the proposed system with its European and US equivalents.Although several important aspects of the Russian scheme have yet to be defined, our initial evaluation is positive.Concerns about the stability of the Russian banking system, however, remain .
Swedish forest policy since 1990 : reforms and consequences
Disability and information technology
Policy of Onsite and Small-Scale Wastewater Treatment Options in 	Finland
Russia and its constitution : promise and political reality
Report of the FAO/FFA Regional Workshop to Promote the Full and Effective Implementation of Port State Measures to Combat Illegal, Unreported and Unregulated Fishing, Nadi, Fiji, 28 August-1 September 2006.
Reform of the Aliens' Act [pääkirjoitus]
Services and assistance for the disabled act and Support and assistance for the disabled decree : Finland
Proactive law for managers : a hidden source of competitive advantage
The rationality and justification of legislation : essays in legisprudence
From forced flexibility to forced labour : the exploitation of migrant workers in Finland
Law and ideology in monarchic Israel
The regulation of international economic relations through law
Media law : the rights of journalists and broadcasters
Intellectual Property Rights
A Travel Plan to Japan for Young Adults
General bye-laws 1963 : harbour and port of Manchester
Zhonggua renmin gongheguo duiwai jingji fagui huibian = Collection of laws and regulations of the People's Republic of China consernig foreign economic affairs. 6
The Greenland Home Rule Act 1978 : Act. no. 577 of 29 november 1978 : (extracts)
The Information Society Code as a new act replaced recently eight former acts in Finland in the field of communications. The amount of sections in this one single act is now about 350. The aim of the short paper is to analyze the challenges and benefits of this kind of legal politics..
Housing companies : maintenance and repair responsibilities
Finland drug situation 2010 : new developments, trends and in-depth information on selected issues : 2010 national report to the EMCDDA
Of the vocation of our age for legislation and jurisprudence
Abortion and divorce in Western law
Sports law in a nutshell
This book provides a coherent history of criminal law and homosexuality in Scandinavia 1842-1999, a period during which same-sex love was outlawed or subject to more or less severe legal restrictions in the Scandinavian penal codes. This was the case in most countries in Northern Europe, but the book argues that the development in Scandinavia was different, partly determined by the structure of the welfare state. Five of the most experienced scholars of the history of homosexuality in the region (Jens Rydström, Kati Mustola, Wilhelm von Rosen, Martin Skaug Halsos and Thorgerdur Thorvaldsdóttir) describe how same-sex desire has been regulated in their respective countries during the past 160 years. The authors with their backgrounds in history, sociology, and gender studies represent an interdisciplinary approach to the problem of criminalization of same-sex sexuality. Their contributions, consisting for the most part of previously unpublished material, present for the first time a comprehensive history of homosexuality in Scandinavia. Among other things, it includes the most extensive study yet written in any language about Iceland's gay and lesbian history. Also for the first time, the book discusses in detail same-sex sexuality between women before the law in modern society and presents previously unpublished findings on this topic. Female homosexuality was outlawed in Eastern Scandinavia, but not in the Western parts of this region. It also analyzes the modern tendency to include lesbian women in the criminal discourse as an effect of the medicalization of homosexuality and the growing influence of medical discourse on the law.
Parliamentary oversight of the exceptional situations in a presidential system : debating the reassertion of the constitutional powers of the US Congress
Politics and legitimacy in Post-Soviet Eurasia
The legislative system : explorations in legislative behavior
Commercial and intellectual property law and practice 2014
Constitutional relations between Denmark, the Faroe Islands and Greenland
Information doesn't want to be free : laws for the Internet age
Analysis of Cosmetic Products advises the reader from an analytical chemistry perspective on the choice of suitable analytical methods for production monitoring and quality control of cosmetic products. In the format of an easy-to-understand compendium of published literature on the subject, this book will enable people working in the cosmetic industry or in research laboratories to: * become familiar with the main legislative and analytical literature on this subject and  * learn about and choose suitable analytical procedures for production monitoring and control of cosmetic p
Cases and materials on EC law
The entrepreneurial circumstances for small medium enterprises within Estonia : a legal perspective
The Finland in Figures publication is a compact information package that presents Finland in various ways and also contains international comparison data. The publication is like a visiting card for those needing information about Finland and it can be handed out in both domestic and international contexts.
Potentials : design in the field : new discourse on craft development 1-2
Music education & law : regulation as an instrument
Financing higher education : answers from the UK
Contains analysis of thirty seven select issues of Constitutional Law in India, which are current importance.
The borderless North : proceedings of the Fourth Northern Research Forum
Digital Afterlife  : A General Overview
Annual survey of letter of credit law & practice. 2007
Regulating secure software development : analysing the potential regulatory solutions for the lack of security in software
'Legal empowerment of the poor' versus ''Right to the city' : implications for access to housing in urban Africa
Communist legislatures in comparative perspective
Comparative legislatures
Sports and the law : a modern anthology
Holistic Evaluation of Cruise Vessel Advanced Wastewater Purification Process through Mass Balance
Official journal of the European Communities. C, Information and notices
Cultural Environment Strategy 2014–2020 : Government Resolution 20 March 2014.
Sport and the law
Electronic and mobile commerce law : an analysis of trade, finance, media and cybercrime in the digital age
Political legitimacy has become a scarce resource in Russia and other post-Soviet states in Eurasia. Their capacity to deliver prosperity has suffered from economic crisis, the conflict in Ukraine and the ensuing confrontation with the West. Will nationalism and repression enable political regimes to survive? This book investigates the politics of legitimation in post-Soviet countries, focusing on how political and intellectual elites exploit different modes of legitimation. Combining cross-national comparisons and country case studies, it addresses state-economy relations, pro-presidential parties, courts, ideas of nationhood, historical and literary narratives. Weak economic performance, evidence of electoral fraud, unresponsive governments and the waning authority of presidents continue to jeopardize institutional legitimacy. Whilst incumbent elites have been able to shift between legitimation modes, this collection argues that shifts towards nationalism, artificial charisma and traditionalism will not be sufficient in the long term to keep elites in power.
The essays collected in this book address legislation from the viewpoint of legal theory and provide an overview of current research in legisprudence as a new scholarly approach to lawmaking. The overall focus of the volume is on the justification of legislation, with a special emphasis on the intricate notion of legislative rationality. With the rational justification of legislation as their central theme, the essays elaborate on the foundations and bounds of legislation and the search for a more principled lawmaking, discuss the role of legislation within the framework of democratic constitutionalism, analyze legislation as implementation of constitutional law, and explore how legislative argumentation in parliament can be construed as a source of justification of laws.
Human rights law
The Finnish patent decree : effective September 1, 1985
Finnish labour law in practice [Talentum- verkkokirjahylly]
Illegal abortion in Kenya
Possibilities to Operational Use of Remotely Piloted Aircrafts in Finland : Miehittämättömien ilma-alusjärjestelmien operatiivisen käytön mahdollistaminen Suomessa
Management plan for the Finnish seal populations in the Baltic Sea
Mass communication law in a nutshell
Historic parks and gardens in the planning system : handbook
Theory of international law
Comparisons Between Occupational Health and Safety Cultures in Kenya and Finland
Textbook on international law
Constitutional theory
The Facilities Management Handbook gives a complete overview of the role of a Facilities Manager. It provides all the relevant legal compliance, strategic policies and best practice information needed to ensure the safe, efficient and cost-effective running of any facilities function. Complete with checklists and sources of further information, this book offers easy-to-find practical advice to this broad and complex field. This new edition reflects the greater awareness of sustainable practices, as well as bringing the book up-to-date in line with changes to legislation. This title: clearly explains UK Health & Safety legislation providing unambiguous information needed for legal compliance; gives an overview to the diverse duties covered by a facilities manager, eliminating the need for separate references; and, includes checklists and sources of further information for easy-to-find advice.
Global regulatory issues for the cosmetics industry : Volume 2
Remediation of significant environmental damage : manual on procedures
Co-operatives and the law : papers presented at the colloquim on co-operatives and the law
Doing business in Russia : May 2006.
The german stock corporation act
Forever a pilot? : assessing the policy dialogue and project-based cooperation in energy efficiency between the EU and Russia
Redefining the legal and canonical role of the old believers marriage in 19th century Russia : a history of one case
Criminal and offensive behavior involving multiuser virtual worlds
An evaluation of draft legislation on Russian depposit  insurance
Recapitulatory list of directives and proposals for directives relating to the elimination of technical barriers to trade for industrial products
Samarbejdsprogram for det nordiske lovgivningssamarbejde på justitssektoren 1999-2000 = Programme for Nordic co-operation on legislation in the justice sector 1999-2000
The manager's guide to health and safety at work
Interfaces on trial 2.0
Research related to Finnish and Estonian road transport regulation policy and difference in cost structure : case: Heikkilä Transport Oy
Keeping the door ajar : local border traffic regimes on the EU’s eastern borders
The law of betting, gaming and lotteries
Foreign investment, law and sustainable development : a handbook on agriculture and extractive industries
Law in the making
The law of multi-bank financing : syndicated loans and the secondary loan market
Automotive Import Taxation : Trade from Germany to Finland
Impacts of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 on public's trust : strengthening the role of independent auditors and management : case study Thermo Electric Corporation
Telecommunications laws in Europe
The Development of the Transfer Pricing Process
Jurisdiction and the Internet : a study of regulatory competence over online activity
The Danish Pharmacy Act 2015 : amendments concerning community pharmacies
Comparisons between occupational health and safety cultures in Kenya and Finland
China's media & entertainment law. Vol. 1
Governance of the consuming passions : a history of sumptuary law
Life before birth : the moral and legal status of embryos and fetuses
Protection from exposure to second-hand tobacco smoke : policy recommendations
Import process of ready-made garments from Bangladesh to Finland
Playing by the rules : a guide to competition law around the world
Selected Readings in Chinese Legal System
Proceedings of the Conference on Policy Instruments for Safeguarding Forest Biodiversity - Legal and Economic Viewpoints : the Fifth International BIOECON Conference 15th-16th January 2004, House of Estates, Helsinki
Disability and Information Technology examines the extent to which regulatory frameworks for information and communication technologies (ICTs) safeguard the rights of persons with disabilities as citizenship rights. It adopts a comparative approach focused on four case studies: Canada, the European Union, the United Kingdom and the United States. It focuses on the tension between social and economic values in the regulation of ICTs and calls for a regulatory approach based on a framework of principles that reflects citizenship values. The analysis identifies challenges encountered in the jurisdictions examined and points toward the rights-based approach advanced by the UN Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities as a benchmark in protecting the rights of persons with disabilities to have equal access to information. The research draws on a wealth of resources, including legislation, cases, interviews, consultation documents and responses from organisations representing persons with disabilities.
Lawmakers in a changing world
Paget's Law of banking
Facilities management handbook
Access to Finnish law
Russian legal culture before and after communism : criminal justice, politics and the public sphere
Making of multilingual law : the effects of the ordinary legislative procedure on the linguistic uniformity and reliability of EU law
Religion in the mirror of law : Eastern European perspectives from the early modern period to 1939
Estonian legislation in translation : legal acts of Estonia
Ecolex : the gateway to environmental law
Access to Finnish law [Talentum verkkokirjahylly]
Law, economics, and cyberspace : the effects of cyberspace on the economic analysis of law
Future Environmental Legislation in the South Pacific
Finland in figures 2016.
'Analysis of Cosmetic Products' advises the reader from an analytical chemistry perspective on the choice of suitable analytical methods for production monitoring and quality control of cosmetic products.
Public partcipation and oil exploitation in Uganda
Language and law in Northern Ireland
Transformation of the recorded music industry to the digital age : a review of technology-driven changes in the EU copyright framework focusing on their effect on digital music markets
Legislating the blind spot : the EU seal regime and the Newfoundland seal hunt
A manager's guide to IT law
Soviet law and Soviet reality
Political parties and network formation
Radiation Act (592/91). Radiation Decree (1512/91). Supervision-of-non-ionizing-radiation Decree (1513/91)
Gendered citizenship in Sudan : competing perceptions of women's civil rights within the family laws among northern and southern elites in Khartoum
Finland drug situation 2014
The evidence enigma : correctional boot camps and other failures in evidence-based policymaking
The critique of law : independent legal studies. Vol. 3, Equality = Krytyka prawa : niezależne studia nad prawem. Tom. 3, Równość
Interpreting Management and policy in Finland, United Kingdom and Germany
Parties and law-making in Finland : a policy framework
European Union law
"Mali's mining sector has grown greatly since the early 1990s, and is now the second largest source of export income. But while the state receives significant revenues, at the local level mining operations have been associated with loss of land rights and environmental pollution. This study identifies legal tools that can be used by local people to better secure their land rights and to participate more effectively in investment decisions and benefits. It assesses the strengths and weaknesses of these tools, and the opportunities and constraints associated with them. It also considers ways to increase their effectiveness, and identifies next steps for policy engagement and capacity building work. In some areas this pressure is exacerbated by increased investment in the mining sector, which adds another dimension to the issue - greater need for local participation in decision-making processes, transparency in negotiating contracts, proper compensation and a share of the profits generated by the extractive industry. Legal tools that can be used by local communities take on a particular relevance in these areas." --Provided by publisher.
Analysis of cosmetic products
Seeking a way out of the cage : underprivileged women and domestic violence in Bangladesh
Youth Work in Finland
The Finnish patent law : effective September 1, 1985
Survey of the Member State national laws governing vertical distribution agreements
Bibliotheksgesetzgebung in Europa : Diskussionsbeiträge und Länderberichte = Library legislation in Europe : discussion papers and country reports
Filicide, intra-familial child homicides in Finland 1970-1994
Background materials on the protection of the underwater cultural heritage = Documents de base sur la protection du patrimoine culturel subaquatique
Implementing a Crowdfunding Campaign for a Profit Seeking Entity in Finland
The history of Byzantine and Eastern canon law to 1500
Aliens' Act, Aliens' Decree : unofficial translation
The Finnish patent law
Legislative drafting : a new approach : a comparative study of methods in France, Germany, Sweden and the United Kingdom
Õigusriik = Legal state. 1, Õigusloomingu probleemid = Problems of law creation
Open source software law
Branding @ the digital age
Digital music distribution : technology driven changes in copyright law and diversification of business models
The European business legislation handbook
Constructing 'language' in language policy discourse : Finnish and Swedish legislative processes in the 2000s
Greenland : ten years of home rule
"The challenge of urban deprivation and exclusion in the urban South has given rise to varied and shifting policies and ideas. Two sets of ideas have gained great currency in recent years in international policy and academic circles. The Legal Empowerment of the Poor approach, rooted in neoliberal thinking, focuses on the legal rights of the urban poor as the means to secure access to basic services and needs. The Right to the City perspective, on the other hand, stresses issues of citizenship and the appropriation and uses of urban space. This Policy Dialogue analyses the different ideological and normative foundations of the two perspectives and discusses how they lead to different policy formulations. It then takes a closer look at how the two perspectives find expression in contemporary discussions on and approaches to access to housing in urban Africa. To this end, it compares what each approach identifies as the source of the problem and recommends as the policy solution." --Publisher's description.
Uusi ulkomaalaislaki = The new aliens act in Finland
Broadening the scope of compensation for damage to natural resources : what can we learn from U.S. Law
Criminally queer : homosexuality and criminal law in Scandinavia 1842-1999
Food safety legislation and control in the Russian federation : practical experiences
Abortion rights as religious freedom
Selected foreign-related civil and commercial laws and regulations of the People's Republic of China : miscellaneous laws
Voluntary CSR vs. mandatory CSR : the sound of employees
Finnish co-operative law
Finland : Sports act, issued in Helsinki on December 21, 1979 : Statute on sports, issued in Helsinki on December 28, 1979 : Act on the amendment to the Sports act, issued in Helsinki on December 22, 1983 : Statute for the amendment to article 2 of the Statute on sports, issued in Helsinki on December 22, 1983
The food sector in transition - Nordic research : proceedings of NJF-seminar no. 313, June 2000
Radiation protection legislation
Report of the Expert Consultation on the Use of Vessel Monitoring Systems and Satellites for Fisheries Monitoring, Control and Surveillance, Rome, 24-26 October 2006.
Chartering documents
The actual alcohol legislation and its carrying into execution
Is the Finnish Corporate Governance converging towards the Anglo-American model?
Digital afterlife : a general overview
Cyberlaw : What You need to know about doing business online
Introduction to the law in the United States
RESEARCH RELATED TO FINNISH AND ESTONIAN ROAD TRANSPORT REGULATION POLICY AND DIFFERENCE IN COST STRUCTURE
The Constitution of India : select issues & perceptions
Reflections on law and economic integration in East Africa
The international law of art : for lawyers, collectors and artists / Barnett Hollander
The American legislative process : Congress and the states
Inventions, patents and monopoly
Intellectual property rights
Legislation as manifestation of paradigms : the case of labour protection in Finland
Legislation in Finland - general features and current issues
Legal tools for citizen empowerment : increasing local participation and benefit in Mali's mining sector
The future control of food : a guide to international negotiations and rules on intellectual property, biodiversity and food security
