http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13884 soups
soups
Slurp! : a social and culinary history of ramen, Japan's favorite noodle soup
Saved by soup : more than 100 delicious low-fat soup recipes to eat and enjoy every day
I love bacon!
Radiant : recipes to heal your skin from within
Simply satisfying : over 200 vegetarian recipes you’ll want to make again and again
Eat smart : what to eat in a day - every day
ValuSoft's mastercook CD to accompany on cooking : a textbook of culinary fundamentals
Professional garde manger : a comprehensive guide to cold food preparation
Food, health, and happiness : 115 on-point recipes for great meals and a better life
Fifty shades of chicken
Murder is binding : a Booktown mystery
Philadelphia cream cheese cookbook
Boiled, poached, and steamed foods
Asian pickles : India : recipes for Indian sweet, sour, salty, and cured pickles and chutneys
Coeliac's new cookbook : naturally gluten-free foods and treats
A great American cook : recipes from the home kitchen of one of our most influential chefs
The fundamental techniques of classic cuisine
"For the first time ever, the legendary chef collects and updates the best recipes from his six-decade career. With a searchable DVD demonstrating every technique a cook will ever need. In his more than sixty years as a chef, Jacques Pepin has earned a reputation as a champion of simplicity. His recipes are classics. They find the shortest, surest route to flavor, avoiding complicated techniques. Now, in a book that celebrates his life in food, the world's most famous cooking teacher winnows his favorite recipes from the thousands he has created, streamlining them even further. They include Onion Soup Lyonnaise-Style, which Jacques enjoyed as a young chef while bar-crawling in Paris; Linguine with Clam Sauce and Vegetables, a frequent dinner chez Jacques; Grilled Chicken with Tarragon Butter, which he makes indoors in winter and outdoors in summer; Five-Peppercorn Steak, his spin on a bistro classic; Meme's Apple Tart, which his mother made every day in her Lyon restaurant; and Warm Chocolate Fondue Souffle, part cake, part pudding, part souffle, and pure bliss. Essential Pepin spans the many styles of Jacques's cooking: homey country French, haute cuisine, fast food Jacques-style, and fresh contemporary American dishes. Many of the recipes are globally inspired, from Mexico, across Europe, or the Far East. In the accompanying searchable DVD, Jacques shines as a teacher, as he demonstrates all the techniques a cook needs to know. This truly is the essential Pepin. "--
The China study cookbook : over 120 whole food, plant-based recipes
The Waldorf-Astoria cookbook
Rainbow cuisine : a culinary journey through South Africa
Quick easy soups : 70 imaginative recipes for the busy cook
Egyptian soups : hot and cold
The soul of a new cuisine : a discovery of the foods and flavors of Africa
"With dishes created and prepared alongside her favorite chefs, paired with personal essays and memories from Oprah herself, this cookbook offers a candid, behind-the-scenes look into the life (and kitchen) of one of the most influential and respected celebrities in the world"--Back cover.
Soup, beautiful soup
Antipasti : fabulous appetizers and small paltes
The New York times bread and soup cookbook
The vegetarian athlete's cookbook : more than 100 delicious recipes for active living
Sunday dinners : food, family, and faith from our favorite pastors
Barrafina : a Spanish cookbook
Naturally sassy : my recipes for an energised, healthy and happy you
The book of whole meals : a seasonal guide to assembling balanced vegetarian breakfasts, lunches & dinners
The Engineer's Cookbook
An exaltation of soups : the soul-satisfying story of soup, as told in more than 100 recipes
Italian street food : recipes from Italy's bars and hidden laneways
Splendid soups : recipes and master techniques for making the world's best soups
The complete Asian cookbook. Thailand, Vietnam, Cambodia, Laos & Burma
Soups
Not just a load of lentils
Superfood soups : a how to book
Simply Scandinavian : travelling in time with Finnish cuisine and nature
Modern batch cookery
Mediterranean cookbook : fresh, fast and easy recipes
Run fast. eat slow. : Nourishing Recipes for Athletes
The fair lady cookbook
Garde manger : the art and craft of the cold kitchen
Younger skin in 28 days : the fast-track diet for beautiful skin and a cellulite-proof body
Great salads and vegetables
Artist, the Cook, and the Gardener : recipes inspired by painting from the garden
Heart of the artichoke and other kitchen journeys
Food in Vogue : from Boulestin to Boxer
Fabulous French fruit cuisine : gourmet French fruit recipes from a master chef
Cultured food for life : how to make and serve delicious probiotic foods for better health and wellness : [kefir, kombucha, cultured vegetables, sprouted flour, sourdough]
Mad hungry cravings
Bowls of goodness : vibrant vegetarian recipes full of nourishment
Essential Pepin : more than 700 all-time favorites from my life in food
The Wine and Food Society's guide to soups
The Professional Garde Manger : a guide to the art of the buffet
Zuppa! : soups from the Italian countryside
Art of the pie : a practical guide to homemade crusts, fillings, and life
South-East Asian Soups : Thailand, Malaysia, Singapore, Indonesia, Vietnam, Cambodia
Soup : a way of life
Nourishing broth : an old-fashioned remedy for the modern world
The heart of the plate : vegetarian recipes for a new generation
Small bites : tapas, sushi, mezze, antipasti, and other finger foods
Potato : the definitive guide to potatoes and potato cooking
Savour : sensational soups to fulfil & fortify
A feast of ice and fire : the official companion cookbook
The joy of pasta
The tickle fingers toddler cookbook : hands-on fun in the kitchen for 1 to 4s
The kid-friendly  ADHD & autism cookbook : the ultimate guide to the gluten-free, casein-free diet
Studio Olafur Eliasson : the kitchen
The complete Asian cookbook. Japan & Korea
Veganomicon : the ultimate vegan cookbook
Bistro Laurent Tourondel : new American bistro cooking
A Celebration of soup : with classic recipes from around the world
How to cook the perfect..
The alkaline cleanse : a seven-day detox
Feeling vs. being like a domestic goddess : cookbooks and lifestyle choices
Mediterranean diet for dummies
Christmas cookies : dozens of classic yuletide treats for the whole family
COOKERY FOR SPECIFIC DIETS & CONDITIONS. In "Paleo Cooking With Your Instant Pot," bestselling Paleo cookbook author Jennifer Robins teaches readers how to use her favorite tool and secret weapon, the Instant Pot, to cook amazing meals at home with ease. The Instant Pot is a wildly popular and ultra-handy kitchen tool that cooks many different methods using one pot including pressure cooking, slow cooking, steaming and sauteing and can be intimidating until now. Jennifer walks you through the settings and provides top-quality and foolproof recipes that show you everything this cooker is capable of. With the bulk of the work done by the Instant Pot and all in one pot, you spend less time cooking and washing dishes.
Vegetarian cooking for you
Soups & Sandwiches
Onions without tears
The art and science of culinary preparation : a culinarian's manual
Grill every day : 125 fast-track recipes for weeknights at the grill
Fresh : new vegetarian and vegan recipes from awardwinning fresh restaurants
300 slow-cook classic recipes : a collection of delicious minimum-effort meals, including soups, stews, roasts, hotpots, casseroles, curries and tagines, shown in 300 photographs
The soup bible : all the soups you could ever need in one inspiring collection
Soups : the best recipes from around the world
Added β-glucan as a source of fibre for consumers
I quit sugar : slow cooker cookbook : easy, nutritious slow-cooker recipes for busy folk & families
Chef Paul Prudhomme's seasoned America
The art of French cooking
Skinny soups : 80 flavour-packed recipes of less than 300 calories
New complete cookbook
An encyclopedia of spirits & liqueurs and how to cook with them
A beautiful bowl of soup : the best vegetarian recipes
Paleo cooking with your instant pot : 80 incredible gluten- and grain-free recipes made twice as delicious in half the time
The Sunset ground beef cook book
The working garde manger
A Feast of flavours
The art of vegetarian cookery
Easy one-pot : over 100 tasty recipes for busy cooks
Deliciously Ella with friends
Cooking with wholefoods : healthy and wholesome recipes for grains, pulses, legumes and beans
Pumpkin soup
The ultimate rice cooker cookbook : 250 no-fail recipes for pilafs, risotto, polenta, chilis, soups, porridges, puddings, and more, from start to finish in your rice cooker
Rice cooking
The air fryer cookbook : deep-fried flavour made easy, without all the fat!
Turkish meze  : the little dishes of the dips, purées, soups, salads and snacks : 60 recipes shown step by step in more than 300 stunning photographs
The paleo slow cooker : healthy, gluten-free meals the easy way
The fast days cookbook : delicious & filling low-calorie recipes for the 5:2 diet
Why raw? When cacao beans are naturally fermented and dried rather than roasted, they retain much more of their natural goodness. The process also means the berry and coffee notes found in raw chocolate's flavour are intensified - similar to unsweetened dark chocolate. Plus it's very versatile, works in savoury or sweet dishes and, most importantly, makes you feel good in your body and soul. Part of The Goodness Of series, Raw Chocolate offers well-chosen recipes that minimise cooking to ensure that as any of raw chocolate's nutrients as possible are retained to deliver the best benefits.
The complete book of Italian cooking
The goodness of raw chocolate : 40 amazing antioxidant recipes
Soups : over 100 delicious recipes
