http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13820 theories of the state
theories of the state
International relations
Politics ancient and modern
Warp and weave : the evolution of the capitalist state under globalisation
The changing architecture of politics : structure, agency, and the future of the state
The sovereign state : the secret history of ITT
The possibility of cooperation
Finnish yearbook of political thought. 2003, vol. 7.
The problem of the capitalist state
Frameworks of power
Theories of the democratic state
From polis to borders : demarcation of social and ritual space in the sanctuary of Poseidon at Kalaureia, Greece
Imagining the American polity : political science and the discourse of democracy
The prince
Machiavelli in hell
Finnish yearbook of political thought. 2000, vol. 4.
Theory and methods in political science
A philosophy of concrete life : Carl Schmitt and the political thought of late modernity
Training policy reform in Britain : state autonomy, union power and bottom-line politicism
The Machiavellian cosmos
Impersonal power : history and theory of the bourgeois state
The systematically revised third edition of the leading text on approaches and methods in political science features a considerable internatizationization in both the team of contributors and the range of coverage and examples. About half the chapters are entirely new and the rest are substantially revised and updated.
Multitude in motion : re-readings on the political philosophy of Thomas Hobbes
The open society and its enemies. Volume I : The spell of Plato
Thinking politics : perspectives in ancient, modern, and postmodern political theory
State theory and state history
Political messianism : the romantic phase
The open society and its enemies. Vol. 1, The spell of Plato
Agency theory as a framework for the government-university relationship
Divine sovereignty : the origins of modern state power
Anarchy, state, and utopia
The ideology of order : a comparative analysis of Jean Bodin and Thomas Hobbes
The open society and its enemies
Marx and Mill : two views of social conflict and social harmony
Administering civil society : towards a theory of state power
Theories of the state : the politics of liberal democracy
Monarchy
The state in socialist society
New world order : the ancient plan of secret societies
Property and power : towards a non-Marxian historical materialism
The Bolshevik revolution 1917-1923. Volume 1
The good polity : normative analysis of the state
The Utopia of Sir Thomas More : in Latin from the edition of March 1518, and in English from the 1st ed. of Ralph Robynson's translation in 1551
Discourses on Livy
Thomas More on statesmanship
The withering away of the state? : party and state under communism
The state of social control : a sociological study of concepts of state and social control in the making of democracy
The sources of social power. Vol. 1, A history of power from the beginning to AD 1760
The state tradition in Western Europe : a study of an idea and institution
Archaeology and state theory : subjects and objects of power
Abstract: Democracy, rule of law and ongoing conversation.
Alien politics : Marxist state theory retrieved
The idea of politics : the uses of power in society
State failure : the impotence of politics in industrial society
The state in modern society : new directions in political sociology
The state in global perspective
A union for empire : political thought and the British Union of 1707
Revising state theory : essays in politics and postindustrialism
A genealogy of sovereignty
Machiavelli and the nature of political thought
Utopia & dialogue of comfort
Comparing political thinkers
Capitalism, state formation and Marxist theory : historical investigations
Capital : a critique of political economy. Vol. 1
Plato's utopia recast : his later ethics and politics
A history of Soviet Russia, The Bolshevik revolution 1917-1923
Adam Smith's politics : an essay in historiographic revision
The nature of political theory
Reappraising political theory : revisionist studies in the history of political thought
The concept of political judgment
The general theory of law and marxism
Rediscoveries
Two treatises of government : and, A letter concerning toleration
Freedom and the organizational republic
The state
Theory of state and law
Two treatises of government
The liberal paradigm of fundamental rights and the welfare state
The state in Western Europe : retreat or redefinition?
Building a 'culture of dialogue' among stakeholders in North-West Russian oil extraction
The prince : the original classic
Hobbes's "science of natural justice"
Concerning the city of God against pagans
The theory of democracy revisited
The open society and its enemies. Vol. 2, Hegel and Marx
The prince : with related documents
Terrible ideas : some sources of the groza of Ivan IV
Nationalism : a report
Politics and science : Francis Bacon and the true greatness of states
Beyond the state : an introductory critique
Marsilius of Padua: The defender of peace : The defensor pacis
The state : authority and autonomy
Early state, its alternatives and analogues
Real libertarianism assessed : political theory after Van Parijs
The origins of statecraft in China. Vol. 1, The Western Chou empire
The garments of court and palace : Machiavelli and the world that he made
Re-stating social and political change
De cive : the English version entitled in the first edition Philosophical rudiments concerning government and society
Abstract: The modern nation and missing genders.
The sociology of Marx
State and society in international relations
The development of Plato's political theory
City and soul in Plato's Republic
Critical theories of the state : Marxist, Neo-Marxist, Post-Marxist
Freedom, society and the state : an investigation into the possibility of society without government
Democracy : a life
Problems of legal philosophy
Nations and states : an enquiry into the origins of nations and the politics of nationalism
Finnish yearbook of political thought. 2001, vol. 5.
This article focuses on three interrelated themes in the study of ancient Greek religion, looked at through the mateiral evidence from the sanctuary of Poseidon at Kalaureia on the island of Poros, Greece. First, I look at the so-called polis model and its applicability to an interpretation of Kalaureian material related to the cultic life of the sanctuary from the point of view of the 'historiography' of Greek religion. I then discuss the historical context of the archaeological material, with particular emphasis on the topic of the sanctuary as a known place of asylum particularly during the Hellenistic period. Thirdy, I examine the archaeological material related to eating and dining and its potential connections to the demarcation between sacred and profane activities and between sacralised and profane space in the sanctuary, with special interpretative attention to the significance of border(s) and boundaries. Drawing attention to these issues may help us understand the dynamics and interplay between 'official' and 'private' aspects of ancient Greek religion, within both the tradition of the scholarship of ancient Greek religion and the so-called 'archaeology of cult'.
Political obligation in its historical context ; essays in political theory
Democracy and the capitalist state
Systematic politics
The Utopia of Sir Thomas More : Ralph Robinson's translation with Roper's life of More and some of his letters
Marxism and the U.S.S.R : the theory of proletarian dictatorship and the Marxist analysis of Soviet Society
Neostoicism and the early modern state
The state : past, present, future
From Enlightenment to Revolution
After neo-evolutionism, how does one talk about the pre-modern state? Over the past two decades archaeological research has shifted decisively from check-list identifications of the state as an evolutionary type to studies of how power and authority were constituted in specific polities. Developing Gramsci's concept of hegemony, this book provides an accessible discussion of general principles that serve to help us understand and organise these new directions in archaeological research. Throughout this book, conceptual issues are illustrated by means of case studies drawn from Madagascar, Mesopotamia, the Inca, the Maya and Greece.
Identities, borders, orders : rethinking international relations theory
The sexual contract
The utopia reader
Theories of the state
Selected political writings
The political thought of Martin Luther
Between form and event : Machiavelli's theory of political freedom
The dialogue of negation : debates on hegemony in Russia and the West
The sociology of politics. Vol. 1, Power and the state
Abstract.
On politics : [a history of political thought from Herodotus to the present]
Changes in the state : causes and consequences
States in history
State apparatus : structures and language of legitimacy
The Leviathan in the state theory of Thomas Hobbes : meaning and failure of a political symbol
New world disorder : the Leninist extinction
Bentham's theory of the modern state
Democratic theory as public philosophy : the alternative to ideology and utopia
Ideology and the formation of early states
Pressure, power and policy : state autonomy and policy networks in Britain and the United States
De natura rerum : scripta in honorem professoris Olli Koistinen sexagesimum annum complentis
Models of democracy
Sir Thomas More's Utopia
Comparative politics : an introduction and new approach
Leviathan
Durkheim on politics and the state
The  state and international relations
The state and political theory
Corporatism in perspective : an introductory guide to corporatist theory
Politics in its place : a study of six ideologies
The prince on the art of power : the new illustrated edition of the renaissance masterpiece on leadership
Western political theory : from its origins to the present
Property and political theory
The Prince
The idea of the modern state
Interpreting Thomas More's Utopia
Rethinking state theory
State theory : putting the capitalist state in its place
