http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13844 bar codes
bar codes
RFID use in paper industry idenfication
Automatic identification in warehouse
Improving warehouse operations through bar coding
Food Scanner : barcode reader
Barcode reading with a camera phone
Systematizing morphology: a total evidence approach to ditrysian phylogenetics (Lepidoptera)
Developing materials operations at component production
Test environment for mobile phone barcode reader evaluation
Development of PDF417 barcode generator
Practical handbook of warehousing
The bar code book : comprehensive guide to reading, printing, specifying, and applying bar code and other machine-readable symbols
Computer vision : principles and practice
Species are the fundamental units of biological diversity, but their identification and delimitation is often difficult. The difficulties are pronounced in diverse taxa such as insects. DNA barcodes, short standardized segments of the genome, have recently become a popular tool for identifying specimens to species, and are increasingly used as one of the sources of information for species delimitation. In this thesis, I studied the utility of DNA barcodes in species identification and delimitation in beetles (Coleoptera). Beetles are one of the most diverse animal groups, with nearly 400 000 known species. The Nordic beetle fauna is among the most thoroughly studied on the planet, providing excellent conditions for these studies. I also approached barcode sequences from a new angle, exploring amino acid variation and its connections to life history in a sample of the entire animal kingdom. I also studied variation and evolution at the amino acid level in large-scale samples of beetles and moths & butterflies (Lepidoptera). DNA barcodes proved to be a feasible tool for identifying species of Nordic beetles: depending on the criteria for successful identification, 95-98% of specimens could be identified to the species level based on DNA barcodes. Regardless of the delimitation method used, approximately 90% of the currently accepted species were perfectly recovered based on barcode data, and simple rules for forming consensus between delimitations improved the fit between species and barcode clusters even further. Several species that were split into two or more sequence clusters apparently include species new to science that have been previously overlooked. This conclusion is supported by preliminary morphological analysis. The study on amino acid variation revealed both a general pattern of structural conservation throughout the animal kingdom, and some interesting amino acid substitutions with potential to affect enzymatic function. Amino acid variation was more extensive in Coleoptera than in Lepidoptera, potentially due to differences in selection pressure and patterns of molecular evolution in the barcode region between the two orders.
Electronic ticketing for Himos area
Hybridmedia as a tool to deliver personalised product-specific information about food : report of the Tivik project
Identification of PWB, improving bar code reading reliability
Development of line code systems in industrial
RFID adoption in supply chains and organizations : adoption constraints
Improving material handling and inventory management in district heating system manufacturing business
"This book emphasizes the convergence and trajectory of automatic identification and location-based services toward chip implants and real-time positioning capabilities"--Provided by publisher.
The Bar code book : a comprehensive guide to reading, printing, specifying, evaluating, and using bar code and other machine-readable symbols
Internet and EDI in effective accounting
Innovative automatic identification and location-based services : from bar codes to chip implants
Integrated acupucture point model with two-dimensional bar code
Tiivistelmä: Impact of quality, procurement and quality in grocery industry.
RFID : radio frequency identification
Glossary of supply chain terminology : a dictionary on business, transportation, warehousing, manufacturing, purchasing, technology, and more!
Plant DNA fingerprinting and barcoding : methods and protocols
PWB Change Effects on Paste Printing and Final Assembly
Networked RFID : systems, software and services
Understanding barcoding
Potential of RFID technology in logistics : case Metso Paper
Use of QR codes in Vamk
RFID for the optimization of business processes
Automated data gathering for industrial production tracking
Taxon delineation in gelechioid moths : from phylogenetics to DNA barcoding
Abstract: Electronic ticketing for Himos area.
Impact of quality, procurement and quality in grocery industry
The bar code book : reading, printing, specification, and application of bar code and other machine readable symbols
iPhone for product information solution design and implementation
Development  of bar code usage in incoming marerial warehouse
Information technology - Automatic identification and data capture techniques - QR Code 2005 bar code symbology specification
Information technology - Automatic identification and data capture techniques - QR Code 2005 bar code symbology specification. : Technical corrigendum 1.
Utility of DNA barcodes in identification and delimitation of beetle species, with insights into COI protein structure across the animal kingdom
Systematizing morphology : a total evidence approach to ditrysian phylogenetics (Lepidoptera)
Automatic identification and data collection systems in a warehouse
