http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13843 communications research
communications research
The image society : essays on visual culture
Canadian communication thought : ten foundational writers
Media history
The communication review
Speaking personally : the rise of subjective and confessional journalism
Why do I love and hate the Sugarfolks in Syruptown? : studying the visual production of heteronormativity in television commercials
The beginnings of communication study in America : a personal memoir
Communication research : is there such a thing?
Research on negotiation in organizations : a research annual. Volume 3, Handbook of negotiation research
Tracing the national 'us' from TV talk
Quality Manual for the Sales Department and Internal Information Flow within Arctic Finland House
Nordic Conference on Mass Communication Research 13. : Jyväskylä 9-12 August 1997
The bias of communication
Theory and research in mass communication : contexts and consequences
Studies of communication and media in Finland : state of the art
Access : some Western models of community media
Ideology and professional culture of journalists in Cuba : [confidences, dialogues and senses of a profession]
The media studies book : a guide for teachers
Whitewash : racialized politics and the media
Investigating audiences
The message measurement inventory : a profile for communication analysis
Space and politics of identity : imaginary landscapes and ideological reproduction of 'we'
Studying the media : an introduction
Context comes first - or does it?
Rethinking communication. Vol. 1, Paradigm issues
Culture, media, language : working papers in cultural studies 1972-1979
International media research : a critical survey
Race and contention in 21st century U.S. media
The local and international in Russian business journalism : structutres and practices
The Routledge companion to social media and politics
Choreography of touches, glances and movements between hosts and assistans on television
The play theory of mass communication
Detecting the fictional problem solvers in time and space : metaphors guiding qualitative analysis and interpretation
The politics of TV violence : policy uses of communication research
Research on negotiation in organizations : a biannual research series. Volume 2
In the event : reading journalism, reading theory
The comics of Joe Sacco : journalism in a visual world
Doing documentary work
Mass communication research methods
North-South information culture : trends in global communications and research paradigms
Human communication theory and research : concepts, contexts, and challenges
Communications in transition : issues and debates in current research
Power, media, culture : a critical view from the political economy of communication
Ongoing research in communication/mass communication in Finland 1987.
New frontiers in international communication theory
Notes on the concept of aggression and its (mis) use in media research
Progress in communication sciences. Vol. 1
The politics of metaphor : biotechnology and biodiversity in the media
Action theory and communication research : recent developments in Europe
Reporting disasters : famine, aid, politics and the media
A geography of Finland : study guide
Ongoing research in communication and media in Finland 1996
A Handbook of Media and Communication Research presents qualitative as well as quantitative approaches to the study of media and communication, integrating perspectives from both the social sciences and the humanities. Taking methodology as a strategic level of analysis that joins practical concerns with theoretical issues, the Handbook offers a comprehensive and in-depth review of the field and a set of guidelines for how to think about, plan, and carry out media and communication studies in different social and cultural contexts. The second edition has been thoroughly updated with reference to the development of the internet, mobile, and other digital media. Each chapter addresses shifting configurations of established media organizations, media discourses, and media users in networked practices of communication. The introduction and one further chapter probe changing conceptions on mass and interpersonal, online and offline communication -- in research as in everyday life. Three new chapters have been added to exemplify different forms of research employing multiple methods to study multiple media in multiple contexts.
Journalism at risk : threats, challenges and perspectives
The news gap : when the information preferences of the media and the public diverge
Ethics and professional codes in journalism : new rules for the 21st century
Since the late 1990s, there has been a crucial and substantial transformation in China's television system involving institutional, structural and regulatory changes. Unraveling the implications of these changes is vital for understanding the politics of Chinese media policy-making and regulation, and thus a comprehensive study of this history has never been more essential. This book studies the transformation of the policy and regulation of the Chinese television sector within a national political and economic context from 1996 to the present day. Taking a historical and sociological approach, it engages in the theoretical debates over the nature of the transformation of media in the authoritarian Chinese state; the implications of the ruling party's political legitimacy and China's central-local conflicts upon television policy-making and market structure; and the nature of the media modernisation process in a developing country. Its case studies include broadcasting systems in Shanghai and Guangdong, which demonstrate that varied policies and development strategies have been adopted by television stations, reflecting different local circumstances and needs. Arguing that rather than being a homogenous entity, China has demonstrated the substantial local diversity and complex interactions between local, national and global media, this book will be of interest to students and scholars of Chinese media, politics and policy, and international communications.
Public relations cases : international perspectives
Approaches to media : a reader
Communication and comprehension : The report of an investigation, by statistical methods, of an effective communication of educative material and an assessment of the factors making for such communication, with special reference to broadcasting
Reclaiming the public sphere : communication, power and social change
Communication research reports
Systems of information, communication and organization
Creating an Internal Communications Development Plan for Sandvik Mining and Construction
Affective methodologies : developing cultural research strategies for the study of affect
Interactive expertise : studies in distributed working intelligence
On the scientific status and position of communication research
Readings on religion as news
17th Nordic Conference on Media and Communication Research : Aalborg, 11-14 August 2005
A companion to media studies
Freedom of speech in Russia : politics and media from Gorbachev to Putin
A2 media studies : the essential revision guide for AQA
Mass communication research : major issues and future directions
Un/covering the North : news, media, and aboriginal people
The transformation of investigative journalism in China : from journalists to activists
Research*eu : the magazine of the European research area
Media research techniques
Rethinking journalism again : societal role and public relevance in a digital age
Communication theories : perspectives, processes, and contexts
The search for a method : focus groups and the development of mass communication research
Media relations : from a journalist's perspective
The media book
Communications research and cultural values
The communication theory reader
Research paradigms, television, and social behavior
NordMedia 2007 : 18th Nordic Concerence on Media and Communication Research, Helsinki, 16-19 August 2007
Democracy and media in Central and Eastern Europe 25 years on
Media, audiences, effects : an introduction to the study of media content and audience analysis
Cosmopolitanism and the media : cartographies of change
Approaching mass media education through communication research
The use of radio broadcasting for development in Africa with case studies on Namibia and Tanzania
COMMUNICATION GAPS AT SEASONAL RESTAURANT
Communications research in Asia
A handbook of media and communication research : qualitative and quantitative methodologies
Researching communications : a practical guide to methods in media and cultural analysis
Rethinking communication. Vol. 2, Paradigm exemplars
Doing media research : an introduction
Communication theories
AS media studies : the essential revision guide for AQA
Book, film, television : an international comparison of national self-sufficiency in three media
Door to Europe or outpost towards Russia? : political metaphors in Finnish EU-journalism
American communication research : the remembered history
Communication research institutes in Finland 1986.
The master switch : the rise and fall of information empires
Al-Jazeera : the inside story of the Arab news channel that is challenging the West
People, society and mass communications
Critical perspectives on communication research and pedagogy
Mass media research : an introduction
Chaos and the double function of communication?
Rethinking media literacy : a critical pedagogy of representation
Communication research measures : a sourcebook
Communication and Human Behavior offers students a broad introduction to the study of communication which is expansive yet integrated, that links theory to practice, and that is rigorous yet readable. Neither a watered-down treatment of the subject nor a how-to text, this new edition presumes that the study of communication in human affairs is a complex phenomenon with important and far-reaching effects. Employing a thorough description of a variety of approaches and using the cohering insights of systems theory, Communication and Human Behavior presents to students the broad and colorful landscape of the field, outlines the history of communication study, and focuses on communication as a basic life process.
Communication and human behavior
Organizational internal communication : case Tanssipaviljonki Tulenliekki
Mass communication research : on problems and policies : the art of asking the right questions : in honor of James D. Halloran
Freedom and responsibility : global village and the power of communication
Questioning the media : a critical introduction
Education and communication
Information and communication : a conceptual analysis
Media studies : ethnomethodological approaches
Finding McLuhan : the mind/the man/the message
The media student's book
This book traces the life of free speech in Russia from the final years of the Soviet Union to the present. It shows how long-cherished hopes for an open society in which people would speak freely and tell truth to power fared under Gorbachev's glasnost; how free speech was a real, if fractured, achievement of Yeltsin's years in power; and how easy it was for Putin to reverse these newly won freedoms, imposing a 'patrimonial' media that sits comfortably with old autocratic and feudal traditions. The book explores why this turn seemed so inexorable and now seems so entrenched. It examines the historical legacy, and Russia's culturally ambivalent perception of freedom, which Dostoyevsky called that 'terrible gift'. It evaluates the allure of western consumerism and Soviet-era illusions that stunted the initial promise of freedom and democracy. The behaviour of journalists and their apparent complicity in the distortion of their profession come under scrutiny. This ambitious study covering more than 30 years of radical change looks at responses 'from above' and 'from below', and asks whether the players truly understood what was involved in the practice of free speech.
Against the mainstream : the selected works of George Gerbner
Handbook of communication
Television regulation and media policy in China
Perspectives on public relations research
Communication training and development
Mass communication theories and research
The John Fiske Collection
Mapping Irish media : critical explorations
Political communication research : approaches, studies, assessments
Mass media : towards the millennium : the South African handbook of mass communication
Human cloning in the media : from science fiction to science practice
Developing marketing and communication : Case Tampere Chamber of Commerce and Industry
Journalism in change : journalistic culture in Poland, Russia and Sweden
Research in population communication
Journalism and the philosophy of truth : beyond objectivity and balance
NCOM : Bibliography of Nordic Mass Communication Literature 1991-1997 = Bibliografi over Nordisk massekommunikationslitteratur 1991-1997
Communication research : asking questions, finding answers
Qualitative communication research methods
Communication : theories and applications
Harold Innis
Communication contents : current contents of mass communication journals
Mass communication research methods. Vol. 1-4
Media and communication : readings in methodology, history and culture
Matching community needs with university R&D : Dutch science shops
The science of human communication : new directions and new findings in communication research
More than meets the eye : an introduction to media studies
Using communication theory : an introduction to planned communication
Defending democracy : Nordic and global diversities in media and journalism
The television news interview
The 19th Nordic Conference on Media and Communication Research : [body, soul, society]
Editing for today's newsroom : a guide for success in a changing profession
Comparative communication research
Mass communication and American social thought : key texts, 1919-1968
Technology, culture and communication : a report to the French minister of research and industry
Considered by most to be the founder of the field of communication studies, Wilbur Schramm could not be more qualified to write The Beginnings of Communication Study in America. This momentous new work acknowledges the seminal contributions of four inspirational scientists whose theories and methods were the foundation for the discipline called communication: Harold D. Lasswell, Paul F. Lazarsfeld, Kurt Lewin, and Carl I. Hovland. This final collection of Wilbur Schramm's perspective in its unfinished form, contains many of his personal insights on the field of communication. The editors have supplemented this volume posthumously by providing a chapter that completes the story of how communication study spread among U.S. Universities, and also contains an exceptional account of the story of Schramm himself, as the founder of communication, and the widespread agreement on his preeminence. The Beginnings of Communication Study in America will fulfill a great need for students, and researchers in mass communication, communication theory, and speech who are interested on the origins and history of communication study, and the significance of Wilbur Schramm's work.
Affective Methodologies reacts to a challenge: How to trace and understand the immaterial forces of affects as cultural researchers? Its aim is thus to contribute to the development of methodologies that enable cultural researchers and students to investigate affective processes empirically. It defines affective methods as innovative strategies for 1) asking research questions and formulating research agendas relating to affective processes, for 2) collecting or producing embodied data and for 3) making sense of this data in order to produce academic knowledge. It furthermore presents affective research using inventive experiments, embodied forms of fieldwork or innovative approaches to the reading for affects in texts and writing. It presents studies of nightclubs, YouTube memes, political provocations, heritage sites, education development, and haunting memories. In this way, the collection serves as an inspiration for all academics embarking on or developing empirical research strategies to understand affects' predominant role in cultural life.
Gender for sale : advertising design as technologies of gender
The media in Western Europe : the Euromedia handbook
16th Nordic Conference on Media and Communication Research : Kristiansand, 15-17 August 2003
Global entertainment media : a critical introduction
The media revolution in America and in Western Europe
Media and the Ukraine crisis : hybrid media practices and narratives of conflict
Student companion for Wood's communication theories in action : an introduction
Definition of environmental information in road planning : a case of the planning a fixed road connection in Turku Archipelago
