http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13841 Protestants
Protestants
Protestant women novelists and Irish society 1879-1922
Introducing world Christianity
"Over the last twenty years, incredible changes have taken place in the Presbyterian Church of Brazil. In 1959, on the occasion of its centennial celebrations, this church was acclaimed as the outstanding success story of Protestantism in Latin America; it was hailed for its vitality and for the role it seemed destined to play in the life of that nation. Today, after fifteen years of domination by a small group of reactionary leaders, it has been decimated. The word 'Presbyterian' now calls to mind the destructiveness of religious fanaticism and repression. In 'Protestantism and Repression' Rubem Alves wrestles with the questions, Why did all this happen? What is there in the structure and logic of what he calls 'Right-Doctrine Protestantism,' that leads to repression under certain historical conditions? His analysis is thorough; his insights, profound; his conclusions, astonishing. I urge you to read this book: whether you fear that our religious institutions are moving toward repression, or are convinced that it can't happen here." -- Richard Shaull, from the Foreword -- "An outstanding and internationally recognized Third World theologian, Rubem Alves has in 'Protestantism and Repression' moved from the devastating analysis of the consumer society articulated in 'A Theology of Human Hope' and 'Tomorrow's Child' to a partly autobiographical critique of the Presbyterian Church of Brazil, a church in which his roots are deeply imbedded. Alves rigorously documents the transformation of Presbyterianism in Brazil from a liberating force to a bulwark of oppression and repression; and he convincingly establishes as the cause of this deterioration what he calls 'the spirit of the Right-Doctrine Protestantism,' a socially conditioned neofundamentalism that arrogates to itself absolute knowledge and absolute power. As Richard Shaull stresses in an excellent and most informative Foreword, what has happened in Brazil could happen to North American Protestantism. But the lesson is not only for Protestants. The basic issues as defined by Alves are equally pertinent for Roman Catholics both in Latin America and in the Unites States." --Gary MacEoin
The faithful tribe : an intimate portrait of the loyal institutions
Irish Protestant Identities
Protestantism and Repression : A Brazilian Case Study
Girl on a bicycle
This book provides a new view of the historical conditions and methods by which godly communities turned personal experience into an authorizing principle. A broad range of life-writing is explored, including Augustine's Confessions, John Bunyan's Grace Abounding to the Chief of Sinners, and Richard Baxter's Reliquiae Baxterianae.
Popular protest in late medieval English towns
Dietrich Bonhoeffer : a biography
Agreeable agreement : an examination into the ecumenical quest for a solid consensus in light of bilateral doctrinal dialogues among Anglicans, Lutherans and Roman Catholics
Armenian Christianity today : identity politics and popular practice
The Huguenot population of France, 1600-1685 : the demographic fate and customs of a religious minority
Protestant autobiography in the seventeenth-century Anglophone world
Religion, politics and violence in nineteenth-century Belfast : the pound and Sandy Row
A great deal of scholarship has too often juxtaposed scholasticism and piety, resulting in misunderstandings of the relationship between Protestant churches of the early modern era and the theology taught in their schools. But more recent scholarship, especially conducted by Richard A. Muller over the last number of decades, has remapped the lines of continuity and discontinuity in the relation of church and school. This research has produced a more methodologically nuanced and historically accurate representation of church and school in early modern Protestantism. Written by leading scholars of early modern Protestant theology and history and based on research using the most relevant original sources, this collection seeks to broaden our understanding of how and why clergy were educated to serve the church. Contributors include: Yuzo Adhinarta, Willem van Asselt, Irena Backus, Jordan J. Ballor, J. Mark Beach, Andreas Beck, Joel R. Beeke, Lyle D. Bierma, Raymond A. Blacketer, James E. Bradley, Dariusz M. Bryćko, Amy Nelson Burnett, Emidio Campi, Heber Carlos de Campos Jr, Kiven Choy, R. Scott Clark, Paul Fields, John V. Fesko, Paul Fields, W. Robert Godfrey, Alan Gomes, Albert Gootjes, Chad Gunnoe, Aza Goudriaan, Fred P. Hall, Byung-Soo (Paul) Han, Nathan A. Jacobs, Frank A. James III, Martin Klauber, Henry Knapp, Robert Kolb, Mark J. Larson, Brian J. Lee, Karin Maag, Benjamin T.G. Mayes, Andrew M. McGinnis, Paul Mpindi, Adriaan C. Neele, Godfried Quaedtvlieg, Sebastian Rehnman, Todd Rester, Gregory D. Schuringa, Herman Selderhuis, Donald Sinnema, Keith Stanglin, David Steinmetz, David Sytsma, Yudha Thianto, John L. Thompson, Carl Trueman, Theodore G. Van Raalte, Cornelis Venema, Timothy Wengert, Reita Yazawa, Jeongmo Yoo, and Jason Zuidema.
American Protestants and TV in the 1950s : responses to a new medium
Making sense of the troubles
Redefining loyalism : a political perspective
"This book examines the social, political and religious relationships between Calvinists and Catholics during Holland's Golden Age. Although Holland, the largest province of the Dutch Republic, was officially Calvinist, its population was one of the most religiously heterogeneous in early modern Europe. The Catholic Church was officially disestablished in the 1570s, yet by the 1620s Catholicism underwent a revival, flourishing in a semi-clandestine private sphere. The book focuses on how Reformed Protestants dealt with this revived Catholicism, arguing that confessional coexistence between Calvinists and Catholics operated within a number of contiguous and overlapping social, political and cultural spaces. The result was a paradox: a society that was at once Calvinist and pluralist. Christine Kooi maps the daily interactions between people of different faiths and examines how religious boundaries were negotiated during an era of tumultuous religious change"--
And blue skies from pain : a book of the fey and the fallen
aWhile King Henry VIII lies on his deathbed, Queen Catherine Parr searches for the person who murdered the London printer who had her shocking, confessional memoir. – WorldCat.
Contested borderlands : formal and informal institutions as players
Denmark and the Crusades, 1400-1650
Calvinists and Catholics during Holland's golden age : heretics and idolaters
From the dark ages to the renaissance : 700-1599 AD
Simple ways to praise : for guitar : easy-to-play arrangements
The authors in this volume analyze spiritual kinship in Europe from the end of the Middle Ages to the Industrial Age. Uniquely comparing Catholic, Protestant and Orthodox views and practices, the chapters look at changes in theological thought over time as well as in social customs related to spiritual kinship, including godparenthood.
"In The Passing of Protestant England, S. J. D. Green offers an important new account of the causes, courses and consequences of the secularisation of English society. He argues that the critical cultural transformation of modern English society was forged in the agonised abandonment of a long-domesticated Protestant, Christian tradition between 1920 and 1960. Its effects were felt across the nation and amongst all classes. Yet their significance in the evolution of contemporary indigenous identities remains curiously neglected in most mainstream accounts of post-Victorian Britain. Dr Green traces the decline of English ecclesiastical institutions after 1918. He also investigates the eclipse of once-common moral sensibilities during the years up to 1945. Finally, he examines why subsequent efforts to reverse these trends so comprehensively failed. His work will be of enduring interest to modern historians, sociologists of religion, and all those concerned with the future of faith in Britain and beyond"--
Only the river runs free : a novel
The imperial horizons of British Protestant missions, 1880-1914
Identity, ideology and conflict : the structuration of politics in Northern Ireland
Jews and other Germans : civil society, religious diversity, and urban politics in Breslau, 1860-1925
Conquest and land in Ireland : the transplantation to Connacht, 1649-1680
Church and school in early modern Protestantism : studies in honor of Richard A. Muller on the maturation of a theological tradition
The Huguenots : history and memory in transnational context : essays in honour and memory of Walter C. Utt
Of blood and honey : a book of the fey and the fallen
Protestants, Catholics, and Jews in Germany, 1800-1914
The Protestant denominations in Colombia : a historical sketch with a particular study of the so called "religious persecution"
This volume takes up the problem of relations between the various Protestant churches and Jews, Judaism, and the State of Israel. Among the subjects discussed are: the attitudes of the Evangelical movement toward Jews and Israel; German Protestantism during World War II; mainstream Protestant churches and the question of Israeli policy; Mel Gibson's movie "The Passion of the Christ;" and the history of relations between Protestantism and Judaism and they developed since the Reformation up to the present day.
Being Protestant in Reformation Britain
Martyr
Protestantischer Kirchenbau der Frühen Neuzeit in Europa Protestant Church Architecture of the 16th-18th centuries in Europe : Grundlagen und neue Forschungskonzepte
Gerald L.K. Smith, minister of hate
Gospel according to the Klan : the KKK's appeal to Protestant America, 1915-1930
The Orange Order : a contemporary Northern Irish history
The German protestants' quest for national salvation
A two-volume work by Douglas Ottati, Theology for Liberal Protestants presents a comprehensive theology for Christians who are willing to rethink and revise traditional doctrines in face of contemporary challenges. It is Augustinian, claiming that we belong to the God of grace who creates, judges, and renews. It is Protestant, affirming the priority of the Bible and the fallibility of church teaching. It is liberal, recognizing the importance of critical arguments and scientific inquiries, a deeply historical consciousness, and a commitment to social criticism and engagement. This first volume contains sections on method and creation. Ottati's method envisions the world and ourselves in relation to God as Creator, Judge, and Redeemer. The bulk of the book offers an in-depth discussion of God as Creator, the world as creation, and humans as good, capable, and limited creatures.
Do the catholic and protestant countries differ by their tax morale?
Radical pastoral, 1381-1594 : appropriation and the writing of religious controversy
"Contrary to received opinion, revolts and popular protests in medieval English towns were as frequent and as sophisticated, if not more so, as those in the countryside. This groundbreaking study refocuses attention on the varied nature of popular movements in towns from Carlisle to Dover and from the London tax revolt of Longbeard in 1196 to Jack Cade's Rebellion in 1450, exploring the leadership, social composition, organisation and motives of popular protest. The book charts patterns of urban revolt in times of strong and weak kingship, contrasting them with the broad sweep of ecological and economic change that inspired revolts on the continent. Samuel Cohn demonstrates that the timing and character of popular revolt in England differed radically from revolts in Italy, France and Flanders. In addition, he analyses repression and waves of hate against Jews, foreigners and heretics, opening new vistas in the comparative history of late medieval Europe"--
Serving God by being neighbourly : Komi protestants and local community initiatives
"This is an engaging multidisciplinary introduction to the worldwide spread and impact of Christianity. Bringing together chapters from leading scholars in history, sociology, anthropology, and religious studies, this book examines the major transformations in contemporary societies brought about through the influence of Christianity. Each chapter shows how the broad themes within Christianity have been adopted and adapted by Christian demoninations within each major region of the world. So, the book paints a global picture of the impact of Christianity, enriched by detailed historic and ethnographic material for each particular region. Throughout, the chapters examine Protestant, Evangelical, Catholic and Orthodox forms of Christianity. However, the approach is non-theological, focusing on the impact of and response to Christianity, rather than questions of faith. The combination of broader perspectives and deep analysis of particular regions, illuminating the social, cultural, political, and religious features of changes brought about by Christianity, makes this book essential reading for students of world Christianity"--
The conflict of nationality in modern Ireland
Northern Ireland since 1968
IRELAND : a concise history : with 173 illustrations
Conceiving parenthood : American Protestantism and the spirit of reproduction
Theology for liberal Protestants : God the creator
The protestant ethic and the spirit of capitalism
Sacred treason
Loyalty and loss : the Reformed Church in America, 1945-1994
Making women martyrs in Tudor England
Our places - their spaces : urban territoriality in the Northern Irish conflict
Identity in Northern Ireland : communities, politics and change
Northern Protestants : an unsettled people
The 'Businessmen's Revival' was a religious revival that unfolded in the wake of the 1857 market crash among white, middle-class Protestants. Delving into the religious history of Boston in the 1850s, John Corrigan gives an imaginative and wide-ranging interpretive study of the revival's significance. He uses it as a focal point for addressing a spectacular range of phenomena in American culture: the ecclesiastical and business history of Boston; gender roles and family life; the history of the theater and public spectacle; education; boyculture; and, especially, ideas about emotion during this period. This vividly written narrative recovers the emotional experiences of individuals from a wide array of little-used sources including diaries, correspondence, public records, and other materials. From these sources, Corrigan discovers that for these Protestants, the expression of emotion was a matter of transactions. They saw emotion as a commodity, and conceptualized relations between people, and between individuals and God, as transactions of emotion governed by contract. Religion became a business relation with God, with prayer as its legal tender. Entering this relationship, they were conducting the 'business of the heart'. This innovative study shows that the revival - with its commodification of emotional experience - became an occasion for white Protestants to underscore differences between themselves and others. The display of emotion was a primary indicator of membership in the Protestant majority, as much as language, skin color, or dress style. As Corrigan unravels the significance of these culturally constructed standards for emotional life, his book makes an important contribution to recent efforts to explore the links between religion and emotion, and is an important new chapter in the history of religion.
History and ethnicity
Tara Hamling examines decorative features from historic houses throughout England and Scotland and identifies a significant but overlooked trend in the history of British art. She reveals a widespread fashion for large-scale religious imagery in houses owned by the gentry and prosperous middle classes during the period 1560-1660 which is interpreted in relation to life in the 'godly' household. The book is copiously illustrated with narrative imagery in wall painting, plasterwork, carved wood and stone and a range of objects including furniture, textiles and ceramics. The character of this 'decorative' art is explored in relation to the functions of rooms in the early modern domestic interior with a focus on how religious imagery might inform and support spiritual activities taking place within the home. The visual evidence throughout the book is supported by extracts from contemporary texts to elucidate the meanings of imagery for its original audience.
Religion and revolution in France, 1780-1804
The lost language of symbolism : the origins of symbols, mythologies & folklore. Vol 1
Mary, Queen of Scots
Divided city
Christmas source : a comprehensive seasonal collection
A new anatomy of Ireland : the Irish Protestants, 1649-1770
The pulpit and the press in Reformation Italy
Whitebread Protestants : food and religion in American culture
Evangelical Christianity and democracy in Africa
Business of the heart : religion and emotion in the nineteenth century
Unionists, loyalists, and conflict transformation in Northern Ireland
Families and faith : how religion is passed down across generations
Policing the narrow ground : lessons from the transformation of policing in Northern Ireland
Decorating the 'godly' household : religious art in post-reformation Britain
Mid-17th-century Ireland experienced a revolution in landholding. This title presents a reassessment of one of the most devastating episodes in Irish history.
101 three-chord hymns and gospel songs for guitar, banjo, and uke
Offering a meticulously researched yet also deeply personal history of the Reformed Church in America throughout much of the twentieth century, Lynn Japinga's Loyalty and Loss will be of intense interest to the members of the RCA, reminding them of where they have come from, of the bonds that have held them together, and of the many conflicts and challenges that they have together faced and ultimately surmounted. For those outside the RCA the questions of identity raised by this book will often sound very familiar, especially, perhaps, in its account of the church's struggle throughout recent decades to reconcile the persistently ecumenical spirit of many of its members with the desire of others within the denomination to preserve a real or imagined conservative exclusivity. Others may find the conflicts within the RCA reflective of their own experiences, especially as they relate to such issues as denominational mergers, abortion, the Viet Nam war, and women's ordination.
Ashes of remembrance : a novel
Spiritual kinship in Europe, 1500-1900
The roots of betrayal
Wandering souls : Protestant migrations in America, 1630-1865
Arming the Protestants : the formation of the Ulster Special Constabulary and the Royal Ulster Constabulary, 1920-7
Protestants in Communist East Germany : in the storm of the world
The Protestant-Jewish conundrum
Holy spy
The origins of the modern Chinese press : the influence of the Protestant missionary press in late Qing China
The red hand : Protestant paramilitaries in Northern Ireland
Catholics and protestants : agricultural modernization in two German villages
Conserving or changing? : the theology and politics of Norhtern Irish fundamentalist and evangelical protestants after the good friday agreement
Prelude to restoration in Ireland : the end of the Commonwealth, 1659-60
Christians in Egypt : Orthodox, Catholic, and Protestant communities, past and present
From the Dark Ages to the Renaissance : 700-1599AD
The passing of Protestant England : secularisation and social change, c.1920-1960
The old enemies : Catholic and Protestant in nineteenth-century English culture
Christianity and the state in Asia : complicity and conflict
Pluralist, purified or private : protestant identification and political change in Northern Ireland
