http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13805 music psychology
music psychology
Critique of pure music
Healing at the speed of sound : how what we hear transforms our brains and our lives
Advances in social-psychology and music education research
The mastery of music : ten pathways to true artistry
Psychomusicology
Connectionist models of musical thinking
With a song in my psyche : on the psychology of singing and teaching singing
Notes from the green room : coping with stress and anxiety in musical performance
Psychomusicology : a new theory of music
Empirical studies of music aesthetics
The art of mindful singing : notes on finding your voice
Music and the cognitive sciences
Modelling musical cognition with artificial neural networks
Music therapy within multi-disciplinary teams : proceedings of the 3rd European Music Therapy Conference Aalborg June 1995
Music and its secret influence throughout the ages
Musical imagery
Embodiment of musical creativity : the cognitive and performative causality of musical composition
Leadership in symphony orchestras : discursive and aesthetic practices
Music cognition
Tests and measurements in music
This is your brain on music : the science of a human obsession
Through music to the self : how to appreciate and experience music anew
This study investigates the idea and practice of liveness in modern music. Understanding what makes music live in an ever-changing musical and technological terrain is one of the more complex and timely challenges facing scholars of current music, where liveness is typically understood to represent performance and to stand in opposition to recording, amplification, and other methods of electronically mediating music. The book argues that liveness itself emerges from dynamic tensions inherent in mediated musical contexts - tensions between music as an acoustic human utterance, and musical sound as something produced or altered by machines. Sanden analyzes liveness in mediatized music (music for which electronic mediation plays an intrinsically defining role), exploring the role this concept plays in defining musical meaning. In discussions of music from both popular and classical traditions, Sanden demonstrates how liveness is performed by acts of human expression in productive tension with the electronic machines involved in making this music, whether on stage or on recording. Liveness is not a fixed ontological state that exists in the absence of electronic mediation, but rather a dynamically performed assertion of human presence within a technological network of communication. This book provides new insights into how the ideas of performance and liveness continue to permeate the perception and reception of even highly mediatized music within a society so deeply invested, on every level, with the use of electronic technologies.
Despite their central role in many forms of music-making, drummers have been largely neglected in the scholarly literature on music and education. But kit drummers are increasingly difficult to ignore. While exponents of the drum kit are frequently mocked in popular culture, they are also widely acknowledged to be central to the musical success and aesthetic appeal of any musical ensemble in which they are found. Drummers are also making their presence felt in music education, with increasing opportunities to learn their craft in formal contexts. Drawing on data collected from in-depth interviews and questionnaires, Gareth Dylan Smith explores the identities, practices and learning of teenage and adult kit drummers in and around London. As a London-based drummer and teacher of drummers, Smith uses his own identity as participant-researcher to inform and interpret other drummers' accounts of their experiences. Drummers learn in multi-modal ways, usually with a keen awareness of exemplars of their art and craft. The world of kit drumming is highly masculine, which presents opportunities and challenges to drummers of both sexes. Smith proposes a new model of the 'Snowball Self', which incorporates the constructs of identity realization, learning realization, meta-identities and contextual identities. Kit drummers' identities, practices and learning are found to be intertwined, as drummers exist in a web of interdependence. Drummers drum; therefore they are, they do, and they learn - in a rich tapestry of means and contexts.
How to become conscious singer
Art in motion : Motor skills, motivation, and musical practice
Beethoven's anvil : music in mind and culture
Coughing and clapping : investigating audience experience
Where fatherlessness meets music therapy : "the importance of therapist & the uniqueness of music"
The little book of music for the classroom : using music to improve memory, motivation, learning and creativity
Musical creativity : multidisciplinary research in theory and practice
The psychology of music
Auditory demonstrations
Our sense that a waltz is "in three" or a blues song is "in four with a shuffle" comes from our sense of musical meter. Hearing in Time explores the metric aspect of our musical experience from a psychological point of view. Musical meter is taken as a musically-specific instance entrainment, that is, our more general ability to synchronize our actions to the rhythms around us. As such, musical meter is subject to a number of fundamental perceptual and cognitive constraints. These constraints are the cornerstones of Hearing in Time's account of musical meter. Hearing in Time also takes into account the fact that listening to music, like many other rhythmic activities, is something that we do a lot. It also approaches musical meter in the context of music as it is actually performed, with nuances of timing and dynamics, rather than as a theoretical ideal. Hearing in Time's approach to meter is not based on any particular musical style or cultural practice, and so it discusses musical examples from a wide range of musical styles and cultures--from Beethoven and Bach to Brubeck and Ghanaian (Ewe) drumming. In taking this broad approach a number of fundamental similarities between a variety of different metric phenomena--such as the difference between so-called simple versus complex or additive meters--become apparent. Hearing in Time is written for musicians, musicologists, music theorists and psychologists who are interested in rhythm and meter. Only a modest ability read a musical score is presumed, and most musical examples are taken from familiar popular and classical repertory.
The effect of prior information on musical preference rating : how our musical preference is shaped by prior information in an online environment
A gestalt theory of musical perception
Liveness in modern music : musicians, technology, and the perception of performance
A comprehensive survey of the latest neuroscientific research into the effects of music on the brain * Covers a variety of topics fundamental for music perception, including musical syntax, musical semantics, music and action, music and emotion* Includes general introductory chapters to engage a broad readership, as well as a wealth of detailed research material for experts* Offers the most empirical (and most systematic) work on the topics of neural correlates of musical syntax and musical semantics* Integrates research from different domains (such as music, language, action and emotion both theoretically and empirically, to create a comprehensive theory of music psychology.
Haunted weather : music, silence and memory
In their own words : songwriters talk about the creative process
How music helps in music therapy and everyday life
Waiting for the sun : Strange days, weird scenes and the sound of Los Angeles
Psychological foundations of musical behavior
Building on the insights of the first volume on Music and Gesture (Gritten & King 2006), the rationale for this sequel volume is twofold: first, to clarify the way in which the subject is continuing to take shape by highlighting both central and developing trends, as well as popular and less frequent areas of investigation; second, to provide alternative and complementary insights into the particular areas of the subject articulated in the first volume. The thirteen chapters are structured in a broad narrative trajectory moving from theory to practice, embracing Western and non-Western practices, real and virtual gestures, live and recorded performances, physical and acoustic gestures, visual and auditory perception, among other themes of topical interest. The main areas of enquiry include psychobiology; perception and cognition; philosophy and semiotics; conducting; and, ensemble work and solo piano playing. The volume is intended to promote and stimulate further research in "Musical Gesture Studies".
Psychology of music
The Psychology of Music in Multimedia presents a wide range of scientific research on the psychological processes involved in the integration of sound and image when engaging with film, television, video, interactive games, and computer interfaces.
The secret power of music
Music and psychology : from Vienna to London, 1939-52
Psychomusicology : music, mind & brain
Applied musicology : using zygonic theory to inform music education, therapy, and psychology research
Music, language, and the brain
Why music moves us
Teaching music with promise : conducting, rehearsing and inspiring
The psychology of music in multimedia
Lifelong engagement with music : benefits for mental health and well-being
The inner game of music : overcome obstacles, improve concentration and reduce nervousness to reach a new level of musical performance
Music as mood regulation in adolescence
Music and altered states : consciousness, transcendence, therapy and addiction
Embodied music cognition and mediation technology
Singing, background music and music-events in the communication between persons with dementia and their caregivers
You bring out the music in me : music in nursing homes
Guitar zero : the science of learning to be musical
Listening awry : music and alterity in German culture
Introduction to the psychology of music
The Mozart effect for children : awakening your child's mind, health, and creativity with music
Music and familiarity : listening, musicology and performance
"Music and development - challenges for music education" : the proceedings of the First European Conference on Developmental Psychology of Music : 17-19 November 2005, University of Jyväskylä, Department of Music, Finland
Brain and music
Information about our experience in music-education and practical psychology for musicians, music-teachers and their students
The individualized music therapy assessment profile : IMTAP
Music and consciousness : philosophical, psychological, and cultural perspectives
"The book is a collection of Bamberger's papers from 1970 to 2010."
A history of key characteristics  in the eighteenth and early nineteenth centuries
How do we develop musical creativity? How is musical creativity nurtured in collaborative improvisation? How is it used as a communicative tool in music therapy? This comprehensive volume offers new research on these questions by an international team of experts from the fields of music education, music psychology and music therapy. The book celebrates the rich diversity of ways in which learners of all ages develop and use musical creativity. Contributions focus broadly on the composition/improvisation process, considering its conceptualization and practices in a number of contexts. The authors examine how musical creativity can be fostered in formal settings, drawing examples from primary and secondary schools, studio, conservatoire and university settings, as well as specialist music schools and music therapy sessions. These essays will inspire readers to think deeply about musical creativity and its development. The book will be of crucial interest to music educators, policy makers, researchers and students, as it draws on applied research from across the globe, promoting coherent and symbiotic links between education, music and psychology research.
Mapping music : for faster learning and secure memory : a guide for piano teachers and students
The act of musical composition : studies in the creative process
Hearing in time : psychological aspects of musical meter
Psychological foundations of musical education
Philosophy of new music
Musical structure and cognition
Invitation to the world of silence, sounds and sharing : the 'hard to reach' patient
Voice leading : the science behind the musical art
How music works
Music and mind in everyday life
The iconoclast's guide to music : unraveling the mindest of a music snob in 50 digestible chunks
Performance Psychology : Perception, Action, Cognition, and Emotion
Heroes & heroines of clarinettistry : a selection of writings
The dynamics of musical expectancy : cross-cultural and statistical approaches to melodic expectations
Tonal and rhythm patterns, an objective analysis : a taxonomy of tonal patterns and rhythm patterns and seminal experimental evidence of their difficulty and growth rate
Sound - perception - performance
The psychology of musical ability
Summary.
Discovering the musical mind : a view of creativity as learning
Philosophy of modern music
Music and soulmaking : toward a new theory of music therapy
The music between us : is music a universal language?
Noise : a human history of sound and listening
Music, science, and the rhythmic brain : cultural and clinical implications
Emotions represented and induced by music : the role of individual differences
Although research in music psychology, education, and therapy has expanded exponentially in the twenty-first century, there is something of a 'black hole' around which much of the discourse circles: music itself. While writers have largely been occupied with what people think about musical engagement, the little musical analysis that exists has tended to be at a low level compared to the sophisticated non-musical exploration that is present. This highlights the tenuous connection between musical enquiry in the context of the humanities and that occurring within the social sciences, the one exception being the partial intersection of music theory and psychology. Here, however, progress has largely been in one direction, with something of the objectivity that characterizes psychological research reading across to music analysis, and taking the form of what has been called 'empirical musicology'.
Seiner Leidenschaften Meister sein : zur Reflexion des Gefühls im Musikdenken = In control of the passions : emotion as reflected in musical thinking
BodyMusicEvent : proceedings from the International Musicological Conference Wrocław (Poland), 30-31 May 2008
Music makes a difference : the effect of Kodály's musical training on the psychological development of elementary school children
To a young jazz musician : letters from the road
Music and emotion : theory and research
Counter transference in music therapy : a phenomenological study on counter transference used as a clinical concept by music therapists working with musical improvisation in adult psychiatry
Musical creativities in practice
Art in motion : musical & athletic motor learning & performance
Acoustic, neural, and perceptual correlates of polyphonic timbre
1000 songs to change your life
The musical experience of the pre-school child
Music perception
The power of sound
Freud's lost chord : discovering jazz in the resonant psyche
Musical development : or, remarks on the spirit of the principal music forms
The art of singing : discovering and developing your true voice
Why do we value music? Many people report that listening to music is one of life's most rewarding activities. In Critique of pure music, James O. Young seeks to explain why this is so. Formalists tell us that music is appreciated as pure, contentless form. On this view, listeners receive pleasure, or a pleasurable 'musical' emotion, when they explore the abstract patterns found in music. Music, formalists believe, does not arouse ordinary emotions such as joy, melancholy or fear, nor can it represent emotion or provide psychological insight. Young holds that formalists are wrong on all counts. Drawing upon the latest psychological research, he argues that music is expressive of emotion by resembling human expressive behaviour. By resembling human expressive behaviour, music is able to arouse ordinary emotions in listeners. This, in turn, makes possible the representation of emotion by music. The representation of emotion in music gives music the capacity to provide psychological insight-into the emotional lives of composers, and the emotional lives of individuals from a variety of times and places. And it is this capacity of music to provide psychological insight which explains a good deal of the value of music, both vocal and purely instrumental. Without it, music could not be experienced as profound. Philosophers, psychologists, musicians, musicologists, and music lovers will all find something of interest in this book.
Musical imaginations : multidisciplinary perspectives on creativity, performance, and perception
Musical creativity : insights from music education research
The musician's guide to perception and cognition
Guitar zero : the new musician and the science of learning
New perspectives on music and gesture
Nonlinearities and synchronization in musical acoustics and music psychology
Of Mozart, parrots and cherry blossoms in the wind : a composer explores mysteries of the musical mind
The perception of pure and tempered musical intervals
Why you love music : from Mozart to Metallica : the emotional power of beautiful sounds
The art of practicing : a guide to making music from the heart
Listening to music
Relation of psychology to music
Music and child development
Music emotion recognition
Every song ever : twenty ways to listen to music now
Handbook of music and emotion : theory, research, applications
Advanced musical performance : investigations in higher education learning
This will end in tears : the miserabilist guide to music
Experimental research in the psychology of music. 8
Embodied knowledge in ensemble performance
Familiarity underpins our engagement with music. This book highlights theoretical and empirical considerations about familiarity from three perspectives: listening, musicology and performance. Part I, 'Listening', addresses familiarity as it relates to listeners' behaviour and responses to music, specifically in regulating our choice and exposure to music on a daily basis; how we get to know music through regular listening; how comfortable we feel in a Western concert environment; and music's efficacy as a pain-reliever. Part II, 'Musicology' exposes the notion of familiarity from varied stances, including appreciation of music in our own and other cultures through ethnomusicology; exploration of the perception of sounds via music analysis; philosophical reflection on the efficiency of communication in musicology; evaluation of the impact of researchers' musical experiences on their work; and the influence of familiarity in music education. Part III, 'Performance', focuses on the effects of familiarity in relation to different aspects of Western art and popular performance, including learning and memorizing music; examination of 'groove' in popular performance; exploration of the role of familiarity in shaping socio-emotional behaviour between members of an ensemble; and consideration about the effects of the unique type of familiarity gained by musicians through the act of performance itself.
I drum, therefore I am : being and becoming a drummer
It's not only rock 'n' roll : iconic musicians reveal the source of their creativity
Audible traces : gender, identity, and music
The music instinct : how music works and why we can't do without it
Alfred Hitchcock's Psycho : a casebook
