http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13849 God
God
Gardens of the moon
The inspirational atheist : wise words on the wonder and meaning of life
On heaven and Earth : Pope Francis on faith, family, and the church in the twenty-first century
The vow : the true events that inspired the movie
Theology : the basic readings
God and revelation in African context
In the beginning is the icon : a liberative theology of images, visual arts, and culture
Divine commands and morality
The Gods of H.P. Lovecraft: a brand new anthology that collects the twelve principal deities of the Lovecraftian Mythos and sets them loose within its pages. Featuring the biggest names in horror and dark fantasy, including many New York Times bestsellers, full of original fiction and artwork, and individual commentary on each of the deities by Donald Tyson. Lovecraft's bestiary of gods has had a major influence on the horror scene from the time these sacred names were first evoked. Cthulhu, Azathoth, Nyarlathotep, Yog-Sothoth--this pantheon of the horrific calls to mind the very worst of cosmic nightmares and the very darkest signs of human nature. The Gods of H.P. Lovecraft brings together twelve all-new Mythos tales from:Cthulhu (Adam Nevill)Yog-Sothoth (Martha Wells)Azathoth (Laird Barron)Nyarlathotep (Bentley Little)Shub-Niggurath (David Liss)Tsathoggua (Brett Talley)The Mi-Go (Christopher Golden & James A. Moore)Night-gaunts (Jonathan Maberry)Elder Things (Joe Lansdale)Great Race (Rachel Caine)Yig (Douglas Wynne)The Deep Ones (Seanan McGuire)
Scientific perspectives on divine action. Vol. 2, Chaos and complexity : scientific perspectives on divine action
The living God
Descartes and Spinoza on the love of God
Divine presence in the Eucharistic theology of Nicholas Cabasilas
The work of love : creation as kenosis
God and the processes of reality : foundations of a credible theism
Misunderstandings about what it means for humans to be created in God's image have wreaked devastation throughout history — for example, slavery in the U. S., genocide in Nazi Germany, and the demeaning of women everywhere. In Dignity and Destiny John Kilner explores what the Bible itself teaches about humanity being in God's image. He discusses in detail all of the biblical references to the image of God, interacts extensively with other work on the topic, and documents how misunderstandings of it have been so problematic. People made according to God's image, Kilner says, have a special connection with God and are intended to be a meaningful reflection of him. Because of sin, they don't actually reflect him very well, but Kilner shows why the popular idea that sin has damaged the image of God is mistaken. He also clarifies the biblical difference between being God's image (which Christ is) and being in God's image (which humans are). He explains how humanity's creation and renewal in God's image are central, respectively, to human dignity and destiny. Locating Christ at the center of what God's image means, Kilner charts a constructive way forward and reflects on the tremendously liberating impact that a sound understanding of the image of God can have in the world today.
Can Christian belief in God, a contemporary scientific approach to human life, and human experience all be held together? Yes, says Jan-Olav Henriksen, who in this book shows how such a synthesis can be realized.Taking both knowledge of evolution and belief in God as Creator into account, Henriksen's Life, Love, and Hope articulates a vision for understanding the relationship between God and human experience in contemporary terms. Henriksen maintains that evolutionary theory does not account for all that can and must be said about human life and experience. Conversely, he also argues that any belief in God as Creator can be informed and deepened by knowledge of evolution.This thoughtful, nuanced book develops a comprehensive vision that will appeal to anyone who ponders the relationship between God and science. -- Review: Niels Henrik Gregersen-- University of Copenhagen In this major work Henriksen shows how life-orienting experiences of God relate to the big cosmic canvas as well as to the small things of life. He engages science and theology in a sense-making way that is remarkably wide-ranging and up-to-date. "
The pulse of creation : God and the transformation of the world
The prize in the game
Bonehunters : a tale of the Malazan book of the fallen
Gods and warriors
Absolute value : a study in Christian theism
Yahweh fighting from heaven : God as warrior and as God of heaven in the Hebrew psalter and ancient Near Eastern iconography
Cosmic liturgy : the universe according to Maximus the Confessor
The Staff of Serapis : Percy Jackson & Kane Chronicles crossover
Detailed Contents; Lecture 1. The Problem of Evil and the Argument from Evil; Lecture 2. The Idea of God; Lecture 3. Philosophical Failure; Lecture 4. The Global Argument from Evil; Lecture 5. The Global Argument Continued; Lecture 6. The Local Argument from Evil; Lecture 7. The Sufferings of Beasts; Lecture 8. The Hiddenness of God; Notes; Works Cited; Index.
Mortal heart
The companions
God, experience and mystery
Worship in the early church : an anthology of historical sources. Vol. 1
On free choice of the will
Paul and the faithfulness of God. Book 2, Parts 3 and 4
History and the Gods : an essay on the idea of historical events as divine manifestation in the Ancient Near East and in Israel
The power of God
The burning shadow
The creative suffering of God
Grave Mercy
Time and sacramentality in Gregory of Nyssa's Contra Eunomium
History and the Gods : an essay on the idea of historical events as divine manifestations in the ancient Near East and Israel
The divine attributes
These three are one : the practise of trinitarian theology
The Christian concept of 'God' names a category with surprisingly heterogeneous contents. In the Old Testament traditions God is an anthropomorphic agent; in Christian theology God often appears as a personalized metaphysical principle; philosophers of religion try to find the inherent rationality of this concept; finally, some natural scientists regard God as the "intelligent designer" of the world. What is common to all these ideas, covering a time span of about 2,500 years, is that representations of God are triggered by the perception of order and control in the world.
God reinvented? : a theological search in texts and tables
Viking warrior rising
Unclean spirits
The Image of God is the centerpiece of the Bible's teaching about what it means to be truly human. This book discusses fourteen aspects of the Image of God, what it has meant in history, and its implications for today. By exploring the story of the creation in Genesis, this book details what the Bible says about human purpose and abilities, the effects of sin on humanity, the impact of redemption, and the restoration of humanity's original calling in Christ. Questions offered at the end of each chapter make The Image of God ideal for personal or group study. --Publisher's description.
Global philosophy of religion : a short introduction
On the absence and unknowability of God : Heidegger and the Areopagite
Passion and paradise : human and divine emotion in the thought of Gregory of Nyssa
Life, love, and hope : God and human experience
The vast amount of suffering in the world is often held as a particularly powerful reason to deny that God exists. Highly accessible and carefully argued, Peter van Inwagen's book maintains that such reasoning does not hold, and that suffering should not undermine belief in God. - ;It is generally supposed that the fact that the world contains a vast amount of suffering, much of it truly horrible suffering, confronts those who believe in an all-powerful and benevolent Creator with a serious problem: to explain why such a Creator would permit this. Many reflective people are convinced that the problem, the problem of evil, is insoluble. The reasons that underlie this conviction can be formulated as a powerful argument for the non-existence of God, the so-called argument from evil: If there were a God, he would not permit the existence of vast amounts of truly horrible suffering; since such suffering exists, there is no God. Peter van Inwagen examines this argument, which he regards as a paradigmatically philosophical argument. His conclusion is that (like most philosophical arguments) it is a failure. He seeks to demonstrate, not that God exists, but the fact that the world contains a vast amount of suffering does not show that God does not exist.
Paul and the faithfulness of God. Book 1, Parts 1 and 2
The possibility of an all-knowing God
The younger gods
Visions of God and ideas on deification in patristic thought
Acheron
Dust of dreams
Aslan in the Chronicles of Narnia as a representative of the Judeo-Christian God
African peoples, alongside other peoples of all generations with good genuine religions have had a sound saving knowledge of the One, True God before Christianity was introduced to them. This is so because the Divine Spirit responsible for this inspiration is not restricted to Christianity. Rather, it is incarnated in every sound and good religion in all the ages of humankind. The main conclusion of my Doctoral Thesis as summed up above has already raised healthy debate in various circles in Kenya and elsewhere. It is hoped that this book will be accessible to more readers than the original Thesis, and that it will raise vigorous discussions on this and related themes. -- “This book is a challenge to all those involved in mission and dialogue in Africa. They are cautioned to avoid the temptation to demand of prospective African converts to abandon their religious heritage as a prerequisite for admission to the Church of Christ. Rather, prospective converts to the Christian faith should be encouraged to digest the Gospel in accordance with their own understanding within their respective cultures. Only through this process can the Gospel become internalized cross-culturally.” Prof. Frans Wijsen, Radboud University, Netherlands. -- “This book imposes on the reader an argument so forcefully articulated that it I difficult to refute. Anyone involve in Christian missionary activity in Africa would be wise to take the book very seriously.” Prof. J.N.K Mugambi, University of Nairobi, Kenya
Philosophy of Benedict de Spinoza
The strange maid
The elder gods
Devil may cry
Thinking the divine in interreligious encounter
The divine lawmaker : lectures on induction, laws of nature, and the existence of God
Questions of truth : fifty-one responses to questions about God, science, and belief
God and contemporary science
God's wrong is most of all : divine capacity per necessitatem Christianus
God for the 21st century
The quest for the Trinity : the doctrine of God in scripture, history, and modernity
Dignity and destiny : humanity in the image of God
Theology and intelligibility
Grimoire of the lamb
The god Ptah
Meditations from Conversations with God
Two ravens and one crow
The wicked + the divine. Vol. 2, Fandemonium
36 arguments for the existence of God : a work of fiction
The experience of God : icons of the mystery
Anatheism : returning to God after God
The Godborn
When We're Up Against It : Real Life Examples
The Purpose driven life : what an earth am I here for?
The mark of Athena
Amor Dei : a study of the religion of St. Augustine : the Hulsean lectures for 1938
Sophia, the wisdom of God : an outline of sophiology
The misunderstood God : the lies religion tells us about God
The treasured one
The presence and absence of God : Claremont studies in the philosophy of religion, conference 2008
Reaper's gale
The image of God
Why there almost certainly is a God : Doubting Dawkins
God : a guide for the perplexed
Naming God today
Worship in the Early Church is a collection of excerpts from early Christian writings illustrating the Church's liturgical practice in both East and West, from its Jewish beginnings through the end of the sixth century.
God, foreknowledge, and freedom
Translating idioms : a case study on Donna Tartt's The Secret History and its Finnish translation
City of stairs : a novel
Toll the hounds
The philosopher kings : a novel
On the Holy Spirit
God's message to the world : you've got me all wrong
Of God who comes to mind
Our knowledge of God
Is God happy? : selected essays
The nature of God : an inquiry into divine attributes
Starcrossed
Tetragrammaton : western Christians and the Hebrew name of God : from the beginning to the seventeenth centuries
God as otherwise than being : toward a semantics of the gift
Dream warrior
An Egyptian pantheon
Finding and seeking
The promises of God : the background of Paul's exclusive use of epangelia for the divine pledge
A demonstration of the being and attributes of God and other writings
Does God have a nature?
God hidden and revealed : the interpretation of Luther's deus absconditus and its significance for religious thought
Conversation. 1
Legal revision and religious renewal in ancient Israel
God and timelessness
The polarity of dynamics and form : the basic tension in Paul Tillich's thinking
The staff of Serapis
Kazantzakis and God
The trouble with goats and sheep
The lost hero
Creative Mind
Angels : ringing assurance that we are not alone
The gods of HP Lovecraft
The God of Jesus Christ : meditations on God in the Trinity
God and international relations : Christian theology and world politics
Language for God in patristic tradition : wrestling with biblical anthropomorphism
Is God real?
Ontology
Deus caritas est : Acts of the World Conference on Charity
God reflected : metaphors for life
God of the living : a biblical theology
The son of Neptune
After examining Jewish writings and Greek literature of the classical and Hellenistic periods, this study reveals that Paul is unique in his exlusive use of the word group for the divine pledge, which finds its antecedent in the Abrahamic covenantal promises. It is then argued that Paul's choice of words is driven by its conceptual and linguistic correspondence with the term that forms the core of his ministry.
Deadhouse gates
World of warcraft : chronicle. Volume 1
In the beginning was the Spirit : science, religion, and indigenous spirituality
Icons and the name of God
The Christian Reception of the Hebrew name of God has not previously been described in such detail and over such an extended period. This work places that varied reception within the context of early Jewish and Christian texts; Patristic Studies; Jewish-Christian relationships; Mediaeval thought; the Renaissance and Reformation; the History of Printing; and the development of Christian Hebraism. The contribution of notions of the Tetragrammaton to orthodox doctrines and debates is exposed, as is the contribution its study made to non-orthodox imaginative constructs and theologies. Gnostic, Kabbalistic, Hermetic and magical texts are given equally detailed consideration. There emerge from this sustained and detailed examination several recurring themes concerning the difficulty of naming God, his being and his providence.
God and being : an enquiry
An intelligent person's guide to atheism
God without being : hors-texte
Beyond design -- Darwin's dangerous idea -- Theology since Darwin -- Darwin's gift to theology -- Religion, evolution, and information -- A god for evolution -- Evolution, tragedy, and cosmic purpose -- Religion, ethics, and evolution -- Evolution, ecology, and the promise of nature -- Cosmic evolution and divine action -- Darwin and God after Dover -- Conclusion.
Reading the Muslim mind
Breaking the spell : religion as a natural phenomenon
The blood of Olympus
The origin of our belief in God
The God delusion
From morality to metaphysics : the theistic implications of our ethical commitments
Creation and the sovereignty of God
Culture and the death of God
The future of God : a practical approach to spirituality for our times
Yahweh : the divine name in the Bible
The God of Jesus Christ : meditations on the Triune God
The Routledge dictionary of Egyptian gods and goddesses
The God we never knew : beyond dogmatic religion to a more authentic contemporary faith
Worship in the early church : an anthology of historical sources. Vol. 3
Beyond the wall of time
Leibniz on God and religion : a reader
God after Darwin : a theology of evolution
Worship in the early church : an anthology of historical sources. Vol. 4
Worship in the early church : an anthology of historical sources. Vol. 2
De natura rerum : scripta in honorem professoris Olli Koistinen sexagesimum annum complentis
Between God and Satan
She changes everything : seeking the divine on a feminist path
The many faces of evil : theological systems and the problems of evil
On God and Christ : the five theological orations and two letters to Cledonius
God and nature : Spinoza's metaphysics : papers presented at the First Jerusalem Conference (Ethica I)
Do we worship the same God? : Jews, Christians, and Muslims in dialogue
The lost sun
Self and salvation : being transformed
God? : a philosophical preface to faith
Midnight tides : a tale of the Malazan book of the fallen
Who is Allah?
Ontological arguments and belief in God
The incomparability of Yahweh in the Old Testament
The vengeance of God : the meaning of the root NQM and the function of the NQM-texts in the context of divine revelation in the Old Testament
Magnus Chase and the sword of summer
Soul revolution : how imperfect people become all God intended
The theological imagination : constructing the concept of God
The metaphysics of perfect beings
The Lighthouse
Time and eternity
God : a brief history with a cognitive explanation of the concept
God and the universe
Truth and the reality of God : an essay in natural theology
Process theology : an introductory exposition
Alexander l. Abecinba argues that Gregory of Nyssa's dispute with Eunomius of Cyzicus in Contra Eunomium gave birth to a sacramental view of time. "In Chapter 1, Time and Ontology, I show that Gregory sees temporal extension ... as a fundamental property that distinguishes the creature from the Creator. Further, Nyssen conceives of creaturely temporality in a two-fold manner: temporality that applies to sensible creation and a higher temporality that applies to intelligible creation. For Gregory, time not only acts to veil the Creator from the creature. Through a participatory ascent from sensible to intelligible temporality, time also acts as the very means of creaturely communion with God. The veiling and unveiling function of time gives rise to its sacramental character. Chapter 2, Time, Language and Thought, extends the findings of Chapter 1. I argue that, for Nyssen, words pertain to sensible temporality while thought pertains to intelligible temporality. Words and thought, being temporally diastematic in character, veil the Creator from the creature. Nevertheless, for Gregory, the ascent of sensible to intelligible temporality is mirrored in an ascent from the spoken words to silent thought that also unveils the Creator to the creature. Thus, words and thought possess a sacramental character insofar as they are caught up the ascent of sacramental time into union with God. Chapter 3, Time and Christology, discusses topics such as the divine economy, the divine and human nature of Christ, and the kenosis and deification of Christ. I argue that Nyssen sees the Incarnation as the Sacrament, par excellence, of humanity's salvation. In this event the Son's divine nature is veiled in flesh, yet is visible in that same flesh to those who have "clear vision." This unique event in history, in which the human nature of the Son is properly deified, provides the basis for creaturely temporal ascent into the life of God. Creaturely temporal existence is sacramental, inasmuch as it shares in the unique Christological Sacrament by analogy. In the Epilogue I allow the findings of Chapters 1 to 3 to shed light on Greogory's understanding of the sacraments of baptism and eucharist. I argue that Gregory's defense of pro-Nicene sacramental practices, over against Eunomius of Cyzicus, depends upon his sacramental view of time."
The case for God : what religion really means
Divine empathy : a theology of God
The divine Father : religious and philosophical concepts of divine parenthood in antiquity
The story of God
The return of God : theological perspectives in contemporary philosophy
Encounter with the triune God?
The problem of God in modern thought
Temple and contemplation : God's presence in the cosmos, church, and human heart
Conversations with God : an uncommon dialogue. Book 1 : guidebook
You shall be as gods : A radical interpretation of the Old Testament and its tradition
Mill on God : the pervasiveness and elusiveness of Mill's religious thought
Believing in God : a philosophical essay
This is the second of three volumes in Oliver O'Donovan's masterful Ethics as Theology project. In his first volume -- "Self, World, and Time" -- O'Donovan discusses Christian ethics as an intellectual discipline in relation to the humanities, especially philosophy, theology, and behavioral studies, and in relation to the Christian gospel. In "Finding and Seeking" O'Donovan traces the logic of moral thought from self-awareness to decision through the virtues of faith, hope, and love. Blending biblical, historico-theological, and contemporary ideas in its comprehensive survey, this second volume continues O'Donovan's splendid study in ethics as theology and adds significantly to his previous theoretical reflection on Christian ethics." -- Review: John Webster-- University of St. Andrews A work of the greatest distinction -- possessing intellectual poise and scope in equal measure, penetrating in its analysis, elegantly economical in its style, authoritative in its judgments. Richard B. Hays-- Duke Divinity School This profound book should not be read quickly; each paragraph demands and rewards sustained, self-reflective meditation. Oliver O'Donovan's incisive reflections, deeply grounded in Scripture and in the classic traditions of Christian theology, summon us to find ourselves situated in world and time in such a way that we can begin the task of seeking the promised kingdom of God. Robert J. Song-- Durham University Like O'Donovan's earlier "Self, World, and Time, " this is a richly rewarding and luxuriantly textured meditation on the nature of practical reason, theologically understood. It is mature reflection, drawing on deep reading of Scripture, wide knowledge of the tradition, and a lifetime of fine-witted observation. What emerges is not only an entirely fresh and seamlessly integrated account of the forming of moral purpose, but a brilliant and extended apologia for the distinctiveness of Christian ethics itself. Gilbert Meilaender-- Valparaiso University Architectonic in structure and richly developed in conversation with many strands of Christian tradition, this is a learned and mature work that deserves the careful reading it also demands. John Hare-- Yale Divinity School Oliver O'Donovan's "Finding and Seeking" is characteristically learned and well written, but it is more than this. It is a fresh reading of the gospel for our current situation. O'Donovan has penetrating insight, like Kierkegaard, into the temptations that are endemic to our culture, and he has the skill of giving acute and vivid examples, in which we recognize ourselves unexpectedly. Only when we see the disease can we start to see the remedy. G. C. den Hertog-- University of Apeldoorn Rich and challenging. . . . Far from being a summary of the author's already known ideas, this is a provocative wake-up call for ethics in general and Christian ethics specifically. We can only ignore this book at great loss to ourselves and the urgent discussions of our times. "
Norse mythology
Lectures on the proofs of the existence of God
Mr g : [a novel about the creation]
The Avestan Hymn to Mithra
The art of loving
God - the world's future : systematic theology for a new era
The purpose driven life : what on earth am i here for?
The unknown God : negative theology in the Platonic tradition: Plato to Eriugena
The house of Hades
The Trinity and the Kingdom of God : the doctrine of God
God beyond knowledge
The race for God
The atheist's guide to Christmas
Emperors and the Divine – Rome and its Influence
Memories of ice
Middle knowledge : theory and applications
The chaos of stars
Subjectivity and transcendence
The problem of evil
In this examination of the questions posed by the problem of evil, John Feinberg addresses the intellectual and theological framework of theodicy. Beginning with a discussion of the logical problem of evil, he interacts with leading thinkers who have previously written on these themes.
Yahweh and the sun : biblical and archaeological evidence for sun worship an ancient Israel
Participating in God : a pastoral doctrine of the trinity
The vanir : an obituary
Representing God
God is watching you : how the fear of God makes us human
The spirit who speaks : God's supernatural intervention in your life
Rhetoric and social justice in Isaiah
Abba, Father we long to see your face : theological insights into the first person of the Trinity
The weight of finitude : on the philosophical question of God
Gazing on God : trinity, church and salvation in Orthodox thought and iconography
Religion : if there is no God : on God, the devil, sin and other worries of the so-called philosophy of religion
Evil and the God of love
He who is : a study in traditional Theism
God is not dead
The God you already know : developing your spiritual and prayer life
"From acclaimed, award-winning author Jo Walton: Philosopher Kings, a tale of gods and humans, and the surprising things they have to learn from one another. Twenty years have elapsed since the events of The Just City. The City, founded by the time-traveling goddess Pallas Athene, organized on the principles espoused in Plato's Republic and populated by people from all eras of human history, has now split into five cities, and low-level armed conflict between them is not unheard-of.  The god Apollo, living (by his own choice) a human life as "Pythias" in the City, his true identity known only to a few, is now married and the father of several children. But a tragic loss causes him to become consumed with the desire for revenge. Being Apollo, he goes handling it in a seemingly rational and systematic way, but it's evident, particularly to his precocious daughter Arete, that he is unhinged with grief. Along with Arete and several of his sons, plus a boatload of other volunteers--including the now fantastically aged Marsilio Ficino, the great humanist of Renaissance Florence--Pythias/Apollo goes sailing into the mysterious Eastern Mediterranean of pre-antiquity to see what they can find--possibly the man who may have caused his great grief, possibly communities of the earliest people to call themselves "Greek." What Apollo, his daughter, and the rest of the expedition will discover...will change everything. "-- Provided by publisher
One silent night
The puzzle of God
This highly anticipated two-book fourth volume in N. T. Wright's magisterial series, Christian Origins and the Question of God, is destined to become the standard reference point on the subject for all serious students of the Bible and theology. The mature summation of a lifetime's study, this landmark book pays a rich tribute to the breadth and depth of the apostle's vision, and offers an unparalleled wealth of detailed insights into his life, times, and enduring impact. Wright carefully explores the whole context of Paul's thought and activity - Jewish, Greek and Roman, cultural, philosophical, religious, and imperial - and shows how the apostle's worldview and theology enabled him to engage with the many-sided complexities of first-century life that his churches were facing. Wright also provides close and illuminating readings of the letters and other primary sources, along with critical insights into the major twists and turns of exegetical and theological debate in the vast secondary literature. The result is a rounded and profoundly compelling account of the man who became the world's first, and greatest, Christian theologian.
The sentinel
Billy Fidget's family fortunes : the continuing adventures of Billy Fidget
God as communion : John Zizioulas, Elizabeth Johnson, and the retrieval of the symbol of the Triune God
Early Neo-Assyrian state ideology : relations of power in the inscriptions and iconography of Ashurnasirpal II (883-859) and Shalmaneser III (858-824)
