http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13873 coups d'état
coups d'état
Half of a yellow sun
Chile : the state and revolution
Moscow Coup : the death of the Soviet system
The memory stones
The New Masters : The Activities of the United States Surrounding the 1953 Coup d'état in Iran
Disintegration of the Soviet empire : dangers and opportunities
Knight's shadow
Soldiers, spies, and statesmen : Egypt's road to revolt
Russia at the barricades : eyewitness accounts of the August 1991 coup
An history of the late revolution in Sweden, which happened on the 19th of August 1772. Containing, in three parts, the abuses, and the banishment, of liberty, in that kingdom. Written by a gentleman who was a Swede
The Finnish Press and the Soviet Coup in 1991 and the Parliamentary Crisis in Russia in 1993 : A Case Study on Self-censorship
The Prometheus deception
Sourcery
The house at Sugar Beach : in search of a lost African childhood
What did the 2006 military coup show us? It demonstrated that the crux of the Thai crisis is far more serious and much wider in scope than had previously been thought. The monarchy is surely not a victim in the protracted conflict, but the root cause and continuing factor that has eroded Thai politics. The coup set in motion more prejudicial uses of the lèse-majesté law, and in the process, has led to more political prisoners. It has also shredded the military into several segments, turning generals into desperate royalists who continue to live off the monarchy in order to survive. Issues of violence in the Thai south and the Thai-Cambodian dispute became greatly intensified in the age of militarised politics. The coup also produced unique colour-coded politics and created crises of legitamacy. This book is a collection of essays that reflect developments in Thai politics in the post-coup period.
Boris Yeltsin and Russia's democratic transformation
The expendables : 2 disc special version
All the Shah's men : an American coup and the roots of Middle East terror
Forget Kathmandu : an elegy for democracy
The expendables 2 : back for war
The revolution of 1848-1849 in Transylvania : contributions to the history of mentalities and of the social imaginary
From Alan Turing's conviction in the 1950s to a Silicon Valley wunderkind, imprisoned in 2040 for creating illegally lifelike dolls, from a pilgrim girl writing her diary to a traumatised young girl exchanging messages with a software program: all these lives have shaped and changed a single artificial intelligence - MARY3. Here, she tells you their story, and her own. It is the last story she will ever tell, spoken both in celebration and in warning. When machines learn to speak, who decides what it means to be human?
The Memoirs of Princess Dashkov
Warfare in African history
The Pinochet file : a declassified dossier on atrocity and accountability
Korea's development under Park Chung Hee : rapid industrialization, 1961-1979
The anti-coup
Where memory dwells : culture and state violence in Chile
Iran and the CIA  : the fall of Mosaddeq revisited
Russia transformed : breakthrough to hope : Moscow, August 1991
Military coups in sub-Saharan Africa : how to justify illegal assumptions of power
Mohammad Mosaddeq and the 1953 coup in Iran
The anatomy of a moment
Unconstitutional changes of government in Africa : what implications for democratic consolidation?
CHILE : THE STATE AND REVOLUTION
Power brokers : kingmakers & usurpers throughout history
Back to the side-track : how Egyptian Muslim Brotherhood became securitized
Omens of adversity : tragedy, time, memory, justice
A Russian century : a history of the last hundred years
African military history and politics : coups and idealogical incursions, 1900-present
Getting to know the General : the story of an involvement
An introduction to African politics
The expendables : 5 disc version
On my country and the world
Cairo : my city, our revolution
"Good coup" gone bad : Thailand's political developments since Thaksin's downfall
Greater than emperor : Cola di Rienzo (ca. 1313-54) and the world of fourteenth-century Rome
Stauffenberg : a family history, 1905-1944
Qaddafi and the Libyan revolution
The secret history of the American empire : [the truth about economic hit men, jackals, and how to change the world]
The prefect
The map of lost memories : a novel
Iran : a people interrupted
Government by the gun : the unfinished business of Fiji's  2000 coup
The Chilean coup and its cruel aftermath
Sourcery : discworld novel
Cuba : or the pursuit of freedom
The coup d'état in Côte d'Ivoire : the military as a guarantor of civilian rule?
The roots of the military-political crises in Côte d'Ivoire
The feast of the goat
Wolfhound century
Wars, guns and votes : democracy in dangerous places
This Discussion Paper is based on a conceptual and analytical reading of cases of unconstitutional change of government in Africa. It provides a deep and up-to-date exploration of the prospects for democratic consolidation on the continent against the backdrop of an upsurge in unconstitutional changes of government. Rather than focus only on the internal threats to democracy in Africa, the author also analyses the role of neighbouring states, regional organisations and hegemonic forces within the international community in advancing or limiting democracy. In this regard, this work sheds light on why the pursuit of the liberal democratic project in Africa has so far appeared to alienate ordinary people, while providing space for dominant elites to tamper with democratic institutions and processes, which then work against popular participation and democratic development. This paper is essential reading for scholars, policy practitioners, analysts and all those with an interest in the prospects for democracy in Africa.
Reflections after events in Chile
Northern revolts : medieval and early modern peasant unrest in the Nordic countries
The Ides of March
Military coups in West Africa since the sixties
Mission song
Traitor's blade
Bitter fruit : the story of the American coup in Guatemala
The lost prince
House of ashes
The "Czechoslovak path" : a communist route to power monopoly in 1943-1948 within the framework of "Mitteleuropa", great power setting, and the Soviet sphere of interests : a neorealistic and historical approach
The expendables
Perdido Street Station
Darth Vader and the Ghost Prison
The Neruda case
Economic origins of dictatorship and democracy
The Park Chung Hee era : the transformation of South Korea
