http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13859 memories (mental objects)
memories (mental objects)
The lost daughter
From memories of the past to anticipations of the future : pre-service elementary teachers' mathematical identity work
Three souls : a novel
Victim without a face
The book of memory
The Finkler question
Sweet and bitter memories : reminiscence talk - statements, descriptions, narratives
John I. Kolehmainen in memoriam
The loney
If I close my eyes now
Dark Tourism and Destination Marketing
Love for the lost
English teachers as constructed in the language learning autobiographies written by university students : a discursive study
The notable brain of Maximilian Ponder
This census-taker : a novella
Parfums : a catalogue of remembered smells
Venice for lovers
Storylines : politics, history and narrative from an Arendtian perspective
The lines on Nana's face
Sounds of the sixties : the stories behind the songs
The writers' Helsinki
The treatment
Miracles happen : the transformational healing power of past-life memories
"The past lay claim to the present" memory and narrative as a journey to one's self : a study of Damon Galgut's In a Strange Room
The angel of history : a novel
The chimes
Your blue-eyed boy
Girl at war : a novel
The foxes come at night
The monument of the Crimean war Finnish soldiers in England
the MIME : Gränslösa minnen-Migrating Memories-Muuttajan muistot
A life without you
A French novel
Finns down under : documents of Finnish immigrants in Australia = Kielisten maassa : dokumentteja australiansuomalaisista
The Song of the Skylark
Purity : a novel
The opposite of loneliness : essays & stories
Precocious
Connor's brain
The night stages
Kitchens of the great Midwest
The black notebook
The past
Following her mother's untimely and mysterious death, Delia embarks on a voyage of discovery through the streets of her native Naples searching for the truth about her family.
The broken mirrors : Sinalcol
Splinter
Na tšo pohoža vojna? = Miltä sota tuntui? = What was war like?
Everything is teeth
The monument, in Lewes, East Sussex, is dedicated to the 28 Finns who died in the local prison, after being captured when the British attacked the Åland Islands during the Crimean War 1854-1856..
'I didn't realise my mother was a person until I was thirteen years old and she pulled me out of bed, put me in the back of her car, and we left home and my dad with no explanations. I thought that Ma was all that she was and all that she had ever wanted to be. I was wrong. As we made our way from Virginia to California, returning to the places where she'd lived as a child in foster care and as a teenager on the run, repaying debts and keeping promises, I learned who she was in her life-before-me - and the secrets she had kept, even from herself. But when life on the road began to feel normal I couldn't forget the home we'd left behind, couldn't deny that, just like my mother, I too had unfinished business.'
I refuse
The allure of Chanel
A single match
I am a Chechen!
Transparent things
The familial gaze
Death by water
The sandalwood tree
The opposite of loneliness : essays and stories
Storied relationships:students recall their teachers
Kinder than solitude : a novel
The lovers
Fire and hemlock
Shotgun lovesongs
The complete Jack survives
Set over the course of one night in the waiting room of a psych clinic, The Angel of History follows Yemeni-born poet Jacob as he revisits the events of his life, from his maternal upbringing in an Egyptian whorehouse to his adolescence under the aegis of his wealthy father and his life as a gay Arab man in San Francisco at the height of AIDS. Hovered over by the presence of alluring, sassy Satan who taunts Jacob to remember his painful past and dour, frigid Death who urges him to forget and give up on life, Jacob is also attended to by 14 saints. Set in Cairo and Beirut; Sana'a, Stockholm, and San Francisco; Alameddine gives us a charged philosophical portrait of a brilliant mind in crisis. This is a profound, philosophical and hilariously winning story of the war between memory and oblivion we wrestle with every day of our lives.
Vanishing acts
The lost soldier
The bat
Not untrue and not unkind
Every day is for the thief : fiction
From memories of the past to anticipations of the future:pre-service elementary teachers’ mathematical identity work
Teacher students' school memories as a part of the development of their professional identity
I hired a contract killer
The hive
Follows the continuing story of the friendship between fiery Lina and bookish Elena, now grown with children and successful in their chosen careers, and both again living in Naples, the city of their birth.
The return of the honey buzzard
Breakfast on the grass : New Souvenir Design for Wilanow Castle
Mayme Sevander in Memoriam 1923-2003
Chapman's odyssey
Death and mourning rituals in online environments : lectio praecursoria 8.8.2014
Souvenirs in Tampere : Factors Behind International Tourists' Decision Making
I'll be right there : a novel
A whole life
Wonders of the invisible world
Troubling love
All the poems you need to say goodbye
The consequences of marriage
X'ed out
The book of Memory
Browse : the world in bookshops
A head full of ghosts
Memory man
The program
Children in genocide : extreme traumatization and affect regulation
The fragility of goodness : [column]
Dead Rock, Texas, 2037. Raleigh Williams made a promise to his brother before he died, that he’d scatter his ashes on Mars. Desperate to leave a life of bad memories behind and start over in the Martian colony, Raleigh fully intends to keep that promise. But his plans are thwarted when a meteor near-misses him in the desert, and Raleigh finds in its crater not debris or even a spacecraft, but a man covered in swirling scars and with no memory of who he is. At least he looks like a man—a man Raleigh can’t seem to keep his eyes off of—but whenever they touch it ignites a memory swap between them.  Raleigh agrees to help Meteor Man piece together his life through their cosmic connection. But the memory share goes both ways, and Raleigh becomes inexplicably entangled with a guy who is everything he needs—everything good that Raleigh is not—but might not even be human. As their minds and worlds collide, reality unravels and Raleigh must face a painful truth, one that could shatter his dreams of finding love, reaching Mars, and fulfilling his brother’s last wish.
Two gruesome murders have shocked the Swedish town of Helsingborg. The first victim, a thug who liked using his fists, died with his hands sawn off. His sidekick, a fan of steel-capped boots, was crushed to death feet-first. Both men were bullies in the same class at school. Is someone serving justice after thirty years? The killer leaves no trace behind. But for lead investigator Fabian Risk, the lack of forensic evidence is not the only problem. He too was a student in that class--which makes him both a potential victim and a potential suspect... Full of unremitting suspense and unexpected twists, Stefan Ahnhem's Victim Without a Face is a sensational thriller from a superb debut storyteller. -
Fishing with dad : Michael J. Rosen
The 1970s
The brickfield
Kafka on the shore
Expatriate honours
The effect of cue media on recollections
Out of the dark
Where my heart used to beat
MemoryTrace : an interface to the memory of things
The river :  a novel
Remembering our childhood : how memory betrays us
Connor began his second life at the age of fifteen. He started it with a thirty-mile-an-hour brain. Connor's first life ended when a virus in his brain stripped him of almost everything - his memory, language and a sense of time. Now Connor lives in a permanent present that he doesn't understand. The 'new' Connor doesn't recognise or remember his parents, his brother, his friends - or his girlfriend Hattie. New-Connor can't remember the old Connor, but there are people who can. People who have reasons to keep him quiet - or to hurt him. Because old-Connor had a dark past.
Split second
Diary of the fall
Collective life stories : shared and embodied memories in teaching
Polly has two sets of memories...  One is normal: school, home, friends. The other, stranger memories begin nine years ago, when she was ten and gate-crashed an odd funeral in the mansion near her grandmother's house. Polly's just beginning to recall the sometimes marvelous, sometimes frightening adventures she embarked on with Tom Lynn after that. And then she did something terrible, and everything changed.  But what did she do? Why can't she remember? Polly must uncover the secret, or her true love — and perhaps Polly herself — will be lost.
The infinities
"In an unprecedented literary accomplishment, Herman Wouk, one of America's most beloved and enduring authors, reflects on his life and times from the remarkable vantage point of 100 years old. Many years ago, the great British philosopher Sir Isaiah Berlin urged Herman Wouk to write his autobiography. Wouk responded, "Why me? I'm nobody." Berlin answered, "No, no. You've traveled. You've known many people. You have interesting ideas. It would do a lot of good." Now, in the same year he has celebrated his hundredth birthday, Herman Wouk finally reflects on the life experiences that inspired his most beloved novels. Among those experiences are his days writing for comedian Fred Allen's radio show, one of the most popular shows in the history of the medium; enlisting in the US Navy during World War II; falling in love with Betty Sarah Brown, the woman who would become his wife (and literary agent) for sixty-six years; writing his Pulitzer Prize-winning novel, The Caine Mutiny; as well as a big hit Broadway play The Caine Mutiny Court Martial; and the surprising inspirations and people behind such masterpieces as The Winds of War, War and Remembrance, Marjorie Morningstar, and Youngblood Hawke. Written with the wisdom of a man who has lived through two centuries and the wit of someone who began his career as professional comedy writer, the first part of Wouk's memoir ("Sailor") refers to his Navy experience and writing career, the second ("Fiddler") to what he's learned from living a life of faith. Ultimately, Sailor and Fiddler is an unprecedented reflection from a vantage point few people have lived to experience"--
The professor and other writings
A cup of turkish coffee = Bir fincan kahve
Her mother's face
Before I go to sleep : a novel
Memory meanders : place, home and commemoration in an ex-Rhodesian diaspora community
Don't. Trust. Anyone. It was supposed to be a fresh start. A chance to forget the past and embrace the future. But can you ever really start again? Or does the past follow you wherever you go...
So you don't get lost in the neighbourhood
Family photographs : content, meaning, and effect
The creation of the small New England town in Alice Hoffman's Massachusetts novels : a cultural imagological study
The machine
A spool of blue thread
Old masters : a comedy
Ether one : PS4
The Lauras
The 1950s
A girl at war : a novel
'What a teacher!' : students write about teachers
Na čto pohoža vojna? = Miltä sota tuntui? = What was war like?
The invisible mile
The 1960s
The Paradise guest house : a novel
When Leda's daughters leave home to be with their father, she decides to take a trip to a small coastal town in Italy, but soon after she arrives memories from her unsettled past come back to haunt her.
Factors that influence Chinese traveler's souvenir buying behavior in Finland
Go set a watchman : a novel
A pale view of hills
Go set a watchman
House of shadows
Tourists' perceptions of memorable experiences: testing the Memorable Tourism Experience scale (MTEs) among tourists to Rovaniemi, Lapland
Comments on Pirjo Korkiakangas' paper presented at the seminar
Working with rebels to bring down The Program, a suicide prevention treatment in which painful memories are erased, Sloane and James consider taking The Treatment to unlock their memories.
Marilyn Monroe : fragments : poems, intimate notes, letters
The story of the lost child
Sailor and fiddler : reflections of a 100-year-old author
Those who leave and those who stay
This should be written in the present tense
Bad memories : remembering incomplete objects
The song house
Bitter almonds : recollections and recipes from a Sicilian girlhood
World of final fantasy : PS4
Against the flow : wading through eastern Europe
Tarnished
"A young woman with a once-in-a-generation palate becomes the iconic chef behind the country's most coveted dinner reservation"--
In memoriam Alexander King
Listen to your mother : what she said then, what we're saying now
On topobiography; or, how to write one ̀s place
Waltz with Bashir : a Lebanon war story
Born bad
The recovery
Contemporary fiction. Della Hopkins has led a charmed life. Raised in rural New Hampshire by her widowed father Andrew, she now has a young daughter, a handsome fiancé, and her own search and rescue bloodhound. But as she plans her wedding, she is plagued by flashbacks of a life she can't recall.
Storied relationships : students recall their teachers
I married you for happiness
The restoration of Otto Laird
Thanks for the memories
The remedy
Moscow : a traveller's reader
