http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13833 continental shelf
continental shelf
International law and ocean use management : the evolution of ocean governance
The exclusive economic zone : regime and legal nature under international law
Continental shelf limits : the scientific and legal interface
The legal determination of international maritime boundaries : the progressive development of continental shelf, EFZ and EEZ law
The marginal seabed : United Kingdom legal practice
The public order of the oceans : a contemporary international law of the sea
The actions of the Arctic states respecting the continental shelf : a reflective essay
The legal regime for deep seabed mining under the Law of the Sea Convention
Decisions of the World Court relevant to the UN Convention on the Law of the Sea : a reference guide
Land-locked and geographically disadvantaged states in the international law of the sea
The law of maritime delimination - reflections
Resource management and the oceans : the political economy of deep seabed mining
Recent sedimentogenesis and environment on the Arctic Shelf of Western Eurasia
Sea-bed energy and mineral resources and the law of the sea. 1, The areas within national jurisdiction
Women, work and family in the British, Canadian and Norwegian offshore oilfields
Agreement between Sweden and Finland concerning the delimitation of the continental shelf in the Gulf of Bothnia, the Bothnian Sea, the Åland Sea and the northernmost part of the Baltic Sea (with protocol) (29 September 1972)
Power politics or orderly development? : Why are states "claiming" large areas of the Arctic seabed?
Pacific-ACP states regional legislative and regulatory framework for deep sea minerals exploration and exploitation
Continental shelves
Under-ice petroleum exploration offshore East Greenland
The 200 mile exclusive economic zone in the new law of the sea. Barbara Kwiatkowska
The future for ocean technology
With a summary in English.
On the issue of the continental shelf : two legal opinions
Seabed politics
The peaceful management of transboundary resources
Mineral concessions and law in Greenland
The Aegean maritime disputes and international law
Undiscovered oil and gas potential of the Alaska federal offshore : 1995 national resource assessment
Small powers at sea : Scandinavia and the new international marine order
The regime of islands in international law
Conclusions (s. 218-221).
The regime for the exploitation of transboundary marine fisheries resources : the United Nations Law of the Sea Convention Cooperation between states
Conclusions (s. 307-309).
Sea-bed energy and mineral resources and the law of the sea. 2, The area beyond the limits of national jurisdiction
International maritime boundaries. Volume 4
International maritime boundaries
The law of the sea : current problems
Training manual for delineation of the outer limits of the continental shelf beyond 200 nautical miles and for preparation of submissions to the Commission on the limits of the continental shelf
Olje og fiske : rettslige problemer og rettslige muligheter = Studies in oil law: Oil and fishing - legal problems and legal possibilities
The law of the sea : progress and prospects
Relevant circumstances and maritime delimitation
Rights to oceanic resources : deciding and drawing maritime boundaries
Radiocarbon date list 11 : East Greenland Shelf, West Greenland Shelf, Labrador Sea, Baffin Island Shelf, Baffin Bay, Nares Strait, and Southwest to Northwest Icelandic Shelf
New directions in the law of the sea : (new series)
Radiocarbon date list. 8, Eastern Canadian Arctic, Labrador, Northern Quebec, East Greenland Shelf, Iceland Shelf, and Antarctica
United States responses to excessive maritime claims
Do the continental shelf developments challenge the polar regimes?
A handbook on the new law of the sea. 1
The exclusive economic zone in international law
From manganese nodules to lunar regolith : a comparative legal study of the utilization of natural resources in the deep seabed and outer space
Dispute settlement in the UN Convention on the Law of the Sea
Essays on the new law of the sea
A handbook on the new law of the sea. 2
Essays on the new law of the sea. 2
