http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13825 Internet Information Server
Internet Information Server
Gateway implementation between Internet and LonWorks using i.LON 1000
Microsoft Windows server 2003 deployment kit : a Microsoft resource kit
Real-time communication on the web and IP multimedia subsystem media security
Characterizing the deep web
IIS 6 administration
Professional IIS 7
IT governance : an international guide to data security and ISO27001/ISO27002
Web 101 : making the 'net work for you
Beginning SharePoint® 2010 development
Internet Information Services (IIS) 7.0 administrator's pocket consultant
The best damn Windows Server 2008 book period
Microsoft official academic course (70-643) : Windows Server 2008 applications infrastructure configuration
Abstract.
Professional Microsoft IIS 8
"Faced with constant and fast-evolving threats to information security and with a growing exposure to cyber risk, managers at all levels and in organizations of all sizes need a robust IT governance system. Now in its sixth edition, the bestselling IT Governance provides best-practice guidance for companies looking to protect and enhance their information security management systems and protect themselves against cyber threats. IT Governance has been fully updated to take account of current cyber security and advanced persistent threats and reflects the latest regulatory and technological developments, including the 2013 updates to ISO27001/ISO27002. Changes for this edition include:
Abstract: Real-Time Communications on the Web (RTC-Web) is a project aimed at standardizing protocols for real-time communication between Web browsers and other communication end points. This enables applications to be developed in the browser via JavaScript Application Programming Interfaces (APIs) and HyperText Markup Language 5 (HTML5). RTC-Web is to be in the standard browser, and no plug-ins are required. The privacy and security of the media path is important in any communication, especially on the Web. RTC-Web communications are directly controlled by a Web server. This Web server controls not only the channel between the communicating end points but also the application running on the user's browser. This brings the question of security and a need for a safe standardized way to set up media connections and streams. In this thesis, the viability of various security techniques, in terms of their usefulness in RTC-Web context is analyzed. A strong key management protocol is a central aspect for an effective security mechanism. Based on the thesis research carried out, secure and reliable cryptographic and key management protocols are proposed for RTC-Web deployment. Furthermore, the interworking of RTC-Web and Internet Protocol Multimedia Subsystem (IMS) in terms of media security and authentication requirements is another topic which is explored. The convergence of telecommunication networks with the Web by exposing the IMS capabilities through Web APIs would bring many benefits to both areas. It would also bring security vulnerabilities to the converged network and its users. These security vulnerabilities are analyzed in this study. Based on the identified security challenges and risks, security considerations and solutions for the RTC-Web client and the IMS gateway on the media plane are proposed. The project was carried out at Ericsson Research NomadicLab which is part of Ericsson R&D Center in Finland. The research is based on academic papers and the Internet Engineering Task Force (IETF) and other standardization bodies' recommendations. The findings of this thesis can be applied in RTC-Web implementation and will be useful for application developers involved in implementing real-time security.
Microsoft Internet Information Server training kit. Microsoft Internet Information Server 4.0 training
Internet information services (IIS) 7.0 resource kit
Apache cookbook
Best damn Exchange, SQL and IIS book period
Microsoft Internet information services 5.0 documentation
IIS 5.0 : a beginner's guide, Windows 2000
Microsoft official academic course (70-643) : Windows Server 2008 applications infrastructure configuration : lab manual
Mastering IIS7 implementation and administration
Windows 8 digital classroom
Core servlets and JavaServer pages. Vol. 1, Core technologies
Internet Quality in Southern Ghana for Businesses : Vendor: Viope Solutions Oy
Internet information services administration
Microsoft IIS 5 administration
Linux server security
