http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13878 plant pathology
plant pathology
Plant disease epidemiology. Vol.2, Genetics, resistance and management
Moss-Erwinia pathosystem reveals possible similarities in pathogenesis and pathogen defense in vascular and nonvascular plants
Linospora ceuthocarpa (fr.) munk ex morelet on Populus tremula l. foliage in Finland
Plant pathology in agriculture
New perspectives in plant science : centenary symposium, Kew 1987.
Breeding for resistance to diseases and insect pests
Expression patterns and phylogenetic analysis of two xylanase genes (htxyl1 and htxyl2) from Helminthosporium turcicum, the cause of northern leaf blight of maize
Study of plant disease epidemics
Helminthosporia : metabolites, biology, plant diseases : Bipolaris, Drechslera, Exserohilum
Biotechnological approaches in biocontrol of plant pathogens
Bacterial plant pathology : cell and molecular aspects
The effects of α-tomatine and its derivatives in non-tomato (Lycopersicon esculentum) pathosystems
Strains of Peru tomato virus infecting cocona (Solanum sessiliflorum), tomato and pepper in Peru with referance to genome evolution in genus Potyvirus
Soil-borne clover diseases in intensive legume cropping
Damping-off of sugar beet with special reference to the fungus Pythium Pringsheim
Viruses detection in a wild plant, Arctium tomentosum, by siRNA deep-sequencing
Plant-associated bacteria
Principles of plant pathology
Report on the occurrence of fungus, bacterial and allied diseases of crops in England and Wales, for the years 1925, 1926 and 1927
Some common tree diseases of British Columbia
Acta phytopathologica et entomologica Hungarica
Pathogenesis-related proteins in barley : localization and accumulation patterns in response to infection by Bipolaris sorokiniana
Phytobacteriology : principles and practice
Encyclopedia of plant pathology
Potyviral 6K2 protein long-distance movement and symptom-induction functions are independent and host-specific
Viruses occurring in potatoes (Solanum tuberosum) in Mbeya region, Tanzania
Detection and characterization of viruses of sweetpotatoes (Ipomoea batatas L.) from Guatemala and Honduras
Hellenic plant protection journal : a semiannual publication of the Benaki Phytopathological Institute
Virus-insect-plant interactions
Comprehensive and molecular phytopathology
The microclimate of the habitat of Fomes Annosus (Fr.) Karst. and the influence of several environmental factors on basidiospore release
Konservoituneiden vgrG -geenien vaikutus Pectobacterium atrosepticum -bakteerin virulenssiin perunalla = The affect of conserved vgrG genes to the virulence of Pectobacterium atrosepticum on potato
World Crop Pests. Vol. 1A, Spider mites : their biology, natural enemies and control
Applying epidemiological research to improve virus disease management: program, abstracts : IX International Plant Virus Epidemiology Symposium, Lima, Peru, April 4-7, 2005.
Introduction to fungi
Molecular plant pathology : vol. 1
Cloning, sequencing and expression of a xylanase gene from the maize pathogen Helminthosporium turcicum
Laboratory guide for indentification of plant pathogenic bacteria
Proceedings of the IInd International Organic Fruit Symposium : Leavenworth, Washington, USA, June 18-21, 2012
Epidemiology of white trunk rot of aspen incited by Fomes igniarius var. Populinus (Neuman) Campbell
Regulation and characterization of the virulence determinants of the plant pathogen Erwinia carotovora subsp. carotovora
Biologiska bekämpningen inom växtpatologin : Nordiska forskarkursen i växtpatologi = Biological control of plant diseases : Scandinavian post-graduate course in plant pathology
Fungi causing tar spots on palms
The effect of a transferred chitinase gene on the pathogen resistance of Silver birch (Betula pandula)
Basic plant pathology methods
A novel insertion site inside the potyvirus P1 cistron allows expression of heterologous proteins and suggests some P1 functions
Arabidopsis thaliana as a model for plant-pathogen interactions
Plant disease epidemiology. Vol.1, Population dynamics and management
Treatment of ornamental white pines infected with blister rust
Diagnosis of ill-health of trees
Proceedings of the 18th International Symposium on Virus & Virus-like Diseases of Temperate Fruit Crops : top fruit diseases : Canterbury and HRI East Malling, 9 - 15 July 2000.. Volume 2
Introduction to plant pathology
Systematic arrangement of Australian fungi together with host-index and list of works on the subject
Soft rot Erwinia spp. attacking potatoes in Sweden with special reference to E. Carotovora subsp. atroseptica
Essential plant pathology
Mycocentrospora acerina in carrots : host range, epidemiology and prediction
Comparative and functional genomics of closteroviruses
Potato leaf roll virus (PLRV), Potato virus Y (PVY), Potato virus X (PVX), Potato virus S (PVS), Potato virus A (PVA), and Potato virus M (PVM) are widely distributed in potato (Solanum tuberosum) all over the world. This study was conducted to establish if these viruses also infect potato in Mbeya region, Tanzania. A total of 219 potato leaf samples from 13 farmers' fields were collected. Of these, 20 samples were pressed on FTA cards. Samples were screened for viruses by Double Antibody Sandwich Enzyme Linked Immunosorbent Assay (DAS-ELISA). Those which were pressed on FTA cards were further analysed by Reverse Transcription Polymerase Chain Reaction (RT-PCR). Virus-like symptoms such as yellowish-green mosaic, leaf rolling and vein necrosis were observed and recorded at the time of field sample collection. DAS-ELISA results suggested the occurrence of all six viruses in samples from Mbeya region. RT-PCR analysis confirmed the presence of these viruses except PVY. PVS and PLRV were the most prevalent viruses. Complete coat proteins (CP) encoding sequence of five viruses (PLRV, PVX, PVA, PVS and PVM) were sequenced. Blast searches detected presence of sequences in the GenBank sharing nucleotide sequence identities of 94%-100% with isolates of viruses sequenced in this study. The complete CP sequences of the aforementioned viruses from the current study were closely related with virus isolates from different countries. The Tanzania isolates of PLRV, PVX, PVA, PVS and PVM were each suggested to belong to the one group as well as one isolate. These results are important in seed potato multiplication systems in Tanzania for improving seed quality in the local seed potato chain, an important service currently lacking to potato farmers in Tanzania.
Moss as model system for studies on plant-pathogen interactions
The control of peach brown-rot and scab
Active defense mechanisms in plants
Diseases of head lettuce in Minnesota
Plant pathology : an advanced treatise
Resistance of crop plants against fungi
Regulatory mechanisms controlling the production of the virulence determinants in Erwinia carotovora subsp. carotovora
Cultivating measures for potatoes (Solanum tuberosum L.) and climatic factors affecting the gangrene pathogen Phoma foveata foister
Host specificity and genetic differentiation of Melampsora epitea (rust on willows)
Mycological and pathological studies on the downy mildew of italian millet
Interactions between plants and deleterious rhizosphere bacteria : importance of plant genotype and possible mechanisms involved
(IPSS 2004) Novel approaches to the control of potato scab
Biotic interactions and soil-borne diseases : proceedings of the first conference of the European Foundation for Plant Pathology
Fundamentals of plant pathology
Glossary of plant-pathological terms
Seedling diseases of some important forest tree species and their management
Occurrence and survival of potato scab pathogens (Streptomyces species) on tuber lesions : quick diagnosis based on a PCR-based assay
Long-distance movement, virulence, and RNA silencing suppression controlled by a single protein in hordei- and potyviruses: complementary functions between virus families
Introduction to the history of plant pathology
Journal of general plant pathology
Unravelling the genetic diversity of the three main viruses involved in Sweet Pootato Virus Disease (SPVD), and its practical implications
Viruses : economical losses and biotechnological potential
P1- and VPg-transgenic plants show similar resistance to Potato virus A and may compromise long distance movement of the virus in plant sections expressing RNA silencing-based resistance
Mycorrhizosphere concept
Common diseases of important shade trees
Physcomitrella patens as a model for studies on plant-pathogen interactions
Novel approaches to the control of potato scab
Advances in downy mildew research. Vol. 2
Plant-microbe interactions. 1
7th International Symposium on Small Fruit Virus Diseases : 27 June - 2 July 1994
Celebration seminar on forest pathology and biotechnology : 15th of April 2005
Control strategies for plant diseases : resistance biology and fungicide resistance : NJF seminar no. 124, Århus, Denmark the 30th of June 1987
Seed pathology. 2
Studies on the resistance of the strawberry powdery mildew (Podosphaera macularis)
Essays on the early history of plant pathology and mycology in Canada
Fungal diseases causing fruit decay in sweet cherries (Prunum avium L.) : effects of rain protective covers, aborted fruits, overwintering sites and cuticular fractures = Fruktrote i søtkirsebær (Prunus avium L.) : verknad av dekking, aborterte frukter, overvintringsstader og sprekker i fruktkutikula
The ecology and evolution of gall-forming insects
Diplodia Natalensis, its occurrence on flowers, button and stem-end of Shamouti orange, and its relation to stem-end rot and fruit drop
Interrelationship of the soft rot phytopathogens in the Pectobacterium genus and Caenorhabditis elegans
Bacterial community composition and activity in rhizospheres of roots colonised by arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi
Marker-assisted combination of major genes for pathogen resistance in potato
Agrobacterium tumefaciens : from plant pathology to biotechnology
The parasitism of Colletotrichum lindemuthianum
Report of the plant pathologist for the year ending December 31, 1936 : diseases of citrus fruits in Southern Rhodesia
Responses of potato cultivars to the common scab pathogens, Streptomyces scabies and S. turgidiscabies
Meliolales of India
Interactions between a crinivirus, an ipomovirus and a potyvirus in coinfected sweetpotato plants
Molecular defence responses against the plant pathogen Erwinia carotovora : signal pathways in the regulation of pathogen-induced gene expression in plants
Epidemiology and geophytopathology of selected seed-borne diseases
Molecular methods in plant pathology
Tomato diseases
Resistance of sapwood in stems of loblolly pine to infection by Fomes Annosus
Delivery and perception of pathogen signals in plants
The effect of a transferred chitinase gene on the pathogen resistance of Silver birch (Betula pendula)
Plant pathology
Biotic interactions in plant-pathogen associations
Fusarium species and fumonisins in maize in Zambia = Fusarium arter og fumonisiner i mais i Zambia
The principles of plant-teratology : Wilson Crosfield Worsdell
Induced plant resistance to herbivory
Genetic improvement of solanaceous crops. Vol. 1, Potato
Assessment of the integral membrane protein topology in living cells
Sorghum and millets diseases : a second world review
Anatomical and cytological comparison of the development of crown gall in three host species
Detection of the potyviral genome-linked protein VPg in virions and its phosphorylation by host kinases
Plant diseases : their biology and social impact
The influence of soil moisture upon root rot development by Fomes annosus (Fr.) Cke. in loblolly pine (Pinus taeda L.)
Westcott's plant disease handbook
Histology, ultrastructure and molecular cytology of plant-microorganism interactions
Plant diseases of international importance. Vol. 4, Diseases of sugar, forest, and plantation crops
The biosynthetic gene cluster of the estrogenic mycotoxin zearalenone from the plant pathogenic fungus Fusarium graminearum
Tree disease concepts
Proceedings of the Ninth International Symposium on Small Fruit Virus Diseases : Canterbury and HRI - East Malling, England, 9 -15 July, 2000
Diagnosing plant diseases caused by nematodes
History of botany : two papers presented at a symposium held at the William Andrews Clark Memorial Library, December 7, 1963. [1-2], Herbals, their history and significance
Plant pest handbook for Connecticut : 2, diseases and injuries
Biochemistry and molecular biology of plant-pathogen interactions
Applied plant virology
Characterization of pathogenicity determinants of the plant pathogen Erwinia carotovora
A potyvirus-based gene vector allows producing active human S-COMT and animal GFP, but not human sorcin, in vector-infected plants
Molecular plant pathology
Graft-transmissible diseases of citrus : handbook for detection and diagnosis
Monitoring and control of Plasmodiophora brassicae in spring oilseed Brassica crops
Mechanisms of resistance to viruses
Moss as a model system for studies on plant-pathogen interactions
Plant-microbe interactions. Volume 6
Identification and characterization of Nip, necrosis-inducing virulence protein of Erwinia carotovora subsp. carotovora
Molecular approaches to soil, rhizosphere and plant microorganism analysis
