http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13893 zirconium
zirconium
The influence of certain processing factors on the durability of yttrium stabilized zirconia used as dental biomaterial
Formation of thick anodic oxide layers of zirconium and zirconium alloys
Catalytic wet air oxidation of industrial wastewaters : oxidation of bisphenol A over cerium supported metal catalysts
Metal ceramic restorations have been used in fixed prosthodontics since the 1950s, but the lack of aesthetics, the inclination to use metal-free materials, possible allergic reactions to metals, and the high cost of high noble alloys have increased the use of all-ceramic materials. The ongoing development of ceramic materials led to the introduction of zirconia to fixed prosthodontics over a decade ago. The mechanical properties of zirconia have proven to be excellent, but the clinical outcome of conventional fixed zirconia restorations over the long term is unclear. This retrospective clinical study evaluated two- to seven-year outcomes, early complications during prosthetic treatment and short-term failures during the first year of use of zirconia single crowns and fixed dental prostheses (FDPs). The usefulness and durability of zirconia single crowns in abutment teeth of partial removable dental prostheses (RDPs) was also evaluated.The material consisted of 173 patients treated with zirconia single crowns or FDPs by undergraduate dental students between 2007 and 2010. Of these patients 94 were women and 79 men (mean age 55 years, range 18–79 years). Altogether 268 zirconia single crowns (mean 3 crowns, range 1–12 crowns per patient) had been fabricated for 88 patients and 120 zirconia FDPs (range 3–12 units, mean 4.5 units) for 102 patients. Seventeen patients had received both crown(s) and FDP(s).The results show that zirconia single crowns and FDPs are a suitable treatment alternative in fixed prosthodontics. Early complications during prosthetic treatment and short-term failures during the first year of use were few. The survival rate of the zirconia single crowns after 3.9 years (2–6 years) was 89% and the success rate was 80%. The survival rate of zirconia FDPs after 4.9 years (3–7 years) was 100% and the success rate was 89%. Zirconia single crowns perform well as abutment teeth of partial RDPs with a metal framework, but fractures in the veneering porcelain remain a problem.
Catalytic clean-up of biomass derived gasification gas with zirconia based catalysts
Structural modelling of liquid ZrO2 and glassy B2O3 by using AB INITIO molecular dynamics method
Catalytic wet air oxidation of industrial wastewaters:oxidation of bisphenol A over cerium supported metal catalysts
Treatment outcome of zirconia single crowns and fixed dental prostheses
Tin and Zirconium heterodimetallic complexes stabilized by tripodal amido ligands
Development of trap-assisted spectroscopy and its application to beta decay of neutron-rich zirconium isotopes
Monolithic zirconium dioxide as a full contour restorative material : with special emphasis on the optical and mechanical properties
Chemical utilization of carbon dioxide : zirconia catalysts for methanol synthesis from CO[sub 2] and H[sub 2]
Resistance of catalytic materials towards chemical impurities:the effect of sulphur and biomaterial-based compounds on the performance of DOC and SCR catalysts
TEM, positron lifetime and hardness measurements of irradiated, cold-worked and annealed Zr-1%Nb
