http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13897 collectivism
collectivism
Reinventing collective action : from the global to the local
Stalin and the scientists : a history of triumph and tragedy 1905-1953
Collectivism after modernism : the art of social imagination after 1945
Ideas in conflict : the political theories of the contemporaty world
Another production is possible : beyond the capitalist canon
Individualism and collectivism : an exploration of individual and cultural differences
Significance of the ingroup and the collectivist value-orientation
The British political tradition. 1, The rise of collectivism
The disease of government
The employment relationship on the eve of the twenty-first century : official proceedings of the Fifth IIRA European Regional Industrial Relations Congress held in Dublin, Ireland, 26-29 August 1997. 7, Collectivism and individualism : trends and prospects
Community without unity : a politics of Derridian extravagance
The road to serfdom : text and documents
The myth of the welfare state
Discourse and knowledge : defence of a collectivist ethics
"The book examines the way people talk with power - and power talks back to them - in the context of authoritarian state regimes, the Soviet/Russian one being the case in point. My claim is, in the first place, that there does exist such a conversation. I thus strongly resist the reading of recent Soviet history in terms of people's mute and passive subordination to crushing imposition of power, or at best - of forms of indirect resistance or escapism. Instead, my claim is that multi-layered communication between the pinnacle and the broad base of the social pyramid was part and parcel of the identity of the Soviet period all along. As it is argued in the book, grassroots-with-power communication in the Soviet and post-Soviet context reflects a will and corresponding practice for a continuously re-negotiated arrangement with power. Its principal thrust is the establishing of a grassroots-to-power tensed compromise over such fundamentally critical issues like existential security and a degree of well-being. I argue for the presence of effective grassroots' agentivity in the Soviet/post-Soviet context. To examine it I turn special attention to the period of enforced collectivisation of agriculture (1929-1934) in the context of the reindeer husbandry economy of what is today Murmansk Region of NW Russia. My specific ethnography takes a reindeer husbandry practice of mixing private and collective reindeer as a metaphorical expression of a risk-free socioeconomic arrangement I call "sovkhoizm". My general conclusion is that a socioeconomic and political environment that has sovkhoizm as a principal worldview presents serious communicative obstacles as regards a generalized "western" attempt, over the last two decades, for constructive dialogue on, particularly, the Sami indgeneity issue. The ethnographic basis of the study comes from long-term fieldwork with Sami and Komi reindeer husbandry teams in Lovozero District, Murmansk Region."--Takakansi.
The decline of the Russian peasant household
Finnish managers in China : cultural challenges
Individualism & collectivism
Stalin's Russia
Understand Stalin's Russia
Collective responsibility : against collectivism
Cameroonian forms of collectivism and individualism
Dark matter : art and politics in the age of enterprise culture
Complicity : ethics and law for a collective age
Individualism and collectivism : theory, method, and applications
Religion and social cohesion revisited : collectivism and individualism in popular religiosity
The oasis of the industrialised countryside in Soviet Estonia
Conversations with power : Soviet and post-Soviet developments in the reindeer husbandry part of the Kola Peninsula
