http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13807 action planning
action planning operational planning
Implementing value-added telecom services
MITA : Mobile Internet Technical Architecture. 3, Visions and implementations
The back stage guide to stage management : traditional and new methods for running a show from first rehearsal to last performance
Marketing plans : how to prepare them : how to use them
Marketing and Service Development : Case Hot Pot Chinese Restaurant
Ecotourism programme planning
Effects of maintenance plan to fleet availability
Showreel.01 : 53 projects on audiovisual design
Operations management : quality and competitiveness in a global environment
Introduction to operations and supply chain management
Study guide to accompany the restaurant : from concept to operation
Information warfare : part of operational planning - reason for transformation?
Design secrets : Products 2 : 50 real-life projects uncovered
Facilities planning
Exploring corporate strategy : text and cases
Study on the feasibility of setting up resettlement schemes in EU Member States or at EU level, against the background of the common European asylum system and the goal of a common asylum procedure
Operational excellence competence development of a product development manager
Fast track to success : strategy
Implementing projects
Marketing for health care organizations
International marketing strategy : analysis, development and implementation
Executive summaries: Spanish, Danish, German, Greek, French, Italian, Dutch, Portuguese, Finnish, Swedish (s. 203-301).
Operational code analysis of continuity and change in German Federal Chancellor Angela Merkel's foreign and European policy
Reframing the relationship between service design and operations : a service engineering approach
Entrepreneurship : theory, process, practice
Enterprise sales and operations planning : synchronizing demand, supply and resources for peak performance
Participatory implementation : the gender dimension in the implementation of community-level projects in Ghana
Successful event management : a practical handbook
Strategic marketing management : planning, implementation and control
Hotel developments do not possess such a large scale of familiarity within the Finnish hospitality business. There might be interests for the matter by small hospitality developers and entrepreneurs, but the required large amount of capital, involved high risks, and existing major hotel developers and operators that are dominating Finnish hotel markets are restricting and diminishing the opportunities for new hotel developments. As a result, there is no demand for hotel feasibility studies that are exploring the market, financial and investment feasibility of the hotel development. Consequently, feasibility studies have not become familiar within the hospitality business. Neither has even a pre- feasibility study that represents the curtailed version of the feasibility study.    The primary objective of this study is to investigate the financial and investment feasibility of a hotel development for Rutumi Manor. Primary objective derive from the reason that the hotel development is not planned to be executed in near future and therefore in depth market analysis would not be necessary yet, rather the amount of investment required. The secondary objective is to superficially explore the local market feasibility for Rutumi Manor hotel development. There is a proposed property where the hotel development is planned to take place. Rutumi Manor is a conference and events company in Lapinjärvi, which has been operating since 2001. Rutumi Manor organizes all the functions at their own completely renovated premises, which has history of over 200 years.    Thesis is a product- based thesis combined with a short quantitative research on competitors' performance. Thesis starts with the theoretical framework that includes clarification of the hotel development concept and the feasibility study concept. Theoretical framework is followed by the process of the project, Rutumi Manor pre- feasibility study for hotel development. Lastly, the Rutumi Manor pre- feasibility study for hotel development project is introduced with necessary calculation tables.    The primary objective of the study was achieved with positive and negative financial and investment feasibility results. Also, the secondary objective, curtailed market analysis, was achieved with positive results of the potential market demand. In addition, developed excel tables will enable the update of the financial and investment calculations, when the Rutumi Manor hotel development will be executed.
Rock music in performance
Launching new ventures : an entrepreneurial approach
Executive summary (s. 1-9).
Facilities planning and design
Supply chain focused manufacturing planning and control
Development of operations planning (Borealis - a case study)
Determinants of curriculum design and implementation in International Business studies : The case of Turku Polytechnic
Distributed algorithms
Coastal GTOS : strategic design and phase 1 implementation plan
Rutumi Manor pre-feasibility study for hotel development
Challenges in integration of CRM concepts, processes, and systems in the financial sector
Corporate performance management : ARIS in practice
Managing through measurement : a framework for successfull operative level performance measurement
When business meets culture : ideas and experiences for mutual profit
Five Key Principles of Corporate Performance Management
The design entrepreneur : turning graphic design into goods that sell
Implementing secure PHP and MySQL applications
Web content management : a collaborative approach
