http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13811 half board
half board
Child care policy at the crossroads : gender and welfare state restructuring
Sexually transmitted and other reproductive tract infections : a guide to essential practice
Responsible fatherhood : a narrative approach
Emergency care of the woman
Adult hemiplegia : evaluation and treatment
"From social silence to social science: same-sex sexuality, HIV & AIDS and gender in South Africa presents a unique and innovative effort to examine what we know about homosexual transmission of HIV and AIDS in South Africa. It reverses the trend whereby categories of same sex sexual practice are almost always excluded from research of HIV and AIDS, as well as from care and intervention programmes. The varied contributors (academics, activists and programme planners) draw attention to the risk behaviours and treatment needs of people who engage in homosexual sex, and explain why same-sex sexuality has to be seen as key within South African efforts to study, test and prevent HIV infection. Relevant to scholarly debates about HIV and AIDS, it is also essential reading for anyone involved in research, policymaking, advocacy and community development"--Publisher Website.
How do the social effects of ageing over the life course interact with gender, giving rise to changed gender roles and relationships? How do women's and men's sense of their identity change with increasing age? "Connecting Gender and Ageing" challenges the assumption that gender can be treated as static over the life course, highlighting the differential social effects of ageing on women's and men's roles, relationships and identity. The early chapters address the question of linking gender and age within sociological theory, outlining alternatives and introducing new ideas to integrate these two dimensions of social stratification. Contributors use a feminist perspective to explore the impact of ageing on gender roles in the workplace and in retirement; in marital and other relationships; in community support networks and in older women's own perceptions. A range of research approaches are used, including qualitative studies giving a voice to women. A concluding chapter draws out the implications of the book. A clear writing style and the inclusion of chapters from North America and Europe makes this book accessible to an international readership.
Systems of psychotherapy : a transtheoretical analysis
The 4-hour body : an uncommon guide to rapid fat-loss, incredible sex and becoming superhuman
New views on sexual health : the case of Finland
Sexually transmitted diseases : prevention and care in Finland
Epidemiological applications of quantitative serum NMR metabolomics : causal inference from observational studies
Families, labour markets and gender roles : a report on a European research workshop
The Palgrave handbook of gender and health care
Promoting healthy behaviour : practical guide for nursing and healthcare
School shootings and student performance
The best beekeeper of Lalibela : a tale from Africa
Love your lady landscape : trust your gut, care for 'down there' and reclaim your fierce and feminine SHE power
Endocrine function and growth in young patients with childhood- or adolescence-onset epilepsy
Domestic labour relations in India : Vulnerability and gendered life courses in Jaipur
Cardiovascular diseases are the leading cause of death worldwide and type 2 diabetes is reaching a global epidemic. Epidemiological studies have identified numerous risk factors and pharmacotherapies in relation to these cardiometabolic diseases. However, the detailed molecular mechanisms of these risk factors and drug therapies generally remain incompletely understood. Elucidating the underlying molecular effects would be essential for better understanding of the disease pathogenesis and also for discovering new therapeutic targets. Quantitative serum metabolomics, which allows for simultaneous quantification of multiple circulating metabolic measures, provides a hypothesis-free approach to systematically inspect the metabolic changes in response to endogenous and exogenous stimuli. Metabolomics thus presents a valuable tool to study the detailed molecular effects of disease risk factors and drug therapies. However, current metabolomics studies are mostly conducted in small cross-sectional studies and the causal relations of the risk factors on the metabolic measures are generally unclear, providing limited public health impact. The present thesis serves as a proof-of-concept to illustrate that well-designed observational studies can be used to infer causality. With the exemplars of assessing molecular effects of two risk factors (body mass index and sex hormone-binding globulin) and two drug therapies (statins and oral contraceptives), the thesis demonstrates that an improved causal inference can be achieved in observational studies via the combination of multiple study designs, including cross-sectional, longitudinal and Mendelian randomization analysis. This robust study design approach together with metabolomics data can be also extended to study the molecular effects of other risk factors and drug therapies. With an improved molecular understanding of a wide range of risk factors and therapies, better understanding of disease pathogenesis is ensured.
A guide to sexual and erectile dysfunction in men
Zits, glitz & body bits : every girl's guide to growing up from bodies and beauty to boys
Psychology : a biopsychosocial approach
Conduct disorder among girls: violent behaviour, suicidality and comorbidity:
a study of adolescent inpatients in Northern Finland
Intimate citizenships : gender, sexualities, politics
Gender and social inequities in health : a public health issue
Contemporary parenting : challenges and issues
Love Your Lady Landscape is a healing journey through the terrain of what it is to be a woman. When a woman isn't in alignment with her feminine essence, she may experience exhaustion and overwhelm, lack sexual desire or passion for life, and generally feel “out of sync”.
Women, health and medicine
From social silence to social science : same-sex sexuality, HIV & AIDS and gender in South Africa : conference proceedings
Gender perspectives on vocational education : historical, cultural and policy aspects
HIV/AIDS : the challenge for tertiary institutions in Namibia : proceedings of a workshop held from October 9th to 11th 2000, at Safari Hotel Court Cenference Centre, Windhoek, Namibia
Looking at gender and forestry : operational issues for project planners, implementors and administrators
Gender differences in mutual funds' perfomance : empirical research of Finnish mutual fund managers
English summary: Calling, serving, coping: sisters at the Orivesi leprosy hospital (1904-1953).
Operative treatment of genital prolapse
What makes women sick : gender and the political economy of health
Gynaecological nursing : a practical guide
The costs of children : parenting and democracy in contemporary Europe
Primary HIV/AIDS care : a practical guide for primary health care personnel in the clinical and supportive care of people with HIV/AIDS
Drop dead healthy : one man's humble quest for bodily perfection
Feminist and womanist pastoral theology
Metacarpophalangeal arthroplasty and partial wrist fusion as a surgical treatment in rheumatoid hand disease
Gender and the criminal justice system : 1992 : a Home Office publication under section 95 of the Criminal Justice Act 1991.
Gender and the professional predicament in nursing
Molecular epidemiology of sporadic breast cancer : the role of polymorphic genes involved in oestrogen biosynthesis and metabolism
The Spy next door
Connecting gender and ageing : a sosiological approach
Willingness to take financial risks in non-industrial private forestry : does gender matter?
Women, men and children in families : private troubles and public issues
Images of women's health : the social construction of gendered health
Politics of gender : a century of women's suffrage in Finland
Water and water management for everybody
Disorders of the anorectum and pelvic floor
Reconciliation of work and family life for men and women and the equality of care services : report on existing research in the European Union
Hospital mortality of intensive care patients in Finland : insights into prognostic factors and measuring outcomes
Power under the microscope
Gendered rural spaces
Men in caring occupations : doing gender differently
Gender perspectives on the formation of the professional field for caring and education of children
Principles and practice of sex therapy
Guidelines for the management of sexually transmitted infections
Beauty for sale : an empirical study of appearance-related consumption in Finland
The ethic of care and its development
Gendering citizenship in Western Europe : new challenges for citizenship research in a cross-national context
Access to healthcare and long-term care : equal for women and men? : final synthesis report
Cram101 textbook outlines to accompany Systems of psychotherapy : a tanstheoretical analysis [sic]
Nutrition and behavior of uncommon species
This is a collectively written, inter-disciplinary, thematic cross-national study which combines conceptual, theoretical, empirical and policy material in an ambitious and innovative way to explore a key concept in contemporary European political, policy and academic debates. The first part of the book clarifies the various ways that the concept of citizenship has developed historically and is understood today in a range of Western European welfare states. It elaborates on the contemporary framing of debates and struggles around citizenship. This provides a framework for three policy studies, looking at: migration and multiculturalism; the care of young children; and home-based childcare and transnational dynamics. The book is unusual in weaving together the topics of migration and childcare and in studying these issues together within a gendered citizenship framework. It also demonstrates the value of a multi-level conceptualisation of citizenship, stretching from the domestic sphere through the national and European levels to the global. The book is aimed at students of social policy, sociology, European studies, women's studies and politics and at researchers/scholars/policy analysts in the areas of: citizenship; gender; welfare states; and, migration.
Gender differences in the occurrence, prognosis and risk factor control of cardiovascular disease
Sexually transmitted infections : nursing care and management
Statin adherence and its effect on cost-effectiveness in the prevention of cardiovascular events
Clothing and its social, psychological, cultural and environmental aspects : proceedings of a symposium of textiles, clothing and craft design, Helsinki, May 18-20, 1995
Gender, physical activity and aging
Hospital treatment as an indicator of coping among asthmatics.
Parental leave for fathers? : gendered conceptions and practices in families with young children in Finland
The shoulder in hemiplegia
Abstract.
ABC of urology
Right in the middle : selective trunk activity in the treatment of adult hemiplegia
Agentive responsibility and possibilities of conjoined therapy for intimate relationship violence
Fathers as primary caregivers
Steps to follow : a guide to the treatment of adult hemiplegia
The natural health bible for women : the complete guide for women of all ages
Dental fear among adults in Finland
Reduced emissions from deforestation and forest degradation gender analysis of REDD+ and its potential impact on community resources system : case of Angai Villages Land Forest Reserve, Tanzania
A history of nursing ideas
Halving it all : how equally shared parenting works
"Lesley Doyal has done it again! By making a political, cross-cultural analysis the core of every topic she covers, she makes us change the way we think about and act on critical issues in women's health. Students in public health and in women studies will find this intelligent, accessible book a unique and enlightening resource." --Nancy Worcester, University of Wisconsin-Madison, and National Women's Health Network What makes women sick? To an Ecuadorean woman, it's nervios from constant worry about her children's illnesses. To a woman working in a New Mexico electronics factory, it's the solvents that leave her with a form of dementia. To a Ugandan woman, it's HIV from her husband's sleeping with the widow of an AIDS patient. To a Bangladeshi woman, it's a fatal infection following an IUD insertion. What they all share is a recognition that their sickness is somehow caused by situations they face every day at home and at work. In this clearly written and compelling book, Lesley Doyal investigates the effects of social, economic, and cultural conditions on women's health. The "fault line" of gender that continues to divide all societies has, Doyal demonstrates, profound and pervasive consequences for the health of women throughout the world. Her broad synthesis highlights variations between men and women in patterns of health and illness, and it identifies inequalities in medical care that separate groups of women from each other. Doyal's wide-ranging arguments, her wealth of data, her use of women's voices from many cultures--and her examples of women mobilizing to find their own solutions--make this book required reading for everyone concerned with women's health.
This volume responds to the need to extend the theory of citizenship, in order to bridge the gap between the public and the private sphere. Through the application of intersectional methodology, the authors document how people's most private decisions and practices are intertwined with public institutions and state policies. The stories of intimate citizenship included in this volume make the theoretical discussion more palpable. Situated perspectives, as well as application of theoretical concepts to lived experience, extend citizenship's territory beyond the conventional public sphere and locate it at the intersection of many axes of social, political, and cultural stratification.
