http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13876 comedy films
comedy films
Television sitcom
King of California
The life of Moliére
Scary movie 2
Aristophanes and his tragic muse : comedy, tragedy and the polis in 5th century Athens
Sherman's way
A Detroit dinosaur for a million bucks : metonymic nature and ideology of humour in the Finnish subtitles of an American situation comedy
That touch of mink
Saving Grace = Pelastakaa Grace
Bossypants
Some like it hot : the official 50th anniversary companion
Monty Python's flying circus : Michael Palin's personal best
River of no return
Veljekset mcmullen = The brothers mcmullen
The rough guide to British cult comedy
Writing television comedy
An anthology of four Elizabethan and Jacobean comedies in fully modernized and annotated texts, demonstrating the range and variety of English Renaissance comedy. Each play is prefaced by a brief introduction addressing issues of authorship, theatrical provenance and subsequent performance history.
State and main : tienristeyksessä
Mr. Bean : 10 years : my special anniversary
Laurel and Hardy : the magic behind the movies
Singin' in the rain
The taming of the shrew
Theories of comedy
Laughing awry : Plautus and tragicomedy
Slapstick! : the illustrated history of knockabout comedy
Pitbullterje : a kind of Christmas story
Farce
The Robin Williams scrapbook
Dyscolus
Funny Ladies : the women who make us laugh
Tartuffe : comedy in five acts, 1669
Shakespeare's comedies : a very short introduction
Monty Python's flying circus : Graham Chapman's personal best
The television genre book
Seriously...I'm kidding
Twelfth night
Satyric play : the evolution of Greek comedy and Satyr drama
Honk me to bonk me : subtitling of language-play in the TV sitcom Green Wing
Romantic comedy in Hollywood from Lubitsch to Sturges
New Hollywood : der amerikanische Film nach 1968 : the American film after 1968
Born standing up : a comic's life
Plautus and Roman slavery
The comedies of Terence
Scary movie
Wasps
To wit : skin and bones of comedy
Genre screenwriting : how to write popular screenplays that sell
The comic mind : comedy and the movies
The Birds and other plays
Belushi : a biography
Jack and Jill vs the world
Writing comedy : a guide to scriptwriting for TV, radio, film and stage
A national joke : popular comedy and English cultural identity
A midsummer night's dream
The Bling ring
"Don't tell me you got into the wrong room" : elements of farce in P. G. Wodehouse's Jeeves & Wooster novels
Wilde comedies : Lady Windermere's fan, A woman of no importance, An ideal husband, The importance of being earnest
Comedy
Stan and Ollie : the roots of comedy : the double life of Laurel and Hardy
Stand off
Comedy : an introduction to comedy in literature, drama and cinema
Falling in love again : romantic comedy in contemporary cinema
Reading Roman comedy : poetics and playfulness in Plautus and Terence
The art of comedy writing
Diaries 1969-1979 : the Python years
Molière : reasoning with fools
Amphitrvo
Ingenious
The Simpsons movie
Cary Grant : comedy and male desire
Terms of abuse in Roman comedy
Sins of the fathers : moral economies in early modern Spain
Reproducing Athens : Menander's comedy, democratic culture, and the Hellenistic city
The very best of Frasier : fifteen of the finest Frasier scripts
The big white
Jane : based upon an original story by W. Somerset Maugham
"Athenian comedy is firmly entrenched in the classical canon, but imperial authors debated, dissected and redirected comic texts, plots and language of Aristophanes, Menander, and their rivals in ways that reflect the non-Athenocentric, pan-Mediterranean performance culture of the imperial era. Although the reception of tragedy beyond its own contemporary era has been studied, the legacy of Athenian comedy in the Roman world is less well understood. This volume offers the first expansive treatment of the reception of Athenian comedy in the Roman Empire. These engaged and engaging studies examine the lasting impact of classical Athenian comic drama. Demonstrating a variety of methodologies and scholarly perspectives, sources discussed include papyri, mosaics, stage history, epigraphy and a broad range of literature such as dramatic works in Latin and Greek, including verse satire, essays, and epistolary fiction"--
Menander in antiquity : the contexts of reception
Funny business : the craft of comedy writing
"Genre is central to understanding the industrial context and visual form of television. This new edition of the key textbook on television genre brings together leading international scholars to provide an accessible and comprehensive introduction to the debates, issues and concerns of the field. Structured in eleven sections, The television genre book introduces the concept of 'genre' itself and how it has been understood in television studies, and then addresses the main televisual genres in turn: drama, soap opera, comedy, news, documentary, reality television, children's television, animation and popular entertainment." -- Back cover.
Midnight in Paris
Writing humor : giving a comedic touch to all forms of writing
What are you laughing at? : how to write funny screenplays, stories, & more
Tragedy and comedy
Measure for measure
For many years the domain of specialists in early Latin, in complex metres, and in the reconstruction of texts, Roman comedy has only recently begun to establish itself in the mainstream of Classical literary criticism. Where most recent books stress the original performance as the primary location for the encountering of the plays, this book finds the locus of meaning and appreciation in the activity of a reader, albeit one whose manner of reading necessarily involves the imaginative reconstruction of performance. The texts are treated, and celebrated, as literary devices, with programmatic beginnings, middles, ends, and intertexts. All the extant plays of Plautus and Terence have at least a bit part in this book, which seeks to expose the authors' fabulous artificiality and artifice, while playing along with their differing but interrelated poses of generic humility.
The best exotic Marigold Hotel
Mr. Bean
The complete works of William Shakespeare
An American comedy
Magic in the moonlight
Improvisation for actors and writers : a guidebook for improv lessons in comedy
The frogs and other plays
Sounds like a fun party : the use and functions of verbal irony in the situation comedy Friends
Writing the romantic comedy : how to craft a screenplay that will sell
Politics and the American television comedy : a critical survey from I love Lucy through South Park
John Liston, comedian
Comedy incarnate : Buster Keaton, physical humor, and bodily coping
English stage comedy
The court of comedy : Aristophanes, rhetoric, and democracy in fifth-century Athens
Speaking of sex
Eupolis : Heilotes - Chrysoun genos (frr. 147-325)
Focus on Chaplin
Laughing feminism : subversive comedy in Frances Burney, Maria Edgeworth, and Jane Austen
Silent comedy
Monty Python's the meaning of life
The Good guy
Jesus and Brian : exploring the historical Jesus and his times via Monty Python's Life Of Brian
Seriously--I'm kidding
Tears of laughter : comedy-drama in 1990s British cinema
Comedy writing
Monty Python speaks : the complete oral history of Monty Python, as told by the founding members and a few of their many friends and collaborators
Aristophanes : in three volumes. 2, The peace ; The birds ; The frogs
Mr Bean : Eight amazing adventures. number 1
Athenian comedy in the Roman Empire
Ricky 1 : Heart to win
The Library Shakespeare. Vol. I, Comedies
Good luck Chuck
Hemmo hortoilee
The Hollywood romantic comedy : covent and controversies
Pumpkin cinema : the best movies for Halloween
Transfigurements : on the true sense of art
Aristophanes : in three volumes. 1, The Acharnians ; The Knights ; The Clouds ; The Wasps
Monty Python's flying circus : Terry Gilliam's personal best
Ruby Sparks
The tempest
Chaplin : genesis of a clown
Nonsense and meaning in ancient Greek comedy
Monty Python live!
Plautus' Amphitruo is the sole specimen of mythological burlesque in ancient comedy to come down to us in nearly complete form. This sex farce delighted Roman audiences and readers for centuries and continues to inspire adaptations to this day. Dr Christenson utilizes recent work in performance criticism in conjunction with traditional philological analysis to provide new insights into the play in performance. The edition aims to recover the essence of Plautine spectacle from the most concrete details of staging to the complex performative dynamics played out among the actors themselves and the actors and the audience. Included in the Introduction is an account of the mythic and dramatic background to Plautus' play as well as of its influence in post-classical drama. Plautus' metres are explained in a manner students will find helpful and instructive.
The great white Hype : tyrmäävä komedia
Monty Python's flying circus : John Cleese's personal best
Writing television sitcoms
The Groucho phile : an illustrated life
Keaton : the silent features close up
Easy A
Trust the man
Film comedy
The power of laughter : comedy and contemporary Irish theatre
Fatal instinct
