http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13870 volcanology
volcanology
Introducing volcanology : a guide to hot rocks
A dictionary of earth sciences
Volcanism in Hawaii
Volcanic textures : a guide to the interpretation of textures in volcanic rocks
Volcanoes of Europe
Magmas, rocks and planetary development : a survey of magma / igneous rock systems
Understanding earth
Watching Vesuvius : a history of science and culture in early modern Italy
Volcanic landforms and surface features : a photographic atlas and glossary
"Understanding the physical behavior of volcanoes is key to mitigating the hazards active volcanoes pose to the ever-increasing populations living nearby. The processes involved in volcanic eruptions are driven by a series of interlinked physical phenomena, and to fully understand these, volcanologists must employ various physics subdisciplines. This book provides the first advanced-level, one-stop resource examining the physics of volcanic behavior and reviewing the state-of-the-art in modeling volcanic processes. Each chapter begins by explaining simple modeling formulations and progresses to present cutting-edge research illustrated by case studies. Individual chapters cover subsurface magmatic processes through to eruption in various environments and conclude with the application of modeling to understanding the other volcanic planets of our Solar System. Providing an accessible and practical text for graduate students of physical volcanology, this book is also an important resource for researchers and professionals in the fields of volcanology, geophysics, geochemistry, petrology and natural hazards"--
On the petrology and mineralogy of some alkalien volcanic rocks of Toror Hills, MT, Moroto, and Morulinga in Karamoja, Northeastern Uganda
Volcanism at the tip of a propagating rift : the Heimaey volcanic centre, South Iceland
Fundamentals of physical volcanology
A classification of igneous rocks and glossary of terms : recommendations of the International union of geological sciences subcommission on the systematics of igneous rocks
Palaeoproterozoic basic igneous events in Eastern Fennoscandian shield between 2.45 Ga and 1.97 Ga : studied by means of mafic dyke swarms and ophiolites in Finland
Trace element geochemistry of volcanic rocks : applications for massive sulphide exploration
What does it take for a volcanic eruption to really shake the world? Did volcanic eruptions extinguish the dinosaurs, or help humans to evolve, only to decimate their populations with a super-eruption 73,000 years ago? Did they contribute to the ebb and flow of ancient empires, the French Revolution and the rise of fascism in Europe in the 19th century? These are some of the claims made for volcanic cataclysm. Volcanologist Clive Oppenheimer explores rich geological, historical, archaeological and palaeoenvironmental records (such as ice cores and tree rings) to tell the stories behind some of the greatest volcanic events of the past quarter of a billion years.
Volcanic-associated massive sulfide deposits: processes and examples in modern and ancient settings : in cooperation with the Mineral deposit Division (MDD) of the Geological Association of Canada (GAC)
What is a volcano?
Encyclopedia of volcanoes
Palaeoproterozoic basic igneous events in Eastern Fennoscandian Shield between 2.45 and 1.97 Ga : studied by means of mafic dyke swarms and ophiolites in Finland
Bulletin of volcanology
Glaciers, ice sheets and volcanoes : a tribute to Mark F. Meier
Plates, plumes, and paradigms
Volcaniclastic rocks, from magmas to sediments
An island on fire : the extraordinary story of Laki, the forgotten volcano that turned eighteenth-century Europe dark
Abstract. - Samenvatting. - Resumen.
Modeling volcanic processes : the physics and mathematics of volcanism
Volcanoes : fire from the earth
The encyclopedia of earthquakes and volcanoes
Uplift and volcanism of the SE Colombian Andes in relation to neogene sedimentation in the Upper Magdalena Valley
Melting the earth : the history of ideas on volcanic eruptions
Submarine volcanism and mineralization : modern through ancient
Eruptions that shook the world
Seismic activity related to the 1991 Hekla eruption, Iceland
Volcanological and environmental studies of Mount Erebus, Antarctica
An island on fire : the extraordinary story of Laki, the volcano that turned eighteenth-century Europe dark
The Icelandic University Library and its connection with research
