http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13848 tree species
tree species
Trees of the Western Pacific region : descriptions of some of the common and readily accessible trees of southeast Asia bordering on the Pacific Ocean and South China Sea, and of the islands of the western Pacific; including local and native names, occurrence, descriptions of the trees and characteristics of their woods
Role of zinc, carbohydrate reserves, and soil properties in the vegetative reproduction of Aspen
Nomenclature of East African timbers
Ecological investigations upon the germination and early growth of forest trees
The red list of maples
Western Forest Genetics Association proceedings : 1965, Olympia Washington, December 6-7, 1965.
Standard nomenclature of the exportabe timbers of the Asia-Pacific region
Using airborne laser scanning data and digital aerial photographs to estimate growing stock by tree species
Field guide to the moist forest trees of Tanzania
Field guide to trees and shrubs of Britain and Europe
Timbers of the New World
The long, long life of trees
Trees : an illustrated identifier and encyclopedia
Trees of Britain
The comparative ease and speed of international trade and travel have enabled or enhanced the spread of pests around the globe. For example, trade in ornamental plants has bolstered the spread of alien Oomycetes such as pathogenic species of Phytophthora. To date, four Phytophthora species have been identified in Finland: P. cactorum on Fragaria x ananassa, Betula pendula and Rhododendron spp., P. plurivora on Rhododendron spp. and Syringa vulgaris, and P. pini and P. ramorum on Rhododendron spp. The ascomycete Colletotrichum acutatum, which was listed as a quarantine pathogen by the European Union until 2009, was introduced in 2000 and can survive in plant debris over two winters in Finland. Positive PCR results have also been obtained from bait plants grown in soil collected from locations where diseased Fragaria x ananassa plants had earlier been destroyed. In the mid-1990s, there was an epidemic of foliar rust caused by the Asian basidiomycete Melampsoridium hiratsukanum on Alnus glutinosa and A. incana. Recently, two ascomycetes that have been introduced are Dothistroma septosporum (responsible for red band needle blight on Pinus sylvestris) and Chalara fraxinea (causing ash decline on Fraxinus excelsior).
Trees in the 21st century : based on the First International Arboricultural Conference sponsored by the Arboricultural Association in conjunction with the Interna- tional Association of Arboriculture
Experimental evidence for associational resistance against the European pine sawfly in mixed tree stands
Seed health problems in tropical forest tree seeds and their impact on seedling production
Tree species identification in aerial image data using directional reflectance signatures
Relation of tree-ring width and earlywood vessel size of alien Quercus rubra L. with climatic factors in Latvia
The effect of climatic factors on wood anatomy of the alien red oak (Quercus rubra L.) growing in three experimental plantations in Latvia was assessed by classical dendrochronological techniques. Two tree-ring proxies - tree-ring width (TRW) and mean area of earlywood vessel lumen (VLA) - were studied on 33 trees. Annual variation of TRW amongst trees was similar (mean r = 0.46), but there was more individuality in VLA (mean r = 0.26); nevertheless, chronologies of both proxies had rather synchronous variation amongst the sites. Annual variation of TRW was affected by factors related to water deficit in late summer, as suggested by the negative effect of temperature and positive effect of precipitation that have intensified during the 20th century, likely due to warming. Although weather conditions during the dormant period did not directly affect TRW, temperature during the autumn-spring period has been the main climatic determinant of VLA likely via influence on overwintering and hence vigour of tree. This suggests that conductive properties of wood and hence the susceptibility to water deficit have been affected by weather conditions before the formation of tree rings. During the 20th century, sensitivity of VLA has shifted from temperature in winter to temperature in autumn likely due to climate change. Still, the positive effect of these factors suggests that warming of climate would increase VLA and hence the risk of embolism and xylem disfunction. Therefore, the importance of availability of water for growth of red oak in Latvia is increasing..
Guide to southern trees
The silviculture of Indian trees. 1, Dilleniaceae, Magnoliaceae, Annonaceae, Capparaceae, Bixaceae, Cochlospermaceae, Flacourtiaceae, Tamaricaceae, Guttiferae, Theaceae, Malvaceae
Timbers of West Africa
Lives of conifers : a comparative account of the coniferous trees
International Dendrology Society 1952-2002
The illustrated book of trees : a visual guide to more than 250 species
The pines and firs of Japan
Increment and mortality for major forest species of northern Eurasia with variable growing stock
Getting the most from your wood-buying bucks
Guide to the National Pinetum and forest plots at Bedgebury
National Wildlife Federation field guide to trees of North America
Tree species classification with multiple source remote sensing data
A little guide to trees
Analyzing the effects of inventory errors on holding-level forest plans : the case of measurement error in the basal area of the dominated tree species
Identifying trees : an all-season guide to Eastern North America
"Since the beginnings of history trees have served humankind in countless useful ways, but our relationship with trees has many dimensions beyond mere practicality. Trees are so entwined with human experience that diverse species have inspired their own stories, myths, songs, poems, paintings, and spiritual meanings. Some have achieved status as religious, cultural, or national symbols.  In this beautifully illustrated volume Fiona Stafford offers intimate, detailed explorations of seventeen common trees, from ash and apple to pine, oak, cypress, and willow. The author also pays homage to particular trees, such as the fabled Ankerwyke Yew, under which Henry VIII courted Anne Boleyn, and the spectacular cherry trees of Washington, D.C. Stafford discusses practical uses of wood past and present, tree diseases and environmental threats, and trees' potential contributions toward slowing global climate change. Brimming with unusual topics and intriguing facts, this book celebrates trees and their long, long lives as our inspiring and beloved natural companions"--
Traditional woodland crafts : A practical guide
A brief survey of selected woody species of North Korea (D.P.R.K.)
The friendly evergreens : by L. L. Kumlien
Manual of the trees of North America
The  trees of Britain and Northern Europe
Trees and shrubs of New Zealand
Silviculture and ecology of western U.S. forests
Firewood crops : shrub and tree species for energy production : report of an Ad Hoc Panel of the Advisory Committee on Technology Innovation
Woodworking technology
Familiar trees in Sri Lanka
Cone-bearing trees of the Pacific coast
New Holland concise tree guide
World woods in color
Be more tree : a journey of wisdom, symbols, healing and renewal
A forest classification for the maritime provinces
Estimating species-specific diameter distributions and saw log recoveries of boreal forests from airborne laser scanning data and aerial photographs : a distribution-based approach
The pocket guide to trees of Britain and Northern Europe
Familiar trees : with coloured plates & illustrations from photographis
Survival, height growth and damages of Siberian (Larix sibirica Ledeb.) and Dahurian (Larix gmelinii Rupr.) larch provenances in field trials located in southern and northern Finland
Comparative anatomy of the woods of the Meliaceae, sub-family Swietenioideae
Morphological and biological properties of Betula oycoviensis Bess., Betula verrucosa Ehrh., and their hybrid
Identification of hardwoods : a microscope key
Biomass and stem volume equations for tree species in Europe
Trees of the eastern United States and Canada : their woodcraft and wildlife uses
Identifying wood : the new compact study guide and identifier
Timbers used in the musical instruments industry : a survey
Trees of Britain and Europe : photographic field guide
Ancient trees : trees that live for 1000 years
Introduction to microscopic wood identification
The illustrated guide to trees : a visual guide more than 250 species
The reproductive cycles of true firs
Calliandra, a versatile small tree for the humid tropics : report of an ad hoc panel of the Advisory Committee on Technology Innovation, Board on Science and Technology for International Development, Office of International Affairs, National Research Council, in cooperation with the Perhum Perhutani, Jakarta, Indonesia
Pocket check list of timber trees
Northwest trees : [identifying and understanding the regions native trees]
The cultivation of Mexican pines in the Union of South Africa, with notes on the species and their original habitat
Lowland tropical hardwoods : an annotated bibliography of selected species with plantation potential
Effects of precommercial thinning strategies on stand structure and growth in a mixed even-aged stand of Scots pine, Norway spruce and birch in southern Sweden
Data book on endangered forest tree species and provenances
Individual tree measurements by means of digital aerial photogrammetry
The planting design handbook
Wood : identification & use
The wood handbook
Conifers for gardens : an illustrated encyclopedia
Trees : a guide to familiar American trees
Visakoivu = Curly birch
Regeneration ecology and woody species diversity in the remnant natural forest at Wondo Genet, Ethiopia : potential for landscape restoration
"This title features clear, accessible, informative text from the subject's leading experts, with 800 artworks and photographs. It features stunning visual profiles of each tree that illustrate details of bark, branches, shoots, leaves, needles, buds, flowers, cones, nuts and fruits, as well as changes through the seasons. It includes over 600 examples, from beech, oak, larch, lime and hornbeam to exotic fruit trees such as mango and breadfruit. This wonderful encyclopedia explains what a tree is, how it lives, grows and dies, and how its constituent parts - the buds, branches, flowers, leaves, roots, cones, fruit and bark - all play their role in its life-cycle. An identifier section covers trees of the tropics and trees of the temperate world, and includes over 600 examples, from lofty conifers and stately deciduous broadleaf trees to elegant palms and exotic flowering trees." / WorldCat.
The book of trees
Trees in Britain : an illustrated guide
Fuel conditions and fire behavior characteristics of managed Picea abies and Pinus sylvestris forests in Finland
Photosynthesis, CO2 and temperature : an approach to analyse the constrains to acclimation of trees to increasing CO2 concentration
Timbers of the world.... 8, Australasia
Tree flora of Sabah and Sarawak. Vol. 1
Timber press pocket guide to palms
Check-lists of the forest trees and shrubs of the British Empire. No. 4, Draft of first descriptive check-list for Ceylon
Timbers of the Philippines. Vol 1
Alien pest species in agriculture and horticulture in Finland
Timbers of South East Asia
Present and potential commercial timbers of The Caribbean with special reference to The West Indies, The Guianas and British Honduras
Introduced pathogens found on ornamentals, strawberry and trees in Finland over the past 20 years
Forests and forestry
Field guide to trees of Southern Africa
A landscape-level species strategy for forest management in British Columbia : exploration of development and implementation issues
American woods
Report to the Government of Uganda : Performance of indigenous and exotic trees in species trials
The red list of oaks
Trees of the world
Himalayan flowers and trees
Guide to trees of Britain and Europe
Working in wood : the illustrated manual of tools methods, materials and classic constructions
Recognition of tree species on aerial photographs
A handbook of Kerala timbers
Woodwork : the complete step-by-step manual
Lime-trees and basswoods : a biological monograph of the genus Tilia
A field guide to the forest trees of Brunei Darussalam and the northwest Borneo hotspot. Vol. 1
Broadleaves in Britain : future management and research : proceedings of a symposium held at the University of Technology, Loughborough 7 - 9 July, 1982
Comparison of approaches to integrate energy wood estimation into the Finnish compartment inventory system
Trees of Arizona field guide
Ecology of species living on dead wood : lessons for dead wood management
Nursery pest problems on some native tree species in Kerala province, India
Trees : a handbook of forest-botany for the woodlands and the laboratory. Vol. 1, Buds and twigs
Trees and forests of western United States
Identification of softwoods by their mictorcopic structure
Four different management strategies were applied to a young mixed stand of Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris L.), Norway spruce (Pices abies (L.) Karst.) and birch (Betula pendula Roth and Betula pubescens Ehrh.) in southern Sweden. All strategies included an initial precommercial thinning to ca. 2400 stems ha-1. The different aims were: (i) a conifer-dominated stand with focus on high productivity; (ii) a conifer-dominated stand with high quality timber; (iii) keeping a stem-wise species mixture; (iv) a mosaic-wise species mixture. Stem selection according to the different strategies were simulated with a starting point from plots with a 5 m radius. All strategies were applied to all of the plots. A growth simulator was used to simulate the stand development up to final felling. This study illustrates the possibilities for influencing the structure of a mixed stand through precommercial thinning. The study also illustrates the long-term effects on stand structure and volume yield by consequently applying a management strategy from precommercial thinning until final felling. Precommercial thinning was found to be a useful tool to influence the stand structure in accordance to the aims set. However, the opportunities for influencing the stand by precommercial thinning were restricted by natural settings and unconditional considerations (e.g. tree vitality, stem quality, regular spacing), beyond what could be judged from stand average data. The stem volume production during a rotation was 6% lower for (iii) and (iv) compared to (i) and (ii), mainly due to a greater proportion of birch in the former strategies..
Tropical timbers of the world
Forest trees of the Pacific slope
Trees of Britain and Europe
Japanese forestry and its implications
An illustrated guide to maples
The illustrated encyclopedia of trees
Bonsai : a patient art : the Bonsai Collection of the Chicago Botanic Garden
Exotic tree species in Iceland
Summary.
The probability of moose damage at the stand level in southern Finland
Exotic forest trees in the British Commonwealth
Methods for preparing yield tables
Phenology, growth, and flower and cone production of 154 Douglas fir trees : on the University Research Forest as influenced by climate and fertilizer, 1957-1967
A brief survey of selected woody species of North Korea (D.P.R.K.). 2
Trees that shape the world
The native trees of Florida
Colonial timbers
Effect of species composition on economic return in amixed stand of Norway spruce and Scots Pine
Wisdom of trees
Firefly encyclopedia of trees
Trees and forests : a colour guide : biology, pathology, propagation, silviculture, surgery, biomes, ecology, conservation
Collins good wood guide
The wood worker's pocket palette : instant, practical, visual guidance on mixing and matching stains and other wood finishes
Effects of pollution on the genetic structure of forest tree populations : proceedings of the meeting held in Rome, April 3, 1990
Tropical timber ATLAS : includes timbers exported from Japan. Part 2, Asia, Australasia
Dead-wood-associated aphyllophoroid fungi : perspectives on the diversity, ecology and conservation biology of species and their habitats
Arboretum - friendship park / text and photo: Eija Välimäki ; translation: Johanna Suokas
The hidden life of trees : what they feel, how they communicate : discoveries from a secret world
Pinus radiata : growth and economics
A portable apparatus for estimating stomatal aperture in conifers
The woodworkers visual handbook : from standards to styles, from tools to techniques : the ultimate guide to every phase of woodworking
American trees : a book of discovery
Trees & shrubs of the Okavango Delta : medicinal uses and nutritional value
Forest trees of Australia
Wood for woodturners
Willows : the genus Salix
Trees of Britain and northern Europe
Trees of the Eastern and Central United States and Canada
Contributions on Eucalypts in Israel. 3.
Indonesian wood atlas. Volume 1
Proceedings of the seventeenth meeting of the Canadian tree improvement association, part 2 : symposium on tree improvement in the boreal forest : today and tomorrow
British-grown timber and timber trees : being a concise description of each species, together with notes as to their value for ornamental and economic planting, including an account of the soils suited to their cultivation, the uses to which the timber is applied, the current value of the wood, etc
Annotated bibliography of walnut : supplement no. 1
Enjoy trees : a simple guide to some of the trees and shrubs found in Nepal /c by Adrian and Jimmie Storrs
The fight to save the redwoods : a history of environmental reform, 1917-1978
Common trees
Tropical trees and shrubs : a selection for urban plantings
A handbook for field identification of fifty important timbers of India
Trees & shrubs for English plantations : a selection and description of the most ornamental trees and shrubs, native and foreign, which will flourish in the open air in our climate, with classified lists of the several species, under the heads of size and habit, peculiarities of foliage and flowers, season of blooming, soils, situation, etc. for the purposes of practical application
Timbers of South America
Elsevier's wood dictionary in seven languages : English/American, French, Spanish, Italian, Swedish, Dutch and German. Vol. 1, Commercial and botanical nomenclature of world-timbers sources of supply
The commercial timbers of Tanzania
Global forest : 40 ways trees can save us
Trees of Wisconsin field guide
The pine trees of Europe : with detailed notices of the natural history, culture, and exploitation, of the Pinus silvestris in Spain, France, Germany, Denmark, Norway, Sweden, Finland, and Russia
Furniture woods : the study collection, mak.frankfurt
Anticipating the variance of predicted stand volume and timber assortments with respect to stand characteristics and field measurements
The genus Heliocarpus
New England trees in winter
Myxomycete species richness and community composition on the forest floor and decaying wood
Asian furniture : a directory and sourcebook
Trees and their story
Trees : an Explore Your World handbook
The illustrated encyclopedia of trees of the Americas
A field guide to forest trees of Northern Thailand
Relation between soil properties and tree species composition in a Scots pine-Norway spruce stand in southern Finland
