http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13832 ocean bottom
ocean bottom
Tropical deep-sea benthos. Volume 25
Submarine geology
Feasibility of disposal of high-level radioactive waste into the seabed. Vol. 6, Deep-sea biology, biological processes and radiobiology
New techniques in sediment core analysis
Under the sea
Executive summary (s. 7-10). Conclusions and recommendations (s. 152-158).
Intercomparison of sediment sampling devices using artificial radionuclides in Baltic Sea sediments : the Mossie report
The sea-beach at ebb-tide : a guide to the study of the seaweeds and the lower animal life found between tide-marks
A three dimensional modeling of suspended particulate matter dynamics in the Bohai Sea
Seafloor geomorphology as benthic habitat : geohab atlas of seafloor geomorphic features and benthic habitats
North Sea zoobenthos - reported from the vicinity of oil plattforms : term list ZB version 930309-GUZ
Distributions of heavy metals in sediments of the Gulf of Riga, Baltic Sea
Top dive sites of the Indian Ocean : [95 of the Indian Ocean's most exciting and challenging dive sites]
Philip's atlas of the oceans
Management and conservation of marine resources : training programme : 16 July - 17 August 1990. Course volume 5.
Summary (s. 9-13). Conclusions and perspectives (s. 196-206).
Geochemistry of marine sediments
Seashore
Back-arc spreading systems : geological, biological, chemical, and physical interactions
Feasibility of disposal of high-level radioactive waste into the seabed. Vol. 3, Geoscience characterization studies
Small powers at sea : Scandinavia and the new international marine order
Ecology of marine sediments : from science to management
Dive to adventure  : exploring the world's best known wrecks
Western Barents Sea : bathymetry
The undersea network
Executive summary (s. 8-10). Conclusions and recommendations for additional investigations (s. 235-254).
Atlas siedlisk dna polskich obszarów morskich : waloryzacja przyrodnicza siedlisk morskich = Atlas of polish marine area bottom habitats : environmental valorization of marine habitats
Interpreting marine benthic ecosystem functioning in coastal waters : validating the biological trait concept
Egypt's sunken treasures
Benthic resting eggs in the life cycles of calanoid copepods in the northern Baltic Sea
Summary (s. 5-8).
Submarine prehistoric archaeology of the North Sea : research priorities and collaboration with industry
Distribution of heavy metals in recent sediments in the Arch ipelago Sea of southwestern Finland
The art and technique of underwater photography
Sea cliffs and rocky coastlines : life between clifts and saltiness
Feasibility of disposal of high-level radioactive waste into the seabed. Vol. 4, Engineering
Feasibility of disposal of high-level radioactive waste into the seabed. Vol. 7, Review of laboratory investigations of radionuclide migration through deep-sea sediments
Common heritage or common burden? : the United States position on the development of a regime for deep sea-bed mining in the law of the sea convention
Sea-bed mineral resource development
The influence of taxonomic diversity on the resistance to and recovery from hypoxia in a hard-bottom community
Ocean : a children's encyclopedia
Dynamics of sediment phosphorus in the brackish Gulf of Finland
Late-Weichselian - Flandrian depositional history of the Archipelago Sea, northern Baltic Sea
Magic of the big blue : secrets of the oceans
Marine geophysical and sedimentological investigation of Limestone Reef and adjacent seafloor off Durban, South Africa
The effects of catchment-driven disturbances on the geochemistry of lacustrine and marine bottom sediments in Finland
Feasibility of disposal of high-level radioactive waste into the seabed. Vol. 2, Radiological assessment
The floor of the sea : Maurice Ewing and the search to understand the earth
The small scale patchiness of a northern Baltic Sea Fucus vesiculosus (L.) population
Ant[h]ropogenic impact on recent sediment in Jätkäsaari harbour basin, Helsinki, Finland : a comparison with the geochemistry of unpolluted glacial clay
The continental drift controversy. Vol. 3, Introduction of seafloor spreading
Sound underwater images : a guide to the generation and interpretation of side scan sonar data
Marine geology : exploring the new frontiers of the ocean
Sea-bed mineral resource development : recent activities of the international consortia
Tropical deep-sea benthos. Volume 27
Benthic-pelagic coupling in the northern Baltic Sea : importance of bioturbation and benthic predation
The floors of the oceans : 1. the North Atlantic : text to accompany the physiographic diagram of the North Atlantic
Ocean drilling program : technical video 1.
Dead tomorrow
Geology of continental slopes
The adventures of uncle Lubin
The constitutional characteristics of the area as the common heritage of mankind
Management and conservation of marine resources : training programme : 16 July - 17 August 1990. Course volume 3.
Macroalgal defenses against herbivory : causes and consequensces of intraspecific variation
Operative methods for mapping and monitoring phytobenthic zone biodiversity in the Baltic Sea : II report of the PHYTOBIOS project
The law of the sea : current problems
Feasibility of disposal of high-level radioactive waste into the seabed. Vol. 5, Dispersal of radionuclides in the oceans : models, data sets and regional descriptions
A shell for seahorse
Holocene sedimentary environment and sediment geochemistry of the Eastern Gulf of Finland, Baltic Sea
International maritime boundaries. Volume 4
The earth beneath the sea
See under the sea
Executive summary (s. 7-8).
Organic carbon and humic substances in the marine environment
Ocean ridges and trenches
The sea floor : an introduction to marine geology
The quest for Noah's flood = Vedenpaisumuksen jäljillä
Geomorphological and sedimentological features of the Bothnian Bay
Executive summary (s. 6-10). Summary and conclusions (s. 401-409).
Feasibility of disposal of high-level radioactive waste into the seabed. Vol. 8, Review of processes near a buried waste canister
Ocean : an illustrated atlas
Ocean atlas of Korea : East Sea
From manganese nodules to lunar regolith : a comparative legal study of utilization of the natural resources in deep seabed and outer space
Underwater biotopes in Väinameri and Kõpu area, western Estonia
An introduction to the world's oceans
Options to mitigate bottom habitat impact of dragged gears
Seafloor atlas of the northern Norwegian-Greenland Sea
Exploring the oceans
Simple sediment model : a tool to estimate nutrient regeneration in Baltic Sea sediments
Intercomparison of sediment sampling devices using artificial radionuclides in Baltic Sea sediments : the MOSSIE report
Phosphorus recycling in brackish and marine environments : sediment investigations in situ in the Baltic sea and the By fjord
Philip's guide to the oceans
Crustal two- and three-dimensional models of the Gulf of Bothnia area based on wide-angle and normal-incidence seismic data : by M. Ali Riahi
Assessment of the status of the zoobenthos in the coastal waters of western Uusimaa, S Finland – a tool for management
Executive summary (s. 6-7). Conclusions and recommendations (s. 187-189).
The deep
Proceedings of the ocean drilling program : Initial reports. 149, Iberia Abyssal Plain, sites 897-901, 10 March-25 May 1993
Littoral stony-bottom invertebrates in the Krunnit area of the Bothnian Bay
Dispersal and metacommunity dynamics in a soft-sediment benthic system : how well is the seafloor connected?
Proceedings of the ocean drilling program : Scientific results. Vol. 135, Scientific results : Lau Basin Covering leg 135 of the cruises of the Drilling Vessel JOIDES Resolution, Suva harbor, Fiji, to Honolulu, Hawaii, sites 834-841, 17 December 1990-28 February 1991
Blue mussel beds as biodiversity hotspots on the rocky shores of the northern Baltic Sea
The quest for Noah's flood
Marine issues : from a scientific, political and legal perspective
Contaminants in Baltic Sea sediments : results of the 1993 ICES/HELCOM sediment baseline study
Spatial modeling in sediments
International maritime boundaries
The law of the sea : progress and prospects
Tropical deep-sea benthos. Volume 26, Deep water Pyramidelloidea of the Tropical South Pacific : Turbonilla and related genera
Submarine volcanism and mineralization : modern through ancient
The handbook of sidescan sonar
Change in marine benthos : the case for long-term studies : symposium proceedings (Glenlo Abbey, Galway, Ireland; May 1994)
Distribution and accumulation of metals in sediments of the northern Baltic Sea
Miocene western Amazonia in the light of sedimentological and ichnological data
King Ocean's flute
Microbes regulate metal and nutrient cycling in Fe-Mn concretions of the Gulf of Finlands
Decisions of the World Court relevant to the UN Convention on the Law of the Sea : a reference guide
Coastal food web structure and function : trophic interactions in shallow soft bottom communities
Impacts of trawling and scallop dredging on benthic habitats and communities
The effects of human induced disturbances on the sediment geochemistry of Baltic Sea embayments with a focus on eutrophication history
Disturbance and ecosystem functioning : the role of changes in benthic biological traits
Pacific-ACP states regional legislative and regulatory framework for deep sea minerals exploration and exploitation
