http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13905 neurosurgery
neurosurgery
M. Gazi Yasargil: Father of Modern Neurosurgery is an account of a famous man's unusual and inspiring life, particularly as a youth in the first 138 pages of the book. Later, as a neurosurgeon, he found a means of reducing the mortality rates associated with the deadliest of brain pathologies from thirty percent in the mid-1960s to less than two percent. It required not only a vastly redesigned microscope, but an array of new surgical instruments, even a new way of thinking. 1967 witnessed neurosurgeons flocking to Zurich from around the world to learn his method. Yasargil possessed a truly amazing surgical talent, but his brand of microneurosurgery allowed even the lesser skilled to achieve stunning results if the requisite laboratory-hours to master the method were observed. Yasargil's life and times were as dramatic and challenging as microneurosurgery was important. He was born in a cave in rural east Turkey as his parents were held at gunpoint by outlaws determined to challenge the new government in Ankara. At eighteen, with his family's hearts in their throats, he was off to Vienna to study medicine. But when Nazi police suspected him of being a Jew, he was not allowed to register for classes. But instead of returning to Turkey defeated, he chose to push into Germany where he bargained enrollment as a first year medical student. From 1943 to 1945 he was harassed by Hitler's police as a potential spy. Headstrong, confident-he typically made matters worse. The bombs killing some of his classmates were dropped from British and American aircraft. Since this story contains as much history and adventure as medical triumph, a brief glossary of medical terms make it accessible to anyone reading at the high school level.
Surgery of cerebellopontine lesions
Neurosurgery tricks of the trade : spine and peripheral nerves
Surgical management of unrupted cerebral aneurysms
The Oxford handbook of neuroethics
Intracranial nimodipine implant : feasibility and implications for the treatment of subarachnoid hemorrhage : a pre-clinical study
Surgical bleeding and calcium antagonists : incidence of bleeding may be lower than suggested : letter
Atlas of emergency neurosurgery
Controversies in pediatric neurosurgery
"Neurosurgery Tricks of the Trade: Cranial presents core surgical procedures in a concise, highly didactic format, enabling surgeons to quickly grasp their essence from the bulleted text and superb illustrations that accompany them. Expert neurosurgeons specializing in the cranial region describe how they perform common procedures and offer surgical tips and pearls. Key Features: - Distills a wealth of information in a concise, step-by-step format, making it easy for novice surgeons to review how procedures are performed - Includes more than 150 surgical procedures for the cranial region, each accompanied by high-quality, original illustrations - Presents topics in either a pathology-based or an approach-based manner - Consistently organizes the procedures into the headings: Introduction and Background, Operative Detail and Preparation, Outcomes and Postoperative Course, and References, enabling rapid reference. Neurosurgeons at all levels, from residents learning procedures to experienced practitioners needing a quick refresher, will find this book, along with its companion volume, Neurosurgery Tricks of the Trade: Spine and Peripheral Nerves, to be an invaluable resource throughout their surgical careers"--Provided by publisher.
New techniques for spectral image acquisition and analysis
Implementation of 0.23 T magnetic resonance scanner to perioperative imaging in neurosurgery
Prospective outcome study of aneurysmal subarachnoid hemorrhage : endovascular versus surgical therapy
Speeding up the course of the neuromuscular block
Youmans neurological surgery, Vol. 4
Long-term outcome of surgery for spinal nerve sheath neoplasms
Computer-assisted neurosurgery
Pediatric advanced practice nursing ; Rheumatology
Cottrell and Young's neuroanesthesia
Perioperative nursing practice
Depressive and anxious symptomatology in relation to a primary brain tumor : prospective study of neurosurgical patients in Northern Finland
Youmans & Winn neurological surgery, Vol. 4
An analysis of outcome for head-injured patients with poor prognosis
Pocket essentials of clinical surgery
Cost-effectiveness of neurosurgical management of brain tumors : comparison of the results of treatment and hypothetical nontreatment within the framework of cost/QALY league tables
The author relates how a chance encounter in a magic shop with a woman who taught him exercises to ease his sufferings and manifest his greatest desires gave him a glimpse of the relationship between the brain and the heart, and drove him to explore the neuroscience of compassion and altruism.
Program & book of abstracts : 50th Annual Meeting of the Scandinavian Neurosurgical Society, June 11-14, 1998, Oulu, Finland
Preoperative Risk-Assessment Methods, Short-Term Outcome, and Patient Satisfaction in Elective Cranial Neurosurgery
Landmark papers in neurosurgery
Computer assisted surgery : stereotaxis, robotic surgery, Sensei robotic catheter system, David B. Samadi, stereotactic surgery, Vattikuti Urology Institute, patient registration, remote surgery, bone segment navigation, surgical planning, surgical segment navigator
A new ultrasound method for determining the phase shifts caused by the skull bone
Principles and practice of pediatric neurosurgery
Current topics in neurosurgery : dedicated to professor Stig H. M. Nyström
Helsinki Microneurosurgery basics and tricks
"The book is organized into three sections: tenets, the seven arteriovenous malformations, and selection. The tenets establish eight steps for AVM resection that comprise the phases of battle, as follows: step 1, exposure; step 2, subarachnoid dissection; step 3, defining the draining vein; step 4, defining the feeding arteries; step 5, pial dissection; step 6, parenchymal dissection;, step 7, ependymal or deep dissection; and step 8, finally resection. Critical concepts for dissection and resection are covered in the tenets section. In the section on the seven arteriovenous malformations, the anatomical battlefields for the lobes and deep regions are reviewed, 32 subtypes are described, and a resection strategy is presented for each subtype, step by step. The selection section addresses the secret to successful AVM surgery, which has nothing to do with surgical strategy or technique; rather, it is choosing your battles wisely"--Provided by publisher.
Advances and technical standards in neurosurgery. Vol. 33
Youmans & Winn neurological surgery, Vol. 2
Algorithms for modeling anatomic and target volumes in image-guided neurosurgery and radiotherapy
Intracranial nimodipine implant : feasibility and implications for the treatment of subarachnpid hemorrhage : a pre-clinical study
The quality of life and cost-effectiveness of treatment after a serious neurosurgical illness
Suture of war injuries to peripheral nerves : clinical studies of results
Atlas of operative microneurosurgery. Volume 1, Aneurysms and arteriovenous malformations
Handbook of neurosurgery
Stereotactic functional procedures in the treatment of essential tremor
Eye gaze patterns in micro-neurosurgery : from remote to ocular-based eye tracker
Color atlas of microneurosurgery of acoustic neurinomas : endoscope-assisted techniques, neuroavigational techniques, radiosurgery
Into the magic shop : a neurosurgeon's true story of the life-changing magic of compassion and mindfulness
The effect of anaesthesia and intracranial hypertension on acid-base balance in neurosurgical patients : A clinical and experimental study using halothane-nitrous oxide and oxygen anaesthesia
Neurosurgery tricks of the trade : cranial
Seven AVMs : tenets and techniques for resection
Lateral supraorbital approach : simple, clean, and preserving normal anatomy
When breath becomes air
Program & book of abstracts
Intracranial dural arteriovenous fistulas : characteristics, treatment and long-term outcome
Textbook of epilepsy surgery
Seven aneurysms : tenets and techniques for clipping
The price of defusing mines : radiological imaging after microsurgery for intracranial aneurysms
Half a brain is enough : the story of Nico
History of stereotactic psychosurgery in Finland
Youmans & Winn neurological surgery, Vol. 3
M. Gazi Yasargil : father of modern neurosurgery
Minimally invasive neurosurgery
Intraoperative imaging guided delineation and localization of regions of surgical interest:feasibility study
English abstract.
Youmans & Winn neurological surgery, Vol. 1
Intraoperative imaging guided delineation and localization of regions of surgical interest : feasibility study
Management of peripheral nerve problems
Dramatically updated to reflect recent advances in the basic and clinical neurosciences, Youmans and Winn Neurological Surgery, 7th Edition remains your reference of choice for authoritative guidance on surgery of the nervous system. Four comprehensive volumes thoroughly cover all you need to know about functional and restorative neurosurgery, (FRN)/deep brain stimulation (DBS), stem cell biology, radiological and nuclear imaging, and neuro-oncology, as well as minimally-invasive surgeries in spine and peripheral nerve surgery, endoscopic and other approaches for cranial procedures and cerebrovascular diseases. Seventy new chapters, an expanded video library, and revised content throughout help you master new procedures, new technologies, and essential anatomic knowledge. This unparalleled multimedia resource covers the entire specialty with the unquestioned guidance you've come to expect from the "Bible of neurological surgery."
Youmans neurological surgery, Vol. 2
Advances and emerging topics in perioperative pediatric nursing
Subarachnoid hemorrhage from saccular intracranial aneurysms in the Eastern Finnish population : risk factors for 12-month mortality impact of endovascular treatment in the elderly impact of enteral vs. intravenous nimodipine
Advances and technical standards in neurosurgery. Vol. 32
Quality of life and cost-effectiveness of treatment after a serious neurosurgical illness
Hemorrhagic and ischemic stroke : medical, imaging, surgical, and interventional approaches
Postoperative infections in neurosurgery
Youmans neurological surgery, Vol. 3
World neurosurgery : official journal of the world federation of neurosurgical societies
Youmans neurological surgery. Vol. 1-4
Summary.
Carini and Owens' neurological and neurosurcigal nursing
Distal anterior cerebral artery aneurysms
Spinal cord stimulation a treatment method for neuropathic pain : directive for patients and nurses
"For readers of Atul Gawande, Andrew Solomon, and Anne Lamott, a profoundly moving, exquisitely observed memoir by a young neurosurgeon faced with a terminal cancer diagnosis who attempts to answer the question What makes a life worth living? At the age of thirty-six, on the verge of completing a decade's worth of training as a neurosurgeon, Paul Kalanithi was diagnosed with stage IV lung cancer. One day he was a doctor treating the dying, and the next he was a patient struggling to live. And just like that, the future he and his wife had imagined evaporated. When Breath Becomes Air chronicles Kalanithi's transformation from a naive medical student "possessed," as he wrote, "by the question of what, given that all organisms die, makes a virtuous and meaningful life" into a neurosurgeon at Stanford working in the brain, the most critical place for human identity, and finally into a patient and new father confronting his own mortality.  What makes life worth living in the face of death? What do you do when the future, no longer a ladder toward your goals in life, flattens out into a perpetual present? What does it mean to have a child, to nurture a new life as another fades away? These are some of the questions Kalanithi wrestles with in this profoundly moving, exquisitely observed memoir.  Paul Kalanithi died in March 2015, while working on this book, yet his words live on as a guide and a gift to us all. "I began to realize that coming face to face with my own mortality, in a sense, had changed nothing and everything," he wrote. "Seven words from Samuel Beckett began to repeat in my head: 'I can't go on. I'll go on.'" When Breath Becomes Air is an unforgettable, life-affirming reflection on the challenge of facing death and on the relationship between doctor and patient, from a brilliant writer who became both.  Advance praise for When Breath Becomes Air    "Rattling, heartbreaking, and ultimately beautiful, the too-young Dr. Kalanithi's memoir is proof that the dying are the ones who have the most to teach us about life."--Atul Gawande  "Thanks to When Breath Becomes Air, those of us who never met Paul Kalanithi will both mourn his death and benefit from his life. This is one of a handful of books I consider to be a universal donor--I would recommend it to anyone, everyone."--Ann Patchett"--
Textbook of stereotactic and functional neurosurgery. Vol. 1
Enhancing a neurosurgical imaging system with a PC-based video processing solution
Duvernoy's atlas of the human brain stem and cerebellum : high-field MRI : surface anatomy, internal structure, vascularization and 3D sectional anatomy
Textbook of stereotactic and functional neurosurgery. Vol. 2
Supporting traumatic brain injury patients' family members : neurosurgical nurses' evaluations
Long-term cognitive outcome of childhood traumatic brain injury
Accelerating direct volume rendering using seed filling in the view lattice
Do no harm : stories of life, death and brain surgery
Vestibular schwannoma : postoperative recovery
