http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13908 compulsory education
compulsory education
"What should be the relationship between early childhood and compulsory education? What can they learn from one another and by working together? The rapid expansion of early childhood education and care means that most children in affluent countries now have several years at pre-school before compulsory education. This raises an important question about the relationship between the two. Whilst it's widely assumed that the former should prepare children for the latter, there are alternatives. This book contests the 'readying for school' relationship as neither self-evident nor unproblematic; and explores some alternative relationships, including a strong and equal partnership and the vision of a meeting place. In this ground-breaking book, Professor Peter Moss discusses the issue with leading early childhood figures - from Belgium, France, Italy, New Zealand, Norway, Sweden and the United States - who bring very different perspectives to this contentious relationship. The book starts with an extended essay by Peter Moss, to which the other contributors are invited to respond critically, as well as offering their own thinking about the relationship between early childhood and compulsory education, both their current understandings and suggestions on future directions. Students, researchers and academics in the field of early childhood education will find this an insightful and timely text. But so too will their peers in compulsory education, since the book time and again raises searching questions about pedagogical purpose and practice in this sector"--
The child and the state in India : child labor and education policy in comparative perspective
Early childhood and compulsory education : reconceptualising the relationship
Equity in education : an international comparison of pupil perspectives
Grade retention during compulsory education in Europe : regulations and statistics / EACEA, Eurydice
Evaluation of the performance of network industries providing services of general interest : 2004 report : working paper
Presents a collection of significant interdisciplinary documents relevant to western traditions of education. This book provides a commentary and an analysis throughout in the form of original essays and head notes. After a brief essay on classical and pre-modern education, it focuses on modern and post modern ideas.
The universal declaration of human rights : Finland
Structures of the education and initial training systems in the European Union
Many children left behind : how the No Child Left Behind Act is damaging our children and our schools
Key competencies : a developing concept in general compulsory education
English summary.
Deschooling society
The fading of compulsory labour : the displacement of work by hobbies in the reformatory schools of twentieth-century Finland
Compulsory schooling in a changing world
A decade of reforms at compulsory education level in the European Union (1984-94)
Teaching to change the world
Inclusive teaching : creating effective schools for all learners
Improving school attendance
Truancy : the politics of compulsory schooling
"Based on the views of teenagers across Europe and in the Far East, this book argues that we need to reconsider how we judge schools and what they are for. It shows that the treatment of pupils in schools makes more difference to teenagers views on society, and on what it means to be fair, than it does to differences in attainment"--Provided by publisher.
Inclusive teaching : the journey towards effective schools for all learners
Organisation of school time in the member states of the European Community
Critical issues in education : an anthology of readings
