http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13955 scissors
scissors
The real middle-earth : magic and mystery in the dark ages
Beowulf and the Fight at Finnsburg
Ecological plastic materials and their suitability for houseware applications
A corpus of early Anglo-Saxon great Square-Headed Brooches
The Oxford handbook of Anglo-Saxon Archaeology
Dress in Anglo-Saxon England
The Anglo-Saxons from the migration period to the eighth century : an ethnographic perspective
Ælfric's De temporibus anni
A Gazetteer of Early Anglo-Saxon Burial Sites
Off-piste : in the land of Kustaa Saksi
The formation of England, 550-1042
The world in the time of Charlemagne 700-900 AD
The anglo-Saxon literature handbook
The Anglo-Saxons
A syntax of king Alfred's Pastoral care
The DNA of a design : 1967-2007, 40 years
Anglo-saxons and vikings
Anglo-Saxon deviant burial customs
The Saxons and the Normans
The English and their legacy, 900-1200 : essays in honour of Ann Williams
Dover : the Buckland Anglo-Saxon cemetery
Klaeber's Beowulf and The fight at Finnsburg
The end of Roman Britain
The death of Anglo-Saxon England
Anglo-Saxon-Irish relations before the Vikings
Britain after Rome : the fall and rise, 400-1070
The Blackwell encyclopaedia of Anglo-Saxon England
The medieval life of King Alfred the Great : a translation and commentary on the text attributed to Asser
The idea of Anglo-Saxon England in Middle English romance
Anglo-Saxon architecture
The golden age of Anglo-Saxon art 966-1066
The Christianization of the Anglo-Saxons, c. 597-700 : discourses of life, death and afterlife
Court culture in Dresden : from Renaissance to Barouque
Childhood in Anglo-Saxon England
Vikings : fear and faith
Sheaths and scabbards in England AD 400-1100
New data on lacroixite, NaAlFPO4: Part I. Occurrence, physical properties and chemical composition. Part II. Crystal structure
The Anglo-Saxon state
Aspects of anglo-saxon archaeology : Sutton Hoo and other discoveries. Rupert Bruce-Mitford
An introduction to Anglo-Saxon England
The archaeology of the Anglo-Saxon settlements
The traitors' pit
Power and conversion : a comparative study of Christianization in Scandinavia
Anglo-Saxon art to A. D. 900
The sword in Anglo-Saxon England
The preservation and transmission of Anglo-Saxon culture : selected papers from the 1991 Meeting of the International Society of Anglo-Saxonists
Anglo-Saxon Deviant Burial Customs is the first detailed consideration of the ways in which Anglo-Saxon society dealt with social outcasts. Beginning with the period following Roman rule and ending in the century following the Norman Conquest, it surveys a period of fundamental social change, which included the conversion to Christianity, the emergence of the late Saxon state, and the development of the landscape of the Domesday Book. While an impressive body of written evidence for the period survives in the form of charters and law-codes, archaeology is uniquely placed to investigate the earliest period of post-Roman society, the fifth to seventh centuries, for which documents are lacking. For later centuries, archaeological evidence can provide us with an independent assessment of the realities of capital punishment and the status of outcasts. Andrew Reynolds argues that outcast burials show a clear pattern of development in this period.In the pre-Christian centuries, 'deviant' burial remains are found only in community cemeteries, but the growth of kingship and the consolidation of territories during the seventh century witnessed the emergence of capital punishment and places of execution in the English landscape. Locally determined rites, such as crossroads burial, now existed alongside more formal execution cemeteries. Gallows were located on major boundaries, often next to highways, always in highly visible places. The findings of this pioneering national study thus have important consequences on our understanding of Anglo-Saxon society. Overall, Reynolds concludes, organized judicial behaviour was a feature of the earliest Anglo-Saxon kingdoms, rather than just the two centuries prior to the Norman Conquest.
Anglo-Saxon studies in archaeology and history. 13
Anglo-Saxons : studies presented to Cyril Roy Hart
Anglo-Saxon farms and farming
The industrial arts of the anglo-saxons
Corpus of Anglo-Saxon stone sculpture. Vol. 5, Lincolnshire
Runes and runic inscriptions : collected essays on Anglo-Saxon and Viking runes
The origins of the Anglo-Saxons
Feasting the wolf
The Anglo-Saxon period, stretching from the fifth to the late eleventh century, begins with the Roman retreat from the Western worlds and ends with the Norman takeover of England. Between these epochal events, many of the contours and patterns of English life that would endure for the next millennium were shaped. In this authoritative work, Nicholas Higham and Martin Ryan re-examine Anglo-Saxon England in the light of new research in disciplines as wide-ranging as historical genetics, palaeobotany, archaeology, literary studies, art history and numismatics. The result is the definitive introduction to the Anglo-Saxon world, enhanced with a rich array of photographs, maps, genealogies and other illustrations.
The new era : the reformation of the late Anglo-Saxon coinage
Anglo-Saxon Northumbria
Anglo-Saxon art : a new perspective
The recovery of Old English : Anglo-Saxon studies in the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries
Images of community in Old English poetry
Early medieval studies in memory of Patrick Wormald
Hand-list of Anglo-Saxon non-runic inscriptions
Anglo-Saxon jewellery
Charters of Abingdon Abbey. Part 2
The Anglo-Saxon age : a very short introduction
Scissors
Sweet's Anglo-Saxon reader in prose and verse
A handbook of Anglo-Saxon studies
Kingship and consent in Anglo-Saxon England, 871-978 : assemblies and the state in the early Middle Ages
The Forum hoard of Anglo-Aaxon coins = Il ripostiglio dell'Atrium Vestae nel Foro romano
The Anglo-Saxon world
The beginnings of English society
Perceptions of the prehistoric in Anglo-Saxon England : religion, ritual, and rulership in the landscape
Two conversions to Christianity : the Bulgarians and the Anglo-Saxons
Recent excavations in Anglo-Saxon cemeteries in Cambridgeshire & Suffolk
"Over the last fifty years Ann Williams has transformed our understanding of Anglo-Saxon and Norman society in her studies of personalities and elites. In this collection, leading scholars in the field revisit themes that have been central to her work, and open up new insights into the workings of the multi-cultural communities of the realm of England in the early Middle Ages. There are detailed discussions of local and regional elites and the interplay between them that fashioned the distinctive institutions of local government in the pre-Conquest period; radical new readings of key events such as the crisis of 1051 and a reassessment of the Bayeux Tapestry as the beginnings of the Historia Anglorum; studies of the impact of the Norman Conquest and the survival of the English; and explorations of the social, political, and administrative cultures in post-Conquest England and Normandy. The individual essays are united overall by the articulation of the local, regional, and national identities that that shaped the societies of the period."--Publisher's website.
Hêliand : text and commentary
Ulla Jokisalo : kuvieni muisti : vuodet 1980-2000 : Helsingin kaupungin taidemuseo, Meilahti, 9.3. - 27.5.2001 = Ulla Jokisalo : the memory of my images : the years 1980-2000 : Helsinki City Art Museum, Meilahti, 9.3. - 27.5.2001 / vastaava toimittaja = editor: Tuomo-Juhani Vuorenmaa
The Anglo-Saxon chancery : the history, language and production of Anglo-Saxon charters from Alfred to Edgar
Airborne surveys over uranium mining district in Saxony, Germany - results of AERA-project
The Anglo-Saxons in England : during the early centuries after the invasion
The pope's assassin
Anglo-Saxon England. Vol. 41
The king's body : burial and succession in late Anglo-Saxon England
The art of picking the winners in design
Britons and Anglo-Saxons in the early Middle Ages
The Anglo-Saxon charms : texts in context
The archaeology of Anglo-Saxon England
'Britain After Rome' brings together a wealth of research and imaginative engagement to bring us as close as we can hope to get to the tumultuous centuries between the departure of the Roman legions and the arrival of Norman invaders nearly seven centuries later.
Anglo-Saxon pottery and the settlement of England
The Anglo-Saxon world : an anthology
Since the early 20th century the scholarly study of Anglo-Saxon texts has been augmented by systematic excavation and analysis of physical evidence - settlements, cemeteries, artefacts, environmental data, and standing buildings. This evidence has confirmed some readings of the Anglo-Saxon literary and documentary sources and challenged others. More recently, large-scale excavations both in towns and in the countryside, the application of computer methods to large bodies of data, new techniques for site identification such as remote sensing, and new dating methods have put archaeology at the forefront of Anglo-Saxon studies. "The handbook of Anglo-Saxon archaeology", written by a team of experts and presenting the results of the most up-to-date research, will both stimulate and support further investigation into those aspects of Anglo-Saxon life and culture which archaeology has fundamentally illuminated. It will prove an essential resourse for our understanding of a society poised at the interface between prehistory and history.
Early Anglo-saxon art and archaeology : being the Rhind lectures delivered in Edinburgh 1935
Roman Britain and Early England 55 BC - AD 871
Form and order in the Anglo-Saxon world, AD 600-1100
The hair scare
A catalogue of the anglo-saxon ornamental metalwork 700-1100 : in the department of antiquities, Ashmolean Museum
The Beowulf reader
Carolingian connections : Anglo-Saxon England and Carolingian Francia, c. 750-870
Anglo Saxon Northumbria
