http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13915 news
news
Understanding news
The New York Times book of New York : 549 stories of the people, the events and the life of the city - past and present
Informing the people : a basic text in reporting and writing the news
Americana 1925
Foreign news in the Finnish morning papers : a quantitative analysis
Broadcast design
Censored 2012 : the top 25 censored stories of 2010-11
EIA quick guides. 16,, How to research the European Union - a guide for students
Practical journalism : how to write news
Anchors : Brokaw, Jennings, Rather and the evening news
The atlantic : e-lehti
"Genre is central to understanding the industrial context and visual form of television. This new edition of the key textbook on television genre brings together leading international scholars to provide an accessible and comprehensive introduction to the debates, issues and concerns of the field. Structured in eleven sections, The television genre book introduces the concept of 'genre' itself and how it has been understood in television studies, and then addresses the main televisual genres in turn: drama, soap opera, comedy, news, documentary, reality television, children's television, animation and popular entertainment." -- Back cover.
Implied volatility response to scheduled U.S. macroeconomic news announcements : banking sector approach on Eurex options market
Foreign news in the media : international reporting in 29 countries : final report of the "foreign images" study undertaken for Unesco by the International Association for Mass Communication Research
With The Data Journalism Handbook, you'll explore the potential, limits, and applied use of this new and fascinating field. This handbook has attracted scores of contributors since the European Journalism Centre and the Open Knowledge Foundation launched the project at MozFest 2011. Through a collection of tips and techniques form leading journalists, professors, software developers, and data analysts, you'll learn how data can be wither the source of data journalism or a tool with which the story is told--or both.
Data journalism : mapping the future
Global news translation
The nightly news
Inside broadcasting ; Julian Newby
Outstanding international press reporting : Pulitzer prize winning articles in foreign correspondence. Vol. 4, 1978-1989 : from roarings in the Middle East to the destroying of the democratic movement in China
Are foreign correspondents redundant? : the changing face of international news
Newspaper journalism : a practical introduction
The language of TV news
Politics of news : Third World perspective
The fortune tellers : inside Wall Street's game of money, media, and manipulation
The techniques of radio journalism
Processing the news : how people tame the information tide
Global news, national treatment? : a comparison of Finnish, Indian and US television news coverage of the World Summit on Sustainable Development
"Catastrophically negative events" : analysis of newspaper language in the initial reports of three ferry disasters
The new television handbook
Sports journalism : a multimedia primer
Modern news reporting
News and journalism in the UK : a textbook
Folklore and mass media
Bad tidings : communication and catastrophe
Opera Software "Discover" service : Research on Relevancy and Freshness of the Suggested Content and Ways to Improve It
The newsroom. The complete second season
Hitler's fall : the newsreel witness
Writing and reporting the news
The data journalism handbook
The television news interview
The New York times
The manufacture of news : social problems, deviance and the mass media
The elements of news writing
Front page history : events of our century that shook the world
Decades of our lives : classic, rare, and unseen 2000s
The television genre book
News in early modern Europe : currents and connections
Representations of natural catastrophes in newspaper discourse
Broadcast journalism : techniques of radio and TV news
Professional's TV news handbook
Making sense of the news : towards a theory and an empirical model of reception for the study of mass communication
War papers
Studying culture specificity : the coverage of the British general election in Finnish newspapers
Broadcast newswriting : the RTNDA reference guide
Journalism workbook : a manual of tasks, projects and resources
Social meanings of news : a text-reader
New media, old news : journalism & democracy in the digital age
Pioneering television news : a first hand report on a revolution in journalism
Asymmetric news effects on volatility : good vs. bad news in good vs. bad times
Live, direct and biased? : making television news in the satellite age
Blurred boundaries : questions of meaning in contemporary culture
Elizabethan news pamphlets : Shakespeare, Spenser, Marlowe & the birth of journalism
News reporting and writing
The invention of news : how the world came to know about itself
News schemata
Glasgow Media Group reader. Vol. 1, News content, language and visuals
Broadcasting the local news : the early years of Pittsburgh's KDKA-TV
The interplay of influence : news, advertising, politics and the Internet
The manufacture of news
A modern Pearl Harbor : a critical metaphorical analysis of news reporting the war in Afganistan
Crime news trends in Finland : a review of recent research
Decades of our lives : classic, rare, and unseen 90s
News reports on the M/S Estonia accident from a pragmatic perspective
Reporting the news : selections from Nieman reports
Global TV : new media and the Cold War, 1946-69
Writing and producing television news
The Illustrated Police News is often dismissed as a crude publication which aimed to thrill the undiscerning reader with gruesome pictures. Cruel Deeds and Calamities sets out to correct that belief by demonstrating the diversity of its subject matter, examining its social and political agenda and revealing the power and compassion in its images.
News over the wires : the telegraph and the flow of public information in America, 1844-1897
News media, crime and fear of violence
White victims, black villains : gender, race and crime news in US culture
British Muslims in print : discursive representations of a minority in news texts
Feminism in the news : representations of the women's movement since the 1960s
EIA quick guides. 15,, Keeping up-to-date with the European Union
The news : a user's manual
Reporting a revolution : the Iranian revolution and the NIICO debate
Media relations : from a journalist's perspective
Representations of Aboriginal Australians in the media : a critical discourse analysis of two newspapers
The price of truth : the story of Reuters £££ millions
Turn-of-the-month and intramonth anomalies within EU bond markets : the effect on U.S. macroeconomic news announcements
Interpreting crisis : a retrospective analysis
Reporting
News of the world : a novel
Remote control : Indian television in the new millennium
Mapping Foreign Correspondence in Europe
Preferred reading in television news
International news : freedom under attack
News limited : why you can't read all about it
On the political possibilities of therapy news : media responsibility and the limits of objectivity in disaster coverage
Building on the events and lessons of September 11, Crisis Communications features an international cast of top contributors exploring emergency communications during crisis. Together, they evaluate the use, performance, and effects of traditional mass media (radio, TV, print), newer media (Internet, email), conventional telecommunications (telephones, cell phones), and interpersonal communication in emergency situations. They establish how people learned of the September 11 tragedy and how they responded; examine the effects of media globalization on terrorism; and, in many cases, give specific advice for the future.
Ugly war, pretty package : how CNN and Fox News made the invasion of Iraq high concept
Putting 'reality' together : BBC news
News viewing ideals and everyday practices : the ambivalents of watching Dagsrevyen
News and the human interest story
The main source : learning from television news
The Beijing controversies : Finnish news coverage of the Fourth World Conference on Women, Beijing 1995.
The news, textually speaking : writings on news journalism and journalism research
"An exploration of the representations of the women's movement, its members, and their goals between 1968 and 2008 in the British and American press. Examining over 1100 news articles, the book analyses the nuanced ways feminism has historically been supported, marginalized and debated in the mainstream press"--
Poor reception : misunderstanding and forgetting broadcast news
Political ideologies and attitudes towards income inequality in the US : a critical discourse analysis of CNN and Fox News opinion articles
Freedom of information
The power of news
Grace under pressure : norms in news transediting
Losing the news : the uncertain future of the news that feeds democracy
Spinning into control : news values and source strategies
Structures of international news : a case study of the world's press
News writing
The truth
CNN making news in the global market
Cruel deeds and dreadful calamities : The illustrated police news 1864 - 1938
The author, a Pulitzer Prize winning journalist explores how the epochal changes sweeping the media have eroded the core news that has been the essential food supply of our democracy. At a time of dazzling technological innovation, he says that what stands to be lost is the fact based reporting that serves as a watchdog over government, holds the powerful accountable, and gives citizens what they need. In a tumultuous new media era, with cutthroat competition and panic over profits, the commitment of the traditional news media to serious news is fading. Should we lose a critical mass of this news, our democracy will weaken and possibly even begin to fail. This book is also a call to arms. Despite the current crisis, there are many hopeful signs, and he closes by looking over the horizon and exploring ways the iron core can be preserved.--From publisher description.
News as changing texts : corpora, methodologies and analysis
News and journalism in the UK
Manufacturing the news
Business cycles and stock market's response to macroeconomic news announcements : evidence from the U.S. stock market 2002–2010
Front page physics : a century of physics in the news
News : the politics of illusion
Journalism and meaning-making : reading the newspaper
News : a reader
Reuters' century 1851-1951
Local journalism and local media : making the local news
Understanding global news : a critical introduction
Alarming reports : communicating conflict in the daily news
The language of the news
Practical Journalism: How to Write News introduces the beginner to the skills needed to become a journalist in the digital age. The book draws on interviews with dozens of working journalists. They share their thoughts on the profession and we watch them work - selecting stories, carrying out interviews and writing scripts. Most journalists believe they work ethically although few have set rules and others admit to being pressured to behave underhandedly. This book looks at how journalists can work more ethically and provides a guide for beginners.
Moral threats and dangerous desires : AIDS in the news media
Titanic : the unfolding story
Television news as cultural products : the cases of Finland and the United States
Nightly horrors : crisis coverage by television network news
The Progressive era : primary documents on events from 1890 to 1914
The broadcast journalism handbook : a television news survival guide
News analysis : case studies of international and national news in the press
Abstract.
European voice : a weekly view of the Union for the Union
International news reporting : metapragmatic metaphors and the U-2
The news consumption of digital natives
Finnish summary.
The television news handbook : an insider's guide to being a great broadcast journalist
News in Europe, Europe on News
Rewriting network news : WordWatching tips from 345 TV and radio scripts
Crisis communications : lessons from September 11
The effect of structure on the comprehension of news
Narrativization of the news
Penny Press
A free and balanced flow : report of the Twentieth Century Fund Task Force on the International Flow of News
Inside the sports pages : work routines, professional ideologies, and the manufacture of sports news
Television news
Journalism after September 11
Corporate Reputation and the News Media in Finland
The burglar caught by a skeleton and other singular tales from the Victorian press
Television and the red menace : the video road to Vietnam
How to watch TV news
News of the world : world cultures look at television news
A newspaper history of the world : an anthology of famous news stories from 1850 to the present day, and a collection of great scoops, leaks, exposures, crusades, triumphs and disasters from the pages of the British and American press
The art of news communication : a beginning textbook for classes in news writing
Bosnia : can there ever be peace? : thousands of civilians have lost their lives during the conflict in Bosnia
Your message and the media : the complete and practical guide to media relations
Screening the public sphere : media and democracy in India
Workbook for news reporting and writing
The South reports the Civil War
News culture
News in a new century : reporting in a an age of conversing media
The North reports the Civil War. J. Cutler Andrews
The Cyclist's Anthology
Weekly world news [vol. 1]: The world's only reliable news
Blogs, wikis, Facebook, and more : everything you want to know about using today's Internet but are afraid to ask
Positional metaphors in the news : A case study: Formal news text versus narrated text
Dial M for Murdoch : news corporation and the corruption of Britain / Tom Watson and Martin Hickman
