http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13945 biowaste
biowaste organic waste
Role of low-weight carboxylic acids in phytotoxicity of composts
Biogas production from meat and pulp and paper industry by-products
Pricing models for household waste transport and treatment
Effect of thermal pretreatment on chemical composition and biogas production from kitchen waste
Informal organic waste market in Cochabamba, Bolivia : waste management behaviour of marketplace vendors and utilisation of waste resources by agricultural producers
Ecotoxicity assessment of biodegradable plastics and sewage sludge in compost and in soil
Developing Biofuel Production from Food Industry Wastes in the Rural Area of Kenya.
Biorenewable resources : engineering new products from agriculture
Influence of different temperature and aeration regulation in strategies on respiration in composting of organic household waste
Bioethanol Potential of Preserved Biowaste
Agricultural pollution : problems and practical solutions
Potential of native microalgae strains grown in wastewater for biodiesel production in Nordic climate
Catalytic depolymerisation of starch-based industrial waste:use of non-conventional activation methods and novel reaction media
Food waste composting : effects of heat, acids and scale
Bioconversion of forest and agricultural plant residues
Source separation and composting of biowaste with a view to recycling of the end product
Feasibility study on the biogas production from organic wastes generated at the University of Jyväskylä
Occurrence and fate of organic contaminants in wastes
Utilisation of gasification carbon residues : activation, characterisation and use as an adsorbent
"Exploring the dramatic growth and changes in the field of vermicomposting since 1988, this comprehensive review assesses the advancements made in government-funded projects in the U.S. and UK. It discusses outdoor or indoor windows, container systems, wedge systems, and low labor-requirement, fully-automated continuous flow vermicomposting reactor systems that can process more than 1000 tons of organic wastes per reactor. It also highlights the science and biology behind the use and efficacy of vermicomposting and details the technology of the past, present, and future"--Provided by publisher.
Waste streams for algae cultivation
Vermiculture technology : earthworms, organic wastes, and environmental management
Sanitary aspects of composting biodegradable waste : towards a Nordic evaluation model
Systems evolution of waste and by-product management and bioenergy production
BPA performance (TOC, BOD and toxicity) during photo-Fenton reaction
"Co-edited by international earthworm expert Clive A. Edwards, <STRONG>Vermiculture Technology: Earthworms, Organic Wastes, and Environmental Management</STRONG>is the first international, comprehensive, and definitive work on how earthworms and microorganisms interact to break down organic wastes on a commercial basis. Many books cover the importance of composting for reducing the amount of organic wastes in landfills. This reference focuses on innovative vermiculture technology that turns organic waste into a value-added environmentally friendly products that can improve soil fertility and productivity on a large scale.<h3>Chronicles more than two decades of growth and changes in earthworm composting technology</h3>Based on the work of an outstanding international cast of scientists, the book explores the dramatic growth and changes in vermiculture technology since 1988 and assesses advances made in government-funded projects in the United States and United Kingdom. The contributors discuss outdoor and indoor windrows, container systems, wedge systems, and low labor-requirement, fully-automated continuous flow vermicomposting reactor systems that can process more than 1000 tons of organic wastes per reactor per annum. They also highlight the science and biology behind the use and efficacy of vermicomposting, examine its importance to developing countries, and detail the technology of the past, present, and future.Although the development of a range of vermicomposting technologies has been rapid and the spread of vermicomposting dramatic, the scientific literature remains scattered throughout a range of journals, newsletters, and online resources. As a compilation of information designed specifically to have an extended shelf life, this volume chronicles how vermiculture can be brought into full commercial and industrial development and find application in integrated waste management systems"--Provided by publisher.
The humanure handbook : a guide to composting human manure
Food safety and food quality
Compost science and technology
The environmental responsibility of German hotel and restaurant industry : opportunities of managing organic waste occurring in the food and beverage department
Digesting animal by-products
This study deals with waste collection and treatment of the households in Addis Ababa. The purpose of this thesis is to evaluate the current amount and composition of the waste as well as collection and disposal methods in the city.  Based on the analysis a model is developed and a justified suggestion on suitable waste treatment tailored for the specific case. A sample of 45 000 inhabitants was taken as a case in this study. Due to financial and time constraint, the study was conducted based on literature survey and search. It was found that majority of the household waste is organic in its nature. The most suitable treatment method for treating this organic waste would be windrow composting. At the current status, all the waste from the city is being disposed in Repi open dump site without further treatment which has wide range of environmental consequences including methane production.  According to the model developed in this study the estimated final cost of waste treatment is cheaper than the amount requested by the local collection cost in the short and long term. In addition, it has a potential to be expanded to the whole Addis Ababa population.
Market entry strategy for supplying biogas technology to Vietnam Breweries
The possibilities of biodiesel production from fish waste in Mekong Delta region in Vietnam
From Waste to Traffic Fuel -projects : final report
Generation and recovery potencial of organic waste in industry and households in the Leningrad region
Biogas production from presorted biowaste and municipal solid waste from Sweden : substrate characterization, wet fermentation and cash flow analysis
Sustainable organic waste management in tree-seedling production
The availability of small bio-gas reactors in Africa, and in particular in Ethiopia, which can operate by using inputs of human, household, agricultural and other comparable waste materials
1979 convention on long-range transboundary air pollution and its 1998 protocols on persistent organic pollutants and heavy metals
Organic waste recycling : technology and management
Waste composts as nitrogen fertilizers for forage leys
The aim of the thesis was to compare the differences between three different treatments which are labeled as A, B and C, respectively. Treatments A and B contained additive products designed to enhance the fermentation process of biowaste and extract leachate. In treatment A, the additive product was in liquid form. Treatment B used the additive product that was in solid form. Treatment C contained no additive products and was used as a reference. The anaerobic digestion process of kitchen biowaste was used in this study to produce leachate. The leachate was collected and analyzed for its nutritional value as fertilizer. Chemical analysis was done to find the concentrations of Nitrogen (N), Phosphorus (P) and Potassium (K), in the leachates. The results of this study showed that Treatment B had the highest concentration of nutrients per liter compared to treatment A and treatment C. However, treatment A produced overall a greater volume of leachate compared to the other treatments. The con-centration of Total Nitrogen in the leachate was between 0,33 – 1,06 g/l. The concentration of Total Phosphorus was between 0,53 – 1,09 mg/l.  In addition, when comparing the concentration of Potassium, which was between 2,6 – 3,4 mg/l, the values seemed higher than the potassium value of separated urine carried out by EcoSanRes.
Implementation of pulp and paper sludge in anaerobic wetdigester : Pilot scale Mobile Biogas plant technology
Sustainable urban waste management: analysis of untapped bio-energy resources of Lagos metropolis
Biowaste and biological waste treatment
Hanbook of environmental engineering. Vol 6, Biosolids treatment processes
Environmental biotechnology
The use of plant litter and soil fauna traits in a mechanistic assessment of litter decomposition under global change
Microbial diversity in the municipal composting process and development of detection methods
A systems engineering approach to biotechnical processes : experiences of modelling, estimation and control methods
Environmental systems analysis of organic waste management : the ORWARE model and the sewage plant and anaerobic digestion submodels
BioCycle : journal of composting & organics recycling
Environmental biotechnology : concepts and applications
Systems analysis of small-scale systems for food supply and organic waste management. Olof Thomsson
Sustainable biodiesel production from microalgae cultivated with piggery wastewater
Driven by nature : plant litter quality and decomposition
Abstract: Alternative ways of the offal management in the future.
Environmental biotechnology : theory and application
Analysis Of Biomass Waste Potentials For Electrical Energy Generation In Ghana
Characterization of humic material formed by composting of domestic and industrial biowastes. 2, Spectroscopic evaluation of humic acid structures
Anaerobic digestion of organic by-products from meat-processing industry : the effect of pre-treatments and co-digestion
Microbial community profiling of biodegradable municipal solid waste treatments : aerobic composting and anaerobic digestion
Business Plan : Residential Solid Waste Collection
The orware simulation model : anaerobic digestion and sewage plant sub-models
Waste-to-energy : technologies and project implementation
Biology of wastewater treatment
Production of oleaginous microbial biomass by reusing wastewaters
Environmental biotechnology for waste treatment
The relationship between organic waste management in hotels and economic benefits, case study, Green Leaf Hotels, Thailand
Waste water treatment by biochemical membrane contiguous oxidation method
Biological wastewater treatment : theory and applications
Implementation and Process of Biogas Plant in Food Industry
Economics of organic waste disposal in Germany on small and medium sized plants : possibilities and limitations for an investment of agricultural businesses
Biosphere assessment report 2009
Enhancement of biomass and lipid production of microalgae in mixed populations in waste water  : suitability to wastewater purification and biomass and lipid
Microalgae - Energy Production and Wastewater Purification : Three Scenarios for Microalgae Cultivation in the Kujala Waste Management Center
Effects of biochar addition on anaerobic digestion and comparison of different biochar qualities
Anaerobic dry fermentation of dried chicken manure and kitchen waste
Factors affecting decomposition of biowaste and phytotoxicity in laboratory scale studies
Biomethanization of the organic fraction of municipal solid wastes
Evaluation of Customer-Produced Waste in Pirkanmaa Region Rax Buffet Restaurants
Analysing nutrient values of fermented biowaste leachate
Tracking cereulide producing Bacillus cereus in foods, papermaking and biowaste management
Smart Biowaste Machine
Catalytic depolymerisation of starch-based industrial waste : use of non-conventional activation methods and novel reaction media
Emissions of ammonia, nitrous oxide and methane during composting of organic household waste
Biogas production from energy crops and crop residues
Abstract.
International Symposium on Composting of Organic Matter : Sani Beach, Kassandra, Halkidiki, Macedonia, Greece, 30 August - 1 September 1999
Biorefineries in decentralized environment : review
Municipal solid waste management : processing, energy recovery, global examples
Treatment and characterisation of oily wastewaters
Methane Production Through Anaerobic Digestion of Various Organic Substrates
Estimation of substance parameters for environmental fate modeling of POPs
Waste waters from biomass-based synthesis gas production
Ympäristötekniikan lisensiaattiseminaari = Licentiate Seminar on Water and Environmental Engineering
Making use of tannery chromium containing sludge as feed for biogas plant
System analysis of waste management : the ORWARE model, transport and compost sub-models
Environmental applications of manometric respirometric methods
Biodegradable municipal waste management in Europe. Part 1, Strategies and instruments
Over the years, tourism has become one of largest industries in the world. It has boosted national economy, reduced economy trade deficit as well as helped country's development in many countries. However, with the sheer size of the industry, it generates a great deal of solid and liquid wastes from tourism operations. Consequently, it causes serious environmental degradation. As tourism depends heavily on nature, there is a need to care for it; for the survival of future tourism. Organic waste management, under the umbrella of environmental management, is an effective tool for this role. Acknowledging the importance of this tool in the hotel sector, the author has asked the questions, “ What are the economic benefits of organic waste management in hotels' operations in tourism destination”, and set research objectives to find out whether some hotels gain economic benefits from such management. The chosen sampling is Green Leaf Hotels, hotels practicing it in Thailand.    Within the literature consulted by the author, many studies have identified several benefits from managing organic wast. This study focuses on three issues: first, helping hotels to save money on cost reduction; second, enabling hotels to gain other income from the organic-waste-by-products; third helping hotels to increase competitiveness in part of marketing and pricing strategy.    One of the main purposes of this study is to educate and form basic understanding to hotels about potential economic benefits of organic waste management in their businesses. Therefore, a qualitative study is the most suitable research position. The online questionnaire was judged the most appropriate methodology, as it allows the author to conduct research and gather primary data from Thailand, while living in Finland. In the process of data analysis, this research usedcaptive case study as it permits the author to concentrate on a specific and relevant group of sampling.    The author was able to collect 33 responses. This number is not statistically enough to cross compare the Thai and international hotels, as one goal set for this study. Thus, the data was instead analyzed based on their level of the organic waste management approaches employed in hotels: and the author further discussed how much these hotels gain economic benefits, in relation to their level of effort in organic waste management.     The author spent time during September 2009-May 2010 to complete the whole study; the content was written only during January to May 2010.
From waste to traffic fuel (W-Fuel)
