http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13999 municipal sector
municipal sector
Work ability as a determinant of old age disability severity: evidence from the 28-year Finnish Longitudinal Study on Municipal Employees
Abstract: The Essence of Developing as a Director: Experiences of Directors in the Municipal Sector.
The Finnish occupational accidents and diseases statistics database employed for safety promotion
The combined use of systematic field and photo samples in a large-scale forest inventory in North Finland
Protection of minors and human dignity in the information society: EU and US perspectives
In recent years, corporations of all sizes and orientations have become more sensitive to social issues and stakeholder concerns, and they are collectively striving to become better corporate citizens (in some cases, urged on by shareholder pressure or government regulations). The best practices in corporate sustainability are no longer the exclusive domain of companies like Ben & Jerry's or Body Shop as they were a decade ago; now, large, multi-national companies like G.E. and Wal-Mart are leading the way with significant financial and organizational commitments to social and environmental issues. To help managers and academics keep their eye on the ever-moving target of sustainability, award-winning author and academic Marc Epstein's provides an authoritative and comprehensive guide to implementing corporate sustainability initiatives and to measuring both their social and financial impacts.
Culture crash : the killing of the creative class
Information Society Policy Link : information society and agriculture & rural development : linking European policies
The bankers of Puteoli : finance, trade and industry in the Roman world
Social policy and society : a journal of the Social Policy Association
Electronic document archiving in Häme Polytechnic
Information Society Policy Link : information society and culture : linking European policies
Limits of meritocracy : how fields of study and gender segregation affect social stratification in Finland
Community participation and empowerment in primary education
Social sciences in the North : keynotes presented at the Eighth Inuit Studies Conference and First International Congress of Arctic Social Sciences, Université Laval, Ste-Foy (Québec) Canada, October 25-(28)-31, 1992 ; edited by Louis-Jacques Dorais and Ludger Müller-Wille
Information Society Policy Link : information society and standards : linking European policies
Matkailutilasto 2004 = Tourism statistics 2004.
Information Society Policy Link : information society and eGovernment : linking European policies
The future of intellectuals and the rise of the new class : a frame of reference, theses, conjectures, arguments, and an historical perspective on the role of intellectuals ans intelligentsia in the international class contest of the modern era
Managing media firms and industries : what's so special about media management?
Five-year assessment: 1999-2003 : research and technology development in information society technologies : final panel report
Competence foresight in local government services : final report
Linking theory and practice : learning networks at the service of workplace innovation
Making sustainability work : best practices in managing and measuring corporate social, environmental and economic impacts
Measuring media content, quality, and diversity : approaches and issues in content research
The international  conference High heels to Hi-Tech, Oulu, Finland 2001 : increase gender equality in ICT-education and professions
Information Society Policy Link : information society and justice, freedom & security : linking European policies
Organizational measures taken against workplace bullying : the case of Finnish municipalities
Information Society Policy Link : information society and the regions : linking European policies
From welfare to innovation : STI policies under the spotlight
Reward and benefit programs have been a topic in the hospitality industry for many, many years. However, in most cases, the topic has been dealt with from perspective hotel guest/- client. This thesis will concern itself with benefit and reward programs from the point of view of employees and employers. It will begin with a general overview and gradually go on to focus on the hospitality sector. The objectives of this research were to give an outlook of the current situation in the hospitality industry in the field of monetary rewards. Additional aims are contrasting the hospitality sector with a different industry and, introducing new ideas from other industries into the hospitality branch. Another long-term goal was to promote the practical application of some of the ideas and recommendations by hotels. The final and most important aim of this report was to demonstrate both the importance of these programs, especially in the hospitality sector and the results for both parties.     The research for this thesis was undertaken by the means of three methods:    Firstly, a literature review was undertaken. It was used to clarify the definitions of reward management and employee benefits. Furthermore, to demonstrate and give a deeper understanding of the different types of monetary rewards systems. It shed light on the different goals of monetary reward management and the pro and contra points of the different methods. Other aspects that were explored the variety of perspectives from which different individuals and companies viewed situations, as well as the impact these programs had on companies and employees.      Secondly, an investigation of the current situation - in mainly five star hotels confronted theory with real life situations - and revealed the impact of these programs on both sides. To this end, several HR directors were interviewed by means of a questionnaire.   Thirdly, a survey questioning HR directors about their reward and benefit programs showed the importance and necessity of these programs. The interviews as well as the questionnaires showed that many hotels have already started to implement monetary reward management into their benefit programs; however there is still much room for improvement and recommendations from other industries.
Dreams and realities : information technology in the human services : the abstracts
Herald of the storm
Information Society Policy Link : information society and employment : linking European policies
Report on the working visit to Nyahururu on December 2009 : The North-South Local Government Co-operation Programme, 2008-2010 : the municipalities of Hattula, Janakkala and Nyahururu
Information Society Policy Link : information society and environment : linking European policies
The social entrepreneur : making communities work
New challenges in ICT education : [catch the train quick] : conference proceedings April 27th 2001, Seinäjoki, Finland
Media organisations in society
Information services today : an introduction
Information Society Policy Link : information society and industry : linking European policies
Expertise through projects
Truly nomadic environments : context-awareness, virtuality and multisensority
Book 2010 : development trends in the book trade - summary
Internationalization of the Economic Life in Kangasala : SME-internationalization Project : ECOS-Ouverture
Writing in context = L'écriture en contexte : French literature, theory and the avant gardes = littérature, théorie et avant-gardes françaises au XXe siècle
Tourism : how effective management makes the difference
Suomen lääketutkimuksen tohtoriohjelman (FinPharma Doctoral Program, FPDP) 9. vuositapaaminen : The Future of Pharma, 19.-21.8.2015 = FinPharma Doctoral Program (FPDP) 9th Annual Meeting : The Future of Pharma, August 19.-21.2015
Summary.
Siberian education
Finnish information society and its regionalisation in Western Finland and Lapland 1994-2004
Sustainability in the hospitality industry : principles of sustainable operations
Managing corporate social responsibility
International Northern eDimension Forum in Pori 11-12 November 2002 : final report
Abstract: (The essence of developing as a director : experiences of directors in the municipal sector.
Information Society Policy Link : information society and education : linking European policies
Negative aspects of the information society were first noticed in early 90's, with the dawning of the Internet era. The article gives an overview of European initiatives undertaken and European courts' judgments delivered over the last two decades, contrasting them with eminent U.S. Supreme Court decisions. According to the author, predominance of soft law, case law and self-regulation does not in itself impede protection, given that all stakeholders act with the intention to effectively monitor and eradicate threats..
Computer ethics : a case-based approach
Class acts : service and inequality in luxury hotels
Organisation of policy meets the commercialisation of sex : global linkages, policies, technologies
Corporate social responsibility and sustainability are global issues. Many companies participate in the movement towards more sustainable operations and develop corporate social responsibility principles. The objective of this thesis was to find out what aspects have to be taken into consideration in order to manage corporate social responsibility successfully. Furthermore, it was examined how corporate social responsibility is man-aged in practice at Nanso Group Oy. Literature from different sources was gathered to form a theoretical framework. The case study method was used to gather information for the research part. At the beginning of the strategy formulation process central issues have to be selected. A company has to follow certain national and international laws when operating. Furthermore, the company has to be aware of certain risks and problems when producing abroad. Different stakeholders have to be taken into consideration when choosing the target areas for the strategy. The goals have to be defined and actions to reach the goals. Goals can be timeless or have a specific numeric goal. In addition to that, performance indicators have to be chosen in order to measure changes. Furthermore, it has to be decided how efforts regarding corporate social responsibility are communicated to company's stakeholders. According to theory, many aspects have to be taken into consideration in order to manage corporate social responsibility successfully. In practice, challenging in the corporate social responsibility strategy process was the phase where the strategy has to gain a foothold.  It had to get through to the employees with the goal that they incorporate it in their daily work. Furthermore, limited availability of resources sets challenges.
Topic teaching in the primary school : teaching about society through topic work
Information Society Policy Link : information society and health : linking European policies
Multimedia Europe : content producers or "Voices from the tower" : a report on socioeconomic aspects of multimedia content development in Europe
The future of education in Latin America and the Caribbean ; translation into english: William Gallagher
New technologies in public administration
The importance of reward systems in the hotel industry for both side's employees and employers in Germany
Adapting National Forest Inventories to changing requirements - the case of the Swedish National Forest Inventory at the turn of the 20th century
Finland as a knowledge economy : elements of success and lessons learned : overview
The information society : a study of continuity and change
Age management as a factor for competitiveness and profitability : the case of the PWD technical services of the city of Helsinki
The dairy co-operatives in the Nordic countries : report to the National Dairy Development Board of India
CSR in the Finnish banking industry
Temporary employment and health
IS reviews 2002
Library hi tech : Helsinki
The hacker ethic : and the spirit of the information age
Work ability and later-life health : a 28-year longitudinal study among Finnish municipal workers
Information Society Policy Link : information society and media : linking European policies
NFI plots as complementary reference data in forest inventory based on airborne laser scanning and aerial photography in Finland
