http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13966 pledges (securities)
pledges (securities)
Girl on a plane
Battleground
This 2006 book examines hostage-taking in ancient Rome, which was a standard practice of international diplomacy. Hundreds of foreign hostages, typically adolescents, were detained as the empire grew in the Republic and early Principate. As prominent figures at the center of diplomacy and as 'exotic' representatives of the outside world, they drew considerable attention in Roman literature and other artistic media. Our sources discuss hostages in terms of the geopolitics that motivated their detention, as well as in accordance with other comparable structures of power. Hostages, thus, could be located in a social hierarchy, a family network, in a cultural continuum, or in a sexual role. In these schemes, an individual Roman, or Rome in general, becomes not just a conqueror, but also a patron, father, teacher, or generically male. By focusing on the characterizations of hostages in Roman culture, we glean Roman attitudes toward ethnicity and imperial power.
The Marine 2
Vicious circle : a novel of complicity
Flypaper
Power play
The Icarus agenda
Collateral requirements and relationship banking: empirical evidence from unique Finnish credit-files
Berlingieri on arrest of ships : a commentaruy on the 1952 arrest convention
100 days in the jungle
The future of secured credit in Europe
General average : law and practice
The tears of dark water
Family weekend
Modern studies in property law. Volume 2, Property 2002
Terrorism and hostages in international law : a commentary on the Hostages Convention 1979
Deadlock
One breath away
Even silence has an end : [my six years of captivity in the Columbian jungle]
All the old knives
The obelisk
Killers of the dawn
Six of crows
Tiger house
Hostage three
The hostage
Deadly sting
Summary (s. 15-20).
Pirate Patch and the message in a bottle
Apartment ownership and mortgage finance in Lithuania = Busto nuosavybe ir busto kreditavimas Lietuvoje
Worst case
Time charters
Hostages in the Middle Ages
The law of secured finance : an international survey of security interests over personal property
Brother's keeper
Hostage in Iraq
Securitisation and mortrage bonds : legal aspects and harmonisation in Europe
Red notice
The diabolic
The monarch : a thriller
The Code Napoleon, or, The French Civil Code
A long walk home : one woman's story of kidnap, hostage, loss and survival
The Isis hostage : one man's true story of 13 months in captivity
Crooked Kingdom
3,096 days in captivity
Operation certain death : the inside story of the SAS's greatest battle
Step on a crack
Red Notice
Beslan : the tragedy of the school No. 1
News of a kidnapping
Damage Control
Firefight
Merchants of men : how kidnapping, ransom and trafficking funds terrorism and ISIS
The Taking of Pelham 1 2 3
Merry Christmas, Alex Cross
Pawn shop
The rock
Baby Doll
Terrorism and democracy
In a tense and riveting narrative, The ISIS Hostage details freelance photographer Daniel Rye's thirteen-month ordeal at the hands of Islamic State after he was captured in Syria and the misery inflicted upon him, and nineteen other hostages, by the British guards, which included Jihadi John. This compelling account also follows Daniel's family and the nerve-wracking negotiations with his kidnappers. It traces their horrifying journey through impossible dilemmas and offers a rare glimpse into the secret world of the investigation launched to locate and free not only Daniel, but also the American freelance journalist and fellow hostage James Foley. Written with Daniel's full cooperation and based on interviews with former fellow prisoners, jihadists and key figures who worked behind the scenes to secure his release, The ISIS Hostage reveals for the first time the torment suffered by the captives and tells a moving and terrifying story of friendship, torture and survival.
Vanish : a novel
Peter Maguire has been kidnapped in Somalia's capital, Mogadishu. He does not know where he is or what is going to happen to him. The journalist is filled with fear and, as the days go by, this dread of the unknown is shot through with remorse for the mistakes of his past. Peter's mother Nina comes to Somalia to wait for her son's release. His plight forces her to relive another trauma - the fatal shooting in Liberia of Shaun Ridge, a young photographer she once loved, and Peter's real father. Abdi, a Somali teenager working with Peter's captors strikes a tenuous friendship with the prisoner based on a shared feeling of captivity. He decides to help Peter escape. Together they set off into the barren vastness of a land filled with danger. Three people must journey into one of the world's most dangerous places, the human mind, to answer the question: are we ever truly free?
In The Tears of Dark Water, the internationally bestselling author of A Walk Across the Sun and The Garden of Burning Sand delivers an electrifying, moving novel of tragedy, vengeance and redemption set against the backdrop of a pressing contemporary political issue. When Somali pirates hijack an American sailing yacht in the Indian Ocean, a tense standoff orchestrated by top U.S. hostage negotiator Paul Derrick ends in tragedy: Skipper Daniel Parker is shot dead and his troubled son Quentin is critically wounded. The pirates are captured and extradited to stand trial in the USA. A young pirate named Ismail is identified by his cohorts as the shooter. Inquestioning him, Derrick begins to suspect there is more to his story than a zealot driven by simple, bloodthirsty anti-American extremism. But Ismail says little, fearing the truth will endanger the only person he has left in the world: His sister Yasmin.Yasmin is the youngest (and favorite) wife of a radical Islamist leader named Najiib. But Najiib also thinks she shares the rebellious spirit of her brother Ismail--who escaped soon after the siblings were kidnapped from their Mogadishu schoolhouse by Najiib's men. As his mistrust grows, Yasmin begins to plan her own escape. Derrick's sister Megan, a criminal defense lawyer, takes Ismail's case. Sharing her brother's sense that there is a mystery to unravel, she begins an investigation that traces Ismail's journey from Mogadishu to a Kenyan refugee camp to the large Somali immigrant community in Minneapolis. As the tension mounts, Ismail strikes a shocking deal with the U.S. Government that offers him a chance to save Yasmin's future.
Commando
Taken hostage : the Iran hostage crisis and America's first encounter with radical Islam
Secured credit under English and American law
Merchants of men : how kidnapping, ransom and trafficking funds terrorism and Isis
Hostages and hostage-taking in the Roman empire
Fractured
