http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13968 cervical vertebrae
cervical vertebrae cervical spine
Abstract (s. 5-7).
Whiplash injuries : the cervical acceleration / deceleration syndrome
Surgery of the craniovertebral junction
The head, neck, and trunk : muscles and motor points
Assessing physical capacity, disability, and health-related quality of life in neck pain
Abstract.
Applicability of cone-beam computed tomography in craniofacial imaging in comparison to other radiological methods
Manipulation of the spine, thorax, and pelvis
Head and neck trauma : an interdisciplinary approach
Whiplash injury : perspectives on the development of chronic pain
Fighter pilot's neck pain
A study of neck injury arising from motor vehicle accidents and its clinical management
Frontiers in whiplash trauma : clinical and biomechanical
Spinal manipulation made simple : a manual of soft tissue techniques
Sectional anatomy for imaging professionals
Acland's DVD atlas of human anatomy. DVD 5, The head and neck. Part 2
Obesity and bone mineral measurements in postmenopausal women
Manipulation of the spine, thorax and pelvis : an osteopathic perspective
The possibilities and dosimetric limitations of MLC-based intensity-modulated radiotherapy delivery and optimization techniques
A comparative anatomy of the neck region in lizards
Inspirational Training Guide for Farmers
Rheumatoid cervical spine : focusing on changes in the atlanto-axial area
Whiplash, headache, and neck pain : research-based directions for physical therapies
Netter's clinical anatomy
Neck pain : medical diagnosis and comprehensive management
Whiplash : evidence base for clinical practice
Netter's orthopaedic clinical examination : : an evidence-based approach
Clinical anatomy and management of cervical spine pain : volume 3
The cervical spine
Conservative management of cervical spine syndromes
Changes in cranial base and craniocervical junction during growth in healthy individuals and in patients with Osteogenesis imperfecta
Movement system impairment syndromes of the extremities, cervical, and thoracic spines
Fundamentals of sectional anatomy : an imaging approach
Cervical spine changes in rheumatoid arthritis
Cervical spine injuries in adults : diagnostic imaging and treatment options
Manual mobilization of the joints : joint examination and basic treatment. Volume 2, The spine
Manual mobilization of the joints : joint examination and basic treatment. Volume 3, Traction-manipulation of the extremities and spine : basic thrust techniques
Maitland's vertebral manipulation
Whiplash
Measurement of joint motion : a guide to goniometry
Wolf-Heidegger's Atlas of human anatomy = Wolf-Heideggers Atlas der Anatomie des Menschen. Vol. 2, Head and neck, thorax, abdomen, pelvis, CNS, eye, ear
Comprehensive manual therapy for the cervical and thoracic spine
Massage and manual therapy for orthopedic conditions
Physical therapy of the cervical and thoracic spine
Normal findings in CT and MRI
Acland's DVD atlas of human anatomy. DVD 5, The head and neck ; Part 2
Cervical loading analysis of fighter pilots : studies on cumulative loading, contributing factors and interventions
The rheumatoid cervical spine
Manual mobilization of the joints : the Kaltenborn Method of joint examination and treatment. Volume 2, The Spine
Injuries of the spine : clinical and radiological results in 460 patients
Conservative and operative treatment in cervical burst fractures
Maitland's vertebral manipulation : management of neuromusculoskeletal disorders - volume 1
Whiplash injuries in Finland : incidence, prognosis and predictive factors for the long-term outcome
Acland's DVD atlas of human anatomy. DVD 4, The head and neck ; Part 1
Inflammatory cervical spine changes in certain rheumatic diseases : a radiographic study in a hospital-based population
Routine measurement of health-related quality of life in assessing cost-effectiveness in secondary health care
Muscle stretching in manual therapy : a clinical manual. Vol. 2, The spinal column and the temporo-mandibular joint
Pocket atlas of sectional anatomy : computer tomography and magnetic resonance imaging / Vol. 1, Head and neck
Manipulation of the spine, thorax, and pelvis : an osteopathic perspective
Multidetector computed tomography of spinal and pelvic fractures with special reference to polytrauma patients
