http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13916 social sector
social sector
Work Engagement of Kindergarten Teachers
Work engagement of kindergarten teachers
Social work and recognition
Interprofessional working : an essential guide for health- and social-care professionals
Leading change in health and social care
Stakes annual report
Learning through field instruction : a guide for teachers and students
"Critical reflection enables practitioners - especially those within health and social care -to theorise from their own practice, improving and developing their work and practising both creatively and professionally. This book provides an accessible overview of the influential Fook/Gardner Critical Reflection framework for students, researchers and professionals. It then presents a wide range of illustrative case studies from a variety of different health and social care settings, demonstrating how it can be used in effective and innovative practice around the world. By highlighting how professionals are actually using the Fook/Gardner model of critical reflection, it shares practical and resourceful ideas and provides specific theoretical and practical guidelines for use. It also further conceptualises and develops the theory of critical reflection by articulating underlying theory used in practice. The book also draws out particular issues for how critical reflection might be better practised within organisations, and develops a framework for a better understanding of this. The book is divided into four parts, discussing critical reflection in: Professional Practice Supervision and Management Research Education Including an up-to-date overview of the framework written by Jan Fook, this helpful text makes a significant contribution in terms of the practical theorizing of critical reflection. It will be of use to health and social care professionals keen to practice creatively and effectively, especially those undertaking short courses or further development in supervision, critical reflection, advanced practice, and leadership and management"--
Purchase of service contracting
Health and social care management : a guide to self-development
Lifeline : texts and exercises
British journal of guidance and counselling
eCompetence for social work
Feedback from Metropolia graduates : studying in an English Degree Program as an Immigrant and their Road to Working Life
A brief overview of working conditions in the care sector
Statistics for social workers
Carers' Viewpoint on Residential Practice : Experiences from Kuninkaantie Residential Unit
Doing action research in your own organization
Dreams and realities : information technology in the human services : the abstracts
Guide of competence and knowledge management
Professional choices : values at work
Group work : a humanistic approach
Good practice in supervision : statutory and voluntary organisations
Learning in the workplace : a toolkit for facilitating learning and assessment in health and social care settings
Clare in the community : series four
Common interest, common good : creating value through business and social sector partnerships
Critical thinking for social work
Guide to European Community grants and loans : for commerce, industry, local authorities, academic and research institutions
Learning that empowers values : cases of social and health care sector and police administration training in Finland
"This book investigates the creation and implementation of enterprise information systems, covering a wide array of topics such as flow-shop scheduling, information systems outsourcing, ERP systems utilization, Dietz transaction methodology, and advanced planning systems"--Provided by publisher.
Dictionary of social field : Finnish - English = Sosiaalialan sanakirja : suomi-englanti
Quality assurance in social care : an introductory workbook
Close work : doing qualitative research in the voluntary sector
4th International Conference on Evaluation for Practice, July 4-6, 2002, Tampere, Finland : programme & abstracts, participant list
Interprofessional and international learning experiences in social and health care higher education in Lahti University of Applied Sciences
Near you
Communicating social support
Managing projects in health and social care
Tunnetaitoja sosiaalialan ammattilaisille = Emotional skills for social professionals
Social tourism in Europe : theory and practice
Working in teams
Making sense of research in nursing, health & social care
Teaching practical social work : a guide for supervisors
Finland as a knowledge economy : elements of success and lessons learned : overview
Towards global and sustainable higher education [Julkaisurekisteriviite] : the GLORE project fostering north-south partnerships in Finnish universities of applied sciences
Social Marketing Environmental Issues
Abstract: The main motivating reason behind the topic area of this thesis is the growing number of immigrants and immigrant children in Finland. Multiculturalism is a current phenomenon in todayʼs society and it brings new challenges to early childhood education and care (ECEC). The objective of this thesis was to develop a practical implementation to the worklife partner, aiming at bringing multicultural education as a theme closer to the everyday reality by using expressive methods. The project was conducted in close co-operation with the Helsinki English Language Montessori Preschool. In this report we defined theories considering early childhood education and multicultural education as concepts. Expressive methods being the main methods applied, we introduced some relevant theories in support as part of the theoretical framework. When working with children expressive methods are a low threshold way of bringing the above mentioned themes closer to childrenʼs experience of the world.  The functional part of the implementation was a weeklong project for five-year-old children. Our goal was to raise the childrenʼs world awareness through expressive methods. We were hoping for active participation that would lead to increased self-understanding. Our work-life partner introduced the need for grouping, which then became one of the objectives.  Multicultural education is a current topic, in particular in the field of ECEC and increasing knowledge and skills about multiculturalism among the educators is extremely vital. Our aim was to bring forward the theme of multiculturalism both with the children and with the professionals working with them. During each session of the project multiculturalism was presented to the children in different ways. We hope that our work life partner will be able to use the report as an inspirational tool in the future.  The well planned sessions turned out to be successful, although raising childrenʼs world awareness, self-understanding and grouping are especially large concepts and quite difficult to measure. We were able to create a positive and an inspiring environment for the children that can enhance learning. Some concerns that emerged during the process were the lack of literature on multicultural education and instructions regarding preschoolʼs everyday challenges. We hope that in the future our project will awaken interest, foster further discussion and research about this current fascinating topic.
When a Child Protection Related Concern Arises : Kindergarten Teachers' Practices
Study skills for Master's level students : a reflective approach for health and social care
Social and caring professions in European welfare states : Policies, services and professional practices
Supporting Children's Self-Esteem in Early Childhood Education : A Play Booklet for Kindergarten Teachers
A survey of Finnish network social welfare and health care projects in the Baltic Countries, St. Petersburg, and the District of Leningrad
Multicultural Education through Expressive Methods in Early Childhood Education
Introduction to research : understanding and applying multiple strategies
Towards global and sustainable higher education : the GLORE project fostering north-south partnerships in Finnish universities of applied sciences
Get better : English for practical nurses
Professional writing for the human services
A developmental outlook for social work education : a report of a Seminar on "Maximising Social Work Potentials for Family Planning and Population Activities", held in Singapore, November 5-15, 1973.
Interprofessional education in Europe : policy and practice
"Portfolio" : understanding and working with Cultural Diversity -asiantuntijavaihto
Moninaisuus mielessä!  a guide about meeting diversity of sexual orientation and gender in the field of social work : report of making a product
Communication skills for working with children and young people : introducing social pedagogy
Enterprise information systems design, implementation and management : organizational applications
Art, games and sensors harnessed to enhance well-being
The purpose of this study was to compile a detail account of working environment for Russian social associations. This is important since the working environment in Russia is different when compared for example to Finland or the United States.For this qualitative research six interviews were conducted. Three interviews were conducted in Russia and three in Finland. Interviewees were association managers, country managers or researchers of this field. The basis for this research was an index developed by the United States Agency for International Development (USAID). This index consists of seven points: Legal environment, Public image, Financial viability, Organization capacity, Advocacy, Service provision, Infrastructure.Russian social associations are under lot of pressure. In a complicated legal environment with weak financial situation and poor public image. Still, many Russian associations are able do very important work.
Encyclopedia of social work
Supervising in the human services : the politics of practice
Lifeline : text and exercises
Plain English for social services
The anatomy of supervision : developing learning and professional competence for social work students
Evaluation is crucial for determining the effectiveness of social programs and interventions. In this nuts and bolts handbook, social work and health care professionals are shown how evaluations should be done, taking the intimidation and guesswork out of this essential task. Current perspectives in social work and health practice, such as the strengths perspective, consumer empowerment, empowerment evaluation, and evidence-based practice, are linked to evaluation concepts throughout the book to emphasize their importance. This book makes evaluation come alive with comprehensive examples of each different type of evaluation, such as a strengths-based needs assessment in a local community, a needs assessment for Child Health Plus programs, comprehensive program descriptions of HIV services and community services for the aged, a model for goals and objectives in programs for people with mental illness, a monitoring study of private practice social work, and process evaluations of a Medicare advocacy program and a health advocacy program to explain advance directives. Equal emphasis is given to both quantitative and qualitative data analysis with real examples that make statistics and concepts in qualitative analysis un-intimidating. By integrating both evaluation and research methods and assuming no previous knowledge of research, this book makes an excellent reference for professionals working in social work and health settings who are now being called upon to conduct or supervise program evaluation and may need a refresher on research methods. With a pragmatic approach that includes survey design, data collection methods, sampling, analysis, and report writing, it is also an excellent text or classroom resource for students new to the field of program evaluation.
Teaching practical social work
"Communicating in the Health Sciences, third edition is an accessible and engaging introduction to communication within the health sciences. It explores the nature of communication and the communication issues facing students and professionals in the health sciences. It explores the nature of communication and the communication issues facing students and professionals in the health sciences. It addresses a number of important skills, such as interpersonal communication; preparation for effective study; writing records, referrals and academic pieces; intercultural communication; and leading groups. This third edition follows a new five part structure: Understanding Communication, Learning to Communicate, Communicating in the Workplace, Communicating in Teams and Doing Advanced Communication. It also includes a new chapter on 'Digital Communication in a Networked World' and key term definitions in the margins."--Publisher's website.
Abstract: The purpose of this study was to find out the factors of work engagement of kindergarten teachers and the elements of these factors. Work engagement is one part of work well-being. This final thesis was a qualitative study. The method for collecting data was theme interview, which is a qualitative study method. For this study I interviewed five kindergarten teachers. The data were analyzed by thematic analysis. As a theoretical framework I used work engagement, which is divided into three dimensions: vigor, dedication and absorption. Besides these three dimensions, I studied the factors of work engagement of kindergarten teachers from the perspective of job resources, job demands and personal resources. The results of the study contained information of the factors and elements of work engagement of kindergarten teachers that I was able to categorize into five different stages of work engagement: the core of the work, the organizing of work, the communication and management stage, the organizational stage and the personal stage. All of the three dimensions of work engagement clearly emerged from the data. The results of this study lead to a conclusion that the factors and elements of work engagement of kindergarten teachers are versatile. The results of this study might possibly be of help in strengthening the work engagement factors of kindergarten teachers as well as in recognizing the factors that can negatively influence the experience of work engagement of kindergarten teachers. People who are responsible for developing the field of early childhood education might benefit from the results of this study.
Going inter-professional : working together for health and welfare
Carersʼ viewpoint on residential practice: experiences from Kuninkaantie residential unit
Statistical yearbook. 2005 = Annuaire statistique. 2005
Managing conflict
Täyttä elämää kaikille : ylempi AMK -symposium III = Full life for all : UAS Master symposium III : proceedings
Social protection in the nordic countries 2005 : scope, expenditure and financing
Statistics on social work education in the United States : 1996
Social work education in Europe : a comprehensive description of social work education in 21 European countries
Critical reflection in context : applications in health and social care
Social work practice with groups : a clinical perspective
Scandinavian journal of social welfare
Political agency and general practice : a critical policy study of EU Tacis assistance to social sector  reform in the Republic of Karelia
The future of European social policy : views and comments expressed at the Conference on The Future of European Social Policy, University of Utrecht (The Netherlands) 25 and 26 April 1989
Intercultural and interprofessional environment in the social and health care higher education at Lahti University of Applied Sciences
The role of civic organizations in the provision of social services : towards sunergy
Ten Commandments in a Child's Everyday Life : A tool for an Educator to Support a Child's Moral Development
Social work research and evaluation : foundations of evidence-based practice
Social welfare and health care organizations in Finland
Strategic tools for social entrepreneurs : Enchancing the Performance of your Enterprising Nonprofit
Social work in Europe - descriptions, analysis and theories
Supervision in the helping professions
Successful project management in social work and social care : managing resources, assessing risks and measuring outcomes
Communication and interpersonal skills
Training students in "problems worth solving" : case Global Venture Lab Finland
Abstract: The purpose of our study was to increase kindergarten teachersʼ awareness of the importance of supporting childrenʼs self-esteem by creating a play booklet.  We made a functional thesis that consists of a report and a concrete product, a booklet for kindergarten teachers. The subject was discussed with our working-life partner, Helsinki Cityʼs kindergarten, since we wanted to work along their wishes. Based on Michele Borbaʼs self-esteem model we chose five activities that aim to support the different elements of self-esteem of children aged four to five years. When planning the activities we took into consideration this age groupʼs self-esteem, motor and social skills development. To guarantee the functionality of the activities we tested them with our working-life partner. One of the evaluation methods was to gather feedback of the booklet from our working-life partner and one other kindergarten. The idea is that the booklet can be adapted to every kindergartenʼs daily routines and to the kindergarten teachersʼ different ways of working. Ideally each of the activities would be organized with the same group of children and the bookletʼs order of the activities would be followed. This secures the development of self-esteem will be approached holistically.  The chosen theoretical framework successfully supports the booklet and its activities. We managed to create a well-functioning booklet that can be applied to kindergarten teachersʼ various ways of working. With this study we did not evaluate how the activities affect childrenʼs self-esteem, and thus it would be meaningful to conduct a further study about it.
Indigenous social work around the world : towards culturally relevant education and practice
Client violence in social work practice : prevention, intervention, and research
Core social work : international theory, values and practice
A beginner's guide to evidence based practice in health and social care professions
This volume brings together prominent international scholars involved in both western and indigenous social work to discuss some of the most significant global trends and issues relating to indigenous and cross-cultural social work.
An overview of the working environment of the Russian social association
Research synergies in social professions / edited by Maria Michailidis, Silvia Fargion and Robert Sanders
Expert : English for practical nurses : äänite
Your foundation in health and social care : a guide for foundation degree studies
Government, evaluation and change
Abstract: The objective of this thesis was to study the viewpoint of carers towards residential practice in Kuninkaantie Residential Unit. Kuninkaantie Residential Unit is a residential unit for children and youngsters with disabilities in Espoo, Finland, which was opened in autumn   2010.   It offers temporary care for children and residential practice for youngsters. This final thesis was implemented by interviewing the carers of the youngsters in residential practice concerning both their experiences and expectations towards the service. The aim of this thesis was to gather material based on which the residential practice can be improved in Kuninkaantie Residential Unit. This thesis was a qualitative study and six interviews were carried out as thematic interviews at the intervieweesʼ homes. Tentative questions had been divided into themes based on theories. These themes were; Co-operation, quality of life, and independent life.  The results of the thesis show  that mainly positive thoughts rose from the experiences of the carers. Especially the staff members and their knowhow were appreciated. Still, the information flow and general co-operation had been marginal and there were many opinions concerning the need for them. Some thought that the official residential practice had not  yet started and there was a hope for a possibility of common meetings in the future. The carers wanted to approach the function of the residential unit gently as it had started to function just recently. The actual building was criticized by nearly all the interviewees as from their point of view it limits the possibilities to a great extent. Individuality and planning the actions based on individuality were highlighted. This thesis process shows the importance of co-operation and working closely with the carers in order to improve the service for youngsters with disabilities. The co-operation enables the youngster to have a successful residential practice period based on empowerment, which will in the end lead to equal and good quality of life.
eHealth and new learning environments in social and health care education
The social entrepreneur : making communities work
Intercultural and Interprofessional Environment in the Social and Health Care Higher Education at Lahti University of Applied Sciences
Study skills for health and social care students
Get better : english for practical nurses
Social workers and their practice in welfare bureaucracies
Communicating in the health sciences
Understanding wellbeing : an introduction for students and practitioners of health and social care
Surviving your social work placement
EU-Canada social work practicum exchage : an EU perspective of opportunities and challenges
The social work dictionary
Motivations Behind Prosocial Behaviour : Why Plan Finland's long-term volunteers participate in the work and how they communicate about it to others.
Total quality management in human service organizations
Social entrepreneurship : a skills approach
Institutional and cultural aspects in the export of professional services : case study of entrepreneurship education programme in health and wellcare
Ten commandments in a child's everyday life: a tool for an educator to support a child's moral development
Abstract: This functional final thesis was done in co-operation with the Lutheran Evangelical Association of Finland (LEAF). The aim of the thesis was to provide a tool for Sunday school teachers and other educators to support a childʼs moral development. The moral view in the Ten Commandments in a Childʼs Everyday Life curriculum is based on the Bible and Lutheran doctrine about the Ten Commandments. As the main method the curriculum presents ten imaginative stories from the everyday lives of children, giving examples of how the Commandments could be encountered in a childʼs life. In addition, the curriculum provides paper puppets with background scenes and symbol cards to go along with the stories, as well as suggestions for the teachers for songs and crafts.   The theoretical framework of this thesis is the moral development of children. The different parts of the curriculum have been planned to teach the Ten Commandments through methods that are suitable for children under seven years old. The aim of keeping the full Lutheran Catechismal form of the Commandments set a real challenge for the curriculum targeting children of a wide age range. Therefore, the curriculum was developed even further during the process of the thesis to better meet the developmental needs of different age groups.   The product was tested in two testing rounds in several different groups: in the first round in a LEAFʼs family camp and in one Sunday school group, in the second round in two LEAFʼs Sunday school groups. Based on the feedback received from the second round of testing, the material was found to be supportive for the moral development of children. However, the whole extent of the curriculum was not tested in the second round. Therefore, the feedback cannot be fully applied to the material.   The tool also received developmental ideas that were not implemented as a part of this thesis process. However, these ideas can be used as the starting point for further development in the future. The feedback gave ideas for how the curriculum could be developed to make it even more suitable for the youngest children in the group. Ideas were also given to make the material more organized and manageable for such a short lesson time.
Professional supervision in group care : a contract-based approach
Encyclopedia of social work. 1997, Supplement
Stress and burnout in the human service professions
The Blackwell encyclopaedia of social work
Schools and social work
Team leaders and team managers in social services
Researching voluntary and community action : the potential of qualitative case studies
Expert : English for practical nurses
First steps in practitioner research : a guide to understanding and doing research in counselling and health and social care
Lean startups for social change : the revolutionary path to big impact
Abstract: The purpose of this study was to conduct an evaluation study based on the feedback from former students with immigrant background of the English Degree Program in Social Services (DPSS) with the help of interviews. The idea of the evaluation was to harness what elements in the curriculum of the degree program had been useful during the studies and for later working life. The evaluation study was divided into three parts including their feedback on the study curriculum, studying in a multicultural environment and experiences on the process towards working life. A qualitative approach was used in carrying out the study. Semi structured interviews were used in collecting data. The study was focused on the individuals experiences and personal opinions in order for it to be able to provide a detailed feedback for the working life partner. Former students of the English degree program with immigrant background were contacted and six interviews were used for this study including two teacher interviews. The findings showed that the curriculum and the multicultural study environment generally played a supportive role for the former students of the DPSS. Work placements were regarded as the most beneficial element of the curriculum regarding employment opportunities in Finland. In conclusion, the results indicate that although there was a certain amount of dissatisfaction regarding the English language skills used in teaching, students were generally satisfied. The students were mainly motivated about getting a bachelor's certificate since they knew that the degree program will provide them one.
Way to welfare : English for social services
Intervention research : developing social programs
Handbook of program evaluation for social work and health professionals
The profession and practice of consultation
Working with emotions : responding to the challenge of difficult pupil behaviour in schools
Education of social security in Finnish universities
Abstract: This functional final thesis was done as part of the OSMOS project of Metropolia University of Applied Sciences and the Eastern Family Centre of Helsinki City Social Services Department. The product of the final thesis – Integration Cards – was designed for instructors working with immigrant women to support the integration of immigrants into Finnish society. The product consists of discussion cards with two themes – ̋Finnish culture ̋ and  ̋Services ̋ – and helping questions and advice related to the cards for the instructor. For easy availability the product was created in a PDF format.     The theoretical framework of this final thesis is social pedagogy and its related means of interaction and dialogue. The cards are designed to be used in various groups for immigrant women where the participants can share information and experiences and learn from each other. The aim of the cards is to promote the adaptation of immigrant women into the new culture through the use of dialogue and interaction with each other. The cards also promote the learning of the Finnish language.     Both of the themes, Finnish culture and Services, include ten topics for discussion. On each card there is a picture and a Finnish word referring to the topic. The picture is designed to be understandable even if a participant is not familiar with the Finnish word. The role of the instructor is to lead the discussion, evoke further questions and provide information about Finnish culture and services.     The product was tested in groups of immigrant women and the results show that the use of the cards promotes interaction and dialogue and helps the instructors to deal with topics related to integration together with the participants. However, the outcomes are closely related to the structure of the group and the language skills of the participants. Future possibilities would be to develop the cards further by creating more themes according to the needs of participants.
Research, education and environment on the Barents region : papers presented at a seminar in Murmansk, 13 - 14 June 2003
Language teaching in the social work curriculum
Cram 101 textbook outlines to accompany: Health care management: Organization design and behavior by Shortell
Supporting children's self-esteem in early childhood education: a play booklet for kindergarten teachers
Integration cards: a tool for instructors working with immigrant women
The owner-managers of social care companies : the content of work and work-related well-being
The Social welfare act of Finland : the act entered into force on January 1st 1984 ; Statute on social welfare in Finland : the statute entered into force on January 1st 1984
Two steps to Ithaka : Hungarian-Finnish network for a new model in social work education
Moninaisuus Mielessä! A Guide about Meeting Diversity of Sexual Orientation and Gender in the Field of Social Work : Report of Making a Product
Services 2020 : competences in the international service society : final report
The social work dictionary : 5th Edition
Online and face-to-face role-play simulations in promoting social work students  argumentative problem-solving
Supervision meets education : supervision in the bachelor of social work in Europe
Social policy and society : a journal of the Social Policy Association
