http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13958 Water Act
Water Act
Public participation in River Wei treatment project, China
International trade in water rights : the next step
Finnish environmental legislation
Creating legal space for water user organizations : transparency, governance and the law
Gardens and neighbors : private water rights in Roman Italy
International law and the environment
As the development of economy, the contradiction between the ecological environment and natural resources on the one hand and economic and social development on the other is becoming increasingly conspicuous. The problem of water environment is particularly severe, the pollution of water becoming one of the greatest problems. Public participation mechanism has already become an inevitable tool to be introduced into governments' environmental Acts and Policies to resolve the confrontations. This paper compares some of the practices in developed countries, with those of China. It is apparent that the country has still a long way to go in certain areas of environmental protection lawmaking. At present, there are only general rules about public participating environment protection in Chinese environment protection laws, and lack of a practical channel of public participation. This is shown upon analyzing some successful oversea cases and domestic cases with water pollution treatment in which the practice proves that public participation and building NGOs is one of the important factors. Eventually, through analyzing the cases with River Wei protection, this paper figures out the urgency and importance of public participation in the water environmental protection and suggests that government has to establish and develop more canonical and perfect public participation mechanism to resolve the water environment conflicts.
European Community environment legislation. Vol. 6, Waste
European Community environment legislation. Vol. 7, Water
Administrative structures and implementation of the Community directives on the dangerous substances discharged into the aquatic environment
Aquaculture and the environment in the European Community
Right to water and the protection of fundamental rights in hungary
