http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13983 environmental accounting
environmental accounting
Pollution : economy and environment
Corporate environmental reporting in Finland : voluntary disclosure in annual reports of large firms
Business management & environmental stewardship
Environmental policy and fiscal federalism : selected essays of Wallace E. Oates
Green reporting : accountancy and the challenge of the nineties
An Integrated Approach to business studies
Accounting for sustainable development performance
Valuing recreation and the environment : revealed preference methods in theory and practice
The environment in corporate management : new directions and economic insights
Environmental management accounting and supply chain management
Collective action in implementation of a “greener” performance measurement system.
Environmental and material flow cost accounting : principles and procedures
Contemporary environmental accounting : issues, concepts and practice
Environmental accounting in theory and practice
Greening the accounts
Perspectives in  business ethics
Social and environmental accounting
Accounting for the environment
The triple bottom line: does it all add up? : assessing the sustainability of business and CSR
The greening of accountancy : the profession after Pearce
Sustainable development : success stories. Vol. 4
Accounting for sustainable forestry management : a case study
Accounting for the environment (The greening of accountancy, part 2)
Contemporary issues in sustainability accounting, assurance and reporting
Economic instruments for air pollution control
Handbook of environmental accounting
Company environmental reporting : a measure of the progress of business & industry towards sustainable development
The valuation of social cost
Measuring corporate environmental performance : best practices for costing and managing an effective environmental strategy
Introduction to foodservice
Environmental management accounting and sustainable supply chains : EMAN-EU 2007 conference : Helsinki University of Technology 24.-25.5.2007
Cost-benefit analysis : environmental and ecological perspectives
Starting a Business from Home : all the ideas and advice you need to build a profitable venture
Accounting for sustainability : practical insights
Environmental accounting for the sustainable corporation : strategies and techniques
Making money and saving the environment in an imperfect world
Environmental accounting : emergy and environmental decision making
Environmental reporting in financial sector
Advances in environmental accounting & management. Vol. 2
Green marketing & management : a global perspective
Environmental diplomacy : negotiating more effective global agreements
Green accounting in Europe : a comparative study. Vol. 2
The world guide to CSR : a country-by-country analysis of corporate sustainability and responsibility
International business
Sustainability accounting and reporting
Environmental management accounting : purpose and progress
Accounting and financial reporting for environmental costs and liabilities
National environmental accounting : bridging the gap between ecology and economy
Tools and techniques of environmental accounting for business decisions
Environmental management accounting for cleaner production
Advances in environmental accounting & management. Vol. 1
Environmental learning for the 21st century
Environmental social accounting matrices : theory and applications
Eco-Efficiency by Eco-Controlling : on the implementation of EMAS and ISO 14001
Green accounting, air pollution and health
An almost practical step towards "green" accounting?
Environmental reporting in Finland : voluntary disclosure in annual reports of large firms
Greening the balanced scorecard
Sustainability accounting and accountability
Environmental strategy and sustainable development : the corporate challenge for the twenty-first century
Cost accounting methods for construction projects in North-West Russia : case study Pöyry CM Oy
Defining materiality in corporate social responsibility : case Metso corporation
Natural resource and environmental economics
Accountability, social responsibility and sustainability : accounting for society and the environment
(Un)Routinization of the environmental performance measures : a case study : BSC rules but does not routinize
The corporate environment : the financial consequences for business
Economic valuation of the environment : methods and case studies
Borders of management : five studies of accounting, organizing and the environment
Environmental management systems and certification
Description:  A firm understanding of international business is a requirement for any player in today's business world.This collection of insightful readings is unique in that it presents the key concerns and issues in the international business field, offering U. S., Asian and European perspectives. The ongoing globalization of national economies is highlighted, together with the role of multilateral institutions. The efforts of federal and local governments to affect trade and investment are discussed, covering export controls, export promotion and investment measures. The book then addresses the internationalization of the business functions by analyzing various dimensions of management, marketing, finance and accounting. It concludes by focusing on the implementation of global strategy and the emergence of dimensions such as the environment and regionalization.   Author Description:   Professor Michael R. Czinkota is on the faculty of the Georgetown School of Business in Washington, DC. He has been Chairman of the National Centre for Export-Import Studies there, and also developed and directed the marketing management course for the school's MBA program. Dr. Czinkota served in the US Government as Deputy Assistant Secretary of Commerce. Prior to his entering academia, he was a partner in a trading firm and an advertising agency.  Dr. Masaaki Kotabe is Professor of Marketing and International Business and also Director of Research at the Centre for International Business Education and Research at the University of Texas at Austin. In the Fourth Quarter 1994 issue of the Journal of International Business Studies, the leading international business journal, Dr. Kotabe is ranked the sixth most productive contributor in international business research in the past 25 years. He is also an elected member of the New York Academy of Sciences.  Contents:   Contents:   Part I: The Global Environment:  1. The World Trade Organization--Perspectives and Prospects: Michael R. Czinkota (Georgetown University).  2. America's New World Trade Order: Michael R. Czinkota (Georgetown University) and Masaaki            Kotabe (University of Texas at Austin).  3. Global Neighbours: Poor Relations: Michael R. Czinkota (Georgetown University).  4. Assessment of Shifting Global Competitiveness: Patent Applications and Grants in Four Major              Trading Countries: Masaaki Kotabe and Eli P. Cox III (University of Texas at Austin).   Part II: The Role and Influence of Government:  5. Export Controls: Providing Security in a Volatile Environment: Michael R. Czinkota (Georgetown 6. A Marketing Perspective of the U. S. International Trade Commission's Antidumping Actions--An Empirical Inquiry: Michael R. Czinkota (Georgetown University) and Masaaki Kotabe (University of Texas at Austin).  7. A National Export Assistance Policy for New and Growing Businesses: Michael R. Czinkota                      (Georgetown University).  8. State Government Promotion of Manufacturing Exports: A Gap Analysis: Michael R. Czinkota                      (Georgetown University) and Masaaki Kotabe (University of Texas at Austin).   Part III: Management Dimensions:  9. Revisiting Multinational Firms' Tolerance For Joint Ventures: A Trust-Based Approach: A. Madhok (University of Utah).  10. The Role of Strategic Alliances in High-Technology New Product Development: Masaaki Kotabe  and K. Scott Swan (University of Texas at Austin).  11. The Return of 7-Eleven from Japan: The Vanguard Program: Masaaki Kotabe (University of Texas at Austin).   Part IV: Marketing Dimensions:  12. Product Development the Japanese Way: Michael Czinkota (Georgetown University) and Masaaki Kotabe (University of Texas at Austin).  13. The "Depth" of the Japanese Market Orientation: A Comparison Across Ranks and Functions with U.S. Firms: Masaaki Kotabe (University of Texas at Austin) and Aldo R. Lanctot, Jr.(Dell Computer Corporation, Advanced Technology Group).  14. Marketing in Central and Eastern Europe: An Assessment of Strategic Options: Michael R.      Czinkota (Georgetown University), Helmut Gaisbauer WirtschaftsuniversitÄt Wien) and Reiner Springer (Wirtschaftsuniversität Wien).   Part V: Financial and Accounting Dimensions:  15. Exchange Rate Fluctuations, Pass-Through, and Market Share: Kenichi Ohno (Economist,                      International Monetary Fund, Middle Eastern Department).  16. Options Thinking and Platform Investments: Investing in Opportunity: Bruce (Nalin Kulatilaka). 17. Another Hidden Edge--Japanese Management Accounting: Toshiro Hiromoto (Hitotsubashi                      University, Tokyo).   Part VI: Implementing Global Strategy:  18. How the U. S. Can be Number One Again: Resurrecting the Industrial Policy Debate: Peter R.  Dickson (University of Wisconsin-Madison) and Michael R. Czinkota (Georgetown University).  19. Global Sourcing Strategy in the Pacific: American and Japanese Multinational Companies: Masaaki Kotabe (University of Texas at Austin).  20. Third Generation R & D: Mark Kelser, Diana Kolstad and W. E. Clarke (All Chemicals Practice,      Arthur D. Little, Inc.).   Part VII: Emerging Issues:  21. It Pays to Be Green: The Managerial Incentive Structure and Environmentally Sound Strategies:Giulio M. Gallarotti (Wesleyan University).  22. Globalization Versus Regionalization: Which Way For the Multinational?: Allen J. Morrison      (University of Western Ontario), David A. Ricks (University of South Carolina College) and Kendall     Roth (University of South Carolina).  23. Sustainable Development vs. Global Environment: Resolving the Conflict: S. Fred Singer (University of Virginia).
The business guide to sustainability : practical strategies and tools for organizations
Accounting & accountability : changes and challenges in corporate social and environmental reporting
Activity-based cost and environmental management : a different approach to ISO 14000 compliance
Environmental accounting
Implementing environmental management accounting : status and challenges
Improving Governments' Role in the Promotion of Environmental Managerial Accounting : an iniative of the United Nations Division for Sustainable Development : first meeting, Washington DC, 30-31 August 1999
An introduction to corporate environmental management : striving for sustainability
Economic and competitive environment analysis in the formulation of strategy : a decision-oriented study utilizing self-organizing maps
Trends in international business : critical perspectives
Green ledgers : case studies in corporate environmental accounting
Green accounting
Corporate environmental accounting
Environmental accounting for decision-making
Pricing nature : Cost–Benefit Analysis and environmental policy
Interpretations of corporate talk about social responsibility
Environmental issues in financial reporting : document for the accounting advisory forum
The sustainable MBA : the manager's guide to green business
Handbook of input-output economics in industrial ecology
Economics of natural resources and the environment
Corporate carbon and climate accounting
The role of accounting in management control systems of firms having subsidiaries in the former Soviet Union
Contemporary environmental accounting : issues, contents and practice
Environmental management, environmental accounting and financial performance
On the welfare significance of green accounting as taught by parable
Determinants of environmental profit : an analysis of the firm-level relationship between environmental performance and economic performance
National accounts and the environment
Accountability and social accounting for social and non-profit organizations
The quality of published accounting information in Russia
The development and use of standards by non-state actors : a study of the dynamics of regulating sustainability assurance
