http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13956 mangas
mangas
20th Century Boys 6 : final hope
20th Century Boys 10 : faceless boy
The Melancholy of Haruhi Suzumiya 10.
Schoolgirl milky crisis : adventures in the anime and manga trade
20th Century Boys 7 : the truth
Naruto. Kakashi's story : lightning in the frozen sky
Future Diary 3.
Angel sanctuary. Vol. 1 / [English adaptation Marv Wolfman]
Manga in America : transnational book publishing and the domestication of Japanese comics
How to draw manga : colorful costumes
Angel sanctuary. Vol. 2 / [English adaptation Marv Wolfman]
The art of Osamu Tezuka : God of Manga
Sakura Hime 1 : The Legend of Princess Sakura
The unconventional teacher and his peers : analyzing the educational ideologies of the teachers in Tohru Fujisawa's Great Teacher Onizuka manga
Inubaka : Crazy for dogs. 1
How to draw manga : bishoujo : pretty gals
Young artists draw manga
20th Century Boys 12 : Friend's face
Naruto : the official character data book
The Disappearance of Nagato Yuki-Chan v. 1
Mangatopia : essays on manga and anime in the modern world
Earl and the Fairy 2.
Shojo fashion manga art school, year 2 : draw modern looks
The Melancholy of Haruhi Suzumiya 9.
How to draw manga. Volume 5 : developing Shoujo Manga techniques
I am a hero. Omnibus 1
The Melancholy of Haruhi Suzumiya 5.
Demon Sacred Volume 1.
Christopher Hart's draw manga now! : Anatomy 101
How to draw manga : illustrating battles
20th century boys 1 : friends
Cat Paradise 4.
Morphological characterization of neuronal  and non-neuronal phenotypes of the human  neuroblastoma SH-SY5Y cell line
The Osamu Tezuka story : a life in manga and anime
20th century boys 9 : rabbit Nabokov
Inubaka : Crazy for dogs. 2
The Story of Lee v. 1.
Demon Sacred Volume 2.
Christopher Hart's draw manga now! : top ten essentials
Earl and the Fairy 1.
Pandora hearts : odds and ends
Finnish fandom of Japanese popular culture : what are the Finns doing for anime, manga, and J-rock?
The Melancholy of Haruhi Suzumiya 6.
The art of Nausicaa ̈of the Valley of the Wind : watercolor impressions
The Melancholy of Haruhi Suzumiya 7.
Angel sanctuary. Vol. 6 / [translation Alexis Kirsch] ; [English adaptation Matt Segale]
Flowers of Evil Vol. 1.
Higurashi When They Cry : Demon Exposing Arc
The Melancholy of Haruhi Suzumiya 3.
1000 ideas by 100 manga artists
Manufacturing, mechanical properties and corrosion behaviour of high-Mn TWIP steels  Atef Saad Hamada
20th Century Boys 15 : expo hurray
How to draw manga : Guns & military. Volume 1
20th Century Boys 13 : beginning of the end
How to draw manga : occult & horror
Shakespeare's Romeo and Juliet : the manga edition
Bleach Masked : official character book 2
20th century boys 16 : Beyond the looking glass
Akira club : the memory of Akira lives on in our hearts!
Mastering the art of manga : learn to draw manga step by step with over 1000 illustrations
20th Century Boys 8 : Kenji's song
Moon and Blood 1.
Draw manga : complete techniques : the ultimate step-by-step guide to creating your own manga world
Earl and the Fairy 3.
Fabrication, electrical characterization and 1/f noise study of submicron-sized superconducting tunnel junctions
Manga clip art : create your own professional-looking manga artwork
Attack on Titan : lost girls
20th Century Boys 14 : boy and a dream
500 manga villains and heroes
The Melancholy of Haruhi Suzumiya 4.
20th century boys 2 : prophet
Angel sanctuary. Vol. 4 / [English adaptation Marv Wolfman]
20th Century Boys 21 : arrival of the space aliens
Computational studies of chemical looping combustion materials and CO2 activating surfaces
Manga for the beginner kawaii : everything you need to draw the supercute characters of Japanese comics
Christopher Hart's draw manga now! : shoujo basics
Peace maker Kurogane. Vol. 1
Shakespeare's Hamlet : the manga edition
Inubaka : Crazy for dogs. 4
Techniques for drawing female manga characters
HeartQuest : romantic roleplaying in the world of shojo manga
Tiger & Bunny : The Beginning Side A.
Earl and the Fairy 4.
The Melancholy of Haruhi Suzumiya 2.
The Practical Step-by-Step Guide to Drawing Cartoons Manga and Anime : Expert techniques and projects, shown in more than 2500  illustrations
How to draw manga : more about pretty gals
Shakespeare's Macbeth : the manga edition
Future Diary 6.
How to draw manga : getting started : basic tools, tips and techniques for aspiring artists
20th century boys 17 : Cross-counter
Manga techniques. Vol. 2 : drawing manga for advanced learners
Naruto : the official fanbook
Photoinhibition of photosystem II : kinetics, photoprotection and mechanism
The anime companion : what's Japanese in Japanese animation?
Naruto. Itachi's Story : [Daylight]
Inubaka : Crazy for dogs. 3
OVA : open versatile anime role-playing game
Neon Genesis Evangelion : Shinji Ikari Detective Diary 1
20th Century Boys 5 : reunion
Future Diary 4.
20th century boys 11 : list of ingredients
The Moé manifesto : an insider's look at the worlds of manga, anime, and gaming
Attack on Titan. 19
I am a hero. Omnibus 2
Future Diary 5.
Angel sanctuary. Vol. 3 / [English adaptation Marv Wolfman]
.hack : legend of the twilight. 3
The Melancholy of Suzumiya Haruhi-Chan 01.
Naruto. Shikamaru's story : cloud drifting in the silent dark
