http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13998 housing loans
housing loans
Monitoring the uptake and the effectiveness of the Voluntary Code of Conduct on Pre-contractual Information for Home Loans : Country report, Finland
Place, exclusion, and mortgage markets
The foreseeable tightening of bank capital requirements will only marginally add to bank costs and, by extension, to loan margins. The other side of the coin is that the most important tool at the disposal of the Financial Supervisory Authority for preventing threats to stability from excessive credit growth - the countercyclical capital buffer requirement - may turn out to be a more ineffective macroprudential instrument than hoped for. Regulation of minimum risk weights for housing loans is likely to be a more effective tool for reining in excessive growth in lending for house purchase..
Nordic financial sector vulnerable to housing market risks
Finland's neighbouring countries have actively adopted macroprudential instruments to counter stability risks relating to lending for house purchase. Sweden and Norway are taking strong measures to restrain housing credit growth and the associated risks. Of the Baltic States, Estonia and Lithuania, in turn, have imposed limits on the maximum loan servicing costs and length of housing loans so as to prevent risks proactively. Finland has adopted new macroprudential instruments more slowly. The loan-to-value cap that will enter into force in Finland in summer 2016 is more lenient than the requirements imposed in neighbouring countries..
Asuntohallituksen tilastoja 1949-1990 = Bostadsstyrelsens statistik 1949-1990 = Statistics of the National Housing Board
Home ownership in a risk society : a social analysis of mortgage arrears and possessions
Tightening regulation has only a limited impact on loan margins
House prices have in the past 10 years risen in the Helsinki Metropolitan Area faster than in the other large Finnish cities. The widening price gap may reflect the increasing attractiveness of the Helsinki Metropolitan Area relative to the other major cities. At the same time, the decline in housing loan interest rates has reduced the user cost of owner-occupied housing. This may also explain why house prices have risen in areas where the supply of housing has not grown correspondingly..
Taxation and debt financing of home acquisition : evidence from the Finnish 1993 tax reform
Housing and social change in Europe and the USA
The growth of urban home-ownership in Finland 1950-1980
Apartment ownership and mortgage finance in Lithuania = Busto nuosavybe ir busto kreditavimas Lietuvoje
Housing policy guidelines : the experience of ECE with special reference to countries in transition
Suomalaisia asuntoryhmiä : valtion lainoittamaa asuntotuotantoa vuosilta 1984-1995 = Residential environments in Finland : state subsidized housing production from 1984-1995
VÄESTÖLASKENTA 1990 : 3 : ASUNTOKUNNAT JA .. = Folkräkningen 1990 = Population census 1990.
Broke, USA : from pawnshops to Poverty, Inc. : how the working poor became big business
Housing finance markets in transition economies : trends and challenges
Interaction between housing prices and household borrowing : the Finnish case
Low interest rates reflected in house prices
The financial crisis
A comparative happiness and utility analysis between mortgage financed owner-occupation and renting
Suomalaisia asuntoryhmiä : valtion lainoittamaa asuntotuotantoa vuosilta 1984-1990 = Residential environments in Finland : state subsidized housing production from 1984-1990
Housing. Volume 2, Subsidies and transactions
Interaction between housing prices and household borrowing in Finland
Abstract (1 s.). Summary (2 s.).
Household indebtedness is high in the Nordic countries. Housing loans are a significant part of banks' business, and covered bonds are important for banks both as sources of funding and as investments. The large size of the Nordic banking sector, its high degree of concentration and its interconnectedness with insurance companies increase the importance of housing market-related risks for the financial system and the economy as a whole. The materialisation of threats would increase losses in lending and investment activities and the cost of funding..
Summary (s. 15-20).
Studies on owner-occupied housing, taxation and portfolio choice
Confessions of a subprime lender : an insider's tale of greed, fraud, and ignorance
Explains how we got into the current economic disaster that developed out of the economics and politics of the housing boom and bust. The "creative" financing of home mortgages and "creative" marketing of financial securities based on these mortgages to countries around the world, are part of the story of how a financial house of cards was built up--and then collapsed.
Unravelling the credit crunch
Taxation and debt financing of home acquisition : evidence from the Finnish tax reform
Essays on real-time macroeconomic forecasting
New series on home mortgage yields since 1951
The subprime virus : reckless credit, regulatory failure, and next steps
Finland's neighbours rein in lending for house purchase
The end of Wall Street
A cross-country study of market-based housing finance
The Big short
The subprime solution : how today's global financial crisis happened and what to do about it
China and the mortgaging of America : economic interdependence and domestic politics
How to buy your own house in Finland : a practical guide for newcomers
The big short
The housing boom and bust
The credit channel of monetary policy and housing markets : international empirical evidence
