http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13928 drinks
drinks
The owners of The Dead Rabbit Grocery and Grog share recipes for their signature cocktails and drinks, including peach blow fizz, hot whiskey toddy, and scotch daisy.
The ultimate bar book : the comrehensive guide to over 1,000 cocktails
The drunken botanist : the plants that create the world's great drinks
Liquid intelligence : the art and science of the perfect cocktail
Tequila mockingbird : cocktails with a literary twist
The New York bartender's guide
Star cocktails : classic drinks from classic movies
The modern mixologist : contemporary classic cocktails
Bitters : a spirited history of a classic cure-all, with cocktails, recipes, and formulas
Cocktails and after dinner drinks
The ultimate cocktail book
Imbibe! : from absinthe cocktail to whiskey smash, a salute in stories and drinks to "Professor" Jerry Thomas, pioneer of the American bar
The bloody mary : a conoisseur's guide to the world's most complex cocktail
Spritz : Italy's most iconic aperitivo cocktail, with recipes
"A lively, historically informed, and definitive guide to classic American cocktails. Cocktail writer and historian David Wondrich presents the colorful, little-known history of classic American drinks--and the ultimate mixologist's guide--in this engaging homage to Jerry Thomas, father of the American bar. Wondrich reveals never-before-published details and stories about this larger-than-life nineteenth-century figure, along with definitive recipes for 100 punches, cocktails, sours, fizzes, toddies, slings, and other essential drinks, plus twenty new recipes from today's top mixologists, created exclusively for this book. This colorful and good-humored volume is a must-read for anyone who appreciates the timeless appeal of a well-made drink--and the uniquely American history behind it"--Publisher description.
The complete guide to cocktails and drinks : how to create fantastic drinks using spirits, ligueurs, wine, beer and mixers
The Australian bartender's guide to cocktails
The new New York bartender's guide
Cool smoothies : juices and coctails
The craft of the cocktail : everything you need to know to be a master bartender, with 500 recipes
"A cocktail guide for the 21st century, complete with 60 recipes for new and classic drinks. Full-color photography throughout, with tips on ingredients, barware, and technique"--Provided by publisher.
Classic vodka
"A narrative-driven book on the surprising history and current revival of spritz cocktails (a wine-based drink served as an aperitif), with 50 recipes, including both historical classics and modern updates"--
This introduction to the history, science and varieties of alcoholic beverages is essential for today's hospitality manager. Written as a practical guide, this book helps managers understand wines, beers and spirits - from the history of alcohol to the marketing and selling of it. The user-friendly approach teaches wine by the grape, beers by the type of yeast used in fermentation, and spirits by breaking them into two categories (aged or non-aged and fruit or grain-based). This edition includes a new forward by Ken Rubin, a logical reorganization of early chapters, and material devoted to the management and marketing of beverage operations.
The complete bartender's guide
Calvados - the world's premier apple brandy : tasting, facts and travel
Managing beverage operations
Coctail menu as a part of a beverage program : is it profitable?
Cocktail culture : recipes & techniques from behind the bar
The world encyclopedia of coffee
Shaken & stirred : Douglas Ankrah's cocktails
What to drink with what you eat : the definitive guide to pairing food with wine, beer, spirits, coffee, tea - even water - based on expert advice from Americas best Sommeliers
Mr. Boston : 1500 recipes, tools, and techniques for the master mixologist
Coctail hour : authentic recipes and illustrations from 1920 to 1960
How to mix drinks, or the bon-vivants companion
World's best cocktails : 500 signature drinks from the world's best bars and bartenders
Vintage cocktails : authentic recipes and illustrations from 1920-1960
Hollywood cocktails
How to make your own drinks
Destination cocktails : the traveler's guide to superior libations
"The Bar and Beverage Book explains how to manage the beverage option of a restaurant, bar, hotel, country club--any place that serves beverages to customers.  It provides readers with the history of the beverage industry and appreciation of wine, beer, and spirits; information on equipping, staffing, managing, and marketing a bar; and the purchase and mixology of beverages.   New topics in this edition include changes to regulations regarding the service of alcohol, updated sanitation guidelines, updates to labor laws and the employment of staff, and how to make your operation more profitable. New trends in spirits, wine, and beer are also covered"--
The bar book : elements of cocktail technique
A lively, historically informed, and definitive guide to classic American cocktails. Cocktail writer and historian David Wondrich presents the colorful, little-known history of classic American drinks--and the ultimate mixologist's guide--in this engaging homage to Jerry Thomas, father of the American bar. Wondrich reveals never-before-published details and stories about this larger-than-life nineteenth-century figure, along with definitive recipes for 100 punches, cocktails, sours, fizzes, toddies, slings, and other essential drinks, plus twenty new recipes from today's top mixologists, created exclusively for this book. This colorful and good-humored volume is a must-read for anyone who appreciates the timeless appeal of a well-made drink--and the uniquely American history behind it.
Sharp shooters
The bar & beverage book
Smoothies & juices : delicious drinks, blends, tonis, shakes and floats
Esquire drinks : an opinionated & irreverent guide to drinking
The great coffee book
The joy of mixology
The vodka bible
Bartender's guide : an A to Z companion to all your favorite drinks
Bartending for dummies
The Dead Rabbit : grocery and grog : drinks manual : secret recipes and barroom tales from two Belfast boys who conquered the cocktail world
The design mix : bars, cocktails & style
Professional bartending
Rum drinks & havanas : Cuba classics
Easy juicing : the best 100 juices, crushes, smoothies, coolers and quenchers
The cocktail : definitive recipes for 50 classic drinks
The hospitality manager's guide to wines, beers, and spirits
Vintage spirits and forgotten cocktails : from the alamagoozlum to the zombie and beyond : 100 rediscovered recipes and the stories behind them
500 recipes for cocktail and mixed drinks
The bartender's guide to mixing 600 cocktails & drinks : everything from the Singapore Sling and the Cosmopolitan to the Manhattan and the classic Martini, shown in more than 800 stunning step-by-step photographs
"Vintage spirits and forgotten cocktails enthusiastically invokes the exotic tastes and styles of bygone eras. It is an homage to the grand beverages and great bartenders of the past, honoring and remembering them with persuasive sips of the lost cocktails they created!" -- P. [4] of cover.
