http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1393 associations
associations organisations
International organizations : A dictionary & directory
Empire of fear : inside the Islamic State
The India phenomenom and Finland : backround study for Sitra ́s India programme
A mad and wonderful thing
Successful charity marketing : meeting need
Näköaloja yli rajojen : Juhlakirja Martti Mustoselle hänen täyttäessään 60 vuotta 29.8.1969 = Over the boundaries : To Martti Mustonen on the occasion of his 60th anniversary 29.8.1969
Combining environmentalism, developmentalismi and NGOs : NGO driven participatory forest management and forest certification in southeastern Tanzania
The Aslib year book and directory of members 2004 : including the directory of products & services
Diverse human resource management of a non-profit organisation
Starting from the heart
International organizations : a comparative approach
An imperfect offering : dispatches from the medical frontline
Forging world order : the politics of international organization
Yearbook of international organizations 1998/99. Vol. 3, Subject volume, global action networks: classified directory and index
Finnish trade unions and immigrant labor
The state of implementation of the Marine Strategy Framework Directive in Finland in 2013
Translation in an international organization : a tightrope-walking act
Conference proceedings of the 21st ICOM General Conference : Vienna, Austria 2007.
Yearbook of international organizations 1998/99. Vol. 2, Geographic volume, international organization participation: country directory of secretariats and membership
Making globalization work
Flags of the world : an illustrated guide to contemporary flags
The OAU after twenty years
Nations in alliance : the limits of interdependence
The World Health Organization's fight against cancer : strategies that prevent, cure and care
Vereinskultur und Zivilgesellschaft in Nordosteuropa : regionale Spezifik und europäische Zusammenhänge = Associational culture and civil society in North Eastern Europe : regional features and the European context
The golden keys of Finland 1980 : union internationale des portiers des grands hôtels
The United Nations child policy : international games of morality and power
Regional development of anti-discrimination advisory services : experiences from the implementation of advisory services and results on the identification and tackling of discrimination
The politics of international organizations : studies in multilateral social and economic agencies
Yearbook of international organizations 1998/99. Vol. 4, Bibliographic volume, international organization bibliography and resources
The role of non-governmental organizations in caring for vulnerable children in Ghana : a case study of youth alive in northern Ghana
Volunteer : a traveller's guide to making a difference around the world
International organizations in their legal setting : documents, comments and questions
The foundation directory
Decommodifying volunteer tourism? : insights from nordic non-governmental organizations
IASPM's first score : sampling twenty years of the International Association for the Study of Popular Music
Working in partnerships : an ethnographic study on volunteers' narratives of establishing, managing and ending partnerships between Finnish and Indian NGOs
Basic income grant in Namibia : a viewpoint on the proposal and on the work of the BIG coalition
Poverty, biodiversity and local organisations : lessons from BirdLife International
Arkkitehtitoimistojen liitto ATL : toimistoluettelo 2013-2014 : members 2013-2014 = Association of Finnish Architects' offices = Arkitektbyråernas förbund
The changing landscape of development cooperation in Finland following the development aid budget : environmental NGO partnerships, strategies and work
Looks at the extremist Sunni jihadist group and argues that they present a great danger to the United States and the world, looking at the origin of the group, its objectives, and its unlawful terrorist strategies.
The Finnish society for patient safety : actions to promote patient and medication safety
The hive
The World Trade Organization : law, economics and polics
Developing a youth organization : case Turku YMCA
Making a difference in women's lives? : case study of women's empowerment programme in Rajasthan
Dark places
Routing analysis via Baltica, 2015 impacts of sulphur restrictions on transport service production : case: DSV Road Oy
The future of international economic organizations
The last decade has witnessed the rise of a great number of transnational social movements and activist networks. While many of these movements have been initiated in the North, some are driven by people from the Global South with the aim of addressing various forms of destitution and asserting a variety of basic economic and cultural rights. Such transnational organizing is increasingly evident in Sub-Saharan Africa. Some of these initiatives relate particularly to the growing numbers of people depending on forms of informal work for survival. This edition of Current African Issues looks into the transnationalization of a local association of informal workers as it becomes involved in an international network of grassroots organizations. While this transnational engagement opens up new political possibilities, it also poses new challenges. Participation in international activities is highly unequal and mediated rather than direct, as influential actors engage in practices of gate-keeping that tend to work to the disadvantage of women. Tensions also emerged as a result of the divergent gender ideologies espoused by different participants. The paper draws on various theoretical perspectives on spatial politics in the global age to interrogate the unequal and contested spatialities of this transnational activism. Feminist scholarship sheds further light on the gendering processes at work in the transnationalization of a grassroots association.
Multi-stakeholder cooperation in global governance
Meet charities online : How can charities utilize social media as a promotional tool?
Transnational responsibilities and multi-sited strategies : voluntary associations of Somali diaspora in Finland
Federalism and supranational organizations : patterns for new legal structures
International organizations : a dictionary
Dollhouse. Season one
The key
The Aslib membership directory 2002 : including the directory of products & services
The faithful tribe : an intimate portrait of the loyal institutions
Performing political opposition in Russia : the case of the youth group Oborona
Proceedings : 18th session of the General Assembly of IUCN - The World Conservation Union, Perth, Australia, 28 November - 5 December 1990.
Foreign agents in Russia : discoursive analysis on foreign agents in Russia 2012-2013
Legal advisers and international organizations
Partnership in civil society : a case of building trust between non-profit associations and international NGOs in Lao PDR
Managing institutional archives : foundational principles and practices
Hamas vs. Fatah : the struggle for Palestine
International government
Humanitarian issues on Facebook
Trust inside a political organization : a case study of the Finnish Centre Party parliamentary group
The rise of ISIS : a threat we can't ignore
This charming man
The Invisibles omnibus
The evolution of international organisations
IUFRO strategy 2006-2010 : global science cooperation for the benefit of forests and people
Talking hands, listening eyes : the history of the deaf association of New Zealand
The general
Association of European open-air museum : 22nd conference 2005, 22-28 August, Finland: Helsinki, Tampere, Turku = Verband Europäischer Freilichtmuseen : 22ste Konferenz 2005, 22.-28. August, Finnland: Helsinki, Tampere, Turku
UNESCO on the eve of its 40th anniversary
Documentation of Salo Region Rotary Clubs website
The doctrine of equality of states as applied in international organizations
The groundwater pollution of Korneuburg, Austria : its issue life-cycle in the public discourse and collaboration and confrontation strategies of actors
The sleepwalker
Keeping alive the symbol : a case study of the Israeli and Palestinian women of the Jerusalem Link
Image & reality : questions and answers about the United Nations how it works and who pays for it
Playgrounds Association of Philadelphia : provisional organization, formed February 13, 1907.
"That in the opinion of this House" : the parliamentary culture of debate in the nineteenth-century Cambridge and Oxford Union Societies
Intercultural learning in non-formal education : theoretical framework and starting points
Band-aid for a broken leg : being a doctor with no borders and other ways to stay single
The secret history of al-Qa'ida
Early years of the European Association for Urban History
International encyclopedia of abbreviations and acronyms of organizations = Internationale Enzyklopädie der Abkürzungen und Akronyme von Organisationen. Vol. 6, Si - Z
The Inter-Parliamentary Union
Operation S.I.N. Agent Carter
One step back, two steps forward : dialectical birthpangs of the modern Western worldview, as reflected in the works of Christopher Marlowe, Francis Bacon and Gerrard Winstanley
International encyclopedia of abbreviations and acronyms of organizations = Internationale Enzyklopädie der Abkürzungen und Akronyme von Organisationen. Vol. 3, F-Ipr
Understanding the framing of issues in multi-actor arenas : power relations in the human rights debate
World list of abbreviations
Nonprofit kit for dummies
Redesigning the web presence of an organization
The dark
ATL Arkkitehtitoimistot : 2013-2014 : jäsenet = members = ATL Architects' offices
Foreign agents in Russia : discoursive analysis on foreign agents in Russia
Strengthening farmer-led economic activities and agribusiness through producer organizations in Zambia : a country specific study of Zambia for the farmers fighting poverty : producers' organizations support programme
Changing worlds
China's approach to parliamentary diplomacy at the general assembly 1971-1979
The Routledge companion to nonprofit marketing
Lonely writers: assessment of KEPA's information officer co-operation : case study of Thailand and Indonesia
Transformations in trade politics : West African civil society participation in economic partnership negotiations with the European Union
INternational and OUTstanding : a short book about international affairs at Humak University of Applied Sciences in degree programme in civic activities and youth work
Tagungsbericht. 1988. Tagungsbericht Meiringen : Arten von Freilichtmuseen : Freilichtmuseen weltweit : Freilichtmuseen und Tourismus = Report of the conference : Types of open-air museums : International open-air museums : Open-air museums and tourism
Unseemly science
International regional organizations : constitutional foundations
Echo of the Reich
The United Nations : a global organization : its evolution, achievements, failure and reconstruction : UN 50th anniversary
Summary in Russian.
Strategy process in practice in Teva and Kemia merger
Tangle of hopes : American commitments and world order
The killing ground
The master plan : ISIS, Al-Qaeda, and the Jihadi strategy for final victory
Summary.
1892-1992 100 years of IUFRO
ALA handbook of organization
Conflict of international obligations and state interests
Orangemen and Freemasons : Masonic influences on the organization, ideology, symbols and rituals of the early Orange order in Ireland, 1795-1836
The concept of child labour of the International Labour Organisation
SOID - A local NGO supporting the well-being of orphans
Yearbook of international organizations 1998/99. Vol. 1, Organization descriptions and cross-references
Scorpia rising : Alex Rider
Snakehead : Alex Rider
Sustainable Community Development through Volunteer Tourism and the Role of NGOs in Nepal
AIPH 1948-1988 : Association internationale des producteurs de l'horticulture = Internationaler Verband des Erwerbsgartenbaues = International Association of Horticultural Producers
The university as an educational institution
Global Education From a Teachers' Perspective
Motivating young people  : A case study on AIESEC Tampere
Abstract: The aim of this study was to map issues related to change management and voluntary work. The study was undertaken to understand what factors affect successful change management especially in voluntary organizations. A further aim was to study how program reform Ohjelmauudistus 2010 in Guides and Scouts of Finland was managed. A critical review of existing literature and research in the fields of change management and volunteering was conducted. An online survey to active members of the association aimed to clarify the thoughts of the members about the program reform. The results of the survey were compared to the closing report of the project to see whether the perceptions about the success of the project were consistent among the members and the working group. According to the results of the research, the opinions of the members and the working group seem to be congruent. Areas that were identified in the closing report to be successful were the same that the members were satisfied with. The only exception here is the satisfaction with communication. However, there are considerable geographical differences in the attitudes.
The role of library associations as effective pressure groups for political action
The Zin letters : the Kalikos society Gloranthan magazine. 2
Organisations of the world
"Drawing on troves of recently declassified documents captured from the Islamic State and its predecessors, counterterrorism expert Brian Fishman tells the story of this organization's complex and largely hidden past.- and what the master plan suggests about its future. Only by understanding the Islamic State's full history- and the strategy that drove it- can we understand the contradictions that may ultimately tear it apart" -- Dust jacket.
International organisations in Lithuania : educatiors' initiative
Non-governmental organizations in regional conflict prevention : a case study of the African Union's Continental Early Warning System
Global change and intellectual property agencies : an institutional perspective
FORUM ARTIS : TAITEILIJAJÄRJESTÖJEN KESKUSLIITTO = KONSTNÄRSORGANISATIONERNAS CENTRALFÖRBUND = CENTRAL FEDERATION FOR ASSOCIATIONS OF FINNISH ARTISTS
The United Nations
Is structurelessness democratic? : two normative frameworks for debates at the World Social Forum
The new face of Europe in its museums
Frameworks for event fundraising in Alberta, Canada
Acquisition of new members/support for Amnesty International
Social welfare and health care organizations in Finland
When the state falls : studies on intervention in the Sierra Leone civil war
Needs described by the representatives of immigrant associations in the Helsinki-region
WHO Europe cancer nursing curriculum : WHO European strategy for continuing education for nurses and midwives, 2003.
Attributions and paradoxes of agency in socially sustainable development : perspectives from small-scale NGOs in Jinja, Uganda
The Statesman's yearbook : the politics, cultures and economies of the world. 2010
Organized business in France
Dark places : a novel
Day of reckoning
Nonprofit organizations in a market economy : understanding new roles, issues, and trends
Asumistaso = Housing and planning in Finland. 2000-2001
Protokoll från Svenska samernas riksförbunds (SSR) urtima landsmöte i Östersund den 3-5 oktober 1968 jämte Samernas samepolitiska program, SSR:s yttrande den 28 februari 1970 ang. ny gruvlag, SSR:s yttrande den 11 december 1970 ang. revision av vattenlagen, The policy program of the Swedish Lapps
Annual report : Consultative Group on International Agricultural Research, 1986-87
Finnish summary.
The Rabbit Back Literature Society
Finland : a nation of co-operators
The role of the United Nations
Non-governmental development organizations of developing countries : and the South smiles..
The public relations handbook
The rational approach to labor and industry : economic and social partnership in Austria
Echo is an "Active," an unwitting participant in the Dollhouse, an illegal underground organization that provides its elite clients with hired personas for various missions. Actives receive personality imprints, allowing them to temporarily become anyone or anything - the perfect burglar, lover, spy or assassin. But now Echo is facing the FBI, her own shadowy past, and a rogue Active who wants to bring the Dollhouse down / WorldCat
The Aslib year book and directory of members 2005/6 : including the directory of products & services
International organisations publications 1962.
Russian greatpowerness : foreign policy, the two Chechen wars and international organisations
Legitimizing sex and empowerment : an interpretation of narratives on sex trade in Thailand
The Kalevala Society encourages the study and interpretations of Kalevala
Development of national producer organizations and specialized business units in Mozambique : a study for the Royal Norwegian Society for Development to prepare a new phase of programme collaboration
The Library Association yearbook. 2000-2001 / compiled by Kathryn Beecroft
Organizing for peace : international organization in world affairs
Heterodox healing and alternative religion in the 20th century : an English spiritual healing practice in Finland
Collaboration between non-governmental organizations and educational leaders in capacity development in rural South Africa
Notes from my travels : visits with refugees in Africa, Cambodia, Pakistan and Ecuador
International organisation : world politics : studies in economic and social agencies
The special features of organising an association event
Supplement to the second congress of the International union of societies of foresters, August 19-24, 1974, Helsinki, Finland
Transnational activism networks and gendered gatekeeping : negotiating gender in an African association of informal workers
Comparing Strategic Management between the United Kingdom’s and Finland’s Ice Hockey Organizations, from the Point of View of Two Same Levelled Teams.
The law governing employment in international organizations
Objective international personality of intergovernmental organizations : do their capacities really depend upon the conventions establishing them?
An intergovernmental organization and its reputation according to politicians : case: the United Nations in Finland
When knowledge is power : three models of change in international organizations
Tagungsbericht. 1980, Tagungabericht [i.e. Tagungsbericht] Oslo : Reali[t]ät und Museum : Kommerzialiserungstendenzen : Neue Konservierungstechniken = Report of the conference : Reality and museum : Tendencies of commercialisation : New conservation techniques
Evaluation of the Available Means of Support for Integration of 2nd Generation Immigrants : Pasila Community Center
Motivations Behind Prosocial Behaviour : Why Plan Finland's long-term volunteers participate in the work and how they communicate about it to others.
Integration of transport and trade facilitation : selected regional case studies
Corruption and managing the project cycle : the role of corrupt practices in NGO funding in Pakistan
The zones of silence in documentary heritage management : on diversity on the UNESCO Memory of World International Register
Photography awards 2004.
Amnesty International report. 1995.
Abstract: Comparing strategic management between the United Kingdom's and Finland's ice hockey organizations, from the point of view of two same levelled teams. The potential of making a profit from the game of ice-hockey is relatively common, not only for professional teams, but also lower levelled teams, thus they have the potential to grow as an organisation. The UK's highest level called the Elite Ice Hockey League (EIHL) attracts a lot of viewers and thus makes a lot of profit from ticket sales and fan equipment. According to marketing and communications executive for the team Cardiff Devils, Evans-Determan (2010), in the season 2009-2010 the ice hockey team from Nottingham Panthers (EIHL) attracted on average 4234 fans per game. This shows that the demand for ice hockey is relatively high in the UK and not as small as what is commonly thought. This paper will compare two same levelled team's strategic management from two diverse market environments and determine the structural differences in how they operate. Additionally, it will show what potential growth opportunities these organisations have and what ideas and operations they could adapt from one another in order to be more successful than what they currently are. The study will provide research of customer demand, as well as point out what business theories the teams are using or should be using in order to achieve their mission and vision statements. The two teams chosen for this research are Blackburn Hawks from the United Kingdom, who play in the ENL-league (England National League) and Vuosaaren Viikingit from Finland, who play in the Division II-league (4th highest level in Finland).
International organizations : a dictionary and directory
The future on shaking pillars : civil society and green economy in the United Nations Rio+20 summit
Amnesty International report. 1994
Finland's progressive co-operative movement
Proceedings of the second congress of the International union of societies of foresters, August 19-24, 1974, Helsinki, Finland : theme forestry for people
The Murder Complex
Earth at omega : passage to planetization
Comparing strategic management between the United Kingdom's and Finland's ice hockey organizations : from the point of view of two same levelled teams
Towards an authentic North-South NGO Partnership : a case study of the cooperation between Emmaus Helsinki and Yayasan Penghibur
International encyclopedia of abbreviations and acronyms of organizations = Internationale Enzyklopädie der Abkürzungen und Akronyme von Organisationen. Vol. 4, Ips-Nob
Communicating cultural heritage to the young : encouraging museum communications world wide
International organizations : perspectives on governance in the twenty-first century
International institutional law. 3, Teaching and materials
The Migrants Forum Finnish Support Group
The Statesman's yearbook : the politics, cultures and economies of the world. 2006
Implementation of cultural rights within international legislative instruments
The rise and fall of Al-Qaeda
Change management in voluntary organisation : program reform in Finnish scout movement
Relations des Communautés européennes avec les organisations internationales : situation au 1.9.1989 = Relations between the European Community and international organisations : situation on 1.9.1989
Adult education and the voluntary associations in France
Sociocultural animation in youth work : Survey of sociocultural animation in the work of the youth coordinators in districts of Finnish Red Cross
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
The future of the WSF : focus on Africa
The proper law of international organisations
Resilience: an all-encompassing solution to global problems? A biopolitical analysis of resilience in the policies of EC, FEMA, UNDP, USAID, WB, and WEF
The dynamics of international organization : the making of world order
International marine organizations
Building bridges or digging trenches? : civil society engagement after the arab spring
Change Management in Voluntary Organisation : Program reform in Finnish scout movement
Immigrant associations in the Metropolitan Area of Finland : forms of mobilisation, participation and representation
