http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13994 vehicle technology
vehicle technology
Intelligent vehicles & transportation systems
Helicopter test and evaluation
Inter- and intra-vehicle communications
Advanced vehicle technology
Air and space travel
The illustrated science encyclopedia : transport : a journey of discovery that explores how humans have developed ways of travelling on the sea, on land and in the air
Inventions : discover some of the amazing technology of the past, with more than 20 fun and fascinating projects
Intelligent vehicle technology and trends
Advanced control of aircraft, spacecraft and rockets
Fabrication and properties of stainless steel sandwich structures
Composite materials : design and applications
The history of space vehicles
Aerodynamics for engineering students
Business strategies and the transition to low-carbon cities
Stainless steels in transport industry : proceedings of the NI-seminar "Stainless Steels in Transport Industry", February 4.-5.1998
Road vehicle suspensions
Airplanes
Introduction to aircraft aeroelasticity and loads
Car & road, train & track
Compaction of c-band synthetic aperture radar based sea ice information for navigation in the Baltic Sea
Automotive systems engineering. Vol. 1, Overview
Automotive systems, sensors and signalling : selected papers from Autotech 95 7 - 9 Noverber 1995.
The machine that changed the world : the story of lean production
VANET : vehicular applications and inter-networking technologies
Vehicle dynamics, stability and control
Absolutely best cross-sections book ever
Vehicle stability
Design of racing and high performance engines
If design award 2001 : product volume 3.
The visual dictionary of flight
Touring exhibitions : the Touring Exhibitions Group's manual of good practice
Giant vehicles
Automotive electronics reliability
Fuel effects on the characteristics of particle emissions from advanced engines and vehicles
Integrated powertrains and their control
"This book provides a reference for professional automotive technologists (OEMS and suppliers), professionals in the area of Intelligent Transportation Systems, and researchers attracted to the field of wireless vehicular communications. Third and fourth year undergraduate students will also find this book of interest."--BOOK JACKET.
1-2-3 draw cars, trucks and other vehicles : a step by step guide
Automotive diagnostic fault codes techbook
Statistical analysis of vehicle time headways
The illustrated history of road transport
Passenger safety and convenience systems
How to draw : drawing and sketching objects and environments from your imagination
Fuel effects on emissions from advanced diesel engines and vehicles
Adaptive cooperation between driver and assistant system : improving road safety
The moon : resources, future development and settlement
Transport systems are continuously evolving. A modern transport system needs to be sustainable socially, economically and environmentally. In recent decades, technological development, especially in information and communication technology, has affected today's transport systems. Three different cases are explored in this dissertation: intelligent transport systems in general, electromobility systems, and road weather and maintenance systems. Intelligent transport systems encompass a broad range of information and communication technologies that improve the safety, efficiency and performance of the transportation system. In addition to intelligent transport systems, electric vehicle systems have emerged because of increasing environmental concerns as well as oil depletion issues. Furthermore, the road weather and maintenance system is an interesting case especially in latitudes with severe weather. Despite vast amounts of recent research on the aforementioned topics, most previous studies have focused on the technical side, such as developing, prototyping and testing the technologies, whereas only a few studies have focused on the business aspects. Therefore, this dissertation aims to enrich the analysis of the emerging transportation sector under technological change from the business perspective and to provide new insights for future research. The purpose of this study is to explore the emerging transportation sector from several viewpoints by conducting empirical case studies. The cases covered are analysed through the perspectives of markets, business ecosystems and business models. The geographical scope of the research is mainly limited to Finland, especially its intelligent transport systems and road weather maintenance infrastructure. The global perspective is adopted in the case of electric vehicles. The nature of this research is qualitative, and inductive reasoning is applied. The research examines the characteristics of the market, business ecosystem, and business models that emerge transport systems under technological change. Furthermore, based on the findings of the case studies, a holistic framework model is developed to understand the technological system by integrating the viewpoints of markets, business ecosystems and business models
Rapid prototyping casebook
The big book of flight
"Few inventions have changed life as much as the car. These large hunks of steel and horsepower are everywhere, so ubiquitous and deeply intertwined with our lives, jobs and families that we barely pay them any attention. The mundane car, however, is about to become the ultimate mobility device. Thanks to rapid advances in robotics and artificial intelligence, cars are poised to morph into the first mainstream autonomous robots that we will entrust with our lives, creating a cascade of social and economic change. - How do driverless cars work? - Why has it taken nearly 100 years to create a working driverless car? - What are the technological and social barriers? - How do roboticists create artificial perception and what is "Deep Learning"? - How will this technology change our lives, our businesses, and our cities? - What new opportunities lie ahead?"--Provided by publisher.
The ultimate book of cross-sections
Ships and submarines
Motor vehicle technology for mechanics
ARTTU progress report 1
The standard handbook for aeronautical and astronautical engineers
Automotive technology : principles, diagnosis, and service
Controller Area Network (CAN) for Vehicle Applications : an SAE professional development e-seminar : handbook & educational support materials
Jane's all the world's aircraft 2008-2009
Vehicle system dynamics
Automotive electrics, automotive electronics
Spacecraft systems engineering
The usborne big book of big machines
Advanced microsystems for automotive applications 2000
An introduction to engine testing and development
Introduction to aircraft design
Flight physics : introduction to disciplines and technology of aircraft flight
Accelerated testing : a practitioner s guide to accelerated and reliability testing
Fuel effects on emissions from modern gasoline vehicles : Part 1 - sulphur effects
Anglo-russkij avtotraktornyj slovar' : okolo 50 000 terminov = English-Russian automotive dictionary : about 50 000 terms
Driverless : intelligent cars and the road ahead
Vehicle and engine technology
Emerging wireless networks : concepts, techniques, and applications
Accelerated test methods for ground and aerospace vehicle development / an SAE professional development e-seminar / Handbook & educational support materials
Motor vehicle calculations and science : Part 1
Automotive electrics/automotive electronics
Principles of helicopter aerodynamics
Automotive electrics and electronics
World trade since 1431 : geography, technology, and capitalism
Light and heavy vehicle technology
Aeronautical engineers' data book
Aircraft and flight
Intelligent vehicle technologies : theory and applications
Exploring the transport system under technological change : market, business ecosystem and business model viewpoints
Fuel effects on emissions from modern gasoline vehicles part 2 - aromatics, olefins and volatility effects
Road and rail transportation
An introduction to modern vehicle design
Automotive vehicle safety
Automotive software engineering : principles, processes, methods, and tools
Clutches and brakes : design and selection
