http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13961 earned income
earned income
Industry wage differentials in Finland : 1989
The end of men and the rise of women
Whistleblowing : need for harmonization on the European Union level?
Economic studies on higher education and productivity
Income, income inequality, and health : evidence from China
Essays on unemployment duration and programme evalution
What is happening to Nordic women's income throught labour, social protection and family?
Understanding and measuring social entrepreneurship
Work, sickness, earnings, and early exits from the labor market : an empirical analysis using Swedish Longitudial data
The tax treatment of share-based incentive schemes
Income risk, coping strategies and safety nets
Creating and transforming households : the constraints of the world-economy
Social inequality
Industry wage differentials in Finland, 1989
The gender wage gap in Finnish industry in 1980-1994 : an empirical analysis of non-manual workers
Myths of rich & poor : why we're better off than we think
Regional convergence and migration in Finland 1960-95
Over the past 30 years the relative incomes and employment rates of immigrants have sunk, while immigrants unemployment rates rose. The overrepresentation in the welfare transfer system and an increasing housing segregation cause concern and is much debated. The general opinion is that immigrants are less integrated into the Swedish society today than in former times. The aim of this literature review is to if this is true. The working hypothesis is that immigrants were integrated during the period 1945-1975. A set of nine variables are discussed to examine whether the immigrants 1945-1975 were integrated. Although explorative by its character, the results indicate that immigrants were not as integrated in former times as commonly believed. Contrary to common belief significant improvements in integration has, in some areas, actually been achieved! The integration of immigrants has not changed from good to bad, but rather from bad to worse. .
Does education reduce wage inequality? : quantile regressions evidence from fifteen European countries
Rising wealth inequality and changing social structure in rural China, 1988-95
Essays on the gender wage gap in Finland
Tax progression and structure of labour taxation in an open economy general equilibrium model with monopoly unions
Education at a glance : OECD indicators 2005
Saving, growth and fertility : some cross-country evidence
Essays on human capital and earnings in Finland
Employment
Migration and individual earnings in Finland : a regional perspective
Education and child labour in developing countries : a study on the role of non-governmental organisations in Bangladesh and Nepal
Wage from work and gender : a study on differentials in Finland in 1985
An expenditure-based estimation of self-employment income underreporting in Finland
Improving school leadership. Vol. 1, Policy and practice
Summary (s. 9-13).
Interview and register data in income distribution analysis : experiences from the Finnish European Community household panel survey in 1996
The effects of marriage partners' socio-economic positions on the risk of divorce in Finland
Alternative farm enterprises : a guide to alternative sources of income for the farmer
Essays on family and labor economics
Education and wage inequality in Europe : a literature review
A distributional analysis of displacement costs in an economic depression and recovery
Not in all walks of life? : social differences in suicide mortality
Labour productivity growth and industry structure : the impact of industry structure on productivity growth, export prices and labour compensation
Money : who has how much and why
Beauty pays : why attractive people are more successful
Returns to human capital in Europe : a literature review
Wage and earnings losses of displaced workers in Finland
Post-unemployment wages and economic incentives to exit from unemployment
Education and earnings : further evidence from Europe
"Common sense, economics and "HR": how to pay Billions of people throughout the world are paid for their work. This book was written to demonstrate why they earn what they earn and, in doing so, to help them understand how they can earn more in the short-run and even more in the longer-run. There are many ways pay is determined across a wide variety of organizations from for-profit firms, to nonprofit organizations, to government agencies. By the time you finish reading this book, you will know how a well-run organization takes its overall strategy and converts that into a system for properly paying people. Then, you can apply the lessons in the book to your own organization and take actions that can lead you to earn more"--
It runs in the family : empirical analyses of family background and economic status
Consumption over the life cycle : theory and empirical regularities
A panel study of migration, household real earnings and self-selection
Income poverty in advanced countries
Integration of Immigrants in Sweden 1945-1975
Essays on work and fertility
The price of inequality : [how today's divided society endangers our future]
Inequality in incomes and access to education : a cross-country analysis
Studies on earnings dynamics and uncertainty in return to education
Pensions and public finances in Finland : a generational accounting perspective
European structure of earnings statistics - the Finnish model
Workfare programmes in Brazil : an evaluation of their performance
Unequal pay for women and men : evidence from the British birth cohort studies
Income inequality and health : a multi-country analysis
Studies on the determinants of migration and the spatial concentration of labour
Human capital and wage formation
EU’s Public Procurement Directives and access to justice in Finland : the challenges of process efficiency and wide sphere of appeal
Empirical studies on the returns to education in Finland
Explaining the desire for local bargaining : evidence from a Finnish survey of employers and employees
Finnish economic national report
Human capital and industry wage differentials in Finland
Income statistics for the agricultural household sector : proceedings of the Eurostat International Seminar held in Luxembourg on 10 and 11 January 1996
Abstract (s. 3).
Piketty's capital in the twenty-first century
Empirical evidence on earnings and analysts' earnings forecasts
Pay : why people earn what they earn and what you can do now to make more
Can migration decisions be affected by income taxation policies?
Migration among young men and women in sweden
How much is enough? : money and the good life
Taxation and household saving : country surveys = Fiscalité et épargne des ménages : Enquêtes par pays
Employer size-wage effects in the Nordic countries
Essays on the macroeconomic effects of taxation
Essays on earnings and human capital in Kenya
Growing unequal? : income distribution and poverty in OECD countries
Consumption over the life cycle : a selected literature review
Compensation : theory, evidence, and strategic implications
Empirical studies of income distribution
Abstract (1 s.).
Abstract (s. 7).
Studies on human capital flows and spatial labour markets
Pensions and pensioners' disposable income : trends in 1990-2005
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Is little brother nothing but trouble? : educational attainment, returns to schooling and sibling structure
Abstract in Finnish.
Factors influencing physicians' and nurses' labour supply decisions
