http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13990 frost resistance
frost resistance
Control of growth and frost hardening of silver birch container seedlings : growth retardants, short day treatment and summer planting
Does elevated ozone predispose northern deciduous tree species to abiotic and biotic stresses?
Temperature response of electrical impedance in poplar cuttings : a preliminare concept
Frost resistance of PP and PAN fibre mortars
Physiological and molecular analysis of cold acclimation of plants
Plant Cold Acclimation: Methods and Protocols details many of the methods and protocols commonly used to study plant cold acclimation and freezing tolerance, breeding, genetics, physiology or molecular biology, or any combination of these specialties. Chapters focus on interdisciplinary approaches, experimental methods, and concepts from different areas of science. Written in the highly successful Methods in Molecular Biology series format, chapters include introductions to their respective topics, lists of the necessary materials and reagents, step-by-step, readily reproducible laboratory protocols, and key tips on troubleshooting and avoiding known pitfalls. Authoritative and practical, Plant Cold Acclimation: Methods and Protocols seeks to help not only new researchers starting in this field, but also those already working in a particular area of cold acclimation and freezing tolerance research who are looking to expand their range of experimental approaches.
Plant cold hardiness : from the laboratory to the field
This book provides an overview of how boreal and temperate tree species have adapted their annual cycle of development to the seasonally varying climatic conditions of the zone. The frost hardy dormant phase and the susceptible growth phase are synchronised with the seasonality of the climate. The volume discusses the annual cycle, including various attributes such as the timing of bud burst and other phenological events and the seasonality of photosynthetic capacity or the frost hardiness of the trees. During the last few decades, dynamic ecophysiological models have been increasingly used in studies of the annual cycle, particularly for projecting the ecological effects of climate change. The main emphasis in this volume is on combining the modelling approach with experimental studies and pursuing biological realism in the models.
Boreal and temperate trees in a changing climate : modelling the ecophysiology of seasonality
Topographical delimitation of Oporinia-damages: experimental evidence of the effect of winter temperature
Plant cold acclimation : methods and protocols
Interactions between near-ground temperature and radiation, silvicultural treatments and frost damage to Norway spruce seedlings. Ola Langvall
Frost resistance of potato tubers
Physiological and molecular analyses of cold acclimation of plants
Summary: Winter mortality of Oporinia autumnata (Lep., Geometridae) eggs was tested with a field experiment. Eggs did not survive at temperatures below -37°C. The result corroborated the hypothesis that accumulation of cold air at lower altitudes in wintertime destroys hibernating eggs of Oporinia...
