http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13995 anarchy
anarchy
The purge : election year
Reinventing anarchy, again
The European anarchy : Europe's hard road into high politics
The anarchist in the library : how the clash between freedom and control is hacking the real world and crashing the system
Introduction to global politics
Globalisation, democracy and terrorism
Beyond the anarchical society : Grotius, colonialism and order in world politics
Obscenity, anarchy, reality
Democracy : the god that failed : the economics and politics of monarchy, democracy and natural order
Generic universalism in world politics : beyond international anarchy and the world state
"Robert Nozick's Anarchy, State, and Utopia (1974) is recognised as a classic of modern political philosophy. Along with John Rawls's A Theory of Justice (1971), it is widely credited with breathing new life into the discipline in the second half of the twentieth century. This Companion presents a balanced and comprehensive assessment of Nozick's contribution to political philosophy. In engaging and accessible chapters, the contributors analyse Nozick's ideas from a variety of perspectives and explore neglected areas of the work such as his discussion of anarchism and his theory of utopia. Their detailed and illuminating picture of Anarchy, State, and Utopia, its impact and its enduring influence will be invaluable to students and scholars in both political philosophy and political theory"--
Images of anarchy : the rhetoric and science in Hobbes's state of nature
The coming anarchy : shattering the dreams of the post Cold War
The Invisibles. [Vol. 4] : Bloody hell in America
This volume brings together a collection of leading scholars to consider various dimensions of the 'turn' to history in International Relations. Such a resurgent interest has many roots, including attempts by social scientists to discover historically significant patterns of behaviour, and the broader political project of trying to understand our age and how it differs from what came before. The book begins by considering the extent to which the Westphalian sovereign state model remains relevant to understanding political and historical change. Yet the need to reach beyond the European experience is one that resurfaces in many contributions to Empires, Systems and States. For this reason, the volume includes a number of path-breaking essays on how other cultures and continents have ordered their political communities. We are, nevertheless, brought back to the issue of why and how a particular European set of political and economic forces known as 'modernity' transformed the landscape of international politics, crushing other cultures with its will to power. Such a wide ranging collection of essays will be of interest to scholars of International Relations and History, as well as readers outside of academe who have an interest in great transformations in world politics.
The Cambridge companion to Nozick's Anarchy, state, and utopia
Hobbes's concept of the natural condition of mankind became an inescapable point of reference for subsequent political thought, shaping the theories of emulators and critics alike, and has had a profound impact on our understanding of human nature, anarchy, and international relations. Yet, despite Hobbes's insistence on precision, the state of nature is an elusive concept. Has it ever existed and, if so, for whom? Hobbes offered several answers to these questions, which taken together reveal a consistent strategy aimed at providing his readers with a possible, probable, and memorable account of the consequences of disobedience. This book examines the development of this powerful image throughout Hobbes's works, and traces its origins in his sources of inspiration. The resulting trajectory of the state of nature illuminates the ways in which Hobbes employed a rhetoric of science and a science of rhetoric in his relentless pursuit of peace.
The An-Archical state : logics of legitimacy in the social contract tradition
Puhdistuksen yö : anarkia = The purge : anarchy
Anarchy, state and public choice
Anarchism, the republic and civil war in Spain : 1931-1939
The Invisibles. [Vol. 6] :  Kissing mister Quimper
The fourth hand
The purge : anarchy
Man, the state, and war : a theoretical analysis
Neorealism and neoliberalism : the contemporary debate
Anarchism : a documentary history of libertarian ideas. Vol. 1, From anarchy to anarchism (300 CE to 1939)
The Invisibles. [Vol. 5] : Counting to none
How will capitalism end? : essays on a failing system
Crypto anarchy, cyberstates and pirate utopias
Empires, systems and states : great transformations in international politics
"The provocative political thinker asks if it will be with a bang or a whimper In How Will Capitalism End? the acclaimed analyst of contemporary politics and economics Wolfgang Streeck argues that capitalism is now in a critical condition. Growth is giving way to secular stagnation; inequality is leading to instability; and confidence in the capitalist money economy has all but evaporated. Capitalism's shotgun marriage with democracy since 1945 is breaking up as the regulatory institutions restraining its advance have collapsed, and after the final victory of capitalism over its enemies no political agency capable of rebuilding them is in sight. The capitalist system is stricken with at least five worsening disorders for which no cure is at hand: declining growth, oligarchy, starvation of the public sphere, corruption and international anarchy. In this arresting book Wolfgang Streeck asks if we are witnessing a long and painful period of cumulative decay: of intensifying frictions, of fragility and uncertainty, and of a steady succession of 'normal accidents'"--
The Wild Boys
The five stages of collapse : survivors' toolkit
