http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13972 Zen Buddhism
Zen Buddhism
Easy-to-use zen
The anthropology of eastern religions : ideas, organizations, and constituencies
St. Nadie in winter : Zen encounters with loneliness
Tibetan Zen : discovering a lost tradition
Zen training : methods and philosophy
The three pillars of Zen : teaching, practice and enlightenment
Encyclopedia of spirituality : spiritual inspiration to transform your life
Creating true peace : ending conflict in yourself, your family, your community and the world
Cold mountain : the legend of Han Shan and Shih Te, the original dharma bums
The three pillars of Zen : teaching, practice, and enlightenment
Zen sex : the way of making love
Zen and the art of consciousness
A book of five rings
Zen and Zen classics. Volume 4, Mumonkan
Zen : direct pointing to reality
The Buddha's golden path : the classic introduction to zen buddhism
The temple of the golden pavilion
Rational Zen : the mind of Dogen Zenji
Zen flowers : designs to soothe the senses and nourish the soul
"A groundbreaking study of the lost tradition of Tibetan Zen containing the first translations of key texts from one thousand years ago. Banned in Tibet, forgotten in China, the Tibetan tradition of Zen was almost completely lost to us. According to Tibetan histories, Zen teachers were invited to Tibet from China in the 8th century, at the height of the Tibetan Empire. When doctrinal disagreements developed between Indian and Chinese Buddhists at the Tibetan court, the Tibetan emperor called for a formal debate. When the debate resulted in a decisive win by the Indian side, the Zen teachers were sent back to China, and Zen was gradually forgotten in Tibet. This picture changed at the beginning of the 20th century with the discovery in Dunhuang (in Chinese Central Asia) of a sealed cave full of manuscripts in various languages dating from the first millennium CE. The Tibetan manuscripts, dating from the 9th and 10th centuries, are the earliest surviving examples of Tibetan Buddhism. Among them are around 40 manuscripts containing original Tibetan Zen teachings. This book translates the key texts of Tibetan Zen preserved in Dunhuang. The book is divided into ten sections, each containing a translation of a Zen text illuminating a different aspect of the tradition, with brief introductions discussing the roles of ritual, debate, lineage, and meditation in the early Zen tradition. Van Schaik not only presents the texts but also explains how they were embedded in actual practices by those who used them"--
The complete idiot's guide to zen living
Zen and reality : an approach to sanity and happiness on a non-sectarian basis
On Zen practice : body, breath, mind
Zen Buddhism : a history. Vol. 1, India and China
A Western approach to zen
The eight gates of zen : a program for zen training
Night boat : a zen novel
The eight gates of Zen : a program of Zen training
The encyclopedia of eastern philosophy and religion : Buddhism, Hinduism, Taoism, Zen
Essays in Zen Buddhism : first series
Secrets of rejuvenation  : zen warrior exercises
The Bodhidharma anthology : the earliest records of Zen
Zen and Zen classics. Vol. 5, Twenty-five Zen essays
Zen style : balance and simplicity for your home
Zen words for the Heart : Hakuin's commentary on the Heart Sutra
Zen dictionary
Dōgen and Sōtō Zen
Psychoanalysis & Zen Buddhism
The art of just sitting : essential writings on the Zen practice of shikantaza
Zen antics : a hundred stories of enlightenment
The one taste of truth : Zen and the art of drinking tea
Chan insights and oversights : an epistemological critique of the Chan tradition
Zen Miracles : finding peace in an insane world
Zen brushwork : focusing the mind with callicraphy and painting
Zen Buddhism and environmental ethics
Public Zen, personal Zen : a Buddhist introduction
No mud, no lotus : the art of transforming suffering
The book of five rings
Hagakure : the book of the samurai
The simple guide to zen buddhism
The poetry of Zen
The philosophies of Asia : the edited transcripts
The sun my heart : from mindfulness to insight contemplation
Zen and Japanese culture
Zen in America : profiles of five teachers: Robert Aitken, Jakusho Kwong, Bernard Glassman, Maurine Stuart, Richard Baker
The world of Zen : an east-west anthology
Zen for the West
The Zen of living and dying  : a practical and spiritual guide
The way of Zen
A history of Zen Buddhism
Self, attitudes, and emotion work : Western social psychology and Eastern Zen Buddhism confront each other
An inquiry into the good
The book of tea
Long-form improvisation & the art of zen : a manual for advanced performers
Zen awakening and society
Zen philosophy, Zen practice
Zen and the art of motorcycle maintenance : an inquiry into values
The Saffron Road : a journey with Buddha's daughters
An introduction to zen buddhism
Zen masters of meditation in images and writings
The Dude and the Zen master
The pocket Thich Nhat Hanh
This is it : and other essays on Zen and spiritual experience
The light inside the dark : zen, soul, and the spiritual life
The zen doctrine of no-mind : the significance of the Sutra of Hui-Neng (Wei-Lang)
Yasen kanna : health culture in Zen
Essential writings
Peace is every step : the path of mindfulness in everyday life
"Wild Ways: Zen Poems of Ikkyu presents more than one hundred poems by one of the most irreverent and iconoclastic Zen masters of Japan. Ikkyu (1394-1491) wanted his Zen to be direct, raw, and authentic and his topics range from criticism of the pervasive hypocrisy of the Buddhist establishment to celebration of the unfettered Zen life and the joys of sexual intimacy. His famous poem, "Skeletons," is included in its entirety."--BOOK JACKET.
Zen heart : simple advice for living with mindfulness and compassion
Sengai : [travelling exhibition of Sengai in Europe, 1961-1963]
One Buddha is not enough : a story of collective awakening
Wabi-Sabi for artists, designers, poets & philophers
The Zen way to the martial arts : a Japanese master reveals the secrets of the samurai
The shogun's scroll : wield power and control your destiny
Shaolin : temple of Zen
Zen and Zen classics. Vol. 2, History of Zen
Zen and the mind : scientific approach to Zen practice
The spirit of Zen : a way of life, work and art in the Far East
A primer of Sōtō Zen : a translation of Dōgen's Shōbōgenzō Zuimonki
Hand wash cold : care instructions for an ordinary life
The origin of human nature : a Zen Buddhist looks at evolution
Zen and the art of knitting : exploring the links between knitting, spirituality, and creativity
The field of Zen; : contributions to the Middle way, the journal of the Buddhist Society
The elements of Zen
Zen in the art of archery
"Zen Skin, Zen Marrow examines the conflict between two competing perspectives on Zen Buddhism. Two warring camps have collided on several major issues. The traditionalists propagate a self-definition based on notions of ineffability, nonduality, and social harmony. Recent reformers, however, undertake historical and cultural criticism that challenges the traditional claims of the meaning of Zen. In Zen Skin, Zen Marrow, Steven Heine argues that a neutral approach is possible and lays the groundwork for a constructive compromise based on balanced, nonevaluative methodology. This approach allows for a juxtaposition of competing views that can contribute to and benefit one another, avoiding the stagnant polarization that characterizes most encounters involving traditionalists and critics."--BOOK JACKET.
The Zen master Hakuin : selected writings
Finding the still point : a beginner's guide to Zen meditation
Zen Buddhism and psychoanalysis
An introduction to Zen Buddhism
The tao of zen
Learn Zen meditation : the path through the gateless gate
Zen and Zen classics. Vol. 1, From the Upanishads to Huineng
The early writings of Alan Watts : essays by the leading interpreter of Zen to the West
Zen, for beginners
Zen and Western thought
Wild ways : Zen poems
Hardcore zen : punk rock monster movies & the truth about reality
Bones of the master : a Buddhist monk's search for the lost heart of China
Returning to the source
The rhetoric of immediacy : a cultural critique of Chan/Zen Buddhism
Zen and Zen classics. Vol. 3, History of Zen (Nangaku branch)
This present moment : new poems
A first Zen reader
Zen : including Zen in the art of archery and the method of Zen
Tracks of the Tao, semantics of Zen
Zen wisdom : daily teachings from the Zen masters
Catching a feather on a fan : a Zen retreat with Master Sheng Yen ; interpreter Ming Yee Wang ; edited with an introduction and commentaries by John Crook
Essays in Zen Buddhism : second series
Dōgen's extensive record : a translation of the Eihei kōroku
Zen gardens : the complete works of Shunmyo Masuno, Japan's leading garden designer
A Western approach to Zen : an enquiry
Fragments of reality : daily entries of lived life
"This present moment That lives on To become Long ago." For his first collection of new poems since his celebrated Danger on Peaks, published in 2004, Gary Snyder finds himself ranging over the planet. Journeys to the Dolomites, to the north shore of Lake Tahoe, from Paris and Tuscany to the shrine at Delphi, from Santa Fe to Sella Pass, Snyder lays out these poems as a map of the last decade. Placed side-by-side, they become a path and a trail of complexity and lyrical regard, a sort of riprap of the poet's eighth decade. And in the mix are some of the most beautiful domestic poems of his great career, poems about his work as a homesteader and householder, as a father and husband, as a friend and neighbor. A centerpiece in this collection is a long poem about the death of his beloved, Carole Koda, a rich poem of grief and sorrow, rare in its steady resolved focus on a dying wife, of a power unequaled in American poetry. As a friend is quoted in one of these new poems: "I met the other lately in the far back of a bar, musicians playing near the window and he sweetly told me "listen to that music. The self we hold so dear will soon be gone." " Gary Snyder is one of the greatest American poets of the last century, and This Present Moment shows his command, his broad range, and his remarkable courage. "--
The empty mirror : experiences in Japanese Zen monastery
Zen essence : the science of freedom
Anthology of Zen
Bankei Zen : translations from the record of Bankei
Two-step
Zen and Zen classics
Three zen masters : Ikkyu, Hakuin, and Ryokan
Bones of the master : a journey to secret Mongolia
Beyond thinking : a guide to Zen meditation
Fires of consciousness : the Tao of onliness I Ching
Zen shorts
Gendering Chinese religion : subject, identity, and body
Zen and the art of gardening
Zen skin, Zen marrow : will the real Zen Buddhism please stand up?
How to look at Japanese art
What would the Buddha recycle? : the Zen of green living
Zen art for meditation
