http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1392 friendship associations
friendship associations
Obtaining more young members through the means of marketing : Case: Vaajakoski division of the Finland-Russia-Society
Friends and relatives : Finnish-Hungarian cultural relations
Sex and the city 2
Sinkkuelämää : Sex and the city
Friendship societies creating links between Finland and the wider world : the case of the Finnish-Namibian Society
Finnish-British Society ry/rf, Vaasa-Vasa : 1945-1995 : fifty memorable years
Beautiful days : a bright young things novel
The Terrible Two get worse
Eating together : food, friendship, and inequality
The terrible two
Attitudes of the members of the league of Finnish-American societies towards American culture and the English language
Changing cultural tastes : writers and the popular in modern Germany
Qhuinn, son of no one, is used to being on his own. Disavowed from his bloodline, shunned by the aristocracy, he has finally found an identity as one of the most brutal fighters in the war against the Lessening Society. But his life is not complete. Even as the prospect of having a family of his own seems to be within reach, he is empty on the inside, his heart given to another.... Blay, after years of unrequited love, has moved on from his feelings for Qhuinn. And it's about time: The male has found his perfect match in a Chosen female, and they are going to have a young--just as Qhuinn has always wanted for himself. It's hard to see the new couple together, but building your life around a pipe dream is just a heartbreak waiting to happen. As he's learned firsthand. Fate seems to have taken these vampire soldiers in different directions, but as the battle over the race's throne intensifies, and new players on the scene in Caldwell create mortal danger for the Brotherhood, Qhuinn finally learns the true definition of courage, and two hearts that are meant to be together finally become one.
The lucky ones : a bright young things novel
The King
Freetime machos
The thousandth floor
The beast
"A thousand-story tower stretching into the sky. A glittering vision of the future where anything is possible -- if you want it enough. Welcome to Manhattan, 2118. A hundred years in the future, New York is a city of innovation and dreams. Everyone there wants something ... and everyone has something to lose." -- From dustjacket.
Friends and pranking partners Miles and Niles face a tough challenge when their favorite goat and nemesis, Principal Barkin, is replaced by his stern, no-nonsense father, Former Principal Barkin, who turns the school into boot camp. / WorldCat.
Circle of friends
The closed circle
From Vardø with love
Sex and the city 2 : Sinkkuelämää 2.
Lover at last
The influence of migration on Finnish cultural identity in the twentieth century : some preliminary considerations
The shadows
Wishing for tomorrow
Sex and the city : Sinkkuelämää : extended cut
Bright young things
