http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13993 automotive engineering
automotive engineering car technology
Shop manual for manual transmissions and transaxles
Abstract.
Autodata : technical data 1981 : tune-up and service specifications for cars and light commercial vehicles from 1971 = Säätöarvokirja 1981.
Formula 1 technical analysis 2007-08
Automotive technology : tech manual to accompany : a systems approach
Motor vehicle calculations and science : Part 1
Vehicle system dynamics
Automotive systems, sensors and signalling : selected papers from Autotech 95 7 - 9 Noverber 1995.
Motor vehicle technology for mechanics
Automotive development processes : processes for successful customer oriented vehicle development
Anglo-russkij i russko-anglijskij avtomobil'nyj slovar' : okolo 25 000 terminov = English-Russian and Russian-English automobile dictionary : about 25 000 terms
Electronic Transmission Control ETC
Automotive symbols and circuit diagrams
Pro paint & body : includes the latest paint technology and body repair techniques used by today's top pros!
Improving the aerodynamics of a cooling system of a Formula Student car
Automotive Technology A Systems Approach
Human factors in seating and automotive telematics
Hybrid and alternative fuel vehicles
Engine management : : optimising carburettors, fuel injection and ignition systems
Light metals for the automotive industry
Electric and hybrid-electric vehicles. Engines and powertrains
Automotive handbook 2007
On- and off-broad diagnostics : automotive electronics series
Engine technology international
Diesel nitrogen oxide emissions : landmark research 1995-2001
How to paint your car
Dictionary of automobile engineering
Carroll Smith's nuts, bolts, fasteners and plumbing handbook
Model Based Engineering : Robot Car
Chassis & suspension handbook : how to build rugged off-road suspensions for chevy, ford, jeep and dodge vechiles
Car and driver: e-lehti
Rengasnormit
Materials, design and manufacturing for lightweight vehicles
Project management for automotive engineers : a field guide
Design and build a sports car
Ultimate American V-8 engine data book 1949-1974
Automotive engineering : powertrain, chassis system and vehicle body
Formula 1 technical analysis 2006-07
Advanced hybrid vehicle powertrain technology
ATZ offhighway : ATZ extra
Understanding automotive electronics
Classroom manual for automotive electricity and electronics
Multiplexing and networking
Automotive electrics and electronics
Lighting technology
Vehicle gearbox noise and vibration : measurement, signal, analysis, signal processing and noise reduction measures
Development, implementation and evaluation of an architecture for vehicle-to-vehicle and vehicle-to-infrastructure networking
Motorsport is not just about the spectacle of some of the world's most popular and famous sporting events - it also plays a crucial role in developing new techniques and technologies. Each unit in the IMI and EAL level 2 courses are covered in full, and the chapters can be easily matched to the BTEC First course structure. The book covers introductory topics in motorsport from vehicle science and maths through the basics of vehicle maintenance to pre and post race inspections.
The world's worst cars : from pioneering failures to multimillion dollar disasters
Advanced composite materials for automotive applications : structural integrity and crashworthiness
The kitcar builder's manual : buying, building, trimming
Robot Motion and Control 2009
Suspension geometry and computation
Aerodynamics of heavy vehicles : trucks, buses, and trains
Autonomous ground vehicles
Advanced motorsport engineering : units for study at level 3
Chevrolet Volt : development story of the pioneering electrified vehicle / [edited] by Lindsay Brooke
Controller Area Network (CAN) for Vehicle Applications : an SAE professional development e-seminar : handbook & educational support materials
Karting : tools & tips
Advanced Direct Injection Combustion Engine technologies and development . Volume 1, Gasoline and gas engines
Passenger safety and convenience systems
Proceedings of the 2002 SAE automotive dynamics and stability conference
Modern diesel technology : electricity and electronics
Heavy vehicle systems
A guide to automotive air conditioning systems
A guide to autobody repair takes readers all the way through the process of repairing automotive bodywork, from tools and materials to techniques, covering disassembly, repair, reassembly, and surface preparation while demonstrating how to restore a vehicle damaged by collision, rust, or neglect.
Workbook for auto fundamentals : how and why of the design, construction, and operation of automobiles : applicable to all makes and models
Tech one : automotive suspension and steering
Plastics for the automotive industry
The complete idiot's guide to trouble-free car care
Engine electronics
Diesel engine transient operation : principles of operation and simulation analysis
Steering and suspensions technology
Brake systems : OEM & racing brake technology
How to make your car handle
Bol'šoj anglo-russkij avtomobil'nyj slovar' : okolo 50 tysâč terminov = English-Russian automotive dictionary : about 50000 terms
Fuel cell technology for vehicles
Automotive handbook
Variable valve actuation 2002.
Electric and hybrid-electric vehicles. Fuel Cell Hybrid EVs
Dictionary of automotive engineering
Electric and hybrid-electric vehicles. Batteries
Automotive engineering
Car and driver
Lubricant systems, passenger car, and heavy duty engine lubricants
Abstract: The purpose of the project was to implement an embedded system networking and vehicle information display. This was realized by the use of the Controller Area Network (CAN) as the protocol and the front end software Centrafuse for the display. There are many hardware implementation of CAN, the implementation used for the design was the Microchip PIC32MX795F512L microcontroller which has the CAN controller module integrated on it. The transceiver was the Microchip MCP25515 and the dongle was the CAN232 from Lawicel. My task in the project which was the display of vehicle information has been completed and tested using a simulation program. The result was the display of information identical to the stimuli. The other part, the implementation of embedded system networking is still in progress. When the entire project is completed, the design can be modified to be used in other application areas such as elevators and heaters.
Race car vehicle dynamics : problems, answers, and experiments
Principles of vibration analysis with applications in automotive engineering
Automotive technical data book. 2, Morgan to yuogo/zastava : tune-up data for petrol-engined cars and light commercial vehicles from 1987 to 1966.
Ignition Systems for Gasoline Engines
The complete guide to auto body repair
Car and driver : Helsinki
Auto fundamentals : how and why of the design, construction, and operation of automobiles : applicable to all makes and models
Electronic engine controls 2002 : engine control, neural network and non-linear systems
Professional automotive paint refinishing techbook
The scientific design of exhaust and intake systems
Autosonastik : eesti-saksa-inglise-vene = Illustrated automotive dictionary : Estonian-German-English-Russian
Transmission and driveline systems for off-highway
Automotive technical data book. Volume 1, Alfa romeo to morgan
Hitting the brakes : engineering design and the production of knowledge
Run your diesel vehicle on biofuels : a do-it-yourself guide
Transitioning to 42-volt electrical systems
Automotive service : inspection, maintenance, repair
Proceedings of the 18th annual brake colloquium & engineering display
Race engine technology
Automotive electricity and electronics
Automotive technical data book. Volume 2, Nissan to yugo/zastava
How to rebuild and modify your manual transmission
Automotive transmissions : fundamentals, selection, design and application
Future Orientation and Outlook for Vehicle and Transportation Bachelor Education in Oulu UAS
Shop manual for automotive electricity and electronics
Autodata : carburettor manual : checking, adjusting
A Guide to Turbos and Superchargers
The repair of vehicle bodies
Race car vehicle dynamics workbook
Modern automotive technology
Automotive engines
Intelligent vehicular networks and communications : fundamentals, architectures and solutions
ATZ offhighway
Automotive technical data book : tune-up data for petrol-engined cars and light commercial vehicles from 1985 to 1994. Volume 2, Morgan to Yugo/Zastava
Safety, comfort and convenience systems
Classroom manual for manual transmissions and transaxles
Automotive engines : theory and servicing
The car book : everything you need to know about owning, enjoying and maintaining your car
1. Development ooof the Toyota mild-hybrid system (THS-M)   2. Development   of a hybrid powertrain system using CVT in a minivan   3. Highly efficient   hybrid minivan with super low emissions   4. Revisions  on the model of Toyota Prius in ADVISOR 3.1 / Wanng, Weihua   5. A mild hybrid drive train for 42 V automotiive power system-design, control and simulation / Gao, Yimin   6. Study of hybrid electric vehicle  drive train dynamics using gyrator-based equivalent ciruit modeling / Routex, Jean Yves   7. High fuel economy CIDI engine for GM PNGV program   8. Development of a hydrogen engine for a hybrid electric bus   9. Engine starting system development by belt drive machanism   10. 300 kW switched reluctance generator for hybrid vehicle applications   11. Axial flux variable   gab  motor : application in vehicle systems   12. Impact study ooof field-weakening operation of electric motors on drive train oscillations / Routex, Jean Yves   13. A new battery system for the estima hybrid minivan.
Car world : the most amazing automobiles on Earth
Automotive electronics reliability. volume 2
Automobile workshop practice : a practical handbook for service mechanics, apprentices, and owner-drivers
The car : a book of classic motors
The sports car & kit car suspension & brakes high-performance manual : How to Build and Modify : applies to all factory sports cars, home-built specials & kit cars with wishbone front suspension, coil springs, telescopic shock absorbers, & wishbone or trailing arm independent or live axle rear suspension
Transmission and driveline symposium 2000
Alternators and Starter Motors
Basic motorsport engineering : units for study at level 2
Emissions and air quality
Automotive safety handbook
Automotive engines : control, estimation, statistical detection
Implementation of an embedded system and vehicle information display
Integrated powertrains and their control
Automotive technical data book : tune-up data for petrol-engined cars and light commercial vehicles from 1985 to 1994. Volume 1, Alfa Romeo to Mitsubishi
How to choose camshafts & time them for maximum power
Simulation and analysis of vehicular ad-hoc networks in urban and rural areas
Advanced Motorsport Engineering is an essential textbook for students on Motorsports Engineering courses and a handy reference those already working in the industry.The book covers advanced topics in motorsport such as diagnosing and rectifying faults in engines, chassis and transmission. Sections on composite materials and advanced engine management systems provide a complete coverage of level 3 courses. Each unit in the IMI and EAL syllabus is covered in full and illustrated with photos, diagrams and key learning points. The chapters can also be easily matched to the BTEC National course structure.Motorsport is not just about the spectacle of some of the world's most popular and famous sporting events - it also plays a crucial role in developing new techniques and technologies. Getting a qualification in motorsport could be the first step in a career in one of the most exciting and challenging sectors of high performance engineering.
Dry clutch control for automotive applications
Electric and hybrid-electric vehicles. Overview and viewpoints
AUTOMOTIVE TECHNICAL DATA BOOK : 1980-1989
Anglo-russkij i russko-anglijskij avtomobil'nyj slovar' : okolo 28 000 terminov = English-Russian and Russian-English automobile dictionary : about 28 000 terms
Electronic ignition manual
AUTODATA : TEKNISET ARVOT 1995.
Automotive lubricants reference book
Gears and gear drives
Manual on design and manufacture of torsion bar springs and stabilizer bars : report of the spring commitee, last revised may 2000.
All about hybrid vehicles : the green car concept and Its impact to the basic design and specifications of motor vehicles
