http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p13942 racing cars
racing cars
Superstars V8 : next challenge : PC DVD-ROM
Racing driver : how to drive racing cars step by step
...And they walked away
Fiberglass & other composite materials : an guide to high performance non-metallic materials for race cars, street rods, body shops, boats and aircraft
Competition car data logging : a practical handbook
Making tracks
Engine airflow : a practical guide to airflow theory, parts testing, flow bench testing and analyzing data to increase performance for any street or racing engine
Formula one : the illustrated history
Cars : mater-national championship : PlayStation 3
Pit Stop Perils
Speed, style and beauty : cars from the Ralph Lauren collection
SPORTS CAR CLASSICS / A MARQUE-BY-MARQUE GUIDE TO OVER 35 DREAM CARS
Go like hell : Ford, Ferrari and their battle for speed and glory at Le Mans
The chequered flag : the story of the racing car
How to win a monster race
Racing Cars
Racing cars : a-z of formula
WRC 4 - FIA world rally championship : PlayStation 3
The art of racing in the rain : a novel
Motor mouth
Formula One yearbook 1998 : chronicle of the grand prix year
The World of automobiles 19 : Star-Swe. 19.
The racing engine builder's handbook : how to build winning drag, circle track, marine, and road racing engines
Race engine technology
Carroll Smith's nuts, bolts, fasteners and plumbing handbook
The World of automobiles 20 : Swi-TVR. 20.
Four-stroke performance tuning
Monty wins the cup
How to modify your Mini
The supercharged Mercedes [1919-1939]
Formula 1. 2001 : technical analysis : preview 2002 / Giorgio Piola
Ferrari's world champions : the cars that beat the world
The World of automobiles 14 : Oil f-Pet. 14.
Demolition Derby
How to build real hot rods
The World of automobiles 15 : Peu-Rai. 15.
Wheels of fire : a novel of the SERRAted Edge
Competition car composites : a practical handbook
The World of automobiles 17 : Rolls-Sh. 17.
McLaren : the art of racing
Automobile year. 1986/87, No. 34
Race car aerodynamics : designing for speed
The World of automobiles 22 : Wal-Zul & subject guide. 22.
BBC Sport world Formula 1 records
Hot rods and dragsters : the definitive guide to the fastest-accelerating cars ever made
Formula One Grand Prix 2003 : the official ITV sport guide
George's racing car
Roary the racing car : owners' workshop manual
The World of automobiles 1 : Aa-aus. 1.
Small-block Chevy engine buildups : : how to build horsepower for maximum street and racing performance : covers all makes and models
The World of automobiles 2 : Aus-Bri. 2.
Team Hot Wheels : huikea startti
Formula 1 yearbook. 1995
The fantastic cutaway book of speed
Porsche : precision, balance, and style
The World of automobiles 13 : Mosp-Oil a. 13.
Cars : mater-national championship : PlayStation 2
Formula 1 technical analysis 2007-08
The unofficial complete encyclopedia of Formula one
THE ENCYCLOPEDIA OF SPORTSCARS
Cosworth : the search for power
The World of automobiles 4 : Chit-Daf. 4.
WRC 5 : PlayStation 3
Race car vehicle dynamics workbook
Race car chassis : design and construction
The history of formula one
Build your own sports car : for as little as £250 - and race it!
A-Z of grand prix cars
The World of automobiles 10 : Jar-Lin. 10.
Born to run : a novel of the Serrated Edge
The World of automobiles 16 : Ral-Rolla. 16.
Slow down, George!
The modern formula 1 race car : From drawing board to racetrack
Stock car setup secrets : advanced chassis and suspension technology for asphalt and dirt circle track racing
The World of automobiles 7 : Fren-Gre. 7.
McLaren : Formula 1 racing team
1001 dream cars : Dream Drives and Ultimate Autos
Racing cars and the history of motor sport
Stock cars
Drive to win
Sports and racing
Stephen Biesty's incredible everything
This is my racing car
Anatomy of speed : inside the  world`s great race cars
Race car vehicle dynamics : problems, answers, and experiments
The World of automobiles 12 : Mercu-Mosk. 12.
Prepare to win
Race day!
Formula 1 technical analysis 2006-07
Road vehicle aerodynamic design : an introduction
Picture facts Dragsters
Racing cars : masterpieces of engineering
Go faster : the graphic design of racing cars
Formula 1 : all the races : the World Championship story race-by-race : 1950-2012
Racing cars / Let`s look up
Competition car downforce : a practical handbook
Improving the aerodynamics of a cooling system of a Formula Student car
When the bough breaks : a novel of the SERRAted edge
The World of automobiles 9 : How-Jag. 9.
In the fast lane
The World of automobiles 3 : Bri-Chir. 3.
Hands-on race car engineer
Tune to win : the art and science of race car development and tuning
The World of automobiles 11 : Lis-Merce. 11.
Racing cars
Grid. 2 : Xbox 360, Xbox Live
The sports car & kit car suspension & brakes high-performance manual : How to Build and Modify : applies to all factory sports cars, home-built specials & kit cars with wishbone front suspension, coil springs, telescopic shock absorbers, & wishbone or trailing arm independent or live axle rear suspension
Racing car
The World of automobiles 5 : Dai-Enf. 5.
Great racing cars of the world
The World of automobiles 6 : Eng-Fren. 6.
The World of automobiles 18 : Si-Stan. 18.
Hot rods by Boyd Coddington
The World of automobiles 8 : Gro-Hot. 8.
Brake systems : OEM & racing brake technology
GP classic racing : Wii
The chequered flag : 100 years of motor racing
Design of racing and high-performance engines, 1998-2003 : PT-100
The World of automobiles 21 : Two-Wag. 21.
The ultimate encyclopedia of formula one : The definite illustrated guide to grand prix motor racing
The Sebastian Vettel quiz book : 100 Questions On The German Racing Driver
Rally Cars
