http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14013 sawmills
sawmills
Sawmill map of Sweden 2006.
Small sawmills as enterprises : a behavioral investigation of development potential
PPB map of Russia 2006.
The norwegian sawmill community by the White sea
PPB map of China 2006-7
Sawmill map of Finland 2000 ; Forest industry map of Finland 2000.
Energy consumption trends and energy consumption in modern mills in forest industry
Small-scale sawmills in industrial and social development of backward forestry areas
Project analysis : exporting masterflex-printed sheets from Stora Enso packaging Heinola mill to Skene mill
Timber, Pulp and Paper Trades' Directory of Finland 1911-1912 : published by Aktiebolaget Index
Sawmill map of Finland 2002 ; Forest industry map of Finland 2002.
HewSaw team : the Veisto Group magazine
When country dwellers became staple town burghers : the establishment of the first export sawmill in eastern Finnish hinterland and the granting of privileges to the export sawmill industry of Savo in the 1760's and 1770's
Trends and scenarios related to the turbulent operating environment of Finnish sawmills
Timber technicalities : definitions of terms used in the timber and correlative trades and wood consuming industries
Sawmill map of Baltic States 2008 ; Forest industry map of Baltic States 2008.
Constructing communities : the establishment and demographic development of sawmill communities in the Sundsvall district, 1850-1890
Sawmill map of Sweden 2007 ; Forest industry map of Sweden 2007.
Sawmill map of Russia 2008 ; PPB map of Russia 2008.
An exploratory investigation of entrepreneurial space: the case of small sawmills, North Karelia, Finland
Lumber manufacturing : the design and operation of sawmills and planer mills
Sawmill map of Finland 2008 ; Forest industry map of Finland 2008.
State intervention and sawmill deaths : the sawmilling industry in the Bothanian Arch during the interwar years
Woodcutter simulator 2011 : PC CD-ROM
Sawmill map of Finland 2007 ; Forest industry map of Finland 2007.
In this gripping novel of suspense by #1 New York Times bestselling author Lisa Jackson, a small timber town nestled in the shadow of Oregon's Cascade Mountains is the perfect place for a killer to hide.
Sawmill map including sawmills, impregnation and planing plants in Finland 1999.
Abstract.
The miserable mill
Logistics in the forest sector
Managing timber procurement in Nordic purchasing sawmills
Entrepreneurs in rural areas : a humanistic approach to the study of small sawmills in North Karelia, Finland
Occurrence and metabolism of chlorophenolic wood preservative in the environment
Assessing the resource usage decisions and financial performance in Finnish sawmills within the resource-based view framework
Oregon's forest products industry: 1992
Small-scale processing of forest products in taiga model forest : technological, economic and social aspects
Activity-based costing method in forest industry modelling the production and costs of sawing, the pulp and paper industry, and energy production
Kuvia leivän isästä : Kemiyhtiön taipaleelta 1893-1993 = The breadwinner : a pictorial history of the Kemi company 1893-1993
The Finnish Woodpulp and Board Union = Suomen Puuhiomoyhdistys = Finska Träsliperiföreningen : forty years of business 1893-1933
Sawmills : Finland's protoindustry
Sawmill map of Russia 2007 ; PPB map of Russia 2007.
Mathematical modelling of groundwater pollution in a small heterogeneous aquifer at Kärkölä, southern Finland
The Finnish forest cluster - the success story of paper, machines and know-how
Small firms in the periphery : a discussion on the small sawmills of North Karelia
Sawtimber markets and business cycles in the Finnish sawmilling industry : results of a preliminary study
Reposaaren höyrysaha Oy, 1872-1922 : muistojulkaisu 50-vuotisen toiminnan johdosta = to celebrate the fiftieth anniversary of the firms existence
Sawmill map including sawmills, impregnation and planing plants in Finland 1998.
Small log sawmills : profitable product selection, process design and operation
Nordic and Baltic shipping marks of sawn timber
Size control of sawn timber by optical means in breakdown saw machines
Summary.
Marketing-oriented strategy concept and its empirical testing with large sawmills
The Finnish sawmilling school 1921-1936
Activity-based costing in a softwood sawmill : research plan
Summary: State intervention and sawmill deaths : the sawmilling industry in the Bothanian Arch during the interwar years .
Bioremediation of chlorophenol-contaminated sawmill soil
A game theoretic simulation model for quality oriented timber supply to sawmills
Timber floating in Finland : then and now
Direct democracy in an environmental movement : Argentine asambleas in the Uruguay river pulp mill controversy
Efficiency of sawmill operations and the role of smallholdings in the rubberwood supply supply in Thailand
Reposaaren höyrysaha Oy, 1872-1922 : muistojulkaisu 50-vuotisen toiminnan johdosta = To celebrate the fiftieth anniversary of the firms existence
The use and formation of CPs, PCPPs and PCDDs/PCDFs in mechanical and chemical wood processing industries
Saws : design, selection, operation, maintenance
Sawmill workers in their community
Finnish abstract: Project analysis. Exporting masterflex-printed sheets from Stora Enso packaging Heinola mill to Skene mill.
