http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1406 finance
finance funding
Strategic management in the arts
Innovative models for funding public sector infrastructure : UK case study
Instructor's manual to accompany Fundamentals of corporate finance
Fixed income derivatives and alternative investments : SchweserNotes for the 2011 CFA exam, level, book 5.
Overlook on public funding for small and medium sized companies
Lending to households and non-financial corporations has been sluggish and credit standards have continued to be tight in many euro area countries. In June 2014, the Governing Council of the ECB decided to support bank lending to the corporate sector by pledging to commence a series of targeted longer-term refinancing operations. Although the significance of the banking sector in the transmission of monetary policy to the real economy is considerable, the factors behind changes in banks' credit standards in the euro area have not been empirically analysed. With the help of the ECB's Bank Lending Survey, a survey of bank lending and credit demand in the euro area, this article examines to what extent the changes in the terms of credit for corporate loans are due to supply and demand factors, how the size of a company applying for credit affects the terms applied and how the situation in stressed countries differs from that in other euro area countries..
Finance, research, education, and growth
Fair trade coffee in Nicaragua : impacts of certified production on cooperatives, farmers and laborers
Has banks' financial intermediation improved in Russia?
Economics of health care financing : the visible hand
Analysis of derivatives for the CFA® Program
Managing sport business : an introduction
Practical Business Establishment in Finland : Case: Vietasia private trader
Financial times guide to business finance
Junior football club's financing in Finland : case: Mikkelin Kissat C-Junior
Health care financing through micro insurance in Cameroon : a prelude to Universalism
Health : a vital investment for economic development in Eastern Europe and Central Asia
Modern corporate finance : a multidisciplinary approach to value creation
A choreographer's handbook
Essays on debt financing, firm performance, and banking in emerging markets
Corporate financial strategy
Financing higher education : answers from the UK
The revolution in corporate finance
On the real and the financing processes of the firm : a continous-time mathematical analysis
Strategy-performance approach to venture capital finance process : introduction of a new strategy-performance innovation model for VCF-context
Accountable advertising : a handbook for managers and analysts
Financial strategy : adding stakeholder value
Crowdfunding for a Novelty Product : Case Study: Goodio Cools
Event Management : Manual for Financial Practicalities
Accounting and finance : an introduction
The aim of this paper is to analyze the increasing importance of banks in the Russian economy over the period following the financial crisis of 1998. We use several measures to assess the role of banks in domestic financial intermediation in Russia. The traditional macro-level view is complemented by the analysis of sectoral financial flows as well as by insights from micro-level studies. All of these confirm that banks are becoming increasingly important in financial intermediation. We find that the scope and efficiency of intermediation by Russian banks has improved over time, but the level of banks' financial intermediation still lags behind other countries with similar levels of income. Possible explanations for this include the dual nature of Russian financial system.  Keywords: Russia, banks, financial intermediation, financial system .
Fixed income readings for the Chartered Financial Analyst® Program
The Anchoring Bias of Investors and the 52-Week High Momentum Strategy in the OMX Helsinki Stock Exchange : Psychological Approach to Market Efficiency
Handbook of asset and liability management : from models to optimal return strategies
Financial management and policy
Modern financial theory : perfect and imperfect markets
Financial management for hospitality decision makers
Smart financial management : the essential reference for the successful small business
Crowdfunding in the banking industry : adjusting to a digital era
Business finance for managers : an essential guide to planning, control and decision making
Information and default risk in financial valuation
Analysis of equity investments : valuation
Public sector services for Finnish  SMEs to internationalize to China  : case "Turku - Tianjin project"
Crowdfunding as a Customer Engagement Channel
On the classification of financial ratios : a factor and transformation analysis of accural, clash flow, and market-based ratios
Government R&D funding in the state budget
Case problems in finance
Pocket finance
Investment funds : Annual Review
Finance for growing enterprises
The electronic financial markets of the future : survival strategies of the broker-dealers
Tough crowd : consumer acceptance of equity crowdfunding platforms
Financial analysis & decision making : tools and techniques to solve financial problems and make effective business decisions
The Kalman filter in finance
Principles of finance
Financial statement analysis : a practitioner's guide
Risk and opportunity : managing risk for development
The financial difficulties of small and medium-sized enterprises in the euro area are gradually easing. Finance surveys indicate that access to finance has continued to be unconstrained in Finland, but the terms and conditions of loans are tightening. Collateral requirements are increasing, as is the use of various loan covenants in corporate finance..
Quantitative methods for investment analysis
Banks' share in corporate finance has increased in Finland
Fundamentals of financial management
United States hegemony and the structural power of finance
Applied corporate finance : a user's manual
On the political economy of social security and public education
Recent developments in international banking and finance. Volumes 4 and 5
Financial management of the small firm
Fixed income analysis for the Chartered Financial Analyst® Program
Health and economic development in South-Eastern Europe
Achievements and challenges of microfinance institution in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia
Financing small and medium size enterprises – case study MML Resources Ltd.
Law and practice of credit factoring
Dynamic firm and investor behaviour under progressive personal taxation
Finance : environment and decisions
The smart entrepreneur : how to build for a successful business
Small Scale Industry: Problems of Establishing Small Business Enterprise in Nigeria  : Case: Alahteef Nigeria Limited
Financial accounting for non-specialists
Implementation of quality cost management tool in dyadic purchaser-provider relationship context
Corporate finance
Grant information for researchers
Fixed income securities : tools for today's markets
A cross-industry analysis of financial ratios : comparabilities and corporate performance
Prudent margin levels in the Finnish stock index futures market
OpusCapita journal : passion for financial management
How to run a theatre : a witty, practical and fun guide to arts management
Evaluation of academic funding system by simulation
International Financial Reporting Standards effects on Banks in Vietnam
Accounting : an introduction / Eddie McLaney and Peter Atrill
Business adventures : twelve classic tales from the world of Wall Street
Corporate Governance in Modern Financial Capitalism : old mutual's hostile takeover of Skandia
Suggestions for marketing in Branch Transaction Office I of Agriculture Bank Hanoi
Public funding as part of the internationalization of Finnish SME's  : A Case Study: price tag for internationalization
Financial activities
The countercyclical capital buffer requirement is one of the new macroprudential instruments that will come into use in Finland. It enables the strengthening of the banking sector's resilience to systemic risks resulting from excessive credit growth. In setting the requirement, strong emphasis should be placed on a small range of indicators to be selected, defined and published in advance. In contrast, reducing or releasing the buffer should primarily be based on judgment by the relevant authorities..
The modern theory of corporate finance
A benchmark approach to quantitative finance
Financing business opportunities in Asia
Financial reporting and analysis : SchweserNotes for the 2011 CFA, level 1, book 3.
Rising indebtedness increases risks in China
Corporate financing and investment decisions : an empirical investigation of the role of asymmetric information
Implementing a Crowdfunding Campaign for a Profit Seeking Entity in Finland
The Financial Markets of China
Fundamentals of corporate finance
The triple helix : university-industry-government innovation in action
Project finance 2008 - in 22 jurisdictions worldwide
Third Party Funding in International Arbitration
International corporate finance : markets, transactions and financial management
Problems of social security under economic recession and inflation : report of round table meeting (Turku, 14-16 September 1976)
Financial aspects of marketing
Structural changes in banking have created space for new players on the financial markets. Weak economic growth, regulation, search for yield and technical innovations have facilitated growth in shadow banking. Even though the diversification of funding channels is to be welcomed, the growth of shadow banking entails risks that must be monitored. In Finland, the volume of shadow banking is small by international comparison..
Linking retirement age to life expectancy : what happens to working lives and income distribution
The producer's business handbook : the roadmap for the balanced film producer
Redefining financial services
Corporate finance : a model-building approach
Crowdfunding as a way of financing start-ups in Poland
Cases in financial statement reporting and analysis
This insightful book focuses upon corporate governance processes, and explores the conditions required for effective corporate governance and control in 21st century globalized and financialized economies. In presenting a comprehensive study of a cross-border hostile corporate take-over process, describing the actors, institutions and events involved, this book examines and questions the current forms of corporate governance and control - both from a national and a global perspective. Using Old Mutual's takeover of Skandia as a case study, the authors address corporate governance theory, and h
ICT cluster study Helsinki region
Summary (s. 3-9).
The Support Possibilities of a Starting Entrepreneur
Summary (s. xxv-xxviii).
The Facilities Management Handbook gives a complete overview of the role of a Facilities Manager. It provides all the relevant legal compliance, strategic policies and best practice information needed to ensure the safe, efficient and cost-effective running of any facilities function. Complete with checklists and sources of further information, this book offers easy-to-find practical advice to this broad and complex field. This new edition reflects the greater awareness of sustainable practices, as well as bringing the book up-to-date in line with changes to legislation. This title: clearly explains UK Health & Safety legislation providing unambiguous information needed for legal compliance; gives an overview to the diverse duties covered by a facilities manager, eliminating the need for separate references; and, includes checklists and sources of further information for easy-to-find advice.
Crowdfunding or Business Angels to Finance Start-Ups
Guide to financial analysis
Comparing alternative structures of financial alliances
Lectures on corporate finance
Social expenditure and its financing in Finland 1986-2000
The Essence of Financial Management
The relation between corporate financing activities : analysts' forecasts and stock return: evidence from Finnish public firms
Business plans for filmmakers
Essays on the economics of small business finance
Finance : an introduction
The funding of higher education : international perspectives
Essays on credit risk in SMEs
Financial market report
Modern corporate finance
Principles of accounting and finance
Why are euro area banks' credit standards still tight?
Quest for optimal working capital : The Case of FK RASZTER Building Inc.
Double role of music criticism : a model of the inner structure of the funding of music
International business : the new realities
Investment and Savings Policies from the Perspective of Estate Planning
Should There Be a Salary Cap for Top Managers in the Financial Sector?
Pensions and public finances in Finland : a generational accounting perspective
Financial accounting : the impact on decision makers
On the optimal divided policy of the firm under uncertainty
Five ways to improve university funding = Cinq pistes pour améliorer le financement des universités
Water research in Finland 2002-2006 : international evaluation
Crowdfund investing for dummies
New drug development in biopharmaceutical companies : the role of private and external funding
Evaluation of biotechnology research utilisation in Finland
Essays on investment decisions of households across the wealth spectrum
Finance from Europe : a guide to grants and loans from the Europen Union
Profile of UNEP capacity building and technology support activities 2004.
The crowdfunding bible : how to raise money for any startup, video game, or project
Abstract.
What is the best way to enter Florida's real estate market in today's economy? : This may serve as a simple guide which offers options for a startup real estate company to enter any real estate market
Econometric studies of public support to entrepreneurship
Report of the first Global Forum on Environmental Funds, Santa Cruz, Bolivia, 30 May - 2 June 1994
Hedging the currency risks with financial derivatives and the impact of EMU on hedging needs
Financial theory and corporate policy
Contributions to mathematics, statistics, econometrics, and finance : essays in honour of professor Seppo Pynnönen
Frontiers of financial management : selected readings
Models of Financing Smart Grid Projects Abroad
Structural changes in banking have paved the way for shadow banks
Starting up : archieving success with professional business planning
Studying principals' resource allocation and affecting resource factors for physical education in Finland
The essential controller : an introduction to what every financial manager must know
Economics of education
Project Finance Model in Renewable Energy Projects
Understanding costs and outcomes in child welfare services : a comprehensive costing approach to managing your resources
Growth possibilities of biotechnology companies founded in the 21st century in Finland : a case study
Mathematics of finance
Introduction to financial management
Small business finance : sources of financing for small business. Part B
The review of corporate finance studies
Social security in Finland
Facilities management handbook
An Undergraduate Introduction to Financial Mathematics
How should the countercyclical capital buffer requirement be applied?
Reformative Finland : research and innovation policy review 2015-2020
Do more faster : techstars lessons to accelerate your startup
Principles of managerial finance
"An up-to-date look at the most important issues surrounding fixed income securitiesFixed-income securities traditionally promised fixed cash flows (like bonds), but with recent innovations in this field, including products for which the promised cash flows depend on the level of interest rates, a new understanding of this subject is needed. That's why Bruce Tuckman and Angel Serrat have returned to create the Third Edition of Fixed Income Securities. Considered the go-to-guide for information on fixed income securities, this latest edition covers the most advanced thinking in the field and comprehensively shows how to value the complete universe of fixed income securities. Included are all the latest fixed income securities valuation models and techniques, as well as expert insights on their applications in real-world situations. The Third Edition also contains two new chapters dedicated to foreign exchange markets and corporate bonds, and credit-default swaps. Reflects the most current thinking on valuation and modeling of fixed income securities Includes examples, applications, and case studies to illustrate the practical uses of difficult concepts Follows a modern approach to fixed income application and risk control A companion Workbook is also available so you can hone your skills and test the knowledge you've gained from the actual text Fixed Income Securities, Third Edition approaches a theoretically demanding field from the working professional's point of view. From swaps and options to spreads of spreads and basis trades, this hands-on guide goes straight to the heart of fixed income knowledge and provides a template for trading and investing in the twenty-first-century marketplace"--
Abstract: The purpose of this study was to examine and analyze the financial markets of China. The intention was to form a comprehensive picture of the current state and the latest developments of the markets. Specific attention was paid to the accessibility and opportunities offered to foreign participants in the markets. The study concentrates on mainland China, excluding Hong Kong and Macau. The research was conducted using qualitative methodology, by collecting data first and then analyzing it using financial market theories. The data was collected from various sources, including business news, academic journals, official websites, statistics databases and interviews. The analysis was based on different aspects of efficient markets; the allocative, operational and informational efficiencies. The results revealed that while the financial markets of China have a modern and quickly developing appearance, they are still far from being open and efficient. The most important limiting factor in the financial markets is the regulation of the foreign exchange market. The government also holds a strong control over all the other aspects of the markets as well. The access for foreign companies is currently restricted; only a limited number of licensed foreign institutions are allowed to operate with the local currency, and even then only within set quotas. The markets are, however, constantly developing. The foreign exchange is slowly opening up, presenting new investment opportunities for foreign investors in the future.
Many manifestations of perceived trust in the wealth management context
THE ROLE OF GOODWILL IN UNDERSTANDING THE FINANCIAL POSITION OF A COMPANY
The financing and financial control of small enterprise development
Financial planning : modelling methods and techniques
Financial modelling and asset valuation with Excel
The total amount of public and private debt in China has increased rapidly since the financial crisis. The country's debt-to-GDP ratio has already reached the level seen in many advanced economies. The rapid rise in debt in many countries has led to financial sector problems and to a marked slowing of economic growth. Sustainable management of the economy in China would require a slowdown in the debt build-up. There are no indications of this as yet. Curbing debt accumulation would require China's readiness to accept lower growth targets..
Financial inclusion in Spain : a comparative study among banks, savings banks and cooperative banks
Can markets protect biodiversity? : an evaluation of different financial mechanisms
The power of financial innovation : successful corporate solutions to managing interest rate, foreign exchange rate and commodity exposures on a worldwide basis
An empirical analysis of the capital investment and financing behavior of a Finnish firm : an application of a long-run constant growth and profitability model
Discussing the revolution in corporate finance : the Stern Stewart Roundtables
Wiley CMAexcel learning system exam review 2015 : self-study guide. Part 2. financial decision making
Handbook of financial analysis : with spreadsheet models for decision analysis and performance evaluation applications
Corporate treasury and cash management
Monetary financial institutions : annual review
Financial decision making : concepts, problems, and cases
The financial markets of China
Innovative care for chronic conditions : building blocks for action
The analysis and use of financial statements
