http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14039 solid geometry
solid geometry
The clockwork rocket
Space, time, & stuff
Spatial representation : problems in philosophy and psychology
Janos Bolyai (1802-1860) was a mathematician who changed our fundamental ideas about space. As a teenager he started to explore a set of nettlesome geometrical problems, including Euclid's parallel postulate, and in 1832 he published a brilliant twenty-four-page paper that eventually shook the foundations of the 2000-year-old tradition of Euclidean geometry. Bolyai's "Appendix" (published as just that -- an appendix to a much longer mathematical work by his father) set up a series of mathematical proposals whose implications would blossom into the new field of non-Euclidean geometry, providing essential intellectual background for ideas as varied as the theory of relativity and the work of Marcel Duchamp. In this short book, Jeremy Gray explains Bolyai's ideas and the historical context in which they emerged, were debated, and were eventually recognized as a central achievement in the Western intellectual tradition. Intended for nonspecialists, the book includes facsimiles of Bolyai's original paper and the 1898 English translation by G. B. Halstead, both reproduced from copies in the Burndy Library at MIT.
Holes and other superficialities
Now in a revised and expanded new edition, this volume chronologically traces the evolution of Euclidean, non-Euclidean, and relativistic theories regarding the shape of the universe. A unique, highly readable, and entertaining account, the book assumes no special mathematical knowledge. It reviews the failed classical attempts to prove the parallel postulate and provides coverage of the role of Gauss, Lobachevskii, and Bolyai in setting the foundations of modern differential geometry, which laid the groundwork for Einstein's theories of special and general relativity. This updated account includes a new chapter on Islamic contributions to this area, as well as additional information on gravitation, the nature of space and black holes.
Ideas of space : euclidean, non-euclidean, and relativistic
An essay on the foundations of geometry
Sobolev spaces in probability and Meyer's inequalities
Building Platonic solids : how to construct sturdy Platonic solids from paper or cardboard
János Bolyai, Non-Euclidean Geometry, and the Nature of Space
"Space, Time, and Stuff is an attempt to show that physics is geometry: that the fundamental structure of the physical world is purely geometrical structure. Along the way, he examines some non-standard views about the structure of spacetime and its inhabitants, including the idea that space and time are pointless, the idea that quantum mechanics is a completely local theory, the idea that antiparticles are just particles travelling back in time, and the idea that time has no structure whatsoever. The main thrust of the book, however, is that there are good reasons to believe that spaces other than spacetime exist, and that it is the existence of these additional spaces that allows one to reduce all of physics to geometry. Philosophy, and metaphysics in particular, plays an important role here: the assumption that the fundamental laws of physics are simple in terms of the fundamental physical properties and relations is pivotal."--P. [4] of cover.
The transport phenomena problem solver : momentum, energy, mass
Relativistic stellar models and integrable systems
The arrows of time
Mappings of finite distortion on generalized manifolds
Building Platonic solids : how to construct sturdy Platonic solids from paper or cardboard and draw platonic solid templates with a ruler and compass
Plane and solid geometry
Geometric representations of perceptual phenomena : papers in honor of Tarow Indow on his 70th birthday
Order in space : a design source book
A metageometric enquiry concerning time, space, and quantum physics
Geometry of four dimensions
