http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14049 adventure
adventure
Marketing of adventure tourism destination in Nepal
The road to ever after
Improving Tourism in Lapland in the Low Season
Marketing of adventure tourism : Allied Adventure Travels and Tours, Nepal
Adventure Tourism in Vaasa Region : Demand for a new business
Raven's gate : the graphic novel
A bloody storm
A feast of dragons
The bitter kingdom
Alice in Wonderland
In this sharp and darkly mysterious novel Lenk and his fellow adventurers must find their way through the silk-trading city of C'Jer Daal as demons and gods stalk the streets in a battle for dominion even as the thieves guilds go to war for their own petty ends.  Mixing wild magics, exciting swordplay, mystery and an irrestible, if scurrilous, sense of humour this is a hugely exciting new direction for fantasy. Full of adventure and extreme imagination it nevertheless manages to weave in a surprising subtlety and sensitivity in it's characterisation.
The girl who raced Fairyland all the way home
Percy Jackson and the Greek heroes
Clockwork angel
The Land of Goodies : a Faraway Tree adventure
When Bella's dog bumps Bella and Ben off the page, they land in the wrong book.
It's a very snowy day in the Hundred Acre Wood, and Pooh Bear realises that some of the other animals might be snowed in to their houses. With the help of Piglet, he determines to help all of the other animals clear the snow away and then it's time for a Little Something! After all that, there's just enough time for Christopher Robin to show them all how to make a snowman.
The girl of fire and thorns
Davy David, an orphan, lives by his wits in the dead-end town of Brownvale. When a stray dog called George turns Davy's life upside down just days before Christmas, he sets in motion a chain of events which forces them to flee. A mischievous wind blows the two of them to a boarded-up museum on the outskirts of town where they meet the elderly recluse, Miss Flint. She has planned one last adventure before her time is up and hires the reluctant Davy and George to escort her. A magical adventure about an unlikely friendship and an unforgettable journey. Ages 9+
Mary Poppins comes back
Monkey's clever tale
Boy soldier
Mary Poppins and the house next door
The first hippo on the moon
The snail and the whale
When Claudette sets out to slay the dragon that ate her father's legs and his legendary sword, she will need more help than ever from her friend Marie and her brother Gaston / Library of Congress.
Mary Poppins opens the door
Wild storm
Adultery : a novel
The girl who soared over Fairyland and cut the moon in two
The wonderful wizard of Oz. [1]
The talisman
Children of Dune
On the planet of Arrakis, men, nature, and time attend the evolutionary growth of Leto and his twin sister Ghanima, children of the mighty Muad'Dib, as their aunt Alia plots to obtain the secrets of the twins' visions in order to secure her reign.
The adventures of Alfie Onion
Inferno
Katy's pony summer
Narn i chîn Húrin : the tale of the children of Húrin
Sign of the moon
Islands of healing : a guide to adventure based counseling
Sea of shadows
"Martha Wells expands her world of the Raksura with the start of a brand new Three Worlds series. An expedition of groundlings from the Empire of Kish have traveled through the Three Worlds to the Indigo Cloud court of the Raksura, shape-shifting creatures of flight that live in large family groups. The groundlings have found a sealed ancient city at the edge of the shallow seas, near the deeps of the impassable Ocean. They believe it to be the last home of their ancestors and ask for help getting inside. But the Raksura fear it was built by their own distant ancestors, the Forerunners, and the last sealed Forerunner city they encountered was a prison for an unstoppable evil. Prior to the groundlings' arrival, the Indigo Cloud court had been plagued by visions of a disaster that could destroy all the courts in the Reaches. Now, the court's mentors believe the ancient city is connected to the foretold danger. A small group of warriors, including consort Moon, an orphan new to the colony and the Raksura's idea of family, and sister queen Jade, agree to go with the groundling expedition to investigate. But the predatory Fell have found the city too, and in the race to keep the danger contained, the Raksura may be the ones who inadvertently release it. The Edge of Worlds, from celebrated fantasy author Martha Wells, returns to the fascinating world of The Cloud Roads for the first book in a new series of strange lands, uncanny beings, dead cities, and ancient danger"--
Dark island : trilogy. Part 3
We're in the wrong book!
A touch of evil : The supernatural game
Great Bear Lake
The Lady musketeer
Thoron : the living storm
Cave~in
The waking fire
The adventures of Tom Sawyer
The plague dogs
Saurex : the silent creeper
After Alice
Appleblossom the possum
Nation
Pooh's Christmas adventure
Heroes of the frontier : a novel
The atlantis world
Treasure Island
Moomin and the new friend
The last wilderness
Night whispers
Super happy magic forest. Slug of doom
Once Tashi met a dragon
Lost horizon
Ptolemy's gate
The edge of worlds
The Melting Sea
Memory boy
Elric of Melniboné
Dolphin adventure
Deception. Book 2
The complete Peter Pan
Jonadab and Rita
Lulu and the chocolate wedding
Adventure in Egypt
Disney's adventure stories
The boy who swam with piranhas
Russian roulette : Alex Rider
The jungle book
Burlington's Highland adventures
Adventure education : an introduction
Pop princess
Belle and Sébastien : the child of the mountains
A march of kings
In order to end the Masked Man's literary army, the twins and their friends must enter Conner's short stories, where they find allies in unexpected places but whom they need to end the Masked Man's reign of terror.
Alfie and his very best friend
The Count of Monte Cristo
The blood of Olympus
Talisman : the magical quest game
The Staff of Serapis : Percy Jackson & Kane Chronicles crossover
Adventure racing activities for fun and fitness
In Mary Poppins Comes Back, the beloved nanny returns when she's pulled down from the clouds by the string of Michael's kite. In her care, the Banks children meet the King of the Castle and the Dirty Rascal, visit the upside-down world of Mr. Turvy and his bride, Miss Topsy, and spend a breathless afternoon above the park, dangling from a clutch of balloons. Surprises are sure to pop up when Mary Poppins is around! / WorldCat.
General competences of school curriculum in adventure module for school youth worker
Jazzy in the jungle
Empire of night
Through the looking-glass and what Alice found there
Spirits in the stars
MARKETING OF ADVENTURE AND NATURE TOURISM : A Case Study of Shambala Trekking Agency in Nepal
The abominable snowman : a short story from dragons at crumbling castle
The misenchanted sword
The new arrival
Learning from experiences : students' meaningful learning experiences during an outdoor course in Chile
The forgotten warrior
Forest of the pygmies
The eye of the falcon
The book of wonders
Let's sing and play
Stick Man
Holy cow : a modern-day dairy tale
Siege and storm
Hero. Foreigner. Queen. Elisa, at the age of seventeen, is all three. And all three draw enemies. Faced with assassins, court politics, and the threat of civil war, Elisa despairs of being the ruler her people need. Her only hope is the Godstone. She must master its power once and for all. She finds clues hidden in a long forgotten--and forbidden--scripture. Accompanied by a one-eyed warrior, an enemy defector, and the man she is falling in love with, Elisa takes a leap of faith and crosses an ocean in search of the ultimate source of the Godstone's power. But her faith has always had a price, and doing the right thing might mean giving up the power she desperately needs. And it might mean giving up the man she desperately loves.
Water-based tourism, sport, leisure and recreation experiences
Stig of the dump
An author's odyssey
Space shuttle blasts off!
The burning shadow
Graceling
Marketing of adventure travels  : Destination South-America
Abby Carnelia's one and only magical power
Adventure with dinosaurs
Mr. Men : adventure with pirates
Drive hard
Percy Jackson and the greek heroes : Percy Jackson's greek myths
A flood hits Moomin Valley and triggers a series of adventures for the Moomins.
A quest of heroes
Thumbelina
Gobbolino the witch's cat
Journey to the center of the earth
The mark of the dragonfly
The big biscuit bike off
Beetle and Bug and the grissel hunt
The quick brown fox cub
The fourth apprentice
Sir Charlie Stinky Socks and the really dreadful spell
One beastly beast : two aliens, three inventors, four fantastic tales
Octopus's garden
The prisoner of Zenda
Throughout the vast lands controlled by the Ironship Syndicate, nothing is more prized than the blood of drakes. Harvested from the veins of captive or hunted Reds, Green, Blues and Blacks, it can be distilled into elixirs that give fearsome powers to the rare men and women who have the ability harness them - known as the blood-blessed. But not many know the truth: that the lines of drakes are weakening. If they fail, war with the neighboring Corvantine Empire will follow swiftly. The Syndicate's last hope resides in whispers of the existence of another breed of drake, far more powerful than the rest, and the few who have been chosen by fate to seek it. Claydon Torcreek is a petty thief and an unregistered blood-blessed, who finds himself pressed into service by the protectorate and sent to wild, uncharted territories in search of a creature he believes is little more than legend. Lizanne Lethridge is a formidable spy and assassin, facing gravest danger on an espionage mission deep into the heart of enemy territory. And Corrick Hilemore is the second lieutenant of an ironship, whose pursuit of ruthless brigands leads him to a far greater threat at the edge of the world. As lives and empires clash and intertwine, as the unknown and the known collide, all three must fight to turn the tide of a coming war, or drown in its wake.
Cudweed in outer space
Adventure travel as experience seeking : a study of personality traits and the individual
The wall of storms
Olympic flame chase
The quest begins
Candide and Zadig
The hobbit
Take back the skies
Pawsome teamwork
The shopping expedition
Ella loves her kitten, Fluff, and worries about her going missing again. But Fluff is enchanted by being outside, especially when it starts snowing and she has the pretty snowflakes to play with. But suddenly a blizzard sets in and Fluff loses her way - will Ella ever be reunited with her kitten?
The Golem's eye
The magic faraway tree
The Grace of Kings, the first book in this epic series, tells the story of two men who become friends through rebelling against tyranny and then turn against each other in defense of irreconcilable ideals. Wily, charming Kuni Garu, a bandit, and stern, fearless Mata Zyndu, the son of a deposed duke, seem like polar opposites. Yet, in the uprising against the emperor, the two quickly become the best of friends after a series of adventures fighting against vast conscripted armies, silk-draped airships, soaring battle kites, underwater boats, magical books, shapeshifting gods, and scaled whales who seem to prophesy the future. Once the emperor has been overthrown, however, the two find themselves the leaders of two sides with very different ideas about how the world should be run and the meaning of justice
Gods and warriors
The house of Hades
Harold and the purple crayon
Toklo, Kallik, Lusa, and Yakone trek onward toward the Melting Sea, the site of Kallik's traumatic cubhood--and prepare to be separated for the first time since their journey began
Operation Red Jericho
The yucky yodelling yeti
Gryph : the feathered fiend
Captain Underpants and the preposterous plight of the purple potty people : the eighth epic novel
Rusty's train ride
The Atlantis plague
Path of stars
"An expedition of groundlings from the Empire of Kish have traveled through the Three Worlds to the Indigo Cloud court of the Raksura, shape-shifting creatures of flight that live in large family groups. The groundlings have found a sealed ancient city at the edge of the shallow seas, near the deeps of the impassable Ocean. They believe it to be the last home of their ancestors and ask for help getting inside. But the Raksura fear it was built by their own distant ancestors, the Forerunners, and the last sealed Forerunner city they encountered was a prison for an unstoppable evil.  Prior to the groundlings' arrival, the Indigo Cloud court had been plagued by visions of a disaster that could destroy all the courts in the Reaches. Now, the court's mentors believe the ancient city is connected to the foretold danger. A small group of warriors, including consort Moon, an orphan new to the colony and the Raksura's idea of family, and sister queen Jade, agree to go with the groundling expedition to investigate. But the predatory Fell have found the city too, and in the race to keep the danger contained, the Raksura may be the ones who inadvertently release it.  The Edge of Worlds, from celebrated fantasy author Martha Wells, returns to the fascinating world of The Cloud Roads for the first book in a new series of strange lands, uncanny beings, dead cities, and ancient danger. "--
The Godborn
Derrick Storm is back - this time with a crack team of ghost CIA operatives. These former agents have all faked their own deaths and now work for the CIA on a strictly secret basis, taking on dangerous and illegal jobs the agency may not officially carry out. They're headed to the Molguzar Mountains to look for sixty billion dollars' worth of gold hidden by the KGB before the collapse of the Soviet Union, and taking a perilous detour to rescue FBI agent April Showers from a sociopathic torturer.
Amy Snowycoat's daring dive
Odinn's child
The further adventures of the owl and the pussycat
With a single spell
Penguin's big adventure
The annotated chronicles
A boy called M.O.U.S.E
Sometimes the few must stand against the many.  From the dark, cold void came an unknown force. Their target a remote planet, the home for a group of people distancing themselves from mankind and pursuing a path of piety and peace. If they have any chance at survival a disparate group of pilots must come together to fight back any way they can. But the best these aces can do might not be good enough.
The wheel of Osheim
Robinson Crusoe
Quite by accident, September has been crowned as Queen of Fairyland - but she inherits a Kingdom in chaos. The magic of a Dodo's egg has brought every King, Queen, or Marquess of Fairyland back to life, each with a fair and good claim on the throne, each with their own schemes and plots and horrible, hilarious, hungry histories. In order to make sense of it all, and to save their friend from a job she doesn't want, A-Through-L and Saturday devise a Royal Race, a Monarckical Marathon, in which every outlandish would-be ruler of Fairyland will chase the Stoat of Arms across the whole of the nation - and the first to seize the poor beast will seize the crown. Caught up in the madness are the changelings Hawthorn and Tamburlaine, the combat wombat Blunderbuss, the gramophone Scratch, the Green Wind, and September's parents, who have crossed the universe to find their daughter.
Clockwork prince
Conceptualizing special interest tourism : frameworks for analysis
Growing older : tourism and leisure behaviour of older adults
Battle of the super heroes!
The screaming statue
Defiance. Book 1
Finding Nemo
The Point of Clicking : Roles of Cutscenes in Adventure Games
The sorcerer's widow
The last hope
Okko : the sand monster
In Talisman, you'll embark on a perilous quest for the ultimate treasure, the legendary Crown of command. You'll choose the warrior, priest, wizard, or one of eleven other heroes with powers both magical and mighty. But the path to the crown is treacherous. Legends say that only a fabled Talisman can safeguard you in the lands past the Portal of power. Yet, finding such an artifact is no small feat: monsters, traps, and evil magic wait to defeat you at every turn.
Percy Jackson and the olympians. Books I-III, Collecting The Lightning Thief, The Sea of Monsters, and The Titans' Curse
"A humorous allegory in the spirit of Animal Farm"-- Provided by publisher
The crown of embers
A year in Brambly Hedge : 4 stories throughout the seasons
Shadow and bone
Lost in the storm
Karixa : the diamond warrior
The mysterious misadventures of Clemency Wrigglesworth
Sir Charlie Stinky Socks and the really big adventure
Jim and the beanstalk
Once upon a twice
The call of the wild
Usborne illustrated classics for boys
The mortal tally
A lion in Paris
Forest of ruin
The Land of Do-As-You-Please : a Faraway Tree adventure
Errant journeys : adventure travel in a modern age
Island of shadows
Captain Underpants and the wrath of the wicked wedgie woman
Fire in the sky
Four orphans are shocked when their beloved friend, sculptor Siegfried Eckleberger, is murdered. As they investigate, they find clues that his death may be tied to the murder of a rich New York heiress as well as to their own past.
The runaway Santa : a Christmas adventure story
The lost army of Cambyses
The sisterhood of the Bene Gesserit plots to seize control of the galaxy-wide empire of their supernatural leader, while on Arrakis, the Maud'dib, the heir to an unimaginable power, confronts new challenges.
Teenagers exploring the world : their stories 10 to 18 years after : or what remains of an extended Outdoor Adventure Education sailing trip
Niche tourism : contemporary issues, trends and cases
Methods used  by the Kenya tourist board in marketing adventure tourism in Mount  Kenya region
Space Dog
