http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14062 osteopathy
osteopathy
The pocket manual of OMT : osteopathic manipulative treatment for physicians
An illustrated manual of osteopathic technique. Volume 1
Concerning osteopathy : a compilation of selection from articles published in the professional and lay press with original chapters
Handbook of osteopathic technique
Andrew Taylor Still : being a little journey to the home of the founder of osteopathy
This dvd is filmed intentionally for the student,its a visual educational tool which allows the student to use interactively whilst practising their techniques within the comfort of their own home without reading through lists of paper  It has been purchased from students, graduates, physiotherapists and doctors globally.
Dr. J. M. Littlejohn on principles of osteopathy
Venolymphatic drainage therapy : an osteopathic and manual therapy approach
Mechanical link : fundamental principles, theory, and practice following an osteopathic approach
Atlas of osteopathic techniques
An illustrated manual of osteopathic technique. Volume 2
Manipulation of the spine, thorax and pelvis : an osteopathic perspective
The roots and philosophy of dynamic manual interface : manual therapy to awaken the inner healer
Treating visceral dysfunction : an osteopathic approach to understanding and treating the abdominal organs
This textbook is an introduction to the principles of classical Osteopathy. The research and practical lessons return to the origins of osteopathic treatment to provide an understanding of the founding concepts. It is a guidebook to general treatment not only for students, but also for general readers who would like to learn more about osteopathic practice.
Bonesetters : a history of osteopathy in Britain
Contributions of thought : the collected writings of William Garner Sutherland, D.O. : pertaining to the art and science of osteopathy including the cranial concept of osteopathy covering the years 1914-1954
Osteopathy : the science of healing by adjustment
Muscle energy techniques : a practical guide for physical therapists
Clinical guide to positional release therapy
Osteopathy : an Autobiographical and Historical Account
Handbook of osteopathic technique. 1 & 2
An osteopathic approach to children
Classical osteopathy
Osteopathy for children
Pathogenesis of visceral disease following vertebral lesions : comp. from the records of the Sunny Slope Laboratory together with records of clinics and other laboratories of the A. T. Still Research Institute and the American Osteopathic Association
Selected writings of Carl Philip McConnell
Andrew Taylor Still lost confidence and hope in the medical therapies of his day after three of his children died of meningitis in 1864. He became obsessed with finding the cause and the cure for disease. Still developed a philosophy of osteopathy that was holistic, naturalistic, and emphasized health rather than disease. He shunned drugs, and used a manipulative therapy designed to release the healing powers of nature. After years of thought, study, and experimentation, Still opened the American School of Osteopathy in 1892 in Kirksville, Missouri, far removed from the medical centres of traditional medicine.Author Carol Trowbridge tells us about Still's family, the communities he lived in, and the events that shaped him. She helps us understand this eccentric medical pioneer who was never fully accepted by his peers, but whose holistic methods are now considered the cutting edge of medicine today. He leaves a legacy of patient-centred care that impacts providers and patients around the world.
Handbook of osteopathic technique. 5 & 6
The Littlejohn lectures : Volume 1
Osteopathy and Swedenborg : the influence of Emanuel Swedenborg on the genesis and development of osteopathy, specificallon Andrew Taylor Still and William Garner Sutherland
Osteopathy and obstetrics
A.T. Still : from the dry bone to the living man
The Osteopathic Technique of T.E Hall
Visceral osteopathy   : the peritoneal organs
Rethinking osteopathic practice. Book 2, Tissues & techniques
The feminine touch : women in osteopathic medicine
Outline of osteopathic manipulative procedures : the Kimberly manual
Wisdom in the body : the craniosacral approach to essential health
Bourdillon's spinal manipulation
Note on Dr J.M. Littlejohn's principles of osteopathy
Advanced osteopathic technique : PPT manipulation and synergetic bio-mechanics
The Osteopathic technique and philosophy of John Wernham  : a biography
Applied anatomy
Osteopathy : models for Diagnosis, Treatment and Practice
Cranial osteopathy for infants and children : a practical handbook
The soul of osteopathy : the place of mind in early osteopathic life science - includes reprints of Coues' biogen and Hoffman's esoteric osteopathy
At the core of Dr. A. T. Still's 19th century osteopathic philosophy is the understanding that the living being is an inseparable unit comprising body, mind, and spirit. Interface illuminates this feature of Still's philosophy and further clarifies his ideas using those of other great thinkers from ancient and modern times. The book then synthesizes current scientific understanding to explain the mechanisms by which body, mind, and spirit interconnect, forming a model for osteopathy's approach to healing.
The therapeutic pause in osteopathy and manual therapy : the somatosensory integration time
Osteopathic techniques  : from the TMJ to the hallux
Osteopathy in the cranial field
Cranial osteopathy : a practical textbook
Teachings in the science of osteopathy
Visceral manipulation in osteopathy
The stillness of life : the osteopathic philosophy of Rollin E. Becker, D.O
Finding the health : thoughts on osteopathic diagnosis and treatment
Somatic dysfunction in osteopathic family medicine
Pediatric manual medicine : an osteopathic approach
At the still point of the turning world : the art and philosophy of osteopathy
Your healer within : a unified field theory for healthcare
Tree of life : a history of the European School of Osteopathy - and much more- : the first 50 years
Dr. J. M.Littlejohn lectures on the pathology of the osteopathic lesion
Osteopathy and M.E
Ligamentous articular strain : osteopathic manipulative techniques for the body
Teaching osteopathic research : proceedings of the OsEAN open forum 2012
The contribution of John Martin Littlejohn to osteopathy
The old doctor
Childhood illness
Osteopathic medicine : philosophy, principles & practice
Manipulative therapy in rehabilitation of the locomotor system
Body mechanics in health and diseases
Osteopathic medicine : holonomic keys for treatment
Foundations of osteopathic medicine
The Journal of the American Osteopathic Association
Frontier doctor, medical pioneer : the life and times of A. T. Still and his family
Healing through cranial osteopathy
Dr. J. M.Littlejohn lesionlogy
Dr. J. M.Littlejohn lectures on applied anatomy
The Osteopath : the magazine for osteopaths
An osteopathic odyssey
Osteopathic mechanics : a text-book
Lectures on osteopathy. Volume 2
Functional emergency osteopathic techniques
Osteopathy for the over 50s : the maintenance of function and treatment of dysfunction
Rethinking osteopathic practice. Book 1, Motion & mechanics
The life and times of John Martin Littlejohn : a biography
Cranial osteopathic biomechanics, pathomechanics and diagnostics for practitioners
The classical osteopathic treatment of the infant and child : an introductory series of lectures and demonstrations
From manual evaluation to general diagnosis : assessing patient information before hands-on treatment
Osteopathy in Britain : the first hundred years
The statutory register of osteopaths
The mechanics of labor
An osteopathic approach to diagnosis and treatment
The osteopathic medicine advantage : how medical miracles are made
Autobiography of Andrew T. Still, with a history of the discovery and development of the science of osteopathy : together with an account of the founding of the American school of osteopathy, and lectures delivered before that institution from time to time during the progress of the discovery
"Thoroughly revised for its Third Edition, Foundations of Osteopathic Medicine is the most comprehensive, current osteopathic text. This American Osteopathic Association publication defines the terminology and techniques of the field and is the standard text for teaching the profession. It provides broad, multidisciplinary coverage of osteopathic considerations in the basic sciences, behavioral sciences, family practice and primary care, and the clinical specialties and demonstrates a wide variety of osteopathic manipulative methods. This edition features expanded coverage of international practice and includes a new chapter on the structure of the profession. Other new chapters include coding and billing and nutrition. This edition also has standard chapter formats for each section"--Provided by publisher.
The physiology of consciousness
American Academy of Osteopathy : 52 AAO yearbooks from 1938-1998
A review of spinal mechanics
Textbook of pediatric osteopathy
Osteopathic medicine : past and present
"This clinically oriented textbook provides a patient-focused approach to the diagnosis and treatment of somatic dysfunction--functional impairment of the musculoskeletal system and related neural and vascular elements--in the context of family medicine practice. The book explains the clinical rationale for osteopathic manipulative treatment in specific situations and details procedures for treating common problems encountered in family medicine. Coverage begins with the philosophy and principles of osteopathic patient care. Two major sections focus on various patient populations and patients with various clinical conditions. A special section covers practice issues such as office set-up, progress notes, coding, and the standardized medical record."
Anatomy of potency
Mechanics of the spine and pelvis
Intra-pelvic technic, or manipulative surgery of the pelvic organs
Lectures on osteopathy. Volume 1
An Osteopathic Approach to Children presents a comprehensive general overview of pediatric medicine from an osteopathic perspective. The book is divided into two main parts. The first part discusses the normal development, physiology and anatomy of the body systems from birth to adulthood. The second part explores the conditions and diseases of childhood and outlines the rationale for osteopathic treatment for each disorder. Also, it presents clinical problems from the perspective of the interrelatedness of structure and function. This unique approach will make it an invaluable source of reference for all those interested in using an osteopathic approach to the treatment of children in their care.
Osteopathy : notes on the technique and practice
Osteopathic medicine recall
Handbook of osteopathic technique. 3 & 4
Bioelectric fascial activation and release : the physician's guide to hunting with Dr. Still
Selected writings on the thorax
Nociception and the neuroendocrine-immune connection : proceedings of the 1992 American Academy of Ostheopathy International Symposium
The Still technique manual : applications of a rediscovered technique of Andrew Taylor Still, MD
Andrew Taylor Still, 1828-1917
Osteopathy in the cranial field : produced under the auspices of the Sutherland Cranial Teaching Foundation, teaching unit of the Cranial Academy
Osteopathy: its past, present and future : a memorial volume and tribute to Robin Kirk and his contribution to osteopathy
Visceral and obstetric osteopathy
Engaging the movement of life : exploring health and embodiment through osteopathy and continuum
Life in motion : the osteopathic vision of Rollin E. Becker, D.O
Cells of the blood
Easy OMT : a Photo Reference Guide for Manual Medical Care
John Wernham, D.O., Principal of the Maidstone College of Osteopathy, founder of the Maidstone Osteopathy Clinic, founder, member and president of the Institute of Classical Osteopathy, studied under John Martin Littlejohn, osteopathic pioneer and founder of the British and Chicago schools of osteopathy. Fifty years of clinical practice, research, lecturing, and writing have given him unique insight into the workings of the body. Gives an opportunity to observe one of the century's greatest teachers and to imbibe the philosophy of the art and science of osteopathy.
General osteopathic treatment: an introduction to the principles of classical osteopathic treatment
This highly praised atlas presents techniques commonly taught and used in osteopathic medical education and practice, serving as an authoritative reference for exam preparation and clinical rotations. Step-by-step instructions, richly illustrated with full-color figures, guide the learner through more than 350 manipulative methods --Provided by publisher.
Theory of osteopathy
Osteopathic functional technique
CranioSacral therapy : touchstone for natural healing
Osteopathic considerations in systemic dysfunction
Interface : mechanisms of spirit in osteopathy
Philosophy Of Osteopathy
The nerve centers
Dr. J. M.Littlejohn lectures on the fundamentals of osteopathic technique
The thorax
A Littlejohn companion
Manipulation of the spine, thorax, and pelvis : an osteopathic perspective
Fire on the prairie : the life and times of Andrew Taylor Still, founder of osteopathic medicine
Human embryology : from a biodynamic perspective
