http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14078 pea
pea Pisum sativum
Advances in legume systematics : proceedings of the International legume Conference, Kew, 24-29 July 1978, volume 2. Part 1
Calliandra, a versatile small tree for the humid tropics : report of an ad hoc panel of the Advisory Committee on Technology Innovation, Board on Science and Technology for International Development, Office of International Affairs, National Research Council, in cooperation with the Perhum Perhutani, Jakarta, Indonesia
The neutral lipids and lipid soluble bioactive compounds in faba beans, lentils, and lupins
Replacing grass silage with pea-barley intercrop silage in the feeding of the dairy cow
Legumes of northern Eurasia : a checklist
CRC handbook of world food legumes : nutritional chemistry, processing technology, and utilization. Vol. 2
Resistance of plants to the pea aphid Acyrthosiphon pisum Harris (Hom., Abhididae). I. Fecundity of the biotypes on different host plants
Taxonomy, distribution, and ecology of the genus Phaseolus (Leguminosae-Papilionoideae) in North America, Mexico and Central America
CRC handbook of world food legumes : nutritional chemistry, processing technology, and utilization. Vol. 1
Abstract in Finnish.
ICRISAT chickpea germplasm catalog: Passport information
Symbioottisen typensidonnan biotekniikka = Den symbiotiska kvävefixeringens bioteknik = Biotechnology of symbiotic nitrogen fixation
Production of field peas in Canada
ICRISAT chickpea germplasm catalog: Evaluation and analysis
The pigeonpea
Virallisten lajikekokeiden tulokset 2000-2007 = Results of official variety trials 2000-2007
Use of semi-leafless peas (Pisum sativum L) with enzyme addition in diets for broilers
World crops: cool season food legumes : proceedings of the international food legume research conference on pea, lentil, faba bean and chickpea held at the Sheraton Hotel, Spokane, Washington, USA; 6-11 July 1986
Protein and amino acid digestibility and metabolizable energy value of pea (Pisum sativum), faba bean (Vicia faba) and lupin (Lupinus angustifolius) seeds for turkeys of different ages
An ecological approach to management of the pea midge, Contarinia pisi (Winn.), in vining peas
Forage legumes for temperate grasslands
Nitrogen-fixing leguminous symbioses
Pests, diseases, and disorders of peas and beans : a color handbook
Nitrogen fixation. 2, Rhizobium
Cereals, pulses, legumes and vegetable proteins
Epidemiology and geophytopathology of selected seed-borne diseases
Pigeonpea and chickpea insect identification handbook
Molecular biomonitoring during rhizoremediation of oil-contaminated soil
The aim was to study the effects of dietary pea inclusion and the addition of Avizyme 1200 -enzyme cocktail on broiler performance, intestinal viscosity and organoleptic quality of meat. The experimental design was a 4 × 2 factorial, the factors being dietary pea inclusion (0, 150, 300 and 450 g kg-1) in the diets fed from day 9 to day 38 and the addition of Avizyme 1200 enzyme cocktail including amylase, protease and xylanase during the entire experiment. The growth of birds improved (p ≤ 0.018) with pea inclusion in a cubic manner. Feed conversion ratio (FCR) of the birds fed on unsupplemented diets improved along pea inclusion, while pea inclusion impaired the FCR on the birds on enzyme cocktail supplemented diets (p ≤ 0.006). The use of the enzyme cocktail improved the body weight, body weight gain and FCR of the broilers and decreased intestinal viscosity (p < 0.001). The organoleptic quality of meat was similar among treatments (p > 0.05). In conclusion, 450 g kg-1 peas can be used in the broiler grower diets without negative effects on the bird performance. The use of enzyme cocktail improves bird performance.
Chickpea breeding and management
Responses of Pisum sativum to soil arsenate, lead and zinc : a greenhouse study of mineral elements, phytase activity, ATP and chlorophylls
Digestion capacity, nutrient digestibilities and physico-chemical conditions in the intestine influenced by the age of growing turkeys
Virallisten lajikekokeiden tulokset 2002-2009 = Results of official variety trials 2002-2009
ICRISAT pigeonpea germplasm catalog: Passport information
The physiology of vegetable crops
Proceedings of the International workshop on pigeonpeas : ICRISAT Center, Patancheru India 15-19 December 1980. 2
Chickpea in the nineties : proceedings of the 2nd international workshop on chickpea improvement, 4 - 8 Dec 1989, ICRISAT Center, India
Virallisten lajikekokeiden tulokset 2004-2011 = Results of official variety trials 2004-2011
Nitrogen fixing organisms : pure and applied aspects
Proceedings of the International Workshop on Pigeonpeas : ICRISAT Center, Patancheru, India 15-19 December 1980. 1
Flora of the Guianas, series A: Phanerogams. Fascicle 7, 88. Caesalpiniaceae p.p.including wood and timber
Field guide to lentil diseases and insect pests
Important grassland plants of Kenya
The effects of soil properties on indigenous Rhizobium population nodulating peas
ICRISAT pigeonpea germplasm catalog: Evaluation and analysis
The herne's egg : manuscript materials
The protection of beans, peas and lentils, 1979 - April 1990 : citations from AGRICOLA concerning diseases and other environmental considerations
Effects of salinity on growth of Acacia mangium Willd. inoculated with root-nodule bacteria
Molecular factors and genetic differences defining symbiotic phenotypes of Galega spp. and Neorhizobium galegae strains
Resistance of plants to the pea, aphid Acyrthosiphon pisum harris (Hom., Aphididae). III. Fecundity on different pea varieties
Virallisten lajikekokeiden tulokset 2005-2012 = Results of official variety trials 2005-2012
Comparative studies on the amino acid pools of three Lathyrus species
Virallisten lajikekokeiden tulokset 1995-2002 = Results of offical variety trials 1995-2002
Resistance of pea to the pea weevil sitona lineatus (L.) (Col., Curculionidae)
The genus Utricularia : a taxonomic monograph
Tropical legumes : resources for the future : report of an Ad Hoc Panel
Postharvest biotechnology of food legumes
The future of sainfoin in British agriculture : papers presented at a meeting on the 12th Oct. 1982 at the Grassland Research Institute
Legume nodulation : a global perspective
How to grow beans, peas, asparagus, artichokes & other shoots : growing legumes and edible shoots, including celery, celeriac, globe artichokes and seakale, with more than 180 photographs
Weed flora and weed management of field peas in Finland
The pea crop
The study was conducted to evaluate an appropriate inclusion level of white-flowered semi-leafless green spring peas in diets for laying hens. Egg production and egg quality variables (specific weight, Haugh unit, shell strenght) were determined with 576 hens in a 52-week feeding experiment, which comprised of three feeding phases. The hens were offered one of the four cereal and soybean meal (SBM) based experimental diets. Peas were tested in proportions of 0, 100, 200 or 300 g kg-1 in the diet. Pea inclusion had no effects on production performance, feed consumption or feed conversion ratio (FCR) of the hens during the entire trial. The pea inclusion impaired FCR during the second feeding phase (p < 0.05) and increased birds' live weight in a linear manner during the second and the third feeding phases (p < 0.05). Pea inclusion had no effects on egg quality. It can be concluded that at least 300 g kg-1 of the studied peas can be used in the diets of laying hens without negative effects on production performance or egg quality.
Effects of dietary rapeseed meal and peas on the performance and meat quality of broilers
Use of semi-leafless peas (Pisum sativum L) in laying hen diets
Ecological studies of symbiotic nitrogen fixation in temperate forage legumes
Proceedings of the International Workshop on Ecological Aspects of Vegetable Fertilisation in Integrated Crop Production in the Field : Wellesbourne, Warwick, United Kingdom, 27-31 July, 1998
Advances in legume systematics : proceedings of the International Legume Conference, Kew, 24-29 July 1978. Part 2
Carbon and nitrogen dynamics in Erythrina poeppigiana (Leguminosae: Phaseoleae) trees managed by periodic prunings
Salad plants for your vegetable garden
Seed protein improvement in cereals and grain legumes : proceedings of an international symposium on seed protein improvement in cereals and grain legumes jointly organized by the International Atomic Energy Agency and the Food and Agriculture organization of the United Nations in co-operation with the Gesellschaft für Strahlen- und Umweltforschung mbH and held in Neuherberg, 4-8 Sept. 1978
Virallisten lajikekokeiden tulokset 2003-2010 = Results of official variety trials 2003-2010
Compendium of pea diseases
Saman taivaan alla : taidetta kaupungissa 1999-2000 = Under samma himmel = Under the same sky. 4, Hernesaari-Ärtholmen 1.6.-31.8.2000
Vegetable pigeonpea : a promising crop for India
Legume species that have breeding potential for NE Europe : concluding remarks on a Finnish-Russian scientific project "An introduction of plants belonging to the botanical family Fabaceae (Leguminosae) to the primeval forest zone of eastern Fennoscandia" (1998-2003)
Molecular biology of symbiotic interactions between Galega orientalis and Rhizobium galegae
Creamy and crunchy : an informal history of peanut butter, the all-American food
Phytochemical screening of secondary metabolites of goat's rue (Galega orientalis Lam.)
Home-grown grain legumes in poultry diets
Summary.
Pea growing handbook
Research on grain legumes in Eastern and Central Africa : summary proceedings of the Consultative group meeting for Eastern and Central African regional research on grain legumes, 8-10 December 1986, International Livestock Centre for Africa, Addis Ababa, Ethiopia
Lentil and faba bean in latin america : their importance limiting factors and research : special study report
Molecular markers of Galega orientalis : Rhizobium galegae symbiosis
Plenty : vibrant vegetable recipes from London's Ottolenghi
Adaptation of chickpea and pigeonpea to abiotic stresses : proceedings of the Consultants' workshop held at ICRISAT Center, India, 19-21 December 1984.
Breeding of a protein pea ideotype for Finnish conditions
Virallisten lajikekokeiden tulokset 2001-2008 = Results of official variety trials 2001-2008
The pea and the princess
Virallisten lajikekokeiden tulokset 1988-1995 = Results of official variety trials 1988-1995
Technical handbook on symbiotic nitrogen fixation : legume/rhizobium
Performance, meat quality and litter quality were determined in 4000 male and female Ross 308 broilers fed on starter diet (soybean meal or rapeseed meal and peas) and grower-finisher diets based on either soybean meal (control) or substituting rapeseed meal or rapeseed meal and pea in different proportions (100/0%, 75/25% or 50/50%) for soybean meal in iso-nitrogenous basis. Performance of the birds fed with soybean meal diets was superior compared to that of the birds fed with rapeseed meal and pea based diets. Bird performance was the poorest and mortality the highest for the birds fed with the rapeseed meal grower diet. In this experiment birds did not reach performance target for the age and strain of bird. Overall, diet based solely on rapeseed meal protein is not suitable for broiler production. However, dietary rapeseed meal inclusion clearly improved fatty acid profile of breast meat. The omega-6/omega-3-ratio was 4.1, 2.4 and 2.7 for soybean meal, rapeseed meal, and rapeseed meal and peas based diets, respectively. There were no differences in sensory quality evaluation of breast meat between the treatments..
Studies on the nitrogen metabolism of leguminous plants : attempts to increase nitrogen fixation and vegetative growth by prevention of flowering
Diseases and pests of peas and beans in New Zealand and their control
