http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14084 diversity
diversity
Union and distinction in Dionysius the Areopagite
Dead-wood-associated aphyllophoroid fungi : perspectives on the diversity, ecology and conservation biology of species and their habitats
English yew (Taxus baccata L.) is a strictly outcrossing and dioecious species whose populations are small and isolated. It is known that sex ratios may vary in natural populations due to local environmental conditions or stochastic events. However, unbalanced sex ratios may have negative impacts on genetic diversity through enhanced genetic drift and inbreeding. The present study represents one of the first attempts to compare the genetic variation at microsatellite loci within and between populations with different gender proportions. Our results indicated that there were no significant correlations between sex ratio and the extent of genetic variation in different populations. All populations exhibited high levels of genetic diversity. Additionally, the genetic structure was characterized separately in male and female individuals. Statistical analyses of the set estimators describing the genetic structure of male and female individuals of T. baccata revealed no significant differences between the two groups. Molecular analysis verified that microsatellite nuclear loci neutrality developed for T. baccata, as there were no significant differences in the genetic variation between males and females and no evidence for any outlier loci using coalescent and hierarchical Bayesian simulations. The results demonstrate that ignoring biased sex ratios in T. baccata populations had no effect on the assessment of genetic differentiation and genetic diversity within and between populations of this species. These results are discussed with regards to the practical application of molecular markers in conservation programs..
Assessing biodiversity status and sustainability
Effects of soil metal contamination on genetic diversity of the earthworm Dendrobaena octaedra (Savigny) in three metal contaminated areas in Finland
Wonders of life
Proceedings of the IInd International Symposium on Plant Cryopreservation : Fort Collins, Colorado, USA, August 11-14, 2013
Commercial cultivars and farmers' access to crop diversity: a case study from the Nordic region
Cultural diversity programmes : challenges and solutions in Scandinavia
Conservation genetics of endemic Indirana frogs of the Western Ghats biodiversity hotspot
Conserving plant genetic diversity in protected areas : population management of crop wild relatives
Arthropod diversity at Archipelago Sea in south-western Finland = Niveljalkaisten monimuotoisuus Saaristomerellä Lounais-Suomessa
The strategy of intertextuality in J. M. Coetzee's In the heart of the country, Foe and Disgrace
Introduction
Undoing the damage : silviculture for ecologists and environmental scientists
Disturbance effects on plant and mycorrhizal communities in sandy grasslands
Species richness and structure variations of Scots pine forest communities during the period from 5 to 210 years after fire
Potential yield, return, and tree diversity of managed, uneven-aged Douglas-fir stands
Plant invasions in boreal agricultural habitats : the effect of environmental conditions, species traits and the impact on native diversity
Biodiversity and poverty : ten frequently asked questions - ten policy implications
Business-men and European Women : constructions of workplace diversity in a multinational technology company
Population genetic structure and phylogeography of invasive aquatic weed, Elodea canadensis (Hydrocharitaceae) and comparative analyses with E. nuttallii
Biodiversity indicators for policy-makers
Loss of biodiversity and its social cost in an agricultural landscape
Thinking about the value of biodiversity
Secret chambers : the inside story of cells and complex life
Expanding horizons of forest ecosystem management : proceedings of Third Habitat Futures Workshop, Vernon, British Columbia, October 1992
Conserving biodiversity outside protected areas : the role of traditional agro-ecosystems
Global action for biodiversity : an international framework for implementing the Convention on Biological Diversity
Sixth International Flora Malesiana Symposium 2004 : programme & abstracts
Woodland key habitats : a key to effective conservation of forest biodiversity?
Ecosystem valuation as an approach to valuing biological diversity
Variation in flowering abundance and its impact on the genetic diversity of the seed crop in a Norway spruce seed orchard
Cross-cultural network management : case study in connecting young Barents - network
"An in-depth look at agroecology, an alternative to the world's current food crisis" --
The beetles of the Galâapagos Islands, Ecuador : evolution, ecology, and diversity (Insecta: Coleoptera)
Biodiversity and the Power of Metaphor in Environmental Discourse
Forestry and biodiversity : 12-18 August
The colours of the rainbow
Proceedings of the International Workshop on Biodiversity Monitoring in Federal Protected Areas : defining the methodology : Pirenópolis, Goiás, Brazil, June 22-25, 1997 = Workshop internacional sobre monitoramento da biodiversidade em unidades de conservação federais : definindo a metodologia
Endless forms most beautiful : the new science of evo devo and the making of the animal kingdom
Global genetic resources: access, ownership, and intellectual property rights : invited papers presented at a symposium held May 19-22, 1996, at the Beltsville Agricultural Research Center, Beltsville, Maryland
Spatial analysis of forest landscape pattern
Forestry environment guide
Encyclopedia of biodiversity
Canopy stratification in peatland forests in Finland
Conserving biodiversity : a research agenda for development agencies
Names, ethnicity and populations : tracing identity in space
Impacts of anthropogenic factors on fish community structure in Lebialem-Mone Forest Landscape of Cameroon
Animal evolution : interrelationships of the living phyla
Fragmentation-related patterns of genetic differentiation in pedunculate oak (Quercus robur) at two hierarchical scales
Assessment, description and forecast of forest diversity
Poverty, biodiversity and local organisations : lessons from BirdLife International
Conservation of living nature and resources: problems, trends, and prospects
On diversity effects of alternative agricultural policy reforms in Finland : an agricultural sector modelling approach
Geographic variation in the warning signals of the wood tiger moth (Parasemia plantaginis; Arctiidae)
Resident peoples and national parks : social dilemmas and strategies in international conservation
Biodiversity assessment : a guide to good practice : field manual
Biodiversity and industry
Fundamentals of conservation biology
Essays on human resource management perspectives on diversity management
Debunking the notion that our current food crisis must be addressed through industrial agriculture and genetic modification, author and activist Vandana Shiva argues that those forces are in fact the ones responsible for the hunger problem in the first place. Who Really Feeds the World? is a powerful manifesto calling for agricultural justice and genuine sustainability, drawing upon Shiva's thirty years of research and accomplishments in the field. She proposes that instead of relying on genetic modification and large-scale monocropping to solve the world's food crisis, we should look to agroecology —the knowledge of the interconnectedness that creates food— as a truly life-giving alternative to the industrial paradigm. Shiva succinctly and eloquently lays out the networks of people and processes that feed the world, exploring issues of diversity, the needs of small famers, the importance of seed saving, the movement toward localization, and the role of women in producing the world's food.
Botanical diversity and areal borderlines : proceedings of the 21st excursion-conference of Baltic botanists, Aukstadvaris. Lithuania, June 27-July 2, 1994.
A world you do not know : settler societies, indigenous peoples and the attack on cultural diversity
Principles of ecology in plant production
The parts of life : agricultural biodiversity, indigenous knowledge, and the role of the third system
Hymenoptera and biodiversity
Forest diversity and management
The ecosystem approach : complexity, uncertainty, and managing for sustainability
Genetic diversity and phenotypic variability of phytoplankton populations in the Baltic Sea
Understanding biodiversity : a research agenda prepared by the European Working Group on Research and Biodiversity (EWGRB)
The biodiversity regime - a means for the global economy : a study on international institutionalization of a techno-economic discourse of biodiversity
Biodiversity : the key role of plants
Financial Integration of European Frontier Emerging Markets
"A collection of essays on ethnic and cultural diversity in the Korean peninsula, focusing on South Korea, including monoethnic, nationalist ideology and multiculturalism as ideology and practice, the history of migration and diaspora, transnational adoption, and interracial and interethnic relations" --Provided by publisher.
Understanding and managing diversity : readings, cases, and exercises
The Finnish agricultural environments
Evolution and the diversity of life : selected essays
At the intersection of theatre and social work in Orissa, India
Proceedings of the 1st International Symposium on Cryopreservation in Horticultural Species : Leuven, Belgium, April 5-8, 2009
Nature of natural history
The book of barely imagined beings
Woodlands : structure, species diversity, and sustainable management
Impact of fire on Finnish forests in the past and today
State of Finland's Forest 2011 : based on the criteria and indicators of sustainable forest management
Biodiversity
The influence of taxonomic diversity on the resistance to and recovery from hypoxia in a hard-bottom community
Green tree retention
Forest policy, continuous tree cover forest and uneven-aged forest management in Sweden's boreal forest
Forest structure indicators based on tree size inequality and their relationships to airborne laser scanning
Exploring agrodiversity
Managing human resources
Diversity of forests as a global goal
Biodiversity, science and development : towards a new partnership
Religious diversity and education : Nordic perspectives
Research approach on evaluation of biodiversity and other non-timber products in Slovakia
Dialogue in a management team : empowerment, participation and diversity
Selection and genetic diversity in the major histocompatibility complex genes of wolves and dogs
Retention forestry and intensified biomass harvest : epiphytic lichen assemblages under opposing ecological effects in pine-dominated boreal forests
New uses for new phylogenies
Tropical forest community ecology
State of Finlands forests 2007 : based on the criteria and indicators of sustainable forest management
Tasks of forest biodiversity management and monitoring deriving from international agreements
Biodiversity and genetic patterns in marine invertebrates
Biological diversity of fr Yugoslavia : assessments, threats and policies
Getting ready! : a study of national governance structures for REDD+
African forest biodiversity : a field survey manual for vertebrates
The role of factors promoting genetic diversity within social insect colonies
Ecology of hierarchical landscapes : from theory to application
Composition of seed banks of roadsides, stream verges and agricultural fields in southern Norway
Indigenous identity and resistance : researching the diversity of knowledge
Adaptation to climate change in the administrative sector of the Ministry of the Environment : action plan update for 2011-2012
Estimation and use of biodiversity in forest management planning
Social complexity in prehistoric Eurasia : monuments, metals, and mobility
Mycorrhizas - functional processes and ecological impact
Writing about everyday beauty in a northern village : an argument for diversity of habitable places
Leadership strategies for a multicultural work environment in hotels in Helsinki
Ihmistoiminnan vaikutus Cross River –joen Lebialem-Mone Forest Landscape of Cameroon –alueen kalayhteisön rakenteeseen.
Populations at species' range margins are expected to show lower genetic diversity than populations at the core of the range. Yet, long-lived, widespread tree species are expected to be resistant to genetic impoverishment, thus showing comparatively high genetic diversity within populations and low differentiation among populations. Here, we study the distribution of genetic variation in the pedunculate oak (Quercus robur L.) at its range margin in Finland at two hierarchical scales using 15 microsatellite loci. At a regional scale, we compared variation within versus among three oak populations. At a landscape scale, we examined genetic structuring within one of these populations, growing on an island of ca 5 km2. As expected, we found the majority of genetic variation in Q. robur to occur within populations. Nonetheless, differentiation among populations was markedly high (FST = 0.12) compared with values reported for populations of Q. robur closer to the core of its range. At the landscape level, some spatial and temporal sub-structuring was observed, likely explained by the history of land-use on the island. Overall, Q. robur fulfils the expectation of the central-marginal hypothesis of high differentiation among marginal populations, but the notable population differentiation has most likely been influenced also by the long, ongoing fragmentation of populations. Finnish oak populations may still be adjusting to the drastic habitat changes of the past centuries. Preservation of genetic variation within the remaining stands is thus an important factor in the conservation of Q. robur at its range margin..
Wet biotopes in the agricultural landscape of Mustiala
Economic impacts on the forest sector of increasing forest biodiversity conservation in Finland
The liberal archipelago : a theory of diversity and freedom
Beaver in the drainage basin: an ecosystem engineer restores wetlands in the boreal landscape
Participatory mapping and geographical patterns of the social landscape values of rural communities in Zanzibar, Tanzania
Changing forms and cultural identity : religious and secular iconographies. Vol. 1
Representative types of nature in the Nordic countries
The value of biodiversity in reserve selection: representation, species weighting, and benefit functions
Species diversity, biomass accumulation and carbon sequestration in the understorey of post-agricultural Scots pine forests
Diversity and conservation needs of crop wild relatives in Finland
Management of boreal forest landscape for plant species richness and timber revenues
Evaluation of the protected area network in the Barents Region : using the Programme of work protected areas of the Convention on Biological Diversity as a tool
Madeira, a pérola da biodiversidade : Valorização dos habitats naturais e dos endemismos do arquipélago = Madeira, the biodiversity pearl : valuing the native habitats and endemic life forms
New research on forest ecosystems
Space in danish sign language : the semantics and morphosyntax of the use of space in a visual language
Homogenous genetic structure in populations of Taxus baccata with varied proportions of male and female individuals
Biogeography, landscapes, ecosystems and species of Zaonezhye Peninsula, in Lake Onega, Russian Karelia
Impact of regeneration method on stand structure prior to first thinning
Who really feeds the world? : the failures of agribusiness and the promise of agroecology
Biodiversity in managed forests : concepts and solutions, Sweden 1997
BioInvasions Records : International Journal of Applied Research on Biological Invasions
Spatial variation of benthic macroinvertebrate biodiversity in boreal streams : biogeographic context and conservation implications
Diversities and interculturality in textbooks : Finland as an example
Summary.
Invisible guardians : women manage livestock diversity
Opportunities and challenges of workplace diversity : theory, cases, and exercises
Stop bugging me! : diversity in appearance of warning coloration
Conservation enterprise : what works, where and for whom?
State of Finland's forests 2007 : based on the criteria and indicators of sustainable forest management
Genetic diversity of geographically isolated Iranian populations of Betula pendula Roth: implications for conservation
The dynamics of managing diversity : a critical approach
Botany and horticulture of the genus freesia (Iridaceae)
Human rights and global diversity
Crop wild relative conservation and use
Beetle diversity of Laos. Part I
Future nature : a vision for conservation
This paper explores the idea of environmental knowledge by focusing on the social construction of agricultural biodiversity. The fieldwork was conducted in 2003-2004 in Ghana. The research methodology consisted of interviewing and focus group discussions. The respondents varied from researchers and government officials to members of women's farming groups who cultivate rice. This paper argues that by understanding how agricultural biodiversity is constructed it is possible to highlight different ways of understanding the environment by different actors. The paper begins with an overview of the emergence of agricultural biodiversity as a global environmental issue. With this background in mind, this paper examines the different ways of construction and conservation of Oryza glaberrima, the indigenous rice variety of Ghana. Three different discursive positions, ranging from scientific to local knowledge, are identified. The Agric, Diversity and Local discourse frame and categorise rice and other crop varieties in a different manner. The categories identified reflect the visible characteristics of the varieties and their social meanings, related to their use or function in the wider social context. These different categories are corresponding and conflicting, as well as inclusive and exclusive, and have become institutionalised into social rules, norms and practices, which further establish the efforts to conserve O. glaberrima.
Operational standards and guidelines for biodiversity management in tropical and subtropical forest plantations : how widely do they cover an ecological framework?
Conserving the world's biological diversity
Emulation of natural disturbances and the maintenance of biodiversity in managed boreal forests : the effects of prescribed fire and retention forestry on insect assemblages
Intraspecific genetic diversity : monitoring, conservation, and management
Balancing the scales : guidelines for increasing biodiversity's chances through bioregional management
Finland's National Forest Programme 2010 : follow-up report 2005-2006
Diversity patterns in marine and freshwater environments : the role of environmental and spatial factors across multiple scales
The role of zooplankton in littoral communities : diversity and food web interactions in the Baltic Sea
Cultural Diversity Programmes : Challenges and Solutions in Scandinavia
The use of communication accommodation strategies in a work group : a case study of four meetings
Ecological impacts of invasive signal crayfish in large boreal lakes
Insects : a world of diversity
Agricultural diversification is one way of meeting the future challenges associated with climate change and population growth, making farmers' access to a diversity of high-yielding, good quality cultivars critical. In this paper we provide an overview of the seed system in the Nordic region from the 1950 to the present. The emphasis  is on breeding businesses and their production of cultivars. Key primary sources have been the national variety lists, other written sources on plant breeding, and a survey. We document how enterprises have merged and how this consolidation process has affected the production of new cultivars and led to an emphasis on major crops, resulting in the abandonment of breeding activities for several other crops. The results are discussed in relation to structures and in the broader context of agrobiodiversity issues in peripheral regions of the world.
Biodiversity : exploring values and priorities in conservation
The relationship between genetic diversity of an annelid worm, Pygospio elegans, and local invertebrate species diversity
The Economics of Cultural Diversity
Biodiversity : an introduction
Differences in leaf morphology between Quercus petraea and Q. robur adult and young individuals
A legal method and tools for evaluating the effectiveness of regulation : safeguarding forest biodiversity in Finland
Strategic planning - production possibilities of broadleaves
Campbell biology : concepts & connections
Evolution's wedge : competition and the origins of diversity
Ecological impacts of in-stream restoration in salmonid rivers : the role of enhanced structural complexity
Multiethnic Korea? : multiculturalism, migration, and peoplehood diversity in contemporary South Korea
Ecological networks in an agricultural world
Environmental monitoring in Finland 2009-2012
Biodiversity : a beginner's guide
From genotype to phenotype : diversity and population structure of Flavobacterium psychrophilum
North European platyphyllous forests: biodiversity dynamics and climate changes in Northwest European Russia
Variation in grazing tolerance and restoration of meadow plant communities
Biodiversity and terrestrial ecosystems : proceedings of the International Symposium on Biodiversity and Terrestrial Ecosystems, April 17-20, 1994, Taipei
Restoration of degraded land : concepts and strategies
Landscape modelling : geographical space, transformation and future scenarios
Plant biodiversity in boreal wood-pastures : impacts of grazing and abandonment
Conservation biology
Forest act habitats : Finnish woodland key habitats amid the intensive forestry
Space reader : heterogeneous space in architecture
The voice for diversity? : the Advisory Board for Ethnic Relations - representing ethnic diversity in Finnish politics
Can markets protect biodiversity? : an evaluation of different financial mechanisms
Amazonian geographies: : emerging identities and landscapes
The Council of Europe declaration on cultural diversity = Déclaration du Conceil de l'Europe sur la diversité culturelle
The influence of disturbance on lepidopteran larvae and their seasonality on a constant resource : implications for conservation
Plants and people : choices and diversity through time
Indigenous peoples' food systems : the many dimensions of culture, diversity and environment for nutrition and health
Genetic diversity and structure of the endangered Betula pendula subsp. fontqueri populations in the south of Spain
Marine biodiversity : patterns and processes
Dung beetle communities in degraded rainforest landscapes in Madagascar
Biodiversity policies in commercial boreal forests : optimal design of subsidy and tax combinations
Estonia : second national report to the convention on biological diversity
Intraspecific variation in phenotypic plasticity
What is behind Finnish forest fights?
"The contemporary relevance of Diversity, Ethnicity, Migration and Work is evident in debates on migration, racism and the global market in healthcare workers. This book is about work and workers in the health care sector across three continents and in particular the UK, the USA and Nigeria. The book engages with the politics of health care and offers important insights into inequalities in employment and health care. It is informed by current thinking on migration, ethnicity and work, including critical engagement with the literature on diasporas, social networks, social processes, anti-racism and diversity management. The authors provide an historical and global perspective before engaging deeply with the working experience of highly qualified international migrants and low paid migrant and minority workers. They provide unique comparative and intersectional insights into the experience of migrant doctors compared to UK and US qualified doctors and deepen this understanding by an exploration of women doctors' experiences. The story of frontline low paid migrant and black and minority ethnic workers is told drawing on social processes and the means of challenging inequalities through trade unions and social networks. The book concludes with a critical and comparative appraisal of diversity management strategies."
Statistical opportunities for comparing stand structural heterogeneity in managed and primeval forests: an example from boreal spruce forest in southern Finland
Plant communities of field boundaries in Finnish farmland
Perspectives on variation in species richness : area, energy and habitat heterogeneity
Genetic structure of the brown bears (Ursus arctos) in Northern Europe
Systematics Agenda 2000 : the challenge for Europe : proceedings of a workshop organised by The Europen Science Foundation Systematic Biology Network ... [et al.]
Teachers responding to religious diversity in Europe : researching biography and pedagogy
Forest owners' acceptance of incentive based policy instruments in forest biodiversity conservation : a choice experiment based approach
Worlds within a congregation : dealing with theological diversity
Joint report on biological diversity [of] Benin, Bhutan, Costa Rica [and] the Netherlands : Conference of the Parties to the Convention on Biological Diversity, Bratislava, Slowakia 1998.
Understanding biodiversity
Mainstreaming biodiversity in agricultural development : toward good practice : global overlays program
Forest insects and environmental variation in stand edges
Can multiple use of forests safeguard insect diversity?
Biodiversity and ecosystem function
Diversity of insect faunas
Interactions and patterns between species diversity and genetic diversity
People attach commonly approved social values subjectively to landscape. These values vary spatially and can be studied in geographical context. In sustainable management of cultural landscapes, social values should be taken into account as professionally as the analysis of physical landscape features. This case study applies participatory and GIS techniques in the mapping and geographical analysis of social landscape values in a multifunctional cultural landscape in Zanzibar island, Tanzania. Social landscape data were collected with single-informant interviews using participatory GIS (PGIS) techniques. Four different social landscape values (subsistence, traditional, aesthetic and leisure) were mapped on an orthophotoimage individually by 149 informants. Data were spatially and statistically analysed to construct understanding of the community level patterns of the social landscape values. Results show geographical differences between individually and collectively held values in their distribution and clustering across the landscape. These patterns reflect local culture and its interpretation of different social landscape values. Results address the importance of local stakeholder participation when spatial planning and management of multifunctional cultural landscapes are realized. The paper discusses these management implication and methodological challenges of using participatory GIS techniques in studying cultural landscapes.
Guided transect sampling for assessing sparse populations
Species diversity, forest structure and species composition in Tanzanian tropical forests
Discussion and conclusions from the workshop
The effects of long-term habitat fragmentations on genetic and population differentiation of Betula pendula Roth were investigated using chloroplast DNA (cpDNA) variations. Leaf samples were collected from four small remnant populations across the north of Iran. Three pairs of universal primers were used to amplify cpDNA, large single copy regions of trnC-trnD, trnK1-trnK2 and trnD-trnT. A total of 18 of the cpDNA haplotypes in the four populations were identified, however, no clear phylogeographic structuring of haplotypes could be detected. The total genetic diversity (HT) for all populations was high (0.932). Average intra-population genetic diversity was estimated as HS = 0.729 and average differentiation of populations GST = 0.218. Mantel tests of isolation by distance revealed a significant relationship between Wright's inbreeding coefficient (Fst) and geographical distances for the four populations in Iran (r = 0.77, p < 0.05). The results of the hierarchical analysis of molecular variance (AMOVA) indicated that a 66% variation was partitioned within populations, whilst the variance amongst the four populations was only 34%. We suggest that significant genetic differentiation amongst populations can likely be attributed to reduced gene flow as a result of habitat fragmentation..
Optimization of the current breeding scheme for blue fox
20 years of biodiversity conservation : institutional partnership between Metsähallitus of Finland and Forestry Department of Hunan Province, People's Republic of China
[Abstract].
Genetic diversity and its extended effects : fragmented pedunculate oak (Quercus robur) populations in south-western Finland
Genetic diversity in the wild : cyclic population dynamics and population isolation
Transition towards diversification of cocoa agroforestry systems in upper Peruvian Amazonia
A comparison of different sampling methods of quantitative vegetation analysis
Diversity, ethnicity, migration, and work : international perspectives
Biodiversity and the law
New crops
Functional biodiversity in soils : development and applicability of an enzyme activity pattern measurement method
Water, cultural diversity, and global environmental change : emerging trends, sustainable futures?
Insects in wood-decaying fungi: ecology, diversity and response to forest management
Many forms of the wood tiger moth (Parasemia plantaginis) : selective heterogeneity favours polymorphic warning signals
Wing variation of Maculinea arion (Linnaeus) in Finland (Lepidoptera, Lycaenidae)
Forest monitoring : methods for terrestrial investigations in Europe with an overview of North America and Asia
Biodiversity in the Fennoscandian boreal forests : natural variation and its management
Networks of invasion : a synthesis of concepts
Biodiversity in the Fennoscandian boreal forests: natural variation and its management : preface
Food security during climate change : the challenge of European diversity
Biodiversity value of potential forest fertilisation stands, as assessed by red-listed and "signal" bryophytes and lichens
Global warming, forest biodiversity and conservation strategies in boreal landscapes
Negotiating diversity : culture, deliberation, trust
The growth of biological thought : diversity, evolution, and inheritance
Biodiversity of Canadian forests at the gene and species levels: current status, conservation and research
Lessons on profiting from diversity
Biodiversity and conservation
Exploring environmental knowledge: the construction and conservation of agricultural biodiversity in Ghana
Adaptive dynamics of resource specialization
Novel ecosystems : intervening in the new ecological world order
Conflict and diversity
