http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14040 abbreviations
abbreviations
Environmental properties of chemicals. Volume 1
International encyclopedia of abbrevations and acronyms in science and technology : yearbook 2003.. Part 1, A- Z
The new Penguin dictionary of abbreviations : from A to zz
A dictionary of IT service management : terms, acronyms and abbreviations : version 2
Acronyms in automatic data processing
The Tourism Society's dictionary for the tourism industry
Periodical title abbreviations : covering: periodical title abbreviations in science, the social sciences, the humanities, law, medicine, religion, library science, engineering, education, business, art, and many other fields. Vol. 1, By abbreviation
International encyclopedia of abbreviations and acronyms of organizations = International Enzyklopädie der Abkürzungen und Akronyme von Organisationen. Vol. 8, Organizations and institutions : Comme-Insti
Mosby's survival guide to medical abbreviations & acronyms, prefixes & suffixes, symbols, greek alphabet
'Cheers, mate. TTYL!' - 'Pardon??' : Finnish upper secondary school students' familiarity with colloquial English
Bibliography and abbreviations
Finnish summary.
Nursing & health survival guide : medical abbreviations & normal ranges
Dictionary of abbreviations
A dictionary of the Internet
Periodical title abbreviations. 1, By abbreviation
Anglo-russkij slovar' naibolee upotrebitel'nyh sokraŝenij : okolo 10000 edinic = English-Russian dictionary of most commonly used abbreviations
International encyclopedia of abbreviations and acronyms of organizations = Internationale Enzyklopädie der Abkürzungen und Akronyme von Organisationen. Vol. 2, Cas - Ez
Index to legal citations and abbreviations
An English-Chinese abbreviations & acronyms dictionary of engineering and technology
A dictionary of abbreviations : by Eric Partridge
International encyclopedia of abbreviations and acronyms of organizations = Internationale Enzyklopädie der Abkürzungen und Akronyme von Organisationen. Vol. 1, A - Car
Communication networks and systems in substations. Part 2, Glossary
Abbreviations and acronyms encountered in logistics operations
A dictionary of acronyms & abbreviations : some abbreviations in management, technology and information science
International encyclopedia of abbreviations and acronyms of organizations = International Enzyklopädie der Abkürzungen und Akronyme von Organisationen. Vol. 9, Organizations and institutions : Instr-O
Periodical title abbreviations. Vol. 2, By title
International acronyms, initialisms & abbreviations dictionary : a guide to over 210,000 international acronyms, initialisms, abbreviations, alphabetic symbols, contractions, and similar condensed appellations in all fields : covering: associations, business and trade, communication, correspondence, education, foreign and international affairs, government, health and safety, Internet, labor, legal, military affairs, nuclear industry, politics, religion, science, trade, transportation, and other fields. Vol. 1
Eurojargon : a dictionary of EC acronyms, abbreviations and sobriquets
Eurojargon : a dictionary of European Union acronyms, abbreviations and sobriquets
International acronyms, initialisms & abbreviations dictionary : a guide to over 169,000 international acronyms, initialisms, abbreviations, alphabetic symbols, contractions, and similar condensed appellations in all fields : covering: associations, business and trade, communication, correspondence, education, foreign and international affairs, government, Internet, labor, military affairs, politics, religion, science, transportation, and other fields. Vol. 1
Eurojargon : a dictionary of European Union acronyms, abbreviations and terminology
Documentation : international code for the abbreviation of titles of periodicals
Dictionary of travel, tourism and hospitality terms
Abbreviations dictionary
World guide to abbreviations of organizations
International encyclopedia of abbreviations and acronyms of organizations = International Enzyklopädie der Abkürzungen und Akronyme von Organisationen. Vol. 10, Organizations and institutions : P-Z
NTC's dictionary of acronyms and abbreviations
The Penguin dictionary of abbreviations
Dictionary of acronyms for European Community action plans and programmes : with decoded details plus indexes = Dictionnaire des sigles relatifs aux programmes et plans d'action communautaires : avec décodage et indexage
The Wordsworth dictionary of abbreviations and acronyms
Répertoire des appellations des juges, des tribunaux et des périodiques juridigues : en usage dans les régimes de common law : anglais-français = Titles and designations of judges, courts and law journals : in common law jurisdictions : English-French
World list of abbreviations
EC from A to Z : abbreviations and words in the Single Market
Dictionary of Russian abbreviations : containing about 40 000 abbreviations
Elsevierś dictionary of cybernyms : abbreviations and acronyms used in telecommunications, electronics and computer science in English, French, Spanish, and German with some Italian, Portuguese, Swedish, Danish and Finnish
The air pilot's glossary & reference guide
Periodical title abbreviations. Vol.2, By title
Anglo-russkij slovar' sokraŝenij po telekommunikaciâm : okolo 5500 sokraŝenij = English-Russian dictionary of abbreviations in telecommunications : about 5500 abbreviations
Dictionary of acronyms for European Community programmes and action plans : with decoded details plus indexes
Acronyms dictionary
Standard country or area codes for statistical use
Comprehensive glossary of telecom abbreviations and acronyms
Dictionary of bibliographic abbreviations found in the scholarship of classical studies and related disciplines
Liste d'abréviations de mots des titres : titres de publications en série et autres ressources en continu / la liste est conforme à ISO 4 = List of title word abbreviations : titles of serials and other continuing resources / the list is compliant with ISO 4.
New international acronyms, initialisms & abbreviations
The occurrence and presentation of abbreviations (acronyms, initialisms, clippings and blends) in the articles of Time
Abbrevs.  (A dictionary of abbreviations)
Acronyms, initialisms & abbreviations dictionary : a guide to acronyms, abbreviations, contractions, alphabetic symbols, and similar condensed appellations. Vol. 2, Supplement
Units, symbols, and abbreviations : a guide for biological and medical editors and authors
Acronyms, initialisms & abbreviations dictionary : a guide to acronyms, abbreviations, contractions, alphabetic symbols, and similar condensed appellations. Vol. 1
Periodical title abbreviations. 2, By title
Dictionary of legal abbreviations used in American law books
The Blackwell handbook of education
Units, symbols and abbreviations : a guide for biological and medical editors and authors
International encyclopedia of abbreviations and acronyms of organizations = International Enzyklopädie der Abkürzungen und Akronyme von Organisationen. Vol. 7, Organizations and institutions : A-Comma
Medical abbreviations & eponyms
List of acronyms in environmental sciences
International encyclopedia of abbreviations and acronyms of organizations = International Enzyklopädie der Abkürzungen und Akronyme von Organisationen. Vol. 5, Noc-Sh
Compressed Russian : Russian-English dictionary of acronyms, semiacronyms and other abbreviations used in contemporary standard Russian, with their pronunciation and explicit correlates in Russian, and equivalents in English = Russkie abbreviatury : russko-anglijskij slovar' akronimov, poluakronimov i drugih sokraŝenij sovremennogo russkogo âzyka
Polish abbreviations : a selective list
United Nations document series symbols : 1946-1996
Dictionary of military terms
Acronyms and abbreviations in library and information work
Pugh's dictionary of acronyms and abbreviations : abbreviations in management, technology and information science
Cassell's dictionary of abbreviations
International encyclopedia of abbrevations and acronyms in science and technology : yearbook 2003.. Part 2, A- Z
International encyclopedia of abbreviations and acronyms of organizations = Internationale Enzyklopädie der Abkürzungen und Akronyme von Organisationen. Vol. 6, Si - Z
Kemianteollisuuden lyhenteiden luettelo 1986 = List of abbroviations used in the chemical industry
Units, symbols, and abbreviations : a guide for medical and scientific editors and authors
New international dictionary of acronyms in library and information science and related fields
The elements of abbreviation in medieval Latin paleography
Titles and forms of address : a guide to their correct use
The cyclopedic education dictionary
Dictionary of educational acronyms, abbreviations, and initialisms
English thesaurus : the ultimate word power companion
Glossary of Russian abbreviations and acronyms
Information technology encyclopedia and acronyms
Educator's resource guide to special education : terms - laws - tests - organizations
Liste d'abréviations de mots des titres de publications en série (conforme à ISO 4) = List of serial title word abbreviations (in accordance with ISO 4)
Dictionary of electrical, electronics and computer abbreviations
Kemianteollisuuden lyhenteiden luettelo 1996 = List of abbreviations used in the chemical industry
World list of abbreviations of scientific, technological and commercial organizations
Abkürzungen auf dem Gebiet nationaler und internationaler Normung (AküNorm) = Abbreviations in national and international standardization
Reverse acronyms, initialisms, & abbreviations dictionary : a companion volume to Acronyms, initialisms, & abbreviations dictionary, with terms arranged alphabetically by meaning of acronym, initialisms, or abbreviation
International encyclopedia of abbreviations and acronyms of organizations = Internationale Enzyklopädie der Abkürzungen und Akronyme von Organisationen. Vol. 3, F-Ipr
International encyclopedia of abbreviations and acronyms of organizations = Internationale Enzyklopädie der Abkürzungen und Akronyme von Organisationen. Vol. 4, Ips-Nob
Ocran's acronyms : a dictionary of abbreviations and acronyms used in scientific and technical writing
African acronyms and abbreviations : a handbook
Acronyms, initialisms & abbreviations dictionary : a guide to more than 480,000 acronyms, initialisms, abbreviations, contractions, alphabetic symbols, and similar condensed appellations
The acronym book : acronyms in aerospace and defense
Glossaire d'abréviations multilingue : conseil des communautés = Mehrsprachiges Abkürzungsglossar : Rat der europäischen Gemeinschaften = Multilingual glossary of abbreviations : council of the European communities
Anglo-American and German abbreviations in data processing = Anglo-amerikanische und deutsche Abkürzungen für den Bereich der Datenverarbeitung
Abbreviations in Latin
Kemianteollisuuden lyhenteiden luettelo 1984 = A list of abbreviations used in the chemical industry
The Oxford dictionary of abbreviations
ITA, Internationale Titelabkürzungen von Zeitschriften, Zeitungen, wichtigen Handbüchern, Wörterbüchern, Gesetzen, Institutionen usw. = International title abbreviations of periodicals, newspapers, important handbooks, dictionaries, laws, institutions etc
What's what : a guide to acronyms for cardiovascular trials
Repertorium siglorum : acronyms and abbreviations in philology and related subjects = sigles et abréviations en études anciennes et dans les sujets connexes
Everyman's dictionary of abbreviations
Notes on abbreviations in Greek manuscripts
Elsevier's dictionary of acronyms, initialisms, abbreviations, and symbols
Internet terms and computer acronyms
The Oxford essential dictionary of abbreviations
Eurojargon : a dictionary of EEC acronyms, abbreviations and sobriquets
A dictionary of abbreviations : comprising all standard forms in commercial, social, legal, political, naval and military and general use
Clipping, blends and acronyms in modern American journalese
Hungarian abbreviations : a selective list
Dictionary of acronyms and technical abbreviations : for information and communication technologies and related areas
Glossary of abbreviations and acronyms = Glossaire des sigles et acronymes
Periodical title abbreviations. 3, New periodical title abbreviations (supplement)
United Nations document series symbols. 1978-1984
Acronyms, initialisms & abbreviations dictionary : a guide to acronyms, abbreviations, contractions, alphabetic symbols, and similar condensed appellations
British initials and abbreviations
A directory of acronyms and abbreviations : derived from the British Library's catalogue of conference proceedings
Information and documentation : bibliographic description and references : rules for the abbreviation of bibliographic terms = Information et documentation : description et références bibliographiques : règles pour l'abréviation des termes bibliographiques
A modern companion to the European Community : a guide to key facts, institutions and terms
Periodical title abbreviations : covering: periodical title abbreviations in science, the social sciences, the humanities, law, medicine, religion, library science, engineering, education, business, art, and many other fields. [Vol. 2], By title
Dictionary of personal computing and the Internet
Acronyms and abbreviations for the Polar Science Community
Micro-organism culture collections : acronyms, sigla, and abbreviations
Les acronymes de Bruxelles : les abréviations et les sigles européens = Brussels' acronyms : the European sigla and abbreviations
The pharmacy technician series. Vol. 3, Fundamentals of pharmacy practice
The digital lexicon : networked business and technology from A-Z
