http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14047 relationship marketing
relationship marketing
Customer relationship management and the enlargement of the customer base of a service marketing company : case company Rauma Stevedoring
"As the digital landscape has changed buyers' habits it's increasingly difficult to reach them early enough in their decision-making process using traditional sales methods. Developing relationships with decision-makers through social networks has become an increasingly critical skill - enabling sales professionals to engage early on and 'hack' the buying process. Social Selling provides a practical, step-by-step blueprint for harnessing these specific and proven techniques including: - How to use networks purposefully to build social trust and create a high quality community - How to develop real influence and authority in your subject area and connect with change-makers - How to scale the social selling strategy across an organisation including maturity and investment models, risk and governance, and technology platforms"--
Start a revolution : stop acting like a library
Show your work! : 10 ways to share your creativity and get discovered
"In WE-Commerce, visionary marketing strategist Billee Howard lays out her plan for a new vision of success and long-term, purposeful profitability in the new global, sharing economy Today, the most successful businesses and entrepreneurs thrive through connectivity, socialization, and sharing. It is an age of WE-Commerce, an economy centered on the power of "we" instead of "me," focused on the needs of the many over the few. Booming companies such as Über and Airbnb leverage technology to create platforms that rely largely on social media and community feedback to facilitate people's ability to collaborate with one another. Instead of traditional business strategies, companies must now inspire belief and trust in their communities; collaborate with their customers; create business models that are socially and environmentally responsible; find opportunities for creative collaboration with large, global markets; and become a new generation of innovators--"artists of business." With advice from "stay small but include all" to "profit with purpose" and "embrace disruption," Billee Howard gives readers the reinvented business toolkit that they will need to effectively collaborate, co-create, and succeed in a WE-Commerce landscape, and to acquire a new set of skills that will position them as leaders in the transformed economy"--
A comparison between relationship marketing and social-psychological concepts of commitment
Value Co-Creation in Seller-Reseller Relationships
B2B marketing communications in emerging markets : content marketing in digital channels: a case study of the United Arab Emirates
Marketing InnoConnections (Finnish Consulting Company) to Berlin,German Market : Developing business relationships with companies in Berlin
Total relationship marketing : marketing strategy moving from the 4Ps - product, price, promotion, place - of traditional marketing management to the 30Rs - the 30 relationships - of a new marketing paradigm incorporating service-dominant logic, B2C, B2B, C2C, CRM, many - to - many marketing, and the value-creating network society
Feasibility verification of e-operations models in the newspaper business
Driving customer equity : linking customer lifetime value to strategic marketing decisions
The rise of the platform marketer : performance marketing with Google, Facebook, and Twitter, plus the latest high-growth digital advertising platforms
Integrated marketing communications : a primer
The end of business as usual : rewire the way you work to succeed in the consumer revolution
Customer Relationship Management for Long Wei Plastics & Metal Manufacturing CO. LTD
Customer relationship management
Total relationship marketing : marketing strategy moving from the 4Ps - product, price, promotion, place - of traditional marketing management to the 30Rs - the thirty relationships - of the new market paradigm
Does Relationship Banking Have Value for Small Firms?
Relationship marketing on the Internet : Create one on one bonds with prospects and customers and keep them forever
Research in marketing. Vol. 13
Global account management : the art of managing international key accounts
The future of competition : co-creating unique value with customers
The grounds for evaluating retailers as middlemen
Up close & personal? : customer relationship marketing @ work
The primary objective of the thesis was to find out how the foreign representatives of Tamtron Group evaluate the cooperation between them and Tamtron Group. The study was conducted from the foreign representatives' point of view. The meaning was to identify how the foreign representatives experience the cooperation. The intention was to gather information for Tamtron Group to help it to improve these relationships. The study was conducted by using quantitative methods. The data was collected by using a self-completion questionnaire which was sent by email. The questionnaire contained both multiple choice questions and open questions. The sample of the research included all the foreign representatives of Tamtron Group. The questions handled the overall assessment of the relationship, positive aspects in the relationship, challenges facing the representatives and development ideas of the representatives. All the foreign representatives were categorized according to how long relationship they had with Tamtron Group. The categorization was made in order to see whether there were differences in the answers between the different groups. The study shows that the foreign representatives are in general satisfied with the cooperation. The overall satisfaction of all the representatives was basically at the same level, not depending on the length of the relationship they had with Tamtron Group. The most positive aspect in the relationship seemed to be the personal relations. The price reasoning and lack of technical competence formed the biggest challenges for the representatives. The issues for development seem to be technical and commercial training and more marketing material in representative's own language. The answers of the respondents to questions concerning challenges facing the representatives and development ideas varied to some extent according to the length of relationship. Lack of technical competence seemed to be bigger problem for representatives who had only few years' relationship with Tamtron Group than for representatives with longer experience. This means that Tamtron Group should focus on different issues on different phases of the relationship in order to improve the cooperation.
Understanding marketing : expert solutions to everyday challenges
The planning and development of company X's social media marketing activities in Finland
Handbook of relationship marketing
Voice-of-the-customer marketing : a revolutionary five-step process to create customers who care, spend, and stay
Customer- and subcontractor satisfaction survey
Managing customer relationships : a strategic framework
Customer centricity : what it is, what it isn't, and why it matters
It's all about customers! : the perfect way to grow your business through marketing, sales and service
The brand switching fraction of promotion effects : unit sales versus elasticity decompositions
IMC, the next generation : five steps for delivering value and measuring returs using marketing communication
The marketing century : how marketing drives business and shapes society : The Chartered Institute of Marketing
Loyalty marketing in automobile dealerships : case: car dealer X
Hospitality marketing : principles and practice
Customer-driven marketing : the ideal way to increased profits through marketing, sales and service improvement
This bachelor's thesis is a study into the implications that social media have on business-to-business marketing communications and customer relationship development. It starts off from the observation that traditional marketing and communications are currently facing a transitional phase, as the new paradigm for relationship marketing in electronic media has introduced a competitive model for interactive and collaborative communication. In that regard, the thesis frames the research questions by integrating theory from the relationship marketing perspective of value-driven buyer-seller relationships with social media marketing communication aspects. Although there is still a shortage of academic research and proven practice on the research topic, this study aims to showcase current efforts to generate knowledge on relationship marketing communication in social media, with a particular emphasis on business-to-business markets. The central goal of this thesis is to provide the case company, Dimedia Oy, with a model that integrates the development of marketing relationships with marketing communication practice in social media, and thus encourages it into entering the social media space. The contribution solves the problem by showing that the characteristics of social media add another layer to marketing communications, which needs to be treated differently compared to traditional marketing efforts. In addition, the study suggests that by building a roadmap for social media engagement, organizations can create a social media marketing communications strategy that matches their current expertise, comfort level, and available resources. Successful implementation of this strategy can increase the quality and frequency of interaction with customers, and build relationships with prospects much earlier in the purchasing cycle as well as in all of the phases of relationship development. The analysis leading to this contribution is done in three steps over the course of three chapters. The first of these steps consist providing a theoretical background by covering the basics, strategy, and the business-to-business side of relationship marketing, marketing communications, and social media. The second step offers a more practical perspective to the study by combining important aspects of theory with practice in relation to the role of social media in business-to-business marketing communications and customer relationship development. To counter the current trends described in the first and second parts, the third step of the thesis develops a possible approach by providing the case company with a practical social media policy document as well as elements and recommended procedures for creating and enforcing social media policies and strategies for its customers.
As we move deeper into the 21st century, firms continue to struggle with the implementation of sales force technology tools and the role they play in sales representative performance. Foreseeing a changing environment, many sales organizations have begun to focus on technology-related strategies, business processes, and applications to adapt to these emerging issues. With this in mind, sales force technology usage has changed the methods of selling. Salespeople are no longer selling just a "product"; instead, they are providing a valuable "solution" to customer problems. Salespeople now act as consultants or experts and provide customized solutions. This role requires salespeople to develop a technological orientation to access, analyze, and communicate information in order to establish a strong relationship with customers. Sales technology enables salespeople to answer the queries of customers and effectively provide competent solutions. The ability to answer queries and provide solutions leads to strong relationships between a salesperson and a customer. Thus, technology tools are not only used for smoothing the work process, but they also have strategic utilizations. With the adoption of technological tools at exponential rates, many firms fell into pitfalls and witnessed failure of their technology initiatives. The purpose of this book is to outline the important steps that must be considered and adhered to when implementing sales force technology. Perhaps the most important aspect covered within this book is that technology usage is both a strategy and a tool; therefore, we outline both strategic considerations as well as implementation procedures throughout each chapter. It is important to consider all the steps and the necessary actions that will need to take place before the first penny is spent; then, and only then, will the technology have its intended effect.
Managing customers as investments : the strategic value of customers in the long run
Marketing planning : a global perspective
Consumer-brand relationships : theory and practice
Marketing strategies for a B2B industrial supplier : case: Company X
Organizational marketing
Relationship marketing in a direct selling organisation : Case Natures of Scandinavia
Principles and practice of marketing
Simplicity marketing : end brand complexity, clutter, and confusion
Up close and personal? : customer relationship marketing @ work
"It is easy for today's leaders to fall into the trap of the trendy technology associated with these initiatives--of designing "cool" systems that generate superficial results. But it is not the technology that makes these three initiatives so important, so promising and so misunderstood. It's that they have changed the way consumers behave, and it's only when these changes are understood and responded to from a business perspective that the potential of the BIG-SOCIAL-MOBILE enterprise can be realized. The premise of BIG-SOCIAL-MOBILE is that these three major business trends have the potential to improve enterprise performance significantly but only if they're implemented in a holistic fashion; and only if they're implemented to enhance and support what has traditionally made a business unique rather than to reinvent the company. The book offers an integrative process that has helped a wide range of companies connect these initiatives to each other and to their enterprise strategy, and one that has yielded transformative results--creating a truly BIG-SOCIAL-MOBILE enterprise"--
"This book is a comprehensive collection addressing managerial and technical aspects of customer-centric knowledge implementation, contributing to the dynamic and emerging fields of organizational knowledge management, customer relationship management, and information and communication technologies"--Provided by publisher.
Marketing communications : interactivity, communities and content
Inbound marketing : get found using Google, social media, and blogs
Critical business episodes : the criticality of damage adjustment processes in insurance relationships
Sales force management : leadership, innovation, technology
"Once again I gained so much" : understanding the value of business-to-business sales interactions from an individual viewpoint
Development strategy for single copy sales : case Pohjolan Sanomat
Experiential Marketing - Entertaining Events or a Crucial Part of the Marketing Mix?
Achieving growth by attracting customers for Nordea Hämeenkyrö-Kyröskoski
Connected CRM : implementing a big-data-driven, customer-centric business strategy
Buyer-seller relationships in international B2B bulk product industry : case Luvata Pori Oy
Iniating environmentally-friendly marketing campaigns : marketing ethical cosmetics in spa-facilities
What no one ever tells you about marketing your own business : real-life advice from 101 successful entrepreneurs
Customer centricity : focus on the right customers for strategic advantage
Selling results solutions : creating sales opportunities in mature industrial markets
Improving the Customer Service Level through efficient Business-to-Business Marketing Communication
Relationship marketing in Latin American context : implications for small Finnish software companies in Latin American B2B partnerships
Strategic marketing : planning and control
The complete guide to direct marketing
Customer-centric knowledge management : concepts and applications
Strategic relationship marketing
Key account management in a case company
Marketing in social media: the Facebook phenomenon
Handbook on the experience economy
This is a guide for business and brand builders who need to strengthen their approach to online B2C community management and customer engagement. Perkins explains how to build an engaging community strategy and provides ways to retain customers, create compelling content, and track results. You'll learn how to create an online community and entice new members to join; the online locales where you should be hosting your community; why content is essential to community and how to determine what types of content will best fit the needs of your consumers; why community can be a tremendous source of consumer insight; how to ensure that your brand consistently delivers on its promises; how to develop a holistic community strategy and effectively manage resources through an agile approach; frameworks to support execution of a community strategy; how to define the role of community manager and hire for it. --$cEdited summary from book.
Pilot Project in Coordination Department : Case: Coordination department. Company x
Background Research for the "Travel Destination of Tomorrow" -Specialization Program
Implementing customer relationship management in business network context
Guerrilla marketing for free : 100 no-cost tactics to promote your business and energize your profits
Utilizing online technologies in connected marketing
Social selling luxury : Increase sales by engaging in the digital world
The one to one manager : real-world lessons in customer relationship management
Cruise network services : sales agents satisfaction survey ; case: Viking Line Abp Oyj
Development of after-sales program for Valkea Marina
Silent communication : a challenge to established marketing communication practice
Relationship marketing : in search of a new paradigm
Marketing graffiti : the view from the street
100 great marketing ideas : from leading companies around the world
Strategic marketing in small businesses : case: Big Agenda Coaching
Relationship marketing : exploring relational strategies in marketing
Abstract: Global account management : the art of managing international key accounts. This bachelor thesis aims at analyzing Global Account Management as an instrument for handling global business-to-business relationships between supplier and buyer. The challenges and critical success factors within Global Account Management should underline the complexity of global deals between global corporations. A deeper inside into the organizational structures identifies the background of the obstacles for Global Account Managers. The most relevant barriers in Global Account Management are examined and their influence on the relationship between global supplier and global buyer are discussed. The findings should provide help in understanding the global mechanisms and emphasize the need for customization towards individual customer requests in Global Account Management.
Guerrilla multilevel marketing : 100 tactics for growing your network and advancing to the top of your pay plan
Corporate blogs and communications in relationship management
International Service Marketing; SME Approach : Case Company Llano Inmobiliaria
Social selling : techniques to influence buyers and changemakers
Fundraising and investor relations in social enterprise : Marketing your way out of the pioneer gap in African off-grid renewable energy
Developing the Internal Service Quality in Organisation Y
We-commerce : how to create, collaborate, and succeed in the sharing economy
Relationship marketing
The rebirth of modern marketing : six propositions about relationship marketing
Marketing for tourism
The butterfly customer : capturing the loyalty of today's elusive consumer
Reader engagement in customer magazines with metadiscoursal engagement features
Key account management in information-intensive services
Sustainable brands may have started as 'doing less harm', but brands today are supported by over a decade of phenomenal changes in sustainability. Today's sustainable brands are looking for the holy grail of sustainability -- a fusion of products and branding that can actually drive sustainability and also grow the business top line. This guide by sustainable brand expert Henk Campher is the model for building a sustainable brand that will help you get there.
Customer satisfaction and building customer relationship in Asia Pacific : case: Orion Pharma
Advances in business marketing and purchasing : Volume 16, Organizational culture, business-to-business relationships, and interfirm networks
Marketing briefs : a revision and study guide
Networking efficiency : Case Kessu Oy
Selling for the long run : build lasting customer relationships for breakthrough results
Big social mobile : how digital initiatives can reshape the enterprise and drive business results
Service management : An integrated approach
Creating the marketing experience : new strategies for building relationships with your target market
ProfitBrand : how to increase the profitability, accountability & sustainability of brands
Customer Relationship Management in Ping An Life Insurance Company of China, Ltd
Reliability rules : the ground-breaking manual for using promises management to keep customers, build your brand and grow your business
Successful exchange relationships between organizations and their various partners in those exchanges - suppliers, customers, employees, or a wide variety of other types of exchange partners - have become critical to the overall success of organizations in an economy that is increasingly global, hypercompetitive, and evolutionary. This Handbook highlights relationship marketing as an area of growing interest and ongoing development within marketing, providing key insights that illustrate its important role in guiding customer-directed business strategies. Relationship marketing is an approach to increase long-term profitability through loyal customers. With increased customer retention, fewer resources need to be invested in acquiring new customers and marketing costs go down. The Handbook on Relationship Marketing brings together contributions from some of the leading figures in the field to analyze the role of marketing with suppliers and customers, as well as internal and lateral partners. The Handbook will appeal to scholars and students of marketing and business. It will also be a useful resource for practitioners looking to exploit relationship marketing for better customer retention.
Customer relationship management : the foundation of contemporary marketing strategy
The main objective of this study was to examine the relationship between DB Schenker Logistics Finland and its customers and the possibilities of managing and maintaining the customer marketing relationship. The main purpose was to examine a provider organization and its operation by integrating the theories of relationship marketing in service context to find out what are the major challenges in implementing marketing relationship and service approach in DB Schenker. The theoretical framework was constructed on the theories of relationship marketing in service context. Customer relationship is becoming the main focus of most businesses. Hence, there have been many discussions about this topic in the previous studies. The main focus of this study is based on the customer relationship from the customer perspective. Therefore, the theoretical framework provides the basis for the research problem, research design, data collection and data analysis. The empirical study is based on a qualitative research designed through a single case study analysis method. The aim is to achieve an in-depth understanding of a practical phenomenon in its context in a real life situation. Both primary and secondary data are utilized. Secondary data include the company's internal materials and selected articles and research reports from various reliable sources. Primary data are mainly gathered through semi-structured interviews, discussions and direct observations. The case study reveals that DB Schenker is relatively well relationship and service orientated in the strategic level. Importance of customer relationship, service orientation and employees' role in improving customer marketing relationships and service quality have been recognized by the company. The company believes that better customer marketing relationships and service quality create competitive advantages. Conclusions are based on both the theoretical study and the empirical case study. The logistics service industry is an extremely dynamic industry where customers' demands and the changes in the competitive environment are getting more demanding constantly.
Online Marketing: A Study in E – Service Section : Case Study: Jobstreet.com
Guerrilla marketing for mortage brokers : how to steal customers from your competition
Mind to mind marketing : communicating with 21st-century customers
The IABC handbook of organizational communication : a guide to internal communication, public relations, marketing, and leadership
Customers that Count : how to build living relationships with your most valuable customers
Customer relationship management process : case: Raxco Finland Oy = Asiakkuudenhallintaprosessit
"The digital landscape has changed buyers' habits. Sales professionals now need to develop relationships with decision-makers through social networks to reach them early in the decision making process.Social Sellingprovides a practical, step-by-step outline for harnessing the skills and techniques necessary to achieve this, including developing a high quality community, building trust, developing authority and influence, and connecting with changemakers. It also discusses enterprise implementation of a social selling strategy, maturity and investment models necessary, risk and governance, and technology platforms. The chapters feature tips, checklists, and theoretical examples"--
Exploring direct marketing
Profit maximization through customer relationship marketing : measurement, prediction and implementation
Analysis of Attitudes towards Mobile Direct Marketing Directed to Consumers Involved in Loyalty Programs.
CRM approach penetration in a service organization
E-marketing and e-crm : theories and case studies / main author: Rania Bakeer, co-author: Yousra Harb
Analysis of customer relationship marketing in DB Schenker Logistics Finland
Relationship marketing as a strategic approach to build better value and satisfaction for customers in service markets : what are the strategic tools in this mutual interaction?
Using relationship marketing and VIP-practices in Helsinki night restaurants
The relationship between web site interacticity and e-loyalty : a relational benefits perspective
With the ever increasing online community and opportunities, digital marketing is fast becoming the mainstream in the field of marketing. At the same time marketers have to be up-to-date with the current digital trends in order to be able to improve themselves and make valuable contributions to their organisations. The significance of digital marketing thus should make any thoughtful organisation want to plan for, perform, evaluate and improve its digital marketing endeavours where necessary, in order to take advantage of the opportunities available. This importance therefore necessitated this research. This thesis was commissioned by Koodiviidakko Oy, a Finnish company producing digital marketing software. The focus of this research is on business to business digital marketing in a digitally emerging market, with the United Arab Emirates (UAE) as the case study. A broad literature review of the concept of business to business (B2B) was performed, touching on aspects such as organisational buying behaviour, decision making unit and relationship marketing. Also discussed was B2B marketing communications from two dimensions; channel and relationship. Furthermore, the report examined the concepts of content marketing, digital marketing and digital marketing channels which are important concepts relevant to the thesis subject matter. The research was both qualitative and quantitative with analytical tools used to gather statistical data on the commissioner's digital marketing channels. The results gathered from the research showed that the commissioner's digital marketing efforts in the UAE are on the right track but more needs to be done especially in the areas of customer acquisition, customer conversion and measuring return on investments. Finally, based on the findings, recommendations were made, that the commissioner could employ in order to improve its digital marketing.
Evaluating the Impact of Social Media on Traditional Marketing
Critical incidents in internal relationships
Creating a sustainable brand : a guide to growing the sustainability top line
Handbook on research in relationship marketing
Evaluation of cooperation between principal and foreign partners in export business - Case: Tamtron Group
Relationship marketing. Vol. 2, A broad church : conceptual and theoretical developments in relationship marketing
Marketing communication : principles and practice
International performance of emerging market firms : marketing and supply chain capabilities and host country institutions
The attraction of company online communities : a multiple case study
Analysis of Customer Relationship Marketing in DB Schenker Logistics Finland
Relationship marketing : new strategies, technigues and technologies to win the customers you want and keep them forever
Value co-creation in industrial buyer-seller partnerships - creating and exploiting interdependencies : an empirical case study
Marketing & selling professional services : practical approaches to practice development
The role of relationship marketing as a tool for growth in Ghanaian banking sector . (Case of HFC bank Ghana)
The Power of Relationship Marketing : How to Keep Customers for Life
Effective sales force automation and customer relationship management  : a focus on selection and implementation
Proactive selling : control the process, win the sale
Relationship marketing. Vol. 3, Paradigm of perspective : the future of relationship marketing
Managing market relationships : methodological and empirical insights
Brandchild : insights into the minds of today's global kids and their relationship with brands
Proactive selling : control the process--win the sale
From marketing mix to relationship marketing : toward a paradigm shift in marketing
Customer orientation and competence building
Bite-sized marketing : realistic solutions for the overworked librarian
Building long-term customer relationships in service business : Suomen Hopealinja Oy
Development possibilities of the major marketing approaches
Evaluating the Impact of Social Media on Relationship Marketing
Improving marketing for a locksmith company : case: G4S Lukkoasema Oy
Handbook of CRM : achieving excellence in customer management
Customer Satisfaction : Case Farm Tourism Ilomäki
Relationship marketing.. Vol. 3 / the future of relationship marketing
Customer marketing : how to improve the profitability of your customer base
Integrated Advertising, Promotion, and Marketing Communications speaks to an evolved definition of integrated marketing and teaches students (of marketing or otherwise) how to effectively communicate in the business world. This text covers advertising and promotions, but also the role of social media, blogs, mobile messaging, and other marketing tactics. As marketing has evolved to include more stealth approaches, so has the text. To help students retain ideas, each chapter includes tools that allow them to apply concepts to real-life situations.
Power, dependence, adaptations and trust in leverage and strategic supplier categories
Creating value for resellers : case: Polar Electro - Fitness clubs
Strategic customer management : integrating relationship marketing and CRM
A marketing strategy for soundly sleeping dragon in the Finnish market : case: Tan Minh Single Women Cooperative
On social media in business-to-business marketing communications and customer relationship development : creating and enforcing social media policies : case: Digimedia Oy
Interaction as determining element of experienced service quality : a healthcare example
Development of business relationships in the electronic shopping mall of Sonera
Impact of the Internet on Tourism and Hospitality in Kenya
Relationship variables and their role between international buyer supplier relationship and customers' loyalty : a case study of UPC Print ltd
Online marketing to investors : how to develop effective investor relations
A Conceptual framework for understanding e-service quality : implications for future research and managerial practice
Customer-related knowledge utilisation in the collaborative relationships of professional service organisation : an analysis of the software component business
This authoritative guide to the key concepts, theories and applications of relationship marketing deals with partnership issues among suppliers and customers, and new ways of teaching and learning relationship marketing.
Abstract: Analysis of Attitudes towards Mobile Direct Marketing Directed to Consumers Involved in Loyalty Programs. The main objective of this dissertation was to analyze general attitudes consumers have towards mobile direct marketing, when it is executed by some company whose loyalty program they are involved in. The study was then investigating the level of interest towards such advertising. The research was based on a mix of qualitative and quantitative research, and an online survey of 94 individuals from different age groups and professions was conducted for data collection purposes. The research aimed at giving generalized view of the consumers' reaction to the topic and suggestions on how this information could be used by any company planning on incorporating mobile direct marketing to their loyalty programs. A critical review of relevant secondary data was carried out to get insight on consumer behavior, when it comes to loyalty programs and mobile direct marketing. The literature review discusses in general terms of the topic related concepts of marketing and consumer behavior, and finishes with introducing the different uses and types of mobile direct marketing. This information gave the basis for primary research. Results of the research placed some of the theory of secondary data under consideration, and further recommendation for research would therefore be focusing on viral activity related to loyalty program messages as well as realization of paid-for ordering service. Limitations of research include the absence of a commissioner, which affects the reliability of the primary research results.
Customers are people : the human touch
Customer expertise : a challenge in managing customer relationships in professional business-to-business services
The community manager's playbook : how to build brand awareness and customer engagement
Marketing InnoConnections (Finnish consulting company) to Berlin, German Market : developing business relationships with companies in Berlin
Analysis of attitudes towards mobile direct marketing directed to consumers involved in loyalty programs
Challenges in relationship marketing
The importance of customer support in achieving higher customer satisfaction in a business-to-business relationship : case: Veho Group Oy Ab.
Contemporary advertising
Cross-cultural business behavior : marketing, negotiating, sourcing and managing across cultures
Business gifts and related meanings in international context : case: Finnish business gift company
Online Marketing : a Study in E-service Section with a Case Study of Jobstreet.com
Marketing communication in Finnish industrial companies
Integrated advertising, promotion, and marketing communications
Total relationship marketing : marketing strategy moving from the 4Ps - product, price, promotion, place - of traditional marketing management to the 30Rs - the thirty relationships - of a new marketing paradigm
Global Account Management : The art of managing international key accounts
Understanding and managing customers
Customer commitment and key account management
The experienced value of loyalty : contrasting perspectives on relationship loyalty
Understanding and enhancing relationship value processes in the cruise and ferry segment : case STX Finland Turku shipyard
Big in Asia : 25 strategies for business success
Customer relationship management : strategies and company-wide implementation
Relationship marketing for multinationals : service marketing challenges: case study
Modern trends in B2B marketing and advertising in Finland : case: Lahden tyokalupiste-Toolpoint
DRV Service GmbH, A product survey to improve the customer relationship with the members of DRV
Relationship marketing : learning from other industries : case studies : Tikkurila Ltda and British Airways
Towards better customer satisfaction in the B2B relationship
Marketing and Customer Relationship Management for ONYOU Home Textiles Franchise Store in Hefei, China
The marketing gurus : lessons from the best marketing books of all time
Marketing 2.0 : strategies for closer customer relationships
Developing and testing a two-dimensional concept of commitment : explaining relationship of an individual in a marketing dyad
The marketing book
Clients, clients, and more clients : create an endless stream of new business with the power of psychology
Managing customer relationships in service industries
What is the true value of a lost customer?
All marketers are liars : the power of telling authentic stories in a low-trust world
Inbound marketing : attract, engage, and delight customers online
Customer retention strategies : case study of the Scandic Hotel Continental in Helsinki
Strategies that win sales : best practices of the world's leading organizations
Planning and Implementation of Marketing Communications Campaign for Finnish Film Princess : Case: The European Union Film Festival 2010
The objective of this study is to demonstrate that there is a connection between increased customer satisfaction and usage intensity with service improvement in the B2B environment. Laattapiste Oy was used as a case company to demonstrate this connection.      The theoretical framework was based on theories proposed by authors Parasuraman A, Zeithaml V. and Berry L. – A conceptual Model of Service Quality as well as Grönroos C. author of Service Management and Marketing- A Relationship Management Approach. The theory presented concept of service quality, customer relationship and servicescape.     The study was carried in form of face-to-face semi-structured interviews. The data was gathered in January 2011 by conducting five face-to-face interviews with the help of a pre-formulated questionnaire. Each interview lasted for approximately one hour. The analytical approach was qualitative, as it was the best approach suited for examining the topic. The sample was a group of professional architect and designer customers of Laattapiste Oy.     The findings revealed that the customers were mainly satisfied with the service at Laattapiste Oy, however getting contact with the salespeople was found somewhat difficult as well as keeping promises on deliveries – specifically samples. The study focused more on functional quality rather than on technical quality. The findings also revealed that the servicescape, the Bathroom Studio Showroom was considered good, but the premises were considered slightly boring, more products and technical information was wanted for display. Respondents were also interested in short lectures on products. The findings also revealed that customers found the social, financial and geographical bonds important. Problems with the deliveries and responsiveness were identified.     In conclusion, the research questions posed in the beginning were answered. The study showed that in order to increase customer satisfaction the company needs to constantly keep in touch with its customers, not only focus on acquiring new customers but fostering good relationships with current key customers. The service quality must be assessed and improved. The servicescape was also considered as a tool for customer retention and its improvement meaning better service for customers.
Key account management and quality in business-to-business relationships
The conversation company : boost your business through culture, people and social media
Evaluation of cooperation between principal and foreign partners in export business : case: Tamtron Group
Scoring points : how Tesco continues to win customer loyalty
Capabilities for forging customer relationships
