http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14006 Hindus
Hindus
"This book is a pioneering study of when and why Hindu nationalists have engaged in discrimination and violence against minorities in contemporary India. Amrita Basu asks why the incidence and severity of violence differs significantly across Indian states, within states, and through time. Contrary to many predictions, the Hindu nationalist Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) has neither consistently engaged in anti-minority violence nor been compelled by the centrifugal pressures of democracy to become a centrist party. Rather, the national BJP has alternated between moderation and militancy. Hindu nationalist violence has been conjunctural, determined by relations among its own party, social movement organization, and state governments, and on the character of opposition states, parties and movements. This study accords particular importance to the role of social movements in precipitating anti-minority violence. It calls for a broader understanding of social movements and a greater appreciation of their relationship to political parties"--
Politics after television : religious nationalism and the reshaping of the Indian public
Hinduism and modernity
The Spirit of Hindu Law
Bharuci's commentary on the Manusmrti : (The Manu-Śāstra-Vivarana, books 6-12) : text, translation, and notes
The myths of Narasiṁha and Vāmana : two avatars in cosmological perspective
My Hindu community
A source book in Indian philosophy
The ordinances of Manu
Ultimate ambiguities : investigating death and liminality
Krishna in the traditional painting of Bengal
Indian traditional values
Representing India : literature, politics and identities
Where four worlds meet : Hindu Kush 1959
The Indian theogony : a comparative study of Indian mythology from the Vedas to the Purānas
Cultural syncretism, civility, and religious diversity in Goa, India
Indian temple styles : the personality of Hindu architecture
Alberuni's Indica : (a record of the cultural history of South Asia about A. D. 1030)
The way of the silpis : or, Hindu approach to art and science
Growing up Canadian : Muslims, Hindus, Buddhists
Sacred Hindu symbols
The many faces of Murukan̲: the history and meaning of a South Indian god
"The fast consolidating identities along religious and ethnic lines in recent years have considerably 'minoritised' Muslims in India. The wide-ranging essays in this volume focus on the intensified exclusionary practices against Indian Muslims, highlighting how, amidst a politics of violence, confusing policy frameworks on caste and class lines, and institutionalised riot systems, the community has also suffered from the lack of leadership from within. At the same time, they have emerged as a 'mass' around which the politics of 'vote bank', 'appeasement', 'foreigners', 'Pakistanis within the country', etc. are innovated and played upon, making them further apprehensive about asserting their legitimate right to development. The important issue of the double marginalisation of Muslim women and attempts to reform the Muslim Personal Law by some civil society groups is also discussed. Contributed by academics, activists and journalists, the articles thus discuss issues of integration, exclusion and violence, and attempt to understand categories like 'identity', 'minority', 'multiculturalism', and 'nationalism' with regard to and in the context of Indian Muslims. The volume will be of great interest to those in sociology, politics, history, cultural studies, minority studies, Islamic studies, policy studies, geography, etc."--Publisher's website.
Being a Hindu in Oslo : youth, change, and continuity
Forms of the goddess Lajjā Gaurī in Indian art
India, Pakistan and the Secret Jihad: The Covert War in Kashmir, 1947-2004
Folk origins of Indian art
Study conducted in Hyderabad, Andhra Pradesh, India.
The Brahma sūtra
Viṣṇu's flaming wheel : the iconography of the Sudarśana-cakra
Hindu festivals in a North Indian village
Listening to grasshoppers : field notes on democracy
Bhaktisiddhanta Sarasvati : the context and significance of a modern Hindu personalist
Agency at marital breakdown : redefining hindu women's networks and positions
The cult of Brahmā
The myth of Manasā : a study in the popular Hinduism of medieval Bengal
Political Hinduism : the religious imagination in public spheres
Prajāpati and the year
Legal traditions of the world : sustainable diversity in law
The temple of Devi-Kothi : wall paintings and wooden reliefs in a Himalayan shrine of the great goddess in the Churah Region of the Chamba District, Himachal Pradash, India
Dying, death and bereavement in a British Hindu community
Saivism in the diaspora : contemporary forms of Skanda worship
I am a hindu
A history of the Kerala school of Hindu astronomy
The book engages with an urgent and disturbing question: how are ordinary people readied to willingly kill others in the name of a cause? It compares narratives of actors in domains often assumed incomparable in academic discourse: Naxalites studied within the framework of peasant rebellion, social movement or recently even terrorism, and Hindu rioters viewed mostly under the broad rubric of ethnic violence. The book draws from the author's extensive and painstaking fieldwork, first with Naxalite armed cadre across seven districts in Jharkhand and Bihar, and later with participants in the 2002 riots in Gujarat. Viewed from the standpoint of the perpetrator or foot soldier, the book bridges hitherto sacrosanct boundaries between left-extremist and communal violence, making available a whole new dimension to the study of social mobilisation, the politics of identity and, with far reaching implications, discovers deep commonalities in the life-worlds and aspirations of those motivated to kill in the name of a cause in apparently disparate contexts. The findings of this compelling analysis of human actors -- ordinary people driven to extraordinary violence -- will interest the informed general reader, as also those interested in sociology, politics, violence studies, ethnic movements, Naxalism, policy studies, and peace & conflict studies.
Christians and missionaries in India : cross-cultural communication since 1500, with special reference to caste, conversion, and colonialism
She of the mountains
Diaspora of the gods : modern Hindu temples in an urban middle-class world
Indian female gurus in contemporary Hinduism : a study of central aspects and expressions of their religious leadership
Hindu music from various authors. Pt. 1
The modern anthropology of India : ethnography, themes and theory
Light on life : an introduction to the astrology of India
The daily evening and morning offering (Agnihotra) according to the Brāhmanas
A new Tibeto-Mongol pantheon
7 secrets from Hindu calendar art
Lives of Muslims in India : politics, exclusion and violence
Indian female gurus in contemporary hinduism : a study of central aspects and expressions of their religious leadership
The spirit of Hindu law
Masks, transformation, and paradox
Hindu society at cross roads
Falling in love again : romantic comedy in contemporary cinema
Decoding a Hindu temple : royalty and religion in the iconographic program of the Virupaksha Temple, Pattadakal
Pūsan and Sarasvatī
A classical dictionary of hindu mythology and religion, geography, and history
Everyday nationalism : women of the Hindu right in India
The Oxford India Hinduism reader
Ancient Indian tradition & mythology : [Purāṇas in translation]
The life of music in North India : the organization of an artistic tradition
Pilgrimages today : based on papers read at the symposium on pilgrimages today held at Åbo, Finland, on 19-21 August 2009
The position of women in Hindu civilization : from prehistoric times to the present day
Religion, minority status and reproductive behaviour among Muslims and Hindus in India and Bangladesh
Comparative law in a global context : the legal systems of Asia and Africa
Rethinking Hindu identity : Dwijendra Narayan Jha
Indiana Jones and the temple of doom
Traditions of tirthas in India : the anthropology of Hindu pilgrimage
Yoga in modern India : the body between science and philosophy
Ordinary people, extraordinary violence : Naxalites and Hindu extremists in India
Hindu mythological text.
Some trouble with cows : making sense of social conflict
Indian mythology
The Routledge handbook of religion and security
Jñāna-yoga : the way of knowledge : (an analytical interpretation)
Mitra and Aryaman
The Siddhantas and the Indian calendar : being a continuation of the author's "Indian chronography" : with an article by the late Dr. J. F. Fleet on the mean place of the planet Saturn
Encyclopaedia of Indian temple architecture. [Vol. 2], North India. [Pt 1] : Foundations of North Indian style, c. 250 B.C. - A.D. 1100
Contributed articles orginally presented at symposia in 1990 and 1997.
Middle-class moralities : everyday struggle over belonging and prestige in India
Identity and religion : foundations of anti-Islamism in India
The Hindu history
The Hindus : an alternative history
Discourses on Śiva : proceedings of a symposium on the nature of religious imagery
Sleep as a state of consciousness in Advaita Vedānta
The Vedic God Mitra
Some minor divinities in Vedic mythology and ritual
Sree Narayana Guru : saint, philosopher, humanist
Law is too often perceived solely as state-based rules and institutions that provide a rational alternative to religious rites and ancestral customs. The Spirit of Hindu Law uses the Hindu legal tradition as a heuristic tool to question this view and reveal the close linkage between law and religion. Emphasizing the household, the family, and everyday relationships as additional social locations of law, it contends that law itself can be understood as a theology of ordinary life. An introduction to traditional Hindu law and jurisprudence, this book is structured around key legal concepts such as the sources of law and authority, the laws of persons and things, procedure, punishment and legal practice. It combines investigation of key themes from Sanskrit legal texts with discussion of Hindu theology and ethics, as well as thorough examination of broader comparative issues in law and religion.
Hindu myth, Hindu history : religion, art, and politics
The Penguin book of Hindu names
White paper on Ayodhya
Theology of karman : merit, death and release in the case of Varanasi, India
Cultures of the Hindukush : selected papers from the Hindu-Kush Cultural Conference held at Moesgård 1970
Ganeśa : a monograph on the elephant-faced god
Death of a guru
The sword and the flute : Kālī and Krsna, dark visions of the terrible and the sublime in Hindu mythology
A history of Hindu civilisation during British rule
Hinduism in Great Britain : the perpetuation of religion in an alien cultural milieu
The deeds of God in Ṙddhipur
Papers presented at a conference held at University of California, Los Angeles in May 2005.
Dowry murder : the imperial origins of a cultural crime
Status and sacredness : a general theory of status relations and an analysis of Indian culture
Recollection, Indian and Platonic, and On the one and only transmigrant
Hindu mythology, Vedic and Purânic
Objects of translation : material culture and medieval "Hindu-Muslim" encounter
The Kashmir story
The Indra hymns of the Rgveda
Concise classified dictionary of Hinduism. Vol. 3, Ritual-spiritual twine (from child to adult)
The Ramayana tradition in Asia : papers presented at the International Seminar on the Ramayana Tradition in Asia, New Delhi, December 1975
Blended boundaries : caste, class, and shifting faces of 'Hinduness' in a North Indian city
The iconography and ritual of Siva at Elephanta
Facets of Indian thought
Galactic alignment : the transformation of consciousness according to Mayan, Egyptian, and Vedic traditions
Eena meena deeka : the story of Hindi film comedy
A classical dictionary of Hindu mythology and religion, geography, history and literature
Mythologies and philosophies of salvation in the theistic traditions of India
The Vedic morning litany (Prātaranuvāka)
As good as God : the guru in Gaudiya Vaisnavism
Ritual songs and folksongs of the Hindus of Surinam
The meditations
Hanumān in art and mythology
Handbook of Hindu mythology
The 'Hindu joint family' : past and present
'Objects of Translation' offers a nuanced approach to the entanglements of medieval elites in the regions that today comprise Afghanistan, Pakistan, and north India.
Kashmir Shaivism : the secret supreme
Pilgrims and travellers in search of the holy
Defining Hinduism : a reader
Indian music : a vast ocean of promise
The Goddess lives in upstate New York : breaking convention and making home at a North American Hindu temple
Ten saints of India
The gods of India : a brief description of their history, character & worship
New pathways in pilgrimage studies : global perspectives
