http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14061 chiropractic
chiropractic
Stedman's orthopaedic & rehab words : includes chiropractic, occupational therapy, physical therapy, podiatric, & sports medicine
Mosby's review questions for the NBCE examination : parts 1 and 2
Rehabilitation of the spine : a practitioner's manual
Manual mobilization of the joints : the Kaltenborn Method of joint examination and treatment. Volume 2, The Spine
Abstract.
The well adjusted horse : equine chiropractic methods you can do
The history of naprapathic medicine
Assessment of the spine
Essentials of complementary and alternative medicine
Touch and emotion in manual therapy
Evidence-based management of low back pain
Chiropractic technique : principles and procedures
Chiropractic : an illustrated history
Chiropractic : history and evolution of a new profession
Chiropractic : integrative medicine for today
Trigger points and muscle chains in osteopathy
Decision making and outcomes in sports rehabilitation
Manual therapy for the peripheral nerves
Spinal manipulation made simple : a manual of soft tissue techniques
The aging body : conservative management of common neuromusculoskeletal conditions
Differential diagnosis and management for the chiropractor : protocols and algorithms
Whiplash injuries : the cervical acceleration / deceleration syndrome
Trick or treatment? : alternative medicine on trial
Low back pain : mechanism, diagnosis, and treatment
WHO guidelines on basic training and safety in chiropractic
The strange case of Dr. Terry and Mr. Chimes
Anterior interbody lumbar spine fusion
Chiropractic manipulative skills
Natural, alternative, and complementary health care practices
Frontiers in whiplash trauma : clinical and biomechanical
Healing by hand : manual medicine and bonesetting in global perspective
"Welcome to the world of alternative medicine. Prince Charles is a staunch defender and millions of people swear by it; most UK doctors consider it to be little more than superstition and a waste of money. But how do you know which treatments really heal and which are potentially harmful? Now you can find out. Edzard Ernst is the world's first professor of complementary medicine and Simon Singh is the author of several international bestsellers. Together they have written the definitive book on aletrnative medicine. It is honest, impartial, hard-hitting and provides a thorough examination and judgement of more than thirty of the most popular treatments, including: -acupuncture, -homeopathy, -aromatherapy, -reflexology, -chiropractic, -herbal medicine. Whether you are a follower, sceptic or just baffled by the subject, Trick or Treatment? delivers the ultimate verdict on alternative medicine with clarity, scientific rigour and absolute authority." -- (Back Cover)
