http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14068 cultural tourism
cultural tourism
Tourism impacts, planning and management
Royal tourism : excursions around monarchy
By the rivers : the cultural and nature tourism route of Oulu Arc
Tourism: good or bad? : impacts of tourism in Tanzania
Religious tourism and pilgrimage : ATLAS Special Interest Group 1st expert meeting held at Fá́tima, Portugal, 23-27 April 2003
Abstract.
Notes from a small island
A report on the International Conference on Cultural tourism and local communities : Yogyakarta, Indonesia, 8-10 February 2006
Community-based tourism in Nicaragua : a socio-cultural perspective
Selling or telling? : Paradoxes in tourism, culture and heritage : ATLAS reflections 2008
Proceedings of the ATLAS conference Viana do Castelo, Portugal, 2007 : destination revisited. Part 2, Attractions
Snow and ice design in small businesses in winter tourism in Lapland: action research in snow and ice design
Of the past, for the future : integrating archaeology and conservation : proceedings of the conservation theme at the 5th World Archaeological Congress, Washington, D.C., 22-26 June 2003
Tourism in Brazil : environment, management and segments
The cultural moment in tourism
Integrated heritage management : principles and practice
London : the essential insider's guide
Creating experiences in the experience economy
African homecoming : Pan-African ideology and contested heritage
Tourism, development and growth : the challenge of sustainability
Museums and galleries of London
Travel connections : tourism, technology, and togetherness in a mobile world
Culture with a twist challenge for the 'Land of Miracles'
Magical tourism : traditional culture network of village tourism, sustainable development
Unfolding the orient : travellers in Egypt and the Near East
Places of the imagination : media, tourism, culture
City tourism & culture : the European experience
Partners in tourism : culture and commerce
Lines of Torres Vedras historical trail : guide
Managing heritage and cultural tourism resources
The holiday goddess handbag guide to Paris, New York, London and Rome
Sociocultural sustainability of rural community-based tourism : case study of local participation in fair trade coffee trail, Nicaragua
Accessibility of the Lake Tuusulanjärvi's culture destinations
Preservation pays : tourism and the economic benefits of conserving historic buildings
Sensing Nepal in a Peer Student Created Multi-sensory Environment
The Pomeranian Way of St. James : tourist guide
Counter-tourism : the handbook
MARK TWAIN'S MISSISSIPPI
Cultural tourism research methods
Proceedings of the ATLAS conference Viana do Castelo, Portugal, 2007 : destination revisited. Part 3, Cultures and cities
Managing quality cultural tourism
Cultural diversification of tourism and their importance : case study: Cameroon
Cultural tourism : tourism at world heritage cultural sites : the site manager's handbook
Tourism and national identities : an international perspective
Urban tourism in Istanbul : urban regeneration, mega-events and city marketing and branding
By the rivers : the cultural and nature tourism route of Oulu Arc, Ii-Kuivaniemi-Pudasjärvi-Utajärvi-Yli-Ii-Ylikiiminki
The cultural project of Koli
Heritage tourism
The Oxford guide to literary Britain & Ireland
Draft Art Project:  The Relevance of an Arts and Culture Park in Rovaniemi of Finland
Tourism geography : a new synthesis
Impacts of cultural events on tourism in Finland
The sage handbook of tourism studies
Motivation factors of Chinese tourists travelling to Finland
Polar tourism : an environmental perspective
Functional analysis of the Ogun festival in Ondo, Nigeria
Sustainable Tourism Management along the Camino de Santiago Pilgrimage Routes
Planning for tourists : contributions of museums : Museums and tourism on the Oregon Coast : Visitor behavior at the Mark O. Hatfield Marine Science Center Aquarium
Land of light and darkness : a comparative study of Finland in travel literature
"'Since the 1990s, tourism has become a major driver of economic activity and community development in Brazil. New policies and approaches, growing expertise and investment in tourism have brought significant transformation in tourism products, destination development and community involvement. In addition Brazil will be hosting two major sport events in the years ahead, i.e. the Soccer World Cup, in 2014, and the Olympic Games in Rio de Janeiro, in 2016. Brazil offers many cultural and natural attractions but, similar to many other developing countries, it still struggles with issues such as infrastructure, accessibility, product development, service quality, market access and workforce training. This book provides an in-depth examination of tourism in Brazil, critically reviewing its development and management. The social, economic, political and environmental contexts of this emerging global power provide an intriguing backdrop. The book considers important development issues such as the changing policy context, community benefit tourism and indigenous tourism. It explores the impacts of tourism on the environment, changing community attitudes towards tourism, transport infrastructure and sustainability issues in events. Particular segments are explored including backpacker tourism, sensual tourism, adventure tourism and ecotourism and the implications for tourism research and education are examined. The book draws from theoretical foundations and practical insights, and gives voice to Brazilian researchers who are actively engaged in researching tourism. Drawing from cutting edge cross-cultural research, this original and timely book will be of interest to students, researchers and academics in the areas of Tourism, Geography and related disciplines.'"--
The tourism and leisure industry : shaping the future
Managing educational tourism
Kreposti severo-zapada Rossii i Ûgo-Vostočnoj Finlândii = Castles and fortressers of Nort-West Russia : ot kreposti k kreposti
Contemporary issues in cultural heritage tourism
Open doors : how to make cultural venues and exhibitions accessible = Offene Türen = Anoihtes portes = Åpne dører = Avoimet ovet
Leisure, tourism and environment : participation, perception and preferences
Developing the Wolf Cave as a Tourism Attraction
On a quest for authenticity to an imaginary place : a narrative analysis of the experiences of British literary tourists
Performing heritage : art of exhibit walks
Materials of the International Conference "Innovative policies for heritage safeguarding and cultural tourism development" : 24 November 2005 - 27 November 2005, Moscow, Kremlin Museums, Russia
Lifestyles and social change : essays in economic sociology
Archaeology has an often contentious relationship with the consequences of economic development. Tourism, urban development and natural resource exploitation have generated adverse impact on the archaeological record, indigenous cultures and local communities worldwide. Over the decades, international conventions, national laws and corporate ventures have sought to address the problems, but too often they have fallen short and immense challenges remain. Looking ahead, the contributions to this volume constitute a global conversation on the most salient issue facing archaeology as it interacts with economic development: Is collision with development still the best course? Or, is a more effective strategy to pursue collaborative relationships with the forces of economic and social change?
Treasures of the Baltic sea : stones and rocks : discover exciting natural secrets
Innovations in cultural tourism : proceedings of the 5th ATLAS International Conference Innovatory approaches to culture and tourism 1998, Rethymnon, Crete, Greece
Handbook for experience stagers
Branding Finland on the Internet : images and stereotypes in Finland's tourism marketing
Rock Hellsinki, Marketing Research
Local culture in the context of international tourism : Japanese tourists' perceptions of the culture of Saariselkä and the views of Japanese travel agents
Logistics Practices in the Service sector : The case study of New Fairmount Hotel, Zambia
Converging interests : traders, travelers, and tourists in Southeast Asia
Marketing Cameroon as a Cultural Tourism Destination to Finnish Tourists
"Looks at sites and events in Pennsylvania to explore the emergence of heritage culture about industry and its loss in America. Traces the shaping of public memory of coal, steel, railroading, lumber, oil, and agriculture, and the story it tells about both local and national identity"--Provided by publisher.
From cultural tourism to creative tourism : proceedngs of the ATLAS international conference, Barcelona, 2005.. Part 4, Changing experiences - the development of creative tourism
Managing sacred sites : service provision and visitor experience
Wine Trails : 52 perfect weekends in wine country
CULTURAL DIVERTIFICATION OF TOURISM AND THEIR IMPORTANCE : Case study: CAMEROON
Culture's Effect on Communication in a Hotel Reception
Greece : journeys to the Gods
Off Broadway : everything to play for
In search of heritage as pilgrim or tourist?
Bali and beyond : explorations in the anthropology of tourism
Santorini : a guide to the island and its archaeological treasures
Amazing journeys : 22 of the world's most legendary road trips
Heritage visitor attractions : an operations management perspective
The art of travel
How to build successful city brands? -Case Munich, Berlin & Hamburg
"The contributors to Things in Motion, collectively, demonstrate the dynamic capacity of things in motion, from the point where things emerge from source material, to their circulation in the contemporary world, including their extended circulation through reproduction in other media. The various chapters show that examining the itineraries of things multiplies the assemblages things form and multiplies the sites at which we can recognize things in motion. None of the things discussed seem to ever have died. Their itineraries are continued by their movement in and out of museums and curation facilities, where many of them have come to rest temporarily, the circulation of their images, and their adaptation in sometimes unexpected contemporary material culture. Their itineraries also include the scholarship about them, to which this volume contributes, making it another site assembled by these active things"--Provided by publisher.
Ice window : letters from a Bering Strait village, 1892-1902
Tourist Motivation and Information Search Behaviour
Case: Museum of Contemporary Art Kiasma
Destinations revisited : perspectives on developing and managing tourist areas : ATLAS reflections 2007
Community destination management in developing economies
Using natural and cultural heritage to develop sustainable tourism in non-traditional tourist destinations
Things in motion : object itineraries in anthropological practice
Tourism and national identity : heritage and nationhood in Scotland
Providing basis for the sustainable development in the mediterranean basin through the valorisation of cultural heritage : Barcelona, 19th - 23rd January 2002
Cultural tourism goes virtual : audience development in Southeast European countries
This is a project based Thesis.  It is about developing a package using the Bomas of Kenya as the main tourist destination. The Bomas of Kenya was started by the government of Kenya in 1971 as wholly owned subsidiary of the Kenya tourist development cooperation (KTDC).  The company was established to preserve, maintain and promote the rich diverse cultural values of various ethnic groups of Kenya and to act as a tourist attraction centre. Thus Bomas of Kenya is expected to preserve the authenticity of Kenya cultural values and to portray them in pure form.    Today tourism organisations face an increasing difficulty in the highly saturated market.    Consumers are eyeing service quality wherever they go. The main objective is to develop a new cultural tourism product offer for the Finnish market.     Findings from the secondary data were reported information from the websites, books, journals and articles. They were analysed to provide detailed information to the Finnish tourists.  The package features three main elements: all-inclusive, excellent service and quality for age group 55-65. These are elements intended to make the product feasible, therefore improving business financial performance.    If hospitality companies can implement and manage the package concept adequately by doing further research. Then the package would lead to excellent service provision and profitability in the hospitality industry.
Tourism: Good or Bad? : Impacts of tourism in Tanzania
Life on the water's edge : the culture and history of the Qinhuai river
Sustainable Tourism Development in Rural Azerbaijan
Railway heritage and tourism : global perspectives
Hurtigruten : the Norwegian coastal voyage : detailed 11-day voyage guide : nature, culture, history, legends
Social memory and heritage tourism methodologies
From heritage to terrorism : regulating tourism in an age of uncertainty
Types of tourism : sex tourism, agritourism, space tourism, medical tourism, whale watching, bicycle touring, grand tour, child sex tourism, sustainable tourism, couchsurfing, female sex tourism, booze cruise, lgbt tourism, staycation, cultural tourism
Wine travel guide to the world
Culture and community : tourism studies in Eastern and Southern Africa
Pennsylvania in public memory : reclaiming the industrial past
Tourism in China : destination, cultures and communities
This volume provides an accessible overview of cultural tourism in southern Africa. It examines the utilisation of culture in southern African tourism and the related impacts, possibilities and challenges from deep and wide-ranging perspectives. The chapters use case studies to showcase some of the cultural tourism which occurs in the region and link to concepts such as authenticity, commodification, the tourist gaze and 'Otherness', heritage, sustainability and sustainable livelihoods. The authors scrutinise both positive and negative impacts of cultural tourism throughout the book and explore issues including the definition of community, ethical considerations, empowerment, gender, participation and inequality. The book will be a useful resource for students and researchers of tourism, geography, anthropology and cultural studies.
A meaningful experience : how is it done
Encountering the changing Barents : research challenges and opportunities
Re-imagining heritage interpretation : enchanting the past-future
CELEBRATING THE PAST : Marketing and Development Plan for Rosenlund
International branding strategies for Finnish cultural destinations
Customer service for hospitality and tourism
"The perceived quality of a destination's cultural offering has long been a significant factor in determining tourist choices of destination. More recently, the need to present touristic offerings that include cultural experiences and heritage has become widely recognised, that this aspect of the tourism experience is an important differentiator of destinations, as well as being amongst the most manageable. This has also led to an increase in the management of such experiences through special exhibitions, events and festivals, as well as through ensuring more routine and controlled access to heritage sites. Reflecting the increasing application of cultural heritage as a driver for tourism and development, this book provides for the first time a cohesive volume on the subject that is theoretically rich, practically applied and empirically grounded. Written by expert scholars and practitioners in the field, the book covers a broad range of theoretical perspectives of cultural heritage tourism; regeneration, policy, stakeholders, marketing, socio-economic development, impacts, sustainability, volunteering and ICT. It takes a broad view, integrating international examples of sites, monuments as well as intangible cultural heritage, motor vehicle heritage events and modern art museums. This significant book further knowledge of the theory and application of tourism within the context of cultural heritage and will be of interest to students, researchers and practitioners in a range of disciplines"--
Kenya as cultural destination at british market
From cultural tourism to creative tourism : proceedngs of the ATLAS international conference, Barcelona, 2005.. Part 1, The changing context of cultural tourism
Sheba : through the desert in search of the legendary queen
Gay-friendly Helsinki: Case Helsinki Pride
Arctic Design Week as an attractive tourism product
Mining heritage and tourism
Culture : a driving force for urban tourism - application of experiences to countries in transition : proceedings of the 1st international seminar on culture : A Driving force for urban tourism -application of experiences to countries in transition Dubrovnik, 18-19 May 2001
Impediments of a historical and cultural tourist town to becoming a world heritage site : case of Bagamoyo town in coast region of Tanzania
"This book offers an interdisciplinary approach to the key relationships between heritage conservation, city space design, and tourism development in historic cities, linking theory and practice in a unique way. The book offers an investigation of three Middle Eastern historic cities, Aleppo, Acre and Salt, all of which face significant challenges of heritage conservation, adaptation to contemporary needs, and tourism development. It presents practical scenarios for the conservation and design of historic urban spaces and the development of sustainable tourism, from the perspective of planners, local communities and international tourists"--Provided by publisher.
Collision or collaboration : archaeology encounters economic development
Cultural package for Finnish tourists visiting Kenya
The ethics of sightseeing
Community perceptions to climate change in Finnish Lapland : examining vulnerabilities and adaptive responses to the changing characteristics of Arctic tourism
ATLAS Cultural Tourism Research Project 2004 : survey report
Intercultural communication in experience tourism in the Inari area
Dream Destinations of Europe
Meeting the Hong Kong tourism market with Finnish products : a Case Study of the Kuhmo Chamber Music Festival
Heritage management in Australia and New Zealand : the human dimension
The most beautiful walk in the world : a pedestrian in Paris
Novel destinations: literary landmarks from Jane Austen’s Bath to Ernest Hemingway’s Key West
Tourism and aboriginal heritage in the arctic as a means towards sustainability
Tanzania is endowed with cultural heritage sites with remains, which represent both human cultural and biological evolution from the Pliocene to modern era. Later pre-historic sites include the rock art shelters of Kondoa central Tanzania and historical monuments along the Tanzanian coast precisely Bagamoyo. The presence of these sites contributes greatly to the development of cultural tourism in the mentioned areas. But despite this immense contribution, vandalism, destruction and looting of cultural heritage resources are increasing at an alarming rate. In rescuing the situation, various efforts has been done by public and private institutions to develop regulations to protect, document and conserve pre-historical and historical sites. The efforts have resulted in the development of management plans for some sites while others have succeeded to be listed as World Heritage Sites. Recently, historic sites in Bagamoyo have been in critical situation following the increased destruction. As a result, various actions including nominating the site to the World Heritage Site list has been taken to rescue the situation. The current research was conducted to find out the preparatory actions undertaken to list Bagamoyo as a World Heritage Site as well as factors delaying the process. The research went further to find out the public awareness of cultural heritage resources and the whole process of nomination. The research applied both ethnographic enquiry techniques, namely questionnaires and interviews to retrieve the information from the public. A visit to several historical sites in Bagamoyo was also conducted to supplement data obtained from the ethnographic techniques. Findings revealed that a large number of residents are aware of the existence of cultural heritage sites in Bagamoyo with little knowledge on their values. This study also reveals that the ruins and historical buildings are by themselves inadequate to serve as a strong pulling base to list the town as an endangered site without incorporating the Slave and Ivory Route. It is therefore recommended to the Antiquities Division to persuade the UNESCO through various stakeholders to declare Bagamoyo a world heritage for UNESCO World Heritage List.
International Highland Heritage Seminar in Koli National Park and National Landscape, Finland - a short summary of papers and discussion
Tea and tourism : tourists, traditions and transformations
Tourism and indigenous peoples
1000 places to see before you die
"Learning sustainability" : resite II
Made in Mexico : tradition, tourism, and political ferment in Oaxaca
Proceedings of the international seminar "Alternative tourism routes in cities of art", 24-25 June 1994, Venice, Italy
Cultural tourism in Southern Africa
Visitor management : case studies from world heritage sites
International cultural tourism : management, implications and cases
Official tourism websites : a discourse analysis perspective
Cultural itineraries in rural areas : go cultural with Pleiades!
Cultural Tourism: Perspectives of the Kainuu Region
Heritage, sport and tourism : sporting pasts - tourist futures
Cultural tourism and identity : rethinking indigeneity
Cultural tourism in Russia : a situational analysis
William Wordsworth and the invention of tourism, 1820-1900
Case studies in festival and event marketing and cultural tourism
Heritage, culture and community : four international case studies
World Heritage, Urban Design and Tourism : Three Cities in the Middle East
Cultural tourism and poverty alleviation : the Asia-Pacific perspective : Siem Reap, Cambodia, 8 June 2004; Hue, Vietnam, 11-12 June 2004
How culture affects management?
Cultural differences in spa tourism and the expectations of Finnish spa goers
Cultural routes management : from theory to practice : step-by-step guide to the Council of Europe cultural routes
Meeting Hong Kong tourism market with Finnish Products - A Case Study of Kuhmo Chamber Music Festival
Spain : journeys through the land of the builders
The island : Ireland from the air
Cultural diversity in hospitality management  : how to improve cultural diversity workforce
FUNCTIONAL ANALYSIS OF THE OGUN FESTIVAL IN ONDO, NIGERIA
Heritage tourism destinations : preservation, communication and development
CouchSurfing - a choice for travellers
North - South:  contrasts and connections in global tourism : 7th ATLAS International Conference -proceedings
Cultural heritage cooperation in the Baltic Sea States. Report 5 / editor Helena Edgren ; co-editor and co-ordinator Marianne Lehtimäki
Sustainable Cultural Tourism : small-scale solutions
Niche tourism : contemporary issues, trends and cases
Economic impact of museums
