http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14064 pastoral dissertations
pastoral dissertations
The best writing is relevant for every age. C. S. Lewis reminded us that we must always read books from different eras, to avoid our own generation's blind spots. That is why these articles by Professor T. F. Torrance, Scotland's world famous theologian, merit reading. These particular articles focus on the topics of church and ministry in light of the gospel of Christ. They have been selected, first, because they illustrate how "TF" understood his work as an academic theologian to be the calling of an evangelist to the church and to the intellectual life of the day, and, second, because they are on the whole more accessible to the average reader. The Introduction by Jock Stein relates the different chapters to the overall work of "TF," the development of his thought, and to the events of his time.
Summaries (s. 299-309).
Ministries in the church
Handbook of spirituality for ministers. Volume 1
Pastors of promise : pointing to character and hope as the keys to fruitful shepherding
Handbook of spirituality for ministers. Volume 2, Perspectives for the 21st century
The pastor as theologian : the integration of pastoral ministry, theology and discipleship
Theology of ministry
Ministry with persons with mental illness and their families
Handbook of counselling
Ministry by the book : New Testament patterns for pastoral leadership
Gospel, church, and ministry
Kicking habits : welcome relief for addicted churches
Why do Christians find it hard to grieve?
Existing congregations and denominations are so addicted to self-destructive practices that they cannot change until they admit their bondage. These practices include a hunt for doctrinal purity on the theological right, and a desire for political justice on the theological left. The answer is a complete systemic transformation of congregation or denomination, and consultant Tom Bandy offers twenty shocking truths that thriving churches have discovered. Tom Bandy helps addicted churches kick their habits with the deconstruction of the existing system, followed by an emphasis on small group ministry, multi-track worship experiences, the retraining of enabling pastors, and an abiding, relentless sensitivity toward people who are seeking a Higher Power but who have lost patience with conflicted, self-absorbed religious institutions. He argues in the final chapter, on a theology of the thriving church, that the gospel offers the culture "welcome relief," and not "good news.".
"Love greets you" : on the culture of deacony
Learning by caring : a follow-up study of participants in a specialized training program in pastoral care and counseling
Learning by caring : follow-up study of participants in a specialized training program in pastoral care and counseling
