http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14096 forensic psychiatry
forensic psychiatry
Readings in law and psychiatry
Detecting lies and deceit : pitfalls and opportunities
Prospective studies of crime and delinquency
Disordered personalities and crime : an analysis of the history of moral insanity
Medical concepts and penal policy
Juvenile delinquents : psychodynamic assessment and hospital treatment
Forensic psychotherapy : crime, psychodynamics and the offender patient
Insanity and the law : two nineteenth century classics
Fatal freedom is a defence of every individual's right to choose a voluntary death. The author, a renowned psychiatrist, believes that we can speak about suicide calmly and rationally, as he does in this book, and that we can ultimately accept suicide as part of the human condition. By maintaining statutes that determine that voluntary death is not legal, our society is forfeiting one of its basic freedoms and causing the psychiatric/medical establishment to treat individuals in a manner that is disturbingly inhumane according to Dr. Szasz. His work asks and points to clear, intelligent answers to some of the most significant ethical questions of our time: is suicide a voluntary act?; should physicians be permitted to prevent it?; should they be authorized to abet it? The author's analysis of these questions consistently holds forth patient autonomy as paramount; therefore, he argues, patients should not be prevented from exercising their free will, nor should physicians be permitted to enter the process by prescribing or providing the means of voluntary death. Dr. Szasz predicts that we will look back at our present prohibitory policies towards suicide with the same amazed disapproval with which we regard past policies toward homosexuality, masturbation and birth control. This comparison with other practices that started as sins, became crimes, then were regarded as mental illnesses, and are now becoming more widely accepted, opens up the discussion and understanding of suicide in a historical context. The book explores attitudes toward suicide held by the ancient Greeks and Romans, through early Christianity and the Reformation, to the advent of modern psychiatry and contemporary society as a whole. Our tendency to define disapproved behaviours as diseases has created a psychiatric establishment that exerts far too much influence over how and when we choose to die.
Emotion and the law : psychological perspectives
Group psychoeducation for forensic long-term patients with schizophrenia
"Forensic Psychology" provides students with an in-depth and insightful introduction to the clinical practice of forensic psychology, the assessment and treatment of individuals who interact with the legal system. This work focuses on the clinical practice of forensic psychology. It integrates research, cases, and theory that provides students with a well-balanced picture of forensic psychology. This work: incorporates two main themes, scope of practice and therapeutic jurisprudence, that focus on empirically supported clinical practice and expose students to case law and statutory law necessary in the practice of forensic psychology; utilizes real world examples and cases such as the impact of intelligence testing in the landmark Atkins vs. Virginia case that help students understand the practical role of forensic psychology; encourages an understanding of the law as a living and breathing entity, examining its ability to be therapeutic or anti-therapeutic for the people most directly affected by it; examines not only the criminal aspects of psychology and law but also civil aspects such as civil competence issues, sexual harassment claims, child custody evaluations, and personal injury cases which are often part of forensic practice; and, covers unique challenges that forensic psychologists often face clinically, legally, and ethically.
HCR-20 V3 assessing risk for violence : user guide
The international handbook of psychopathic disorders and the law: vol. 2, Laws and policies
The hidden society
Her last whisper
The international handbook of psychopathic disorders and the law: vol. 1, Diagnosis and treatment
Law and psychiatry : proceedings of an International Symposium held at the Clarke Institute of Psychiatry, Toronto, Canada, February 1977
On crime, punishment and psychiatric care : an introduction to Swedish philosophy of criminal law and forensic psychiatry
The nightmare thief
Prisons of the mind
Physiotherapy in mental health : a practical approach
HCR-20 : violence risk managament companion guide
Traumatic brain injury : methods for clinical and forensic neuropsychiatric assessment
Law and mental health : international perspectives. Vol. 2
Violent femal offenders : facts and preconceptions
Involuntary detention and therapeutic jurisprudence : international perspectives on civil commitment
Aggression and its management in adolescent forensic psychiatric care
Crime and personality
Murders and madness : medicine, law, and society in the Fin de Siècle
Psychological evaluations for the courts : a handbook for mental health professionals and lawyers
Criminal behavior : a psychological approach
Facts or fiction as evidence in court : a witness psychological analysis of a Swedish legal case of alleged cutting-up murder and child sexual abuse
Forensic psychology : research, practice, and applications
Serial killers : psychiatry, criminology and responsibility
Mental health law
Clinical assessment of dangerousness : empirical contributions
Fatal freedom : the ethics and politics of suicide
Trial by medicine : insanity and responsibility in Victorian trials
Adolescent forensic psychiatry
ADVENTURE / THRILLER. The last time criminal psychology expert Dr Charlotte 'Charlie' Stone helped capture a serial killer, it was nearly the last thing she ever did. Now she's determined to stick to research - and leave risk-taking to the law. But when dangerous duty calls, she can't refuse. And there's no greater danger than the 'Cinderella Killer', a charming predator who lures beautiful, single women to their deaths. FBI agent Lena Kaminsky fears her missing sister has fallen prey to the seductive psychopath, and desperately needs Charlie's unique skills before it's too late. Joined by Special Agents Tony Bartoli, Buzz Crane - and her ghostly bad-boy lover, Michael Garland - Charlie heads to Vegas to track down Lena's sister before the Cinderella Killer seals her fate. But it's Charlie who ends up gambling with her life, when the lethal lothario decides she's just his type ...
Law, psychiatry, and morality : essays and analysis
Law and psychiatry 2 : proceedings of the second international symposium held at the Clarke Institute of Psychiatry, Toronto, Canada, February, 1978
Forensic mental health nursing : policy, strategy and implementation
Homicidal women in Finland 1982-1992
Principles and practice of forensic psychiatry
Anglo-American insanity defence reform : the war between law and medicine
Law and psychiatry : cold war or entente cordiale
Swedish forensic psychiatric nursing care : nurse's views of values, theories and practice
Principles and practice of behavioral neurology and neuropsychology
Minds on trial : great cases in law and psychology
Justice and social interaction : experimental and theoretical contributions from psychological research
Automatism, insanity, and the psychology of criminal responsibility : a philosophical inquiry
Court-ordered insanity : interpretive practice and involuntary commitment
The reign of error : psychiatry, authority and law
Criminal science in a global society : essays in honor of Gerhard O. W. Mueller
Aggression and its Management in Adolescent Forensic Psychiatric Care
Law and psychiatry : rethinking and relationship
Explaining criminal behaviour : interdisciplinary approaches
The last time I saw her : a novel
Suggestibility in legal contexts : psychological research and forensic implications
A practical guide to forensic psychotherapy
Therapeutic relationships with offenders : an introduction to the psychodynamics of forensic mental health nursing
Law and psychiatry in the Canadian context : cases, notes and materials
Division for higher education and research : handbook on medicine and human rights : Finnish national report
Finnish pretrial fire-setting offenders : psychiatric characteristics and criminal recidivism
The trial process
Analysing witness testimony : a guide for legal practitioners and other professionals
Profiling the criminal mind : behavioral science and criminal investigative analysis
Genetics and criminality : the potential misuse of scientific information in court
Evolutionary forensic psychology : Darwinian foundations of crime and law
Cognition, metacognition and the patient perspective : new ways to evaluate and rehabilitate schizophrenia patients in forensic psychiatric care
The recovered memory/false memory debate
Psychology, law and legal processes
Party or patient? : discursive practices relating to coercion in psychiatric and legal settings
Equity and justice in social behavior
The liar's lullaby
Therapy with children : children's rights, confidentiality and the law
The law-medicine relation : a philosophical exploration
Evil or ill? : justifying the insanity defence
Forensic music therapy : a treatment for men & women in secure hospital settings
The psychology of female violence : crimes against the body
Mental health law : major issues
HCR-20 : assessing risk for violence. Version 2
From questions surrounding motives to the concept of crimes of passion, the intersection of emotional states and legal practice has long interested professionals as well as the public--recent cases involving extensive pretrial publicity, highly charged evidence, and instances of jury nullification continue to make the subject particularly timely. With these trends in mind, Emotion and the Law brings a rich tradition in social psychology into sharp forensic focus in a unique interdisciplinary volume. Emotion, mood and affective states, plus patterns of conduct that tend to arise from them in legal contexts, are analyzed in theoretical and practical terms, using real-life examples from criminal and civil cases. From these complex situations, contributors provide answers to bedrock questions--what roles affect plays in legal decision making, when these roles are appropriate, and what can be done so that emotion is not misused or exploited in legal procedures--and offer complementary legal and social/cognitive perspectives on these and other salient issues: Positive versus negative affect in legal decision making. Emotion, eyewitness memory, and false memory. The influence of emotions on juror decisions, and legal approaches to its control. A terror management theory approach to the understanding of hate crimes. Policy recommendations for managing affect in legal proceedings. Additional legal areas that can benefit from the study of emotion. Emotion and the Law clarifies theoretical grey areas, revisits current practice, and suggests possibilities for both new scholarship and procedural guidelines, making it a valuable reference for psycholegal researchers, forensic psychologists, and policymakers.
Summary.
The field of forensic arts therapies is dynamic and diverse, and so this unique volume covers a fascinating range of work. It brings together a collection of presentations given at FATAG conferences, case studies, research, new developments in theory, and explorations in the peculiarities of forensic arts therapies: art, music, drama, and dance.
Principles and practice of child and adolescent forensic mental health
Law and psychology
Dangerous behaviour, the law, and mental disorder
Reconstructing the past : the role of psychologists in criminal trials
Psychiatry and criminal culpability
Forensic art therapies : anthology of practice and research
Handbook of psychology in legal contexts
Forensic psychiatry : clinical, legal, and ethical issues
Evaluation of criminal responsibility
Psychological science in the courtroom : consensus and controversy
Contemporary psychiatric-mental health nursing
Essays on mental incapacity and criminal conduct
Mental condition defences in the criminal law
Forensic psychiatric expertise : interdisciplinary approach
Legal frontiers
