http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14073 primary health care
primary health care
Ultrasound in the management of acute rhinosinusitis patients in primary care
Managing long-term conditions and chronic illness in primary care : a guide to good practice
Fundamental nursing skills and concepts
Integration of oral care into primary healthcare
Community health promotion : challenges for practice
Participatory community research : theories and methods in action
Implementing brief alcohol intervention in primary and occupational health care
Study guide for Fundamental nursing skills and concepts, tenth edition
Generalized anxiety disorder and health care utilization
Abstract: Building therapeutic relationships with mental health clients in primary care settings: a literature review. The focus of mental health care has changed dramatically in the past few decades. More and more mental health clients are being treated outside of the clinical setting. Nurses working in primary care often feel that they lack skills necessary in the cooperative management of these clients' illnesses. The purpose of this paper was to review the literature of multiple empirical research articles to describe what a nurse-client therapeutic relationship entails, and how nurses and other healthcare workers can develop these relationships within the primary care setting. The aim of this literature review was to outline the means and ways to build and maintain therapeutic nurse-client relationships and suggest ways of implementing these methods. These concepts were derived from mental health care contexts and adapted to be beneficial to the primary healthcare setting. The literature review was implemented as an electronic database search. Databases that were used for the literature search were Your Journals @ Ovid, CINAHL and OVID Medline. The final number of relevant articles found through the electronic database search was nine. Two more studies were discovered in the references section of these articles, giving a total of eleven scientific studies that form the basis of this literature review. The data analysis process was deductive and included categorization of the emergent themes using Peplau's (1988) interpersonal theory and the phases of the nurse-client relationship as a framework. Trust and communication, with the subthemes of empathy, authenticity, listening and time, advocacy, continuity and empowerment were the themes that persistently arose from the research material. The wishes and needs in a working nurse-client relationship were expressed explicitly, and the ways and methods of building and maintaining a satisfying and therapeutic connection were described by both the nurses and the clients. The framework of Peplau's theory of interpersonal relationships and the stages of the nurse-client relationship could be seen in the data collected for the literature review, and links to the theory could be drawn from it. On a small scale, this review strengthened the idea of the therapeutic relationship being at the core of care and that Peplau's theory is still relevant, even if the terminology and focus of care have changed
Analysis of teamwork implementation in primary health care
Public health and aging : an introduction to maximizing function and well-being
Balancing : cancer from a primary care perspective : diagnosis, posttraumatic stress, and end-of-life care
Emerging theories in health promotion practice and research : strategies for improving public health
Analysing health policy : sociological approaches
Patient participation in decision making process in primary care : a conversation analytic study
Community health care nursing
Research for universal health coverage
Mindfulness-based cognitive therapy in primary care : clinical applications and analysis of the Five Facet Mindfulness Questionnaire (FFMQ)
Abstract: Emergency activity as an object of the change.
Ethnically diverse patients’ perceptions and expectations on the importance of culturally competent care in primary health care settings : A Literature Review
Family doctors ́journey to quality : the WONCA working party on quality in family medicine
Building therapeutic relationships with mental health clients in primary care settings : a literature review
Nurses' occupational stress in primary health care : evaluated in connection to organizational social context
The pocket manual of OMT : osteopathic manipulative treatment for physicians
Integrating primary health care : leading, managing, facilitating
Depressive disorders in primary health care
Introduction to community based nursing
Research methods in primary care
Budgetary control in public health care : a study about perceptions of budgetary control among clinical directors
Evaluation of communication between PHC and hospitals : national audit of referral sheets of asthma suspects in Finland
Health care in Finland
Building therapeutic relationships with mental health clients in primary care settings: a literature review
Adolescent behavior in health care services utilization and study participation
Oxford handbook of primary care and community nursing
Diabetes management in primary care
Value creation in childhood obesity care and prevention
Perusterveydenhuolto 2013 = Primärvård 2013 = Primary health care services 2013
Productivity and its drivers in Finnish primary care 1988-2003
Community health nursing : frameworks for practice
Mental health in primary care : a new approach
25 [Twenty five] questions and answers on health and human rights
Primary care of the child with a chronic condition
Boundary crossing in children's health care : negotiations between general and special practice in medicine : a research plan
Psychiatric and mental health essentials in primary care
Workplace culture in primary health care : the connection to nursing-sensitive outcomes
Developmental psychology for the helping professions : evidence-based practice in health and social care
Primary care ENT
Implementing an evidence-based hypertension guideline into Finnish primary care nursing
Hospital treatment of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease in primary and secondary health care.
Health and Modernity : the role of theory in health promotion
Peer facilitation and multifaceted intervention in guideline implementation : enhancing care of cardiovascular diseases in primary care
An introduction to international health
Promoting physical activity of working aged adults with selected personal approaches in primary health care : feasibility, effectiveness and an example of nationwide dissemination
The handbook of sexual health in primary care
Abstract: Nurses perceptions about early intervention in domestic violence: an interview study.
1. integrated sexual health services; 2. risk assessment; 3. contraception; 4. pregnancy planning; 5. abortion; 6. sexually transmitted infections; 7. HIV; 8. sexual dysfunction; 9. screening well people; 10. cervical cancer prevention in the era of HPV vaccines; 11. sexual health - learning from consumers.
Summary: Pain and other symptoms in a Finnish general population.
Dimensions of health care system quality in Finland
Objectives, actors and accountability in quasi-markets : studies of Swedish primary care
Depression in primary care : evidence and practice
The experiences and perfection of Somali clients and Finnish nurses in primary health care services
Oxford textbook of primary medical care. Volume 2, Clinical management
Perusterveydenhuolto 2012 = Primärvård 2012 = Primary health care services 2012
Memorandum of the national project on safeguarding the future of health care services
Oxford textbook of primary medical care. Volume 1, Principles and concepts
The experiences and perception of Somali clients and Finnish nurses in primary health care services
Generalized anxiety disorder (GAD) is a mental health problem, which is characterized by excessive anxiety and worry, problems that are difficult to control. In the general population, the 12-month prevalence of GAD is 2-3%, with the lifetime prevalence being about 5%. However, GAD is more prevalent among primary care utilizers i.e. approximately 5-8% of them suffer from this disorder. Earlier studies have revealed GAD to be associated with a high utilization of health care resources.There were four goals of the present study; i) to investigate the prevalence of GAD among Finnish health care high utilizers, ii) to examine the association between GAD and utilization of different health care services at the population level, iii) to determine whether there would be any association between frequent utilization of health care services, GAD and somatic symptoms and iv) to compare the costs associated with GAD in secondary care in Finland with those attributable to major depressive disorder (MDD). In addition, the Finnish translation of the 7-item GAD scale (GAD-7) was validated.In a sample (n=150) of health care high utilizers in northern Finland, the prevalence of GAD was found to be 4%; GAD-7 was a valid instrument for detecting GAD in these subjects.In Northern Finland 1966 Birth Cohort, there was a significant association between GAD and health care utilization. Those subjects who screened positive for GAD with GAD-7 made 112% more total health care visits than other individuals. The results were statistically significant when controlled for potential confounders. Both GAD symptoms and physical symptoms were risk factors for frequent attendance of health care services, and the individuals who tested positive for GAD exhibited a higher rate of physical symptoms.Secondary care costs of all patients with a new diagnosis of GAD or MDD were calculated 2 years before and after the diagnosis date using the information from the Finnish Hospital Discharge Registers and National Hospital Benchmarking Database. Patients with a history of earlier depression or anxiety disorder had markedly higher costs compared with patients without psychiatric comorbidities. The highest mean individual costs (€19,538) during the 4-year follow-up were observed among patients with new onset of GAD but with a history of other anxiety disorders or MDD.
The purpose of the study was to describe the experiences of registered nurses working in the reception of primary health care about their own abilities of recognizing and broaching violence against women in relationships. We also included the necessity of further education to the study. The material was collected by using the methods of focused interview by interviewing two registered nurses in the reception of primary health care who have been working 9-22 years. The acquired materials were analyzed by inductive material-oriented analyzing method. Results show that registered nurses experience recognition and broaching of domestic violence challenging and difficult without physical signs. Registered nurses experience that they need more charges and education about domestic violence. The use of questionnaires about violence was seen useful. Experience of domestic violence issues were seen helpful and important. Based on the results there is a small amount of further education and it was needed. Different kind of questionnaires was seen useful for broaching. In the future there could be developed a thesis as a project about recognition and broaching of domestic violence. The thesis could be a guide book or an education day. It would be also interesting to study from children ́s perspectives the experiences of living in a violent family or the effects of registered nurse ́s own background and own experiences to broaching.
Frequent attenders in primary health care : a cross-sectional study of frequent attenders' psychosocial and family factors, chronic diseases and reasons for encounter in a Finnish health centre
Evidence-based practice in primary care
Nordic health care systems : recent reforms and current policy challenges
Evaluation of the progress of primary health care reform in Estonia
A textbook of family medicine
Public health : power, empowerment and professional practice
Family doctors' journey to quality
Ten minutes for the family : systemic interventions in primary care
Community/public health nursing : promoting the health of populations
Secessions of municipal health centre federations : expenditure and productivity effects
The right to health care in several European countries : expert meeting, held in Rotterdam, Netherlands, April 27-28, 1998
Relieved after doctor's consultation? : primary health care patients' complaint-related worries
Community as partner : theory and practice in nursing
Diagnostic reasoning : case analysis in primary care practice
A systematic review of factors associated with patients' satisfaction in primary care
Integrating mental health into primary care : a global perspective
Effect of physical activity counseling on home care use in older people
Case studies in primary care : a day in the office
Summary: Research in health centres : present state and future : report by the rapporterus ad int.
Prevention in primary care : recommendations for promoting good practice
Handbook for focus on adult health : medical-surgical nursing
Nursing Practice : report of a WHO Expert Committee
Asthma programme in Finland - management of adult asthma as reflected by referral letters
The complete guide to nutrition in primary care
Cognitive behavioural therapy in primary care : a practical guide
Evaluating primary care in urban and rural settings in Cameroon
Abstract (1 s.).
Factors associated with physician job satisfaction : systematic review
Women's health in general practice
Development of country-wide strategies for implementing early identification and brief alcohol intervention (EIBI) in primary health care
The Handbook of community practice
Community health nursing : primary health care in practice
Health promotion in primary health care registered nurses' appointments
The art, science and spirit of nursing
Community and public health nursing
Public health and aging is a developing field, standing between clinical geriatrics and the demography and epidemiology of aging. It has heretofore lacked a unified treatment or single framework. This text provides such a framework and offers a first synthesis of a burgeoning literature in geriatrics, gerontology, occupational therapy, epidemiology, demography, neuropsychology, rehabilitation medicine, social work, and public policy. Key concepts and tools that define the field of public health and aging such as cohort analysis, the lifetable, age-sex pyramids and risk stratification are presented. A synthesis of the most productive measures of healthy aging, also of ""successful aging"" and frailty; sample studies; and clinical trials that address the question of age, health, and healthy old age are also included.
