http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14090 extradition of criminal offenders
extradition of criminal offenders
The implementation of the European arrest warrant in the European Union : law, policy and practice
The European arrest warrant in practice
European inter-state cooperation in criminal matters : the Council of Europe's legal instruments = La coopération inter-étatique européenne en matière pénale : les instruments juridiques du Conseil de l'Europe
The United Nations and crime prevention
Penal aspects of the UN drug conventions
Aut dedere aut judicare : the duty to extradite or prosecute in international law
Legal aspects of extradition among European states
The law of extradition and mutual assistance
European arrest warrant : a solution ahead of its time?
Mutual assistance in criminal and business regulatory matters
Problems arising from the practical application of the European Convention on Mutual Assistance in Criminal Matters
Aspects of extradition law
Enhancing international law enforcement co-operation, including extradition measures : proceedings of the workshop held at eleventh United Nations Congress on Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice, Bangkok, Thailand, 18-25 April 2005
Handbook on the European Arrest Warrant
British extradition law and procedure. by V.E. Hartley Booth, assisted by Peter Sells. Vol. 2.
Extradition in multilateral treaties and conventions
British extradition law and procedure : including extradition between the United Kingdom and foreign states, the Commonwealth and dependent countries and the Republic of Ireland. 1.
International extradition and world public order
International extradition : United States law and practice
Europeanizing Hungarian extradition law - accesing to the European Union
Inter-American Convention on Extradition, signed at Caracas, Venezuela, on February 25, 1981, at the Inter-American Specialized Conference on Extradition
Transnational fugitive offenders in international law : extradition and other mechanisms
Surrendering to international criminal courts : contemporary practice and procedures
International criminal law. Vol. 2, Procedural and enforcement mechanisms
Extradition : European standards
Mutual assistance in criminal matters : international co-operation in the investigation and prosecution of crime
Seeking promises from torturers : the use of diplomatic assurances against torture and their compatibility with the principle of non-refoulement
Extradition law handbook
Lawless world : America and the making and breaking of global rules
Extradition Act 2003 (c.41) and Crime (International Co-operation) Act 2003 (c.32) : a current law statute guide
Extradition, politics and human rights
Fundamental rights in the external activities of the European Union in the fields of justice and asylum and migration in 2003 : thematic comment no. 2
