http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14003 discussion of values
discussion of values
Human rights in Asia : a reassessment of the Asian values debate
"Few studies have fully examined Asian values in journalism and the related debate in terms of their contexts, evolution, features, limitations, contributions, and implications. Little research has comprehensively looked into the components and origins of Asian values in journalism although their existence have been sporadically investigated. Consequently, the topic has been much mystified. Placed in the theoretical framework of ideological domination and control, the book is designed to demystify the topic by addressing nine questions regarding the above-mentioned areas through documentary research and historical-comparative analysis."--Jacket.
Museums and truth
The opposite of spoiled : raising kids who are grounded, generous, and smart about money
In the shadow of freedom : life on board the oil tanker
Ideas, values and conflicts in social life : symposion in Lapland, Finland, June 2003
Democracy begins at home : parenting, empathy, and adolescents' support for democratic values
Gossip, markets and gender : the dialogical construction of morality in Kilimanjaro
The contemporary theory of the public sphere
Vocatives in present-day English
The debate on gender equality within the armed forces : a case study of Finland
Values in a time of upheaval
Interviews : an introduction to qualitative research interviewing
The impact of the nationalisation debate on the stock prices of South African mining companies : an event study
Culture and the death of God
Perspectives to doping substance use outside elite sports in Finland
Demystifying Asian values in journalism
Talk about values : conversation skills for intermediate students
Healthy sex and pop porn : pornography, feminism and the Finnish context
Intercultural communication : a reader
Sinappi, St. Petersburg and Siikaniemi : the 13th, 14th and 15th theological discussions between the Evangelical Lutheran Church of Finland and the Russian Orthodox Church
Imagining America at war : morality, politics, and film
Philosophy in a time of terror : dialogues with Jürgen Habermas and Jacques Derrida
Politics of gender : a century of women's suffrage in Finland
Dealing with differences : dramas of mediating public disputes
But what if we're wrong? : thinking about the present as if it were the past
Argumentation and critical decision making
English summary: Inner narrative, life, and change.
"But What If We're Wrong visualizes the contemporary world as it will appear to those who'll perceive it as the distant past. We live in a culture of casual certitude. This has always been the case, no matter how often that certainty has failed. Though no generation believes there's nothing left to learn, every generation unconsciously assumes that what has already been defined and accepted is (probably) pretty close to how reality will be viewed in perpetuity. And then, of course, time passes. Ideas shift. Opinions invert. What once seemed reasonable eventually becomes absurd, replaced by modern perspectives that feel even more irrefutable and secure--until, of course, they don't. But What If We're Wrong? visualizes the contemporary world as it will appear to those who'll perceive it as the distant past. Chuck Klosterman asks questions that are profound in their simplicity: How certain are we about our understanding of gravity? How certain are we about our understanding of time? What will be the defining memory of rock music, five hundred years from today? How seriously should we view the content of our dreams? How seriously should we view the content of television? Are all sports destined for extinction? Is it possible that the greatest artist of our era is currently unknown (or--weirder still--widely known, but entirely disrespected)? Is it possible that we "overrate" democracy? And perhaps most disturbing, is it possible that we've reached the end of knowledge? Kinetically slingshotting through a broad spectrum of objective and subjective problems, But What If We're Wrong? is built on interviews with a variety of creative thinkers--George Saunders, David Byrne, Jonathan Lethem, Kathryn Schulz, Neil deGrasse Tyson, Brian Greene, Junot Díaz, Amanda Petrusich, Ryan Adams, Nick Bostrom, Dan Carlin, and Richard Linklater, among others--interwoven with the type of high-wire humor and nontraditional analysis only Klosterman would dare to attempt. It's a seemingly impossible achievement: a book about the things we cannot know, explained as if we did. It's about how we live now, once "now" has become "then.""-- Provided by publisher.
China dreams : 20 visions of the future
Global ethics : an overview
Human rights and Asian values : contesting national identities and cultural representations in Asia
