http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14081 radiation safety
radiation safety
Regulatory oversight of nuclear safety in Finland : annual report 2013
The future policy for radiological protection : a stakeholder dialogue on the implications of the ICRP proposals : workshop proceedings, Lanzarote, Canary Islands, Spain, 2-4 April 2003.
Use of radiation and radiation practices in 1993 : events and statistics
The safety of nuclear installations
Abstract.
Safeguarding nuclear materials : proceedings of a symposium on the safeguarding of nuclear materials organized by the International Atomic Energy Agency and held in Vienna, 20-24 October 1975. Vol. 2.
Chernobyl : insight from the inside
Management system standards : comparison between IAEA GS-R-3 and ASME NQA-1-2008 and NQA-1a-2009 addenda
IAEA safeguards glossary
Operation of Finnish nuclear power plants : quarterly report. 2nd quarter, 1991
Protection of the environment from the effects of ionizing radiation : proceedings of an International Conference on the Protection of the Environment from the Effects of Ionizing Radiation held in Stockholm, 6-10 October 2003.
The legacy of Chernobyl
Operation of Finnish nuclear power plants : quarterly report, 4th quarter 1997
Radiation protection legislation
Bentonite in nuclear waste disposal : economical, geological and safety constraints
Research projects of STUK 2009-2011
Proceedings of the Sixth Meeting of the Task Force on Shielding Aspects of Accelerators, Targets and Irradiation Facilities : Stanford Linear Acceleration Center (SLAC), Menlo Park, CA, USA, 10-12 April 2002
The interface in nuclear safety and public health : proceedings of the Second NEA Seminar, Paris, France 12th-13th September 1990 = L'interface entre la sûreté nucléaire et la santé publique : compte rendu du Deuxième Colloque de L'AEN, Paris, France 12-13 Septembre 1990.
Environmental consequences of the Chernobyl accident and their remediation : twenty years of experience
The International Chernobyl Project : Proceedings of an International Conference held in Vienna, 21-24 May 1991 for presentation and discussion of the Technical Report
Monitoring artificial radioactivity in the Nordic countries : final report of the Nordic nuclear safety research project, BER-2
International comparison study on reactor accident consequence modeling
Journal of radiological protection
Radiation protection education in the use of mobile C-arm for the nurses
Safeguarding nuclear materials : proceedings of a symposium on the safeguarding of nuclear materials organized by the International Atomic Energy Agency and held in Vienna, 20-24 October 1975. 1.
Nuclear fuel safety criteria : technical review
Quality assurance for safety in nuclear power plants and other nuclear installations : code and safety guides Q1-Q14
Proceedings of the Workshop on Core Monitoring for Commercial Reactors : improvements in systems and methods : Stockholm, Sweden, 4-5 October 1999
Operation of Finnish nuclear power plants : quarterly report. 4th quarter, 1992, and annual summary
Operation of Finnish nuclear power plants : quarterly report, annual summary 1993.
Radiation and society : comprehending radiation risk : proceedings of an International Conference on Radiation and Society : Comprehending Radiation Risk : held in Paris, 24-28 October 1994. Vol. 2
Regulations for the safe transport of radioactive material : safety requirements
Radiation Protection on the Threshold of the 21st Century : proceedings of an NEA workshop, Paris, 11-13 January 1993 = La radioprotection au seuil du XXIe siècle : compte rendu d'une reunion de travail de l'AEN
Operation of Finnish nuclear power plants : quarterly report, 4th quarter 1998
Nuclear safety research in OECD countries : capabilities and facilities
IMDG Code : International Maritime Dangerous Goods Code : incorporating amendment 35-10. Volume 2
Scandinavian project for evidence based course in digital imaging
Executive summary (s. 7-11).
Dosimetry aspects of exposure to radon and thoron daughter products : report
Operation of Finnish nuclear power plants : quarterly report. 2nd quarter, 1990
Monitoring and data management strategies for nuclear emergencies
Nordic studies in reactor safety : final report of the Nordic Nuclear Safety Research Programme SIK
Nuclear security: global directions for the future : proceedings of an International Conference on Nuclear Security: Global Directions for the Future ... held in London, 16-18 March 2005.
Disposal of radioactive waste : review of safety assessment methods
Operation of Finnish nuclear power plants : quarterly report. 2nd quarter, 1989
Safety analysis of disposal of spent nuclear fuel
Geophysical radar method for safeguards application at Olkiluoto spent fuel disposal site in Finland
Annals of the ICRP
Operation of Finnish nuclear power plants : quarterly report : 2nd quarter 1993.
The nuclear lion : what every citizen should know about nuclear power and nuclear war
Operation of Finnish nuclear power plants : quarterly report. Second quarter, 1988
Objectives  To find out patients' wishes for the content and sources of the information concerning radiological procedures.  Methods  A questionnaire providing quantitative and qualitative data was prepared. It comprised general information, dose and risks of radiation, and source of information. Two tables demonstrating different options to indicate the dose or risks were also provided. Patients could give one or many votes. Altogether, 147 patients (18–85 years) were interviewed after different radiological examinations using these devices.  Results  95 % (139/147) of the patients wished for dose and risk information. Symbols (78/182 votes) and verbal scale (56/182) were preferred to reveal the dose, while verbal (83/164) and numerical scale (55/164) on the risk of fatal cancer were preferred to indicate the risks. Wishes concerning the course, options and purpose of the examination were also expressed. Prescriber (3.9 on a scale 1–5), information letter (3.8) and radiographer (3.3) were the preferred sources. Patients aged 66–85 years were reluctant to choose electronic channels.  Conclusions  Apart from general information, patients wish for dose and risk information in connection with radiological examinations. The majority preferred symbols to indicate dose and verbal scales to indicate risks, and the preferred source of information was the prescriber or information letter.  Key points          95 % of patients expect information on the dose and risks of radiation.        Symbols and verbal scale are preferred to indicate the dose.        Verbal and numerical scales are preferred to indicate fatal cancer risk.        Patients expect information on course, options and purpose of examination.        Prescriber, information letter and radiographer are popular sources of the overall information.
The radiation know-how of the operating theatre staff in Finland
Kaplan radiography exam: with CD-ROM
Operation of Finnish nuclear power plants : quarterly report. 1st quarter, 1992
Systematic approaches to scenario development : a report of the NEA Working Group on the Identification and Selection of Scenarios for Performance Assessment of Radioactive Waste Disposal
Operation of Finnish nuclear power plants : quarterly report. 3rd quarter, [1990]
E-learning course for effective use of DAP-meter
Head phantom as a tool to optimize radiation dose and  visualize scattered radiation in orthopantomography (OPTG)
Ympäristön säteilyvalvonta Suomessa : vuosiraportti 2004 = Strålningsövervakning av miljön i Finland : årsrapport 2004 = Surveillance of environmental radiation in Finland : annual report 2004
Abstracts : third European IRPA Congress : 14-18 June 2010, Helsinki, Finland
Radiation dose assessments for materials with elevated natural radioactivity
Practical radiation protection in healthcare
Advanced Monte Carlo computer programs for radiation transport
Summary (s. 9-12).
Preliminary concept for safeguarding spent fuel encapsulation plant in Olkiluoto, Finland : phase III report on Task FIN A 1184 of the Finnish support program to IAEA safeguards
The syrvey conducted by Finnish Radiation and Nuclear Safety Authority in 2010 indicated that radiation protection training should be improved in Finland
Transport packaging for radioactive materials : proceedings of a Seminar on Transport Packaging for Radioactive Materials
Summary (s. 1-15).
Safeguarding nuclear materials : proceedings of a Symposium on the Safeguarding of Nuclear Materials organized by the International Atomic Energy Agency and held in Vienna, 20-24 October 1975. 1.
Nuclear energy today
IMDG Code, International Maritime Dangerous Goods Code : incorporating amendment 35-10. Volume 1
The aftermath of Chernobyl : history's worst nuclear power reactor accident
OTUS : reactor inventory management system based on ORIGEN2
Operation of Finnish nuclear power plants : quarterly report, 2nd quarter 1998
Permissible dose : a history of radiation protection in the twentieth century
Advice from STUK
Proceedings of the seminar on the monitoring of radioactive effluents : Karlsruhe 1974 = Compte rendu du séminaire sur le controle des effluents radioactifs
Nuclear safeguards in Finland 2003
Ympäristön säteilyvalvonta Suomessa : vuosiraportti 2001 = Strålningsövervakning av miljön i Finland : årsrapport 2001 = Surveillance of environmental radiation in Finland : annual report 2001
Basic safety standards for radiation protection
Operation of Finnish nuclear power plants : quarterly report. 2nd quarter, 1992
Human respiratory tract model for radiological protection : a report of a task group of the International Commission on Radiological Protection
Radiation safety
Severe accident management : prevention and mitigation : report by an NEA group of experts
Optimization of radiation protection at nuclear power plants : summary report of the NKA Project RAS 10
Radiation : doses, effects, risks
Patient Safety in Undergraduate Radiography Curricula : a European Perspective
Environmental and ethical aspects of long-lived radioactive waste disposal : proceedings of an International Workshop : Paris, 1-2 September 1994
Lessons learned from accidents in industrial irradiation facilities
Proceedings of the seminar on remote handling equipment for nuclear fuel cycle facilities, Oxford, 2nd-5th October 1984 = Compte rendu du séminaire sur le matériel de télémanipulation pour les installations du cycle du combustible nucléaire, Oxford, 2-5 Octobre 1984
Operation of Finnish nuclear power plants : quarterly report, 2nd quarter 1996
Operation of Finnish nuclear power plants : quarterly report, 4th quarter 1995
Second International Nuclear Emergency Exercise INEX 2 : final report of the Hungarian regional exercise = Deuxième exercice international d'urgence INEX 2 : rapport final sur l'exercice régional hongrois
Recommendations on the transport of dangerous goods : model regulations
Operation of Finnish nuclear power plants : quarterly report, 1st quarter 1996
Neutron beams and synchrotron radiation sources
Critical flow modelling in nuclear safety : a state-of-the-art report
Operation of Finnish nuclear power plants : quarterly report, 1st quarter 1997
No immediate danger : prognosis for a radioactive earth
Practical radiation protection in healthcare / edited by Colin J. Martin, David G. Sutton
Operation of Finnish nuclear power plants : quarterly report. 3rd quarter, 1989
Radiation practices : annual report 2006
Evaluation of the Finnish nuclear safety research programme "SAFIR2014"
Operation of Finnish nuclear power plants : quarterly report. 4th quarter, 1991, and annual summary
Operation of Finnish nuclear power plants : quarterly report. 4th quarter, 1990 and annual summary
Complete guide to laboratory safety
Swedish nuclear regulatory activities : report. Vol. 1, An assessment
Safe enclosure of shut down nuclear installations
Research activities of STUK 2005-2010
Regulating the long-term safety of geological disposal of radioactive waste : practical issues and challenges : workshop proceedings, Paris, France, 28-30 November 2006
The rise of nuclear fear
Ethical aspects of radiation risk management
Executive summary (s. 9-12).
The regulation of nuclear trade : non-proliferation, supply, safety. Vol. 2, National regulations
IAEA safety glossary : terminology used in nuclear safety and radiation protection
Operation of spent fuel storage facilities
Safety improvements of Loviisa NPP : review of the history, current status and future perspectives
The safety of nuclear power : INSAG-5
International acceptance of irradiated food : legal aspects
The implementation of short-term countermeasures after a nuclear accident (stable iodine, sheltering and evacuation) : proceedings of an NEA Workshop ..., Stockholm, Sweden, 1-3 June 1994.
Operation of Finnish nuclear power plants : quarterly report. Third quarter, 1988
The state of the arctic environment : reports
NBC 2003 : symposium proceedings
Radiation safety of handheld mobile phones and base stations
Operation of Finnish nuclear power plants : quarterly report. 1st quarter, 1990
Executive summary (s. 7-8).
Summary (s. 7-17).
Radiation and environmental safety in North-West Russia : use of impact assessments and risk estimation
Operation of Finnish nuclear power plants : quarterly report. 1st quarter, [1991]
Radiation dose and radiation risk to foetuses and newborns during x-ray examinations
Nuclear safety research in OECD countries : areas of agreement, areas for further action, increasing need for collaboration
Handbook on nuclear law
Radioactive waste management in perspective : Nuclear energy and information
Radiation and society : comprehending radiation risk : proceedings of an International Conference on Radiation and Society : Comprehending Radiation Risk. Vol. 3, Addresses, papers and summaries of technical and forum discussions of the IAEA Conference, Paris, 24-28 October 1994
Information about radiation dose and risks in connection with radiological examinations : what patients would like to know
Operation of Finnish nuclear power plants : quarterly report, first quarter 1993.
Licensing and regulatory control of nuclear installations : a selection of papers presented at the Regional Seminar in Nuclear Law for Latin American Countries, Rio de Janeiro, 25-29 June 1973, and the Study Group Meeting on Regulations and Procedures for Licensing Nuclear Installations, Athens, 16-20 December 1974.
Radiological Protection of the Environment : The Path Forward to a New Policy? : NEA forum in collaboration with the International Commission on Radiological Protection (ICRP), Taormina, Sicily, Italy, 12-14 February, 2002.
Implementing severe accident management in nuclear power plants
Operation of Finnish nuclear power plants : quarterly report. 4th quarter, 1994, and annual summary
The regulation of nuclear trade : non-proliferation, supply, safety. Vol. 1, International aspects
Ympäristön säteilyvalvonta Suomessa : vuosiraportti 2005 = Strålningsövervakning av miljön i Finland : årsrapport 2005 = Surveillance of environmental radiation in Finland : annual report 2005
The nuclear barons
Radiation protection education for the users of mobile C-arm
Radiation protection
Plant modifications of general interest carried out at Loviisa nuclear power plant to improve safety
Radioactive release from Sosnovyy Bor, St. Petersburg, in March 1992
Operation of Finnish nuclear power plants : quarterly report. Fourth quarter, 1987 and the annual summary
Ethical aspects of radiation protection
Proceedings of the Specialist Meeting on Personal Dosimetry and Area Monitoring Suitable for Radon and Daughter Products, Elliot Lake, Canada 4-8 Oct. 1976 = Compte rendu d'une réunion de spécialistes sur la dosimétrie individuelle et la surveillance de l'atmosphère en ce qui concerne le radon et ses produits de filiation, Elliot Lake, Canada 4-8 Oct. 1976
Executive summary (s. 9-16).
Principles for establishing limits for the release of radioactive materials into the environment
Long-term radiological aspects of management of wastes from uranium mining and milling : report of a group experts..
Organisational factors : their definition and influence on nuclear safety : final report
Purpose: To establish an understanding of patient safety within radiography education across Europe by  surveying higher education institutions registered as affiliate members of the European Federation of  Radiographer Societies (EFRS).  Method: An online survey was developed to ascertain data on: programme type, patient safety definitions,  relevant safety topics, specific areas taught, teaching and assessment methods, levels of teaching  and curriculum drivers. Responses were identifiable in terms of educational institution and country. All  54 affiliated educational institutions were invited to participate. Descriptive and thematic analyses are  reported.  Results: A response rate of 61.1% (n ¼ 33) was achieved from educational institutions representing 19  countries. Patient safety topics appear to be extremely well covered across curricula, however, topics  including radiation protection and optimisation were not reported as being taught at an 'advanced level'  by five and twelve respondents, respectively. Respondents identified the clinical department as the  location of most patient safety-related teaching.  Conclusions: Patient safety topics are deeply embedded within radiography curricula across Europe.  Variations exist in terms of individual safety topics including, teaching and assessment methods, and the  depth in which subjects are taught. Results from this study provide a baseline for assessing developments  in curricula and can also serve as a benchmark for comparisons.
Geoval '94 : validation through model testing : proceedings of an NEA/SKI Symposium, Paris, France, 11-14 October 1994
Operation of Finnish nuclear power plants : quarterly report. 4th quarter, 1989 and annual summary
Radiation in perspective : applications, risks and protection
Ympäristön säteilyvalvonta Suomessa : vuosiraportti 2003 = Strålningsövervakning av miljön i Finland : årsrapport 2003 = Surveillance of environmental radiation in Finland : annual report 2003
Procedures for conducting probabilistic safety assessments of nuclear power plants (level 2) : accident progression, containment analysis and estimation of accident source terms
Radiological protection of patients in diagnostic and interventional radiology, nuclear medicine and radiotherapy : proceedings of an International Conference held in Malaga, Spain, 26-30 March 2001
Operation of Finnish nuclear power plants : quarterly report. First quarter, 1989
Effects of ionizing radiation. Vol. 1, UNSCEAR 2006 report to the General Assembly, with scientific annexes [A and B]
Summary (s. 7-8).
Operation of Finnish nuclear power plants : quarterly report, 1st quarter 1998
Ympäristön säteilyvalvonta Suomessa : vuosiraportti 2002 = Strålningsövervakning av miljön i Finland : årsrapport 2002 = Surveillance of environmental radiation in Finland : annual report 2002
Ympäristön säteilyvalvonta Suomessa : vuosiraportti 2007 = Strålningsövervakning av miljön i Finland : årsrapport 2007 = Surveillance of environmental radiation in Finland : annual report 2007
Operation of Finnish nuclear power plants : quarterly report. 3rd quarter, 1991
Siting of near surface disposal facilities
Radiation Act (592/91). Radiation Decree (1512/91). Supervision-of-non-ionizing-radiation Decree (1513/91)
Summary (3 s.).
The international aspects of natural and industrial catastrophes : selective bibliography = Les aspects internationaux des catastrophes naturelles et industrielles : bibliographie sélective
Summary (s. 9-10).
Operation of Finnish nuclear power plants : quarterly report, 2nd quarter 1997
Living probabilistic safety assessment for nuclear power plant management : a report by a Group of experts of the NEA Committee on the Safety of Nuclear Installations : February 1991
