http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14069 breasts
breasts
Digital mammography : a holistic approach
Multidisciplinary breast management
Fundamentals of mammography
Firefight
Feminism, breasts and breast-feeding
Unruly masses : the other side of fin-de-siècle Vienna
Role of the RNF8, UBC13, MMS2 and RAD51C DNA damage response genes and rare copy number variants in hereditary predisposition to breast cancer
Diagnostic imaging : breast
Cosmetic and reconstructive breast surgery
When the doves disappeared : a novel
The political philosophy of Michel Foucault
Multitude in motion : re-readings on the political philosophy of Thomas Hobbes
Being a young activist in the late Mubarak era : an ethnography of political engagement in Egypt
The power of habit : why we do what we do in life and business
Teaching atlas of mammography
Mitosis : a Reckoners story
Complementary imaging of solid breast lesions : contribution of ultrasonography, fine-needle aspiration biopsy, and high-field and low-field MR imaging
Nipple-sparing subcutaneous mastectomy and immediate reconstruction with implants in breast cancer
Manual of breast diseases
TRAM surgery patient's postoperative information needs : literature review
Calamity
Handbook of mammography
Breasts : a natural and unnatural history
Tsoi Yuen resistance and post-80s generation : a new wave of domestic social movement
Ultrasound diagnosis of breast diseases
Globalising resistance against war? : a critical analysis of a theoretical debate in the context of the British anti-war movement
Return of sensibility and final outcome of breast reconstructions using free transverse rectus abdominis musculocutaneous flaps
Creating a model for identification and motivation of innovation champions
Local and regional recurrences in breast cancer and Paget ́s disease of the breast
The Golem's eye
"From the #1 New York Times bestselling author comes Kristin Hannah's next novel. It is an epic love story and family drama set at the dawn of World War II. She is the author of twenty-one novels. Her previous novels include Home Front, Night Road, Firefly Lane, Fly Away, and Winter Garden"--
Diseases of the breast
Steelheart
The prognostic role of matrix metalloproteinases MMP-2 and -9 and their tissue inhibitors TIMP-1 and -2 in primary breast carcinoma
Casting type calcifications : sign of a subtype with deceptive features
<em>PALB2</em> and <em>RAP80</em> genes in hereditary breast cancer predisposition
The Mama programme for breast cancer control : the effect of a comprehensive breast self-examination screening programme on compliance and on mortality from breast cancer
Objectives    This study aims to identify European radiographers' challenges in clinical performance in mammography and the main areas of mammography that require more and better training.      Methods    An extensive search was performed to identify relevant studies focused on clinical practice, education and training in mammography published between January 2010 and December 2015 in the English language. The data were analysed by using deductive thematic analysis.      Results    A total of 27 full text articles were read, evaluating their quality. Sixteen articles out of 27 were finally selected for this integrative review. The main challenges of radiographers' mammography education/training can be divided into three groups: training needs, challenges related to radiographers, and challenges related to the organization of education. The most common challenges of clinical performance in mammography among European radiographers involved technical performance, the quality of practices, and patient-centeredness.      Conclusions    The introduction of harmonized mammography guidelines across Europe may serve as an evidence-based tool to be implemented in practice and education. However, the variability in human and material resources as well as the different cultural contexts should be considered during this process.
ACR BI-RADS® Atlas : breast imaging reporting and data system
Master breasts : objectified, aestheticized, fantasized, erotized, feminized by photography's most titillating masters
The breastfeeding answer book
IT integration after an acquisition or a merger : how corporations could enhance their IT acquisition integration processes
Oxidative stress in breast and gynaecological carcinogenesis
A complex delight : the secularization of the breast, 1350-1750
Missing the breast : gender, fantasy, and the body in the German Enlightenment
The breastfeeding atlas
The lady and the peacock : the life of Aung San Suu Kyi
Diagnostic breast imaging : mammography, sonography, magnetic resonance imaging, and interventional procedures
Desire to belong : contesting the view of Irish travellers as Deleuzian and Guattarian nomads
Bioactivation and physiological role of steroid fatty acyl esters in adipose tissue
Charles de Gaulle & the French resistance : a case study on the legitimacy and contention of a resistance and its leader
'The site strikes back' : multi-level forest governance and participation in northern Finland
Notes from underground
Mammography and breast imaging : just the facts
"Viann and Isabelle have always been close despite their differences. Younger, bolder sister Isabelle lives in Paris while Viann lives a quiet and content life in the French countryside with her husband Antoine and their daughter. When World War II strikes and Antoine is sent off to fight, Viann and Isabelle's father sends Isabelle to help her older sister cope. As the war progresses, it's not only the sisters' relationship that is tested, but also their strength and their individual senses of right and wrong. With life as they know it changing in unbelievably horrific ways, Viann and Isabelle will find themselves facing frightening situations and responding in ways they never thought possible as bravery and resistance take different forms in each of their actions. Vivid and exquiste in its illumination of a time and place that was filled with great monstrosities, but also great humanity and strength, Kristin Hannah's novel will provoke thought and discussion that will have readers talking long after they turn the last page"--
Palpable lumps of the mammary gland
Organization change : creating new business line merging two corporation’s units into one
The dose and image quality in mammography practice in Finland
Expert system implementation : Managing change in an international expert system implemention process
The sleeping dictionary
NURSES` PERCEPTION OF THEIR KNOWLEDGE AND EXPERTISE IN BREAST CANCER CARE
The light ages
A history of the breast
Breast imaging and reporting data system (ACR BI-RADS) : breast imaging atlas : mammography, breast ultrasound, magnetic resonance imaging
Surgical reconstruction, locally recurrent breast cancer and angiosarcoma
Free microvascular TRAM flaps for breast reconstruction : the first 50 patients
"This publication, the third edition of Mammographic Imaging: A Practical Guide, retains information on analog mammography, builds upon ongoing developments for breast imaging, and introduces new trends in the field of breast imaging. Specifically, there are five chapters related to digital mammography that address digital technology (machines, image acquisition, image manipulation, and storage), QC, comparisons to imaging with analog mammography, and changes in workflow for the mammography technologist"--Provided by publisher.
Digital Mammography : a Holistic Approach
Free PAPP-A : a novel marker in acute coronary syndrome patients
Battle lines in the Chinese blogosphere : keyword control as a tactic in managing mass incidents
Atlas of breast pathology
European Radiographers' Challenges from Mammography Education and Clinical Practice : an Integrative Review
Breastfeeding : a guide for the medical profession
Managing change in libraries and information services
Immediate breast reconstructions in the treatment of breast cancer
Genetic and molecular background of ascending aortic aneurysms
Cuttingedge
Body of power, spirit of resistance : the culture and history of a South African people
The griff : a graphic novel
Preoperative axillary staging in invasive breast cancer
The zookeeper's wife : a war story
The globalization reader
Optimization of immunofluorescence protocols for detection of biomarkers in colorectal and breast cancer tissues
Activator protein -2 in breast cancer : relation to cell growth, differentiation and cell-matrix interactions
The invisible girls : a memoir
The effects of reduction mammaplasty
Tissue microarray technology in breast cancer subtyping
The TRAM flap for breast reconstruction : studies on perioperative cutaneous blood flow, vasoconstriction, and indices of obesity
Fracture me. Book 2
"The thoroughly revised and expanded 4th edition of the bestselling "Teaching Atlas of Mammography" contains a significant number of new cases. Based on 40 years of experience, the superbly illustrated cases often show long-term follow-up of patients over a period of up to 25 years. Rather than starting with the diagnosis and demonstrating typical findings, the approach of this atlas is to teach the reader and allow him to practice through 154 paradigm cases: how to systematically review mammograms for even the most subtle hints of malignancy, and how to carefully analyze and evaluate the mammographic signs to reach the correct diagnosis. Still unique to this book is the correlation of imaging findings with the corresponding large thin-section and subgross, large thick-section (3D) histology to facilitate an understanding of the pathological processes leading to the mammographic appearances. This approach is the basis for a profound understanding of breast imaging because it is a direct and effective method of teaching differential diagnosis of benign and malignant breast diseases"--Provided by publisher.
Natural born heroes : how a daring band of misfits mastered the lost secrets of strength and endurance
All the light we cannot see : a novel
Role of the <em>RNF8</em>, <em>UBC13</em>, <em>MMS2</em> and <em>RAD51C</em> DNA damage response genes and rare copy number variants in hereditary predisposition to breast cancer
Optimization of siRNA transfection for breast and glioma cancer cell cultures
Breast imaging
This up-to-date, evidence-based book covers the whole range of mammography and mammography-related techniques used in practice, and also the rapid and increasingly sophisticated evolution of mammographic clinical practice and technology. A wide range of topics, from the psychological and emotional support required from the practitioner to all aspects of screening and symptomatic mammographic imaging, are discussed. Digital Mammography: A Holistic Approach is aimed at radiographers, technicians, technologists, physicists, nurses and medical practitioners worldwide, and enables the reader to gain a better understanding of techniques, equipment and anatomy.
Support for women with breast cancer, and for the district and hospital nurses involved : an intervention study
Eagles at war
Breastfeeding and human lactation
Nearing the end of a Third Age of Industry fueled by a magical substanced named aether, Robert Borrow, the son of a guildsman, becomes involved in a revolution to end a society based on inequality, greed, and corruption
ATM, ATR and Mre11 complex genes in hereditary susceptibility to breast cancer
A transcultural view of women living with breast cancer: living with an uncertain certainty : a systematic literature review
Surgical advances in plastic surgery
Butcher and bolt
The effects of estradiol, androgens and the selective estrogen modulators : ospemifene, raloxifene and tamoxifen on explant cultures of human breast tissue
Computer-assisted diagnosis of breast calcifications
WHO classification of tumours of the breast
Globalizing resistance against war? : a critical analysis of the theoretical debate through a case study of the "new" anti-war movement in Britain
A transcultural view of women living with breast cancer : living with an uncertain certainty : a systematic literature review
Multidisciplinary atlas of breast surgery
The reversed social gradient : higher breast cancer mortality in the higher educated compared to lower educated : a comparison of 11 European populations during the 1990s
The nightingale
Abstract: Breast cancer is one of the main leading causes of death among women worldwide. In finland around 4 000 new cases are being diagnosed every year. Because the amount of foreigners is growing at the same time, part of these newly diagnosed cases are among foreign women. That is why we need to be more aware of their needs. The purpose of this literature review was to explore women's, whose cultural background varies, experiences of breast cancer and how they cope with it.    The literature review was based on scientific research articles. The data was collected by using a systematic literature review. The data was collected by using database search and manual search at the school libarary. Altogether 10 articles were found. The articles included studies from Pakistan, Brazil, United States, Norway, Chine, Iran, Chile, Australia and Lebanon. All of the 10 scientific articles were analyzed by using inductive content analysis.    The findings of this literature review showed many similarities among the women regardless of the women's origins. 'Time of diagnosis a huge shock' and 'wanting to hide the diagnosis' were themes that emerged from the majority of the studies. The countries where religion greatly influenced every day life, religion was concidered one of the main aspects of coping. Family's support was also mentioned as crucial during the coping period throughout the studies.    The articles showed that even the women, whose origins are the same, are not a homogeneous group, eventhough this literature review was concentrating more on the similarities women from different cultures have. Every woman is an individual and should always be treated according to her individual needs. Each woman diagnosed with breast cancer is an individual and that is why the experience is unique as well.
The Bees : a novel
Analysis of regulated genes of BMP4 signaling in breast cancer cell lines
Sequelae in the abdominal wall after pedicled or free TRAM flap surgery
Polymorphic low penetrance genes and breast cancer : the role of genes involved in metabolism of xenobiotics, estrogens and reactive oxygen species
Regulators of hypoxia response and the cell cycle in breast cancer
Mammographic imaging : a practical guide
Association of Breast cancer symptoms findings with the occurrence of Breast cancer
Hereditary predisposition to breast cancer – with a focus on <em>AATF</em>, <em>MRG15</em>, <em>PALB2</em>, and three Fanconi anaemia genes
Hearing voices and seeing things : interpretative discomfort in reading the impersonal narration of Eliot, Joyce, Meri, Mansfield and Woolf
"Breastfeeding and Human Lactation, Fifth Edition continues as the leading reference for the latest clinical techniques and research findings that direct evidence-based clinical practice for lactation consultants and specialists. Thoroughly updated and revised with current research, refences, and photos, it contains a clear clinical focus with more than 2,000 research studies supporting the clinical recommendations found in the text. Topics include placing breastfeeding in its historical context, workplace-related issues, anatomical and biological imperatives of lactation, the prenatal and perinatal periods, and concerns during the postpartum period, the mother's health, and sociocultural issues. With contributions from the foremost experts in the field, Breastfeeding and Human Lactation, Fifth Edition is also an excellent resource to prepare for certification and practice as an International Board Certified Lactation Consultant (IBCLC). Included with each new print book is an Access Code for a Navigate companion Website containing a key image review."--back cover.
Support and seduction : the history of corsets and bras
BRCA/Fanconi anemia pathway genes in hereditary predisposition to breast cancer
"Encompassing the entire spectrum of breast imaging and diagnostics, this acclaimed text provides a systematic and pragmatic guide for all clinicians involved in diagnosing breast disease. The new third edition has been fully updated to include advances in mammography, ultrasound, breast MRI, percutaneous interventions, and emerging technologies, with pros and cons and evidence-based approaches throughout. Special features of the third edition: Coverage of the field, with comprehensive sections on examination procedures and technical requirements; histologic, clinical, and radiologic appearance of a wide range of breast pathologies; results of international screening studies; and much more. Nearly 1,200 clear radiographic images showing normal findings, benign and malignant disorders, and post-traumatic, post-surgical, and post-therapeutic changes to the breast. Innovations in digital mammography, tomosynthesis, and computer assisted detection (CAD); new chapters on imaging of implants, lesions of uncertain malignant potential, developing technologies; and more. A systematic, highly reproducible methodology for detection, diagnosis, and assessment of findings. Easy-to-follow flowcharts for the diagnostic work-up of both typical and atypical cases. Written by world-renowned authorities with decades of clinical experience, this book provides a brilliant orientation to the multimodality diagnostic approach and therapeutic significance of breast imaging findings. It is an essential reference and board review for radiologists, residents and fellows, gynecologists, oncologists, surgeons, technologists, and any other interdisciplinary specialist working to improve outcomes in breast disease"--Provided by publisher.
