http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14070 chest
chest
Choices in breast cancer treatment : medical specialists and cancer survivors tell you what you need to know
Firefight
Breast cancer
The writer's metamorphosis : tropes of literary reflection and revision
Unruly masses : the other side of fin-de-siècle Vienna
Palpable lumps of the mammary gland : examination by mammography, palpation and inspection, sonography and fine-needle biopsy
When the doves disappeared : a novel
The political philosophy of Michel Foucault
Multitude in motion : re-readings on the political philosophy of Thomas Hobbes
Humour and social protest
Being a young activist in the late Mubarak era : an ethnography of political engagement in Egypt
The power of habit : why we do what we do in life and business
Mitosis : a Reckoners story
Sobotta atlas of human anatomy. Volume 2, Thorax, abdomen, pelvis, lower limb
Nipple-sparing subcutaneous mastectomy and immediate reconstruction with implants in breast cancer
Selected biographies of Marimekko designers
Manual of breast diseases
IV Scandinavian Breast Cancer Symposium, Haikko Manor, June 3-5, 1991, Porvoo, Finland
Calamity
Handbook of mammography
Tsoi Yuen resistance and post-80s generation : a new wave of domestic social movement
Ultrasound diagnosis of breast diseases
Globalising resistance against war? : a critical analysis of a theoretical debate in the context of the British anti-war movement
Creating a model for identification and motivation of innovation champions
The Golem's eye
"From the #1 New York Times bestselling author comes Kristin Hannah's next novel. It is an epic love story and family drama set at the dawn of World War II. She is the author of twenty-one novels. Her previous novels include Home Front, Night Road, Firefly Lane, Fly Away, and Winter Garden"--
Case studies in geriatrics
Steelheart
The prognostic role of matrix metalloproteinases MMP-2 and -9 and their tissue inhibitors TIMP-1 and -2 in primary breast carcinoma
Casting type calcifications : sign of a subtype with deceptive features
Pocket atlas of cross-sectional anatomy : computed tomography and magnetic resonance imaging. Vol. 2, Thorax, abdomen and pelvis
<em>PALB2</em> and <em>RAP80</em> genes in hereditary breast cancer predisposition
Objectives    This study aims to identify European radiographers' challenges in clinical performance in mammography and the main areas of mammography that require more and better training.      Methods    An extensive search was performed to identify relevant studies focused on clinical practice, education and training in mammography published between January 2010 and December 2015 in the English language. The data were analysed by using deductive thematic analysis.      Results    A total of 27 full text articles were read, evaluating their quality. Sixteen articles out of 27 were finally selected for this integrative review. The main challenges of radiographers' mammography education/training can be divided into three groups: training needs, challenges related to radiographers, and challenges related to the organization of education. The most common challenges of clinical performance in mammography among European radiographers involved technical performance, the quality of practices, and patient-centeredness.      Conclusions    The introduction of harmonized mammography guidelines across Europe may serve as an evidence-based tool to be implemented in practice and education. However, the variability in human and material resources as well as the different cultural contexts should be considered during this process.
Adult students get international on the net
IT integration after an acquisition or a merger : how corporations could enhance their IT acquisition integration processes
Oxidative stress in breast and gynaecological carcinogenesis
The lady and the peacock : the life of Aung San Suu Kyi
Desire to belong : contesting the view of Irish travellers as Deleuzian and Guattarian nomads
The vulnerable brain and very preterm infants : findings from the PIPARI-study
Marimekko : fabrics, fashion, architecture
Charles de Gaulle & the French resistance : a case study on the legitimacy and contention of a resistance and its leader
'The site strikes back' : multi-level forest governance and participation in northern Finland
Notes from underground
"Viann and Isabelle have always been close despite their differences. Younger, bolder sister Isabelle lives in Paris while Viann lives a quiet and content life in the French countryside with her husband Antoine and their daughter. When World War II strikes and Antoine is sent off to fight, Viann and Isabelle's father sends Isabelle to help her older sister cope. As the war progresses, it's not only the sisters' relationship that is tested, but also their strength and their individual senses of right and wrong. With life as they know it changing in unbelievably horrific ways, Viann and Isabelle will find themselves facing frightening situations and responding in ways they never thought possible as bravery and resistance take different forms in each of their actions. Vivid and exquiste in its illumination of a time and place that was filled with great monstrosities, but also great humanity and strength, Kristin Hannah's novel will provoke thought and discussion that will have readers talking long after they turn the last page"--
Chest and shoulders
Organization change : creating new business line merging two corporation’s units into one
The dose and image quality in mammography practice in Finland
Expert system implementation : Managing change in an international expert system implemention process
The sleeping dictionary
NURSES` PERCEPTION OF THEIR KNOWLEDGE AND EXPERTISE IN BREAST CANCER CARE
The light ages
Democracy and disobedience
Free PAPP-A : a novel marker in acute coronary syndrome patients
Battle lines in the Chinese blogosphere : keyword control as a tactic in managing mass incidents
European Radiographers' Challenges from Mammography Education and Clinical Practice : an Integrative Review
Breast cancer advocacy
Breastfeeding : a guide for the medical profession
Managing change in libraries and information services
Immediate breast reconstructions in the treatment of breast cancer
The Mama programme for breast cancer control
Genetic and molecular background of ascending aortic aneurysms
Body of power, spirit of resistance : the culture and history of a South African people
The griff : a graphic novel
The zookeeper's wife : a war story
Preoperative axillary staging in invasive breast cancer
The globalization reader
Optimization of immunofluorescence protocols for detection of biomarkers in colorectal and breast cancer tissues
Activator protein -2 in breast cancer : relation to cell growth, differentiation and cell-matrix interactions
The invisible girls : a memoir
Tissue microarray technology in breast cancer subtyping
Fracture me. Book 2
Natural born heroes : how a daring band of misfits mastered the lost secrets of strength and endurance
All the light we cannot see : a novel
Role of the <em>RNF8</em>, <em>UBC13</em>, <em>MMS2</em> and <em>RAD51C</em> DNA damage response genes and rare copy number variants in hereditary predisposition to breast cancer
Optimization of siRNA transfection for breast and glioma cancer cell cultures
Woman to woman : breast cancer and reconstruction options
Eagles at war
Nearing the end of a Third Age of Industry fueled by a magical substanced named aether, Robert Borrow, the son of a guildsman, becomes involved in a revolution to end a society based on inequality, greed, and corruption
Pocket radiologist : chest : top 100  diagnoses
ATM, ATR and Mre11 complex genes in hereditary susceptibility to breast cancer
Abstract.
A transcultural view of women living with breast cancer: living with an uncertain certainty : a systematic literature review
Butcher and bolt
The effects of estradiol, androgens and the selective estrogen modulators : ospemifene, raloxifene and tamoxifen on explant cultures of human breast tissue
Partners in hope : a man`s guide to women`s breast cancer
Globalizing resistance against war? : a critical analysis of the theoretical debate through a case study of the "new" anti-war movement in Britain
A transcultural view of women living with breast cancer : living with an uncertain certainty : a systematic literature review
The reversed social gradient : higher breast cancer mortality in the higher educated compared to lower educated : a comparison of 11 European populations during the 1990s
The nightingale
Photographic atlas of practical anatomy. 2 [part 1], Neck, head, back, chest, upper extremities
Abstract: Breast cancer is one of the main leading causes of death among women worldwide. In finland around 4 000 new cases are being diagnosed every year. Because the amount of foreigners is growing at the same time, part of these newly diagnosed cases are among foreign women. That is why we need to be more aware of their needs. The purpose of this literature review was to explore women's, whose cultural background varies, experiences of breast cancer and how they cope with it.    The literature review was based on scientific research articles. The data was collected by using a systematic literature review. The data was collected by using database search and manual search at the school libarary. Altogether 10 articles were found. The articles included studies from Pakistan, Brazil, United States, Norway, Chine, Iran, Chile, Australia and Lebanon. All of the 10 scientific articles were analyzed by using inductive content analysis.    The findings of this literature review showed many similarities among the women regardless of the women's origins. 'Time of diagnosis a huge shock' and 'wanting to hide the diagnosis' were themes that emerged from the majority of the studies. The countries where religion greatly influenced every day life, religion was concidered one of the main aspects of coping. Family's support was also mentioned as crucial during the coping period throughout the studies.    The articles showed that even the women, whose origins are the same, are not a homogeneous group, eventhough this literature review was concentrating more on the similarities women from different cultures have. Every woman is an individual and should always be treated according to her individual needs. Each woman diagnosed with breast cancer is an individual and that is why the experience is unique as well.
The Bees : a novel
Marimekko : fabrics fashion architecture
Analysis of regulated genes of BMP4 signaling in breast cancer cell lines
Polymorphic low penetrance genes and breast cancer : the role of genes involved in metabolism of xenobiotics, estrogens and reactive oxygen species
Regulators of hypoxia response and the cell cycle in breast cancer
Association of Breast cancer symptoms findings with the occurrence of Breast cancer
Hereditary predisposition to breast cancer – with a focus on <em>AATF</em>, <em>MRG15</em>, <em>PALB2</em>, and three Fanconi anaemia genes
Realisation of a clinical guideline for chest pain patients in paramedic care based on documentation
BRCA/Fanconi anemia pathway genes in hereditary predisposition to breast cancer
