http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14016 spring water
spring water
Anaerobic treatment of municipal solid waste and sludge for energy production and recycling of nutrients : the second Nordic Workshop, 1-2 october 1992, Joensuu, Finland
Open Source Automation for Hydroponics : Design, Construction, Programming and Testing
Essentials of energy technology : sources, transport, storage, and conservation
Building services handbook
Traditional garden decoration
Hydropower Reservoir and Sedimentation : A Study of Nam Ngum Reservoir
Energy harvesting : solar, wind, and ocean energy conversion systems
Renewable energy and climate change
Engineering in the ancient world
Incredible earth
Water features for small gardens
The off-grid energy handbook
Water garden : idea book : ponds & pools, fountains, waterfalls, containers & urns, plants & landscaping
Physics of the environment
Overview of water services in Finland, Norway, Scotland, Northern Ireland and Ireland
Stronger than a hundred men : a history of the vertical water wheel
New green home solutions : renewable household energy and sustainable living
Groundwater and factors affecting its quality : examples from the Rovaniemi district of northern Finland and western Nicaragua
Renewable energy : a user's guide
Renewable energy : a first course
The Roman water pump : unique evidence for Roman mastery of mechanical engineering
Directory of fisheries and aquaculture information resources in Africa = Répertoire des sources d'information sur la pêche et l'aquaculture en Afrique
Groundwater as an energy resource in Finland
A study of the water infrastructure of Renaissance Rome. It offers a fresh understanding of how technological and scientific developments in aqueduct and fountain architecture helped turn a medieval backwater into the preeminent city of early modern Europe.
Renewable energy for your home : using off-grid energy to reduce your footprint, lower your bills and be more self-sufficient
Impacts on the energy sector and adaptation of the electricity network business under a changing climate in Finland
Essentials of Energy Technology : Sources, Transport, Storage and Conservation
Water lifting devices : a handbook for users and choosers
The complete guide to finishing touches for yards & gardens
Studies on the detection methods of Campylobacter and faecal indicator bacteria in drinking water
Ten technologies to fix energy and climate
Alternative energy : an introduction to alternative & renewable energy sources
This thesis was born out of the idea to make hydroponic food growing easier and cheaper, hydroponics is essentially the growing of plants without the use of soil. The idea of it being open source is also in keeping with the general community feeling surrounded by the hydroponic movement. The objective of the thesis was to create a working hydroponic controller, which is cheap and simple enough to build. It will monitor and control the key environmental ingredients needed for successful hydroponic growing, chiefly the pH, EC, air and water levels. Visual alarms will be raised if these go outside of predefined ranges. The controller will also be able to control external HW, such as lights, water heater and a water pump. A circuit board was developed, which will act as a shield for an Arduino 2560 board. The circuit board will help in the ease of building the system. It acts too, as a way of keeping the HW more stable, as wires will not come loose and interference will be minimised. The SW and HW design will be available for everyone to download. Knowledge of what is important in hydroponic growing was considered and these factors were used as inputs into driving the SW and HW requirements. UI usability studies were carried out to ensure that the controller would be enjoyable to use. Software design and software patterns were taken into use to make the SW more module and expandable. Investigation into any third party SW libraries was done and consideration into licensing was carried out. This thesis details the HW and SW and why certain design decisions were made. The design of the SW classes are also described as well as the overall functioning of the SW. An explanation of how to build the system is also given.
The design and implementation of a hydroponics control system
Perspectives of renewable energy resources utilization in Karelian fuel-energy balance : proceedings of the First International Seminar, 4.-7- April, 1993, Petrozavodsk, Russia
Design like you give a damn: building change from the ground up
Fundamentals of renewable energy processes
Memory of water
Water for agriculture and energy in Africa : the challanges of climate change : report of the ministerial conference 15-17 December 2008, Sirte, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya
Biofuels, solar and wind as renewable energy systems : benefits and risks
Introduction to reneweable energy
Renewable energy : the facts
Resilient energy systems : renewables: wind, solar, hydro
New renewable energy resources : a guide to the future
Integration of alternative sources of energy
Renewable and alternative energy resources : a reference handbook
Offshore renewable energy : accelerating the deployment of offshore wind, tidal and wave technologies
Garden DIY water features
Systems analysis for sustainable engineering : theory and applications
Renewable energy resources
Renewable energy : market & policy trends in IEA countries
Sustainable energy : choosing among options
Renewable energy : sustainable energy concepts for the future
Taking the waters : spirit, art, sensuality
Harvesting Condensed Water in Dry Areas
Principles of sustainable energy
Executive summary (s. 9-15).
Garden pools : fountain & waterfalls
Handbook of renewable energies in the European Union II : case studies of all accession states
Energy : the basics
Energy : a guidebook
Production of oleaginous microbial biomass by reusing wastewaters
Impact of micro hydropower (MHP) based electrification on rural livelihoods : case study Nam Mong in Luang Prabang province, Lao PDR
Alternative water sources and wastewater management
Alternative energy resources : the quest for sustainable energy
Fueling our future : an introduction to sustainable energy
Prospects for sustainable energy : a critical assessment
Perspectives of renewable energy resources utilization in Karelian fuel-energy balance : proceedings of the first international seminar, 4.-7. April, 1993, Petrozavodsk, Russia. Vol. 2
The Design and Implementation of a Hydroponics Control System
Renewable energy engineering and technology : principles and practice
Economic perspectives and social acceptance of possible increase in the small scale hydropower plants in Finland
Report of and papers presented at the Regional Workshop on Networking for Improved Access to Fisheries and Aquaculture Information in Africa : Grahamstown, South Africa, 3-7 November 2003 = Rapport de et documents présentés à L'atelier régional sur le renforcement du réseau pour l'accès à l'information sur la pêche et l'aquaculture en Afrique : Grahamstown, Afrique du Sud, 3-7 novembre 2003.
Renewable energy : sources for fuels and electricity
Environmental physics : sustainable energy and climate change
Renewable energy applications for freshwater production
Herculane : touristic model
Earth matters
Water features for the garden : including 16 easy-to-build projects
The waters of Rome : aqueducts, fountains, and the birth of the Baroque city
Renewable energy conversion, transmission, and storage
Renewable energy ; power for a sustainable future
Wells of experience : a pastoral land-use history of Omaheke, Namibia
Energy survival guide : insight and outlook
Perspectives of renewabl[e] energy resources utilization in Karelian fuel-energy balance : proceedings of the first International Seminar. Volume 2, 4. - 7. April, 1993, Petrozavodsk, Russia
Renewable energy : its physics, engineering, use, environmental impacts, economy and planning aspects
Energy in the 21st century
Renewables in Russia : from opportunity to reality
Energy : present knowledge, future trends
Drainage principles and applications
