http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14005 Hinduism
Hinduism
The case of the man who died laughing : from the files of Vish Puri, "most private investigator"
Ash Mistry and the city of death
Dance images in temples of mainland Southeast Asia
Transcending jurisprudence : a critique of the architectonics of international law
The perception of the elements in the Hindu tradition = La perception des éléments dans les traditions hindoues
The Yoga Sutra of Patanjali : a biography
"Indian Asceticism attempts explores the interrelated discourses and narratives relating tales of Indian ascetics exhibiting various types of powers. The literary evidence also suggests interconnections between these powers and related phenomena, such as violence, demonic, and language. These types of elements are also intertwined with ludic elements, such as the erotic, comic, and miracles"--
Ways of hinduism
What is Hinduism?
Vastu vidya : the Indian art of replacement
The gospel and renascent Hinduism
Principles of Tantra : the Tantratattva of Śrīyukta Śiva Candra Vidyārnava Bhattacārya Mahodaya
The Hindu view of life : Upton lectures delivered at Manchester College, Oxford, 1926
"Exploring the connections between Hindu mythology and caste in India through Sanskrit and vernacular texts, performances, and visual media, Crossing the Lines of Caste offers a cultural-historical analysis of the legends of Visvamitra. It reveals how and why mythological culture has played an active, dialogical role in the construction of Brahmin social power for more than three thousand years"--
Dialogue in early South Asian religions : Hindu, Buddhist, and Jain traditions
Bhagavad Gita and its message
Kaleidoscope city : a year in Varanasi
The Bhagavad Gita
Tales from the Upanishads
Ritual participation and interreligious dialogue : boundaries, transgressions, and innovations
The world's religions : understanding the living faiths
Hinduism and Christianity
Nine lives : in search of the sacred in modern India
Saints and householders : a study of Hindu ritual and myth among the Kangra Rajputs
The great liberation
Song of Kali
Ash Mistry and the savage fortress
Island
Global Bollywood : travels of Hindi song and dance
The Skanda-Purāna. Part 10
South Asian transnationalisms : cultural exchange in the twentieth century
Sri Aurobindo birth centenary library : de luxe edition. 16, The supramental manifestation and other writings
Classical Hindu mythology : a reader in the Sanskrit Purāṇas
Mahabharatha : a child's view
The sadhs
The circle of stars
The world's religions
Dharmakośaḥ : Vyavahārakāṇḍam = Dharmakośa. Vol. 1, part 3, Vivādapadāni = Titles of law
The Tantric body : the secret tradition of Hindu religion
One million mandalas : for you to create, print and colour
The compact guide to world religions
India : five thousand years of Indian art
The crown of Hinduism
Swaminarayan Hinduism : tradition, adaptation and identity
Principles of Hindu law : [including The Special Marriage Act, 1954]
The atlas of world religions
The greatness of Saturn : a therapeutic mythic
Satisfaction guaranteed
I am a Hindu
Tales of Narada
Bhagavad Gita : the beloved Lord's secret love song
"What does it mean to be a Brahmin, and what could it mean to become one? Over the years, intellectuals and dogmatists have offered plenty of answers to the first question, but the latter presents a cultural puzzle, since normative Brahminical ideology deems it impossible for an ordinary individual to change caste without first undergoing death and rebirth. There is, however, one notable figure in the Hindu mythological tradition who is said to have transformed himself from a king into a Brahmin by amassing great ascetic power, or tapas: the ornery sage Visvamitra. Through texts composed in Sanskrit and vernacular languages, oral performances, and visual media, Crossing the Lines of Caste examines the rich mosaic of legends about Visvamitra found across the Hindu mythological tradition. It offers a comprehensive historical analysis of how the "storyworlds" conjured up through these various tellings have served to adapt, upgrade, and reinforce the social identity of real-world Brahmin communities, from the ancient Vedic past up to the hypermodern present. Using a performance-centered approach to situate the production of the Visvamitra legends within specific historical contexts, Crossing the Lines of Caste reveals how and why mythological culture has played an active, dialogical role in the construction of Brahmin social power over the last three thousand years"--
The churning of the ocean
The cultural heritage of India. Volume IV : The philosophies / editor Haridas Bhattacharyya ; introduction by Bhagavan Das
Am I a hindu? : the Hinduism primer
Spritual science. Part 1, Evolution of the human soul : Part II: Universal principles for a universal religion
The essential teachings of Hinduism : [daily readings from the sacred texts]
The Hindu temple
Hindutva movements in the West : resurgent Hinduism and the politics of diaspora
Indian asceticism : power, violence, and play
Dhammaan noocyada caqiidooyinka = All kinds of beliefs
The gift
The collector of worlds
Ganesha's sweet tooth
Hindu symbology : and other essays
Hinduism : a way of life
Hinduism : a reader
The Skanda-Purāṇa. Part 19
Fundamentals of Hinduism : a basic text
Banaras : urban forms and cultural histories
Lighting a lamp : a Divali story
World cultures and world regions : the coming dialogue
The great work of your life : a guide for the journey to your true calling
Indian female gurus in contemporary Hinduism : a study of central aspects and expressions of their religious leadership
The philosophies of Asia : the edited transcripts
Khrishna and Narakasura
Hindu astrology : myths symbols and realities
Hindu epics, myths, and legends in popular illustrations
The east : Buddhists, Hindus and the sons of heaven
A faith like mine : a celebration of the world's religions : seen through the eyes of children
All the mothers are one : Hindu India and the cultural reshaping of psychoanalysis
Semiotics of religion : signs of the sacred in history
Indian female gurus in contemporary hinduism : a study of central aspects and expressions of their religious leadership
Searching for Vedic India
Crossing the lines of caste : Viśvāmitra and the construction of Brahmin power in Hindu mythology
"Consisting of fewer than two hundred verses written in an obscure if not impenetrable language and style, Patanjali's Yoga Sutra is today extolled by the yoga establishment as a perennial classic and guide to yoga practice. As David Gordon White demonstrates in this groundbreaking study, both of these assumptions are incorrect. Virtually forgotten in India for hundreds of years and maligned when it was first discovered in the West, the Yoga Sutra has been elevated to its present iconic status--and translated into more than forty languages--only in the course of the past forty years. White retraces the strange and circuitous journey of this confounding work from its ancient origins down through its heyday in the seventh through eleventh centuries, its gradual fall into obscurity, and its modern resurgence since the nineteenth century. First introduced to the West by the British Orientalist Henry Thomas Colebrooke, the Yoga Sutra was revived largely in Europe and America, and predominantly in English. White brings to life the improbable cast of characters whose interpretations--and misappropriations--of the Yoga Sutra led to its revered place in popular culture today. Tracing the remarkable trajectory of this enigmatic work, White's exhaustively researched book also demonstrates why the yoga of India's past bears little resemblance to the yoga practiced today"--
Pūjā and saṃskāra
The Skanda-Purāṇa. Part 15
Exploring the Hindu mind : (cultural reflections and symbolisms)
Indian traditions of management
Krishna : a jouney within
Shakti mantras : Tapping into the Great Goddess Energy Within
Dharmakośaḥ : Vyavahārakāṇḍam = Dharmakośa. Vol. 1, part 2, Vivādapadāni = Titles of law
The principle of Śakti
The Skanda-Purāna. Part 11
The role of religion in marriage and family counselingIntroducing second language acquisition
Hinduism for our times
Rāmdās and the Rāmdāsīs
Insights into modern Hinduism
Insights into Hinduism
Hindu theology in early modern South Asia : the rise of devotionalism and the politics of genealogy
Focusing on the idea of genealogical affiliation (sampradaya), Kiyokazu Okita explores the interactions between the royal power and the priestly authority in eighteenth-century north India. He examines how the religious policies of Jaisingh II (1688-1743) of Jaipur influenced the self-representation of Gaudiya Vaisnavism, as articulated by Baladeva Vidyabhusana (ca. 1700-1793) Gaudiya Vaisnavism centered around God Krsna was inaugurated by Caitanya (1486-1533) and quickly became one of the most influential Hindu devotional movements in early modern South Asia. In the increasingly volatile late Mughal period, Jaisingh II tried to establish the legitimacy of his kingship by resorting to a moral discourse. As part of this discourse, he demanded that religious traditions in his kingdom conform to what he conceived of as Brahmanically normative. In this context the Gaudiya school was forced to deal with their lack of clear genealogical affiliation, lack of an independent commentary on the Brahmasutras, and their worship of Goddess Radha and Krsna, who, according to the Gaudiyas, were not married. Based on a study of Baladeva's Brahmasutra commentary, Kiyokazu Okita analyses how the Gaudiyas responded to the king's demand. Book jacket
Hinduism and other eastern religions : worship, festivals and ceremonies from around the world
The simple guide to Hinduism
Hinduism : its meaning for the liberation of the spirit
Religions in the modern world : traditions and transformations
The collected works of Ramana Maharshi
The bhagavad gita
Origin of Jagannath deity
The Hindu world
Hinduism for dummies
Vedic astrology simply put : an illustrated guide to the astrology of ancient India
"Throughout the history of Indian religions, the ascetic figure is most closely identified with power. A by-product of the ascetic path, power is displayed in the ability to fly, walk on water or through dense objects, read minds, discern the former lives of others, see into the future, harm others, or simply levitate one's body. These tales give rise to questions about how power and violence are related to the phenomenon of play. Indian Asceticism focuses on the powers exhibited by ascetics of India from ancient to modern time. Carl Olson discusses the erotic, the demonic, the comic, and the miraculous forms of play and their connections to power and violence. He focuses on Hinduism, but evidence is also presented from Buddhism and Jainism, suggesting that the subject matter of this book pervades India's major indigenous religious traditions. The book includes a look at the extent to which findings in cognitive science can add to our understanding of these various powers; Olson argues that violence is built into the practice of the ascetic. Indian Asceticism culminates with an attempt to rethink the nature of power in a way that does justice to the literary evidence from Hindu, Buddhist, and Jain sources. "--
Siva in dance, myth and iconography
The Hindu Pantheon
Hinduism for today
The Skanda-Purāṇa. Part 18
Hindu religion, customs and manners : describing the customs and manners, religious, social and domestic life, arts and sciences of the Hindus
World religions : Eastern traditions
World religions
Given to the goddess : South Indian devadasis and the sexuality of religion
Stories from world religions
Hinduism for the next generation
Defence of Hindu society
The facts on hinduism in America
Elephant dance : a journey to India / written by Theresa Heine ; illustrated by Sheila Moxley
Themes and issues in hinduism
A popular dictionary of Hinduism
Sādhus : holy men of India
Hinduism and buddhism : an historical sketch : in three volumes. Volume II
Astrology and jyotirvidya : the fundamental principles and the systems of prognosis
The algebra of infinite justice
Female divinities : in Hindu mythology and ritual
Hinduism : an introduction
Krishna steals the butter and other stories
Swaminarayan Hinduism is rooted in its formation in India at the cusp of the early modern and colonial period. This book explores the new discoveries, recent research and interpretation of the history, doctrine, devotional arts, and transnational developments to provide a foundation for a more comprehensive understanding of contemporary Swaminarayan growth, belief and practice. The themes that trace through the analyses are tradition and adaptation in the historical andsocial process of creating a complex new religious identity in response to social, economic and political changes. The book contains current academic research from several disciplines including history, theology, the arts, architecture, sociology, and migration studies.
Hinduism and buddhism
The Upanishads
The Skanda-Purāna. Part 6
The nakshatras : the lunar mansion of vedic astrology
Who and what are marriage and sex for? Whose practices and which ways of talking to god can count as religion? Lucinda Ramberg considers these questions based upon two years of ethnographic research on an ongoing South Indian practice of dedication in which girls, and sometimes boys, are married to a goddess. Called devadasis, or jogatis, those dedicated become female and male women who conduct the rites of the goddess outside the walls of her main temple and transact in sex outside the bounds of conjugal matrimony. Marriage to the goddess, as well as the rites that the dedication ceremony authorizes jogatis to perform, have long been seen as illegitimate and criminalized. Kinship with the goddess is productive for the families who dedicate their children, Ramberg argues, and yet it cannot conform to modern conceptions of gender, family, or religion. This nonconformity, she suggests, speaks to the limitations of modern categories, as well as to the possibilities of relations--between and among humans and deities--that exceed such categories.
Ramakrishna and his disciples
Hinduism : a religion to live by
Framing cosmologies : the anthropology of worlds
Vedanta : voice of freedom
As good as God : the guru in Gaudiya Vaisnavism
The Skanda-Purāṇa. Part 16
Hindu astrology lessons : 36 teachers share their wisdom
Effects of Culture on Sexual Health Education in Developing Countries : Empowering Adolescents in Nepal
Handbook of Hindu mythology
The sons of Rama
The Gita
Introducing Hinduism
Rama and Sita : path of flames
The Skanda-Purāna. Part 7
The Skanda-Purāṇa. Part 14
Covering all the major Hindu practices, festivals, beliefs, gods, sacred sites, languages, and religious texts, this is the most comprehensive Hinduism dictionary of its kind. It contains 2,800 entries on everything from Tantra to temples, from bhakti to Divali, as well as biographical entries for key thinkers, teachers, and scholars. All entries are clear, concise, up to date, and fully cross-referenced. With its coverage spanning 3,500 years of Hinduism - from the religion's conception to Hinduism in the 21st century - this brand new A-Z also acknowledges the historical interplay between Hindu traditions and others, for example, Buddhist, Jain, Sikh, and Islamic. Detailed appendices include maps, pronunciation guide, a chronology, principal sources and further reading, and useful websites. This dictionary is an invaluable first port of call for students and teachers of Hinduism, theology, Asian studies, or philosophy, as well as the related disciplines of history, sociology, and anthropology. It is also an ideal source of reference for all practicing Hindus and for anyone with an interest in Indian religions and culture.
Vāstu-Śāstra. Vol. 2, Hindu canons of iconography and painting : with an anthology of Pratimā-lakṣaṇa and Citra-lakṣaṇa as well as an outline history of Indian painting, archaeology and literature
The word of the cross to hindus
Indra and Shibi
Philosophy of the masters
A dictionary of Hinduism
The Skanda-Purāṇa. Part 13
Grant Morrison's 18 days. Book one
