http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14095 connectionism
connectionism
Language acquisition and connectionism
Connectionism, language, production and adult aphasia : elaboration of a connectionist framework for lexical processing and a hypothesis of agrammatic aphasia
Attention and emotion : a clinical perspective
Microcognition : philosophy, cognitive science, and parallel distributed processing
Debates on psychological explanation. Vol. 2, Connectionism
Introduction to connectionist modelling of cognitive processes
Rethinking innateness : a connectionist perspective on development
Minds and machines : connectionism and psychological modeling
Musical networks : parallel distributed perception and performance
The symbolic and connectionist paradigms : closing the gap
The algebraic mind : integrating connectionism and cognitive science
Connectionism, language production and adult aphasia : elaboration of a connectionist framework for lexical processing and a hypothesis of agrammatic aphasia
Deconstructing the mind
Ghostwritten
A cognitive theory of cultural meaning
Complexity and postmodernism : understanding complex systems
Cognition and pragmatics
Beyond nature-nurture : essays in honor of Elizabeth Bates
Connectionism and the mind : parallel processing, dynamics, and evolution in networks
Brain imaging has been immensely valuable in showing us how the mind works. However, many of our ideas about how the mind works come from disciplines like experimental psychology, artificial intelligence and linguistics, which in their modern form date back to the computer revolution of the 1940s, and are not strongly linked to the subdisciplines of biomedicine. Cognitive science and neuroscience thus have very separate intellectual roots, and very different styles. Unfortunately, these two areas of knowledge have not been well integrated as far as higher mental processes are concerned. So how can these two be reconciled in order to develop a full understanding of the mind and brain? This is the focus of this landmark book from leaders in the field. Coming more than two decades after Shallice's classic 'From neuropsychology to mental structure', 'The Organisation of Mind' establishes a strong historical, empirical, and theoretical basis for cognitive neuroscience. The book starts by reviewing the history and intellectual roots of the field, looking at some of the researchers who guided and influenced it. The basic principles - theoretical and empirical and the inferential relation between them - are then considered with particular emphasis being placed on inferences to the organisation of the cognitive system from two empirical methodologies - neuropsychology and functional imaging. The core skeleton of the cognitive system is then analysed for the areas most critical for understanding rational thought. In the third section the components of simple cognitive acts are described, namely semantic processing, working memory, and cognitive operations. In the final section, more complex higher-level modulating processes are considered, including, supervisory processing, episodic memory, consciousness and problem-solving.
Connectionist models of development : developmental processes in real and artifical neural networks
Rethinking cognitive computation : Turing and the science of the mind
Communication, mind, and culture : a model of conversation meaning
Computation, cognition, and Pylyshyn
Pattern and process : a Whiteheadian perspective on linquistics
Cognitive psychology : a methods companion
Exercises in rethinking innateness : a handbook for connectionist simulations
The organisation of mind
Connectionist models in cognitive psychology
The legacy of Alan Turing.. Vol. 2
Natural ethical facts : evolution, connectionism, and moral cognition
Connectionist psycholinguistics
Connectionist psychology : a text with readings
Computers and cognition : why minds are not machines
Proceedings of the First International Conference on Cognitive Musicology
