http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14030 plant breeding
plant breeding plant improvement
Plant breeding and forest tree breeding today : posters presented at the University of Helsinki, faculty of Agriculture and Forestry, Viikki, A-house, Helsinki, Finland, December 7.-11.1998 : abstracts
Virallisten lajikekokeiden tulokset 1996-2003 = Results of official variety trials 1996-2003
Proceedings of the XIth International Symposium on Flower Bulbs and Herbaceous Perennials : Antalya, Turkey March 28 - April 1, 2012
Proceedings of Ist International Symposium on Sustainable Vegetable Production in Southeast Asia : Salatiga, Indonesia, March 14-17, 2011
Plant tissue culture concepts and laboratory exercises
Potato biology and biotechnology : advances and perspectives
Organic crop breeding
Factors influencing somatic embryogenesis and regeneration ability in somatic tissue culture of spring and winter rye
Sea buckthorn (Hippophae rhamnoides L.) : production and utilization
Electrofusion of protoplasts of anther-derived dihaploid lines of commercial potato cultivars
Wheat science : the green revolution of Nazareno Strampelli
Safety considerations for biotechnology : scale-up of crop plants
Proceedings of the IInd International Humulus Symposium : Kent, Belgium September 1-5, 2008
Virallisten lajikekokeiden tulokset 1997-2004 = Results of official variety trials 1997-2004
Variation of physical and chemical characters within elite sea buckthorn (Hippophaë rhamnoides L.) breeding population
Genetic engineering of plants and microorganisms important for agriculture : a seminar held in the framework of the Biomolecular Engineering Programme of the Commission of the European Communities, at the Carlsberg Laboratory in Copenhagen (October 9-10, 1984) with the scientific organization by Professor D. von Wettstein
Root nodule bacteria and leguminous plants
The inheritance of the flower colour and the seed colour in Lupinus angustifolius
Yield trends of temperate cereals in high lattitude countries from 1940 to 1998.
dsRNA genetic elements : concepts and applications in agriculture, forestry, and medicine
Molecular genetics and breeding of forest trees
The grafter's handbook
Cyclamen : a descriptive list of cultivars
Plant protoplasts : a biotechnological tool for plant improvement
Exploitation of microorganisms
Efficacy of imazamox in imidazolinone-resistant spring oilseed rape in Finland
Perfumes and spices : including an account of soaps and cosmetics
A book on silage
Comfrey : past, present and future
High tech harvest : understanding genetically modified food plants
Studies on the genetic regulation of birch flower development and potential biotechnological applications
Optimizing anther culture for barley breeding
Physiology-breeding of winter cereals for stressed Mediterranean environments = Physiologie-Sélection des céréales d'hiver en conditions méditerranéennes : Montpellier (France), July 3.6.1989
Discussion papers
Proceedings of the Xth International Symposium on Plum and Prune Genetics, Breeding and Pomology : Davis, California, USA May 20-25, 2012
Proceedings of the Xth International Conference on Grapevine Breeding and Genetics : Geneva, New York, USA, August 1-5, 2010
Genebank standards for plant genetic resources for food and agriculture
Summary (s. 7).
This report, prepared with the participation of member countries as well as the public and private sectors, demonstrates the central role plant genetic diversity continues to play in shaping agriculture growth in the face of climate change and other environmental challenges. It provides the decision-makers with a technical basis for policy and technical decision to strengthen national efforts. It also aims to attract the attention of the global community to set priorities for the effective management of plant genetic resources for the future. Country reports and thematic studies are available on the accompanying CD-ROM.--Publisher's description.
Genetic improvement of vegetable crops
Genetic engineering and crop improvement : Wuhan, China 11-15 April 1994
Synthetic account of the second global plan of action for plant genetic resources for food and agriculture
The Dorito effect : the surprising new truth about food and flavor
Agrobiology : Esseys on problems of genetics, plant breeding and seed growing
Wheat breeding : its scientific basis
Gene transfer to plants
Effect of chemical mutagen Ethyl Methane Sulphonate (EMS) on two cultivars of faba bean (Vicia faba L.)
Genetically modified food and the consumer
Drought resistance in cereals
Genetic glass ceilings : transgenics for crop biodiversity
Agronomic characteristics and phytochemical profiles of advanced June-bearing strawberry lines for the northern Canadian climate
The phytic acid (PA), inorganic phosphorus (Pi), yellow pigment (YP), water soluble phenolics (WSPH) and free protein sulfhydryl groups (PSH) of 15 Triticum aestivum and 15 Triticum durum wheats grown at six different environments were evaluated for variability, intra- and inter- relations with agronomic traits. The most variable properties in bread wheat were YP and WSPH with coefficients of variation (CV) amounting to 14.59% and 14.10%, respectively, while in durum wheat those were PSH and YP with CV of 17.59% and 15.02%, respectively. PA in durum wheat showed the least variability (CV 3.61%). Among others, positive associations were obtained between WSPH and YP in bread and durum wheat, YP and PSH, WSPH and PSH, yield (YLD) and WSPH, YLD and PSH in durum wheat, while negative associations were recorded for PA and YP, PA and WSPH, YLD and antioxidants (YP and WSPH) in bread wheat, PA and antioxidants, PA and YLD in durum wheat..
Proceedings of the XXIInd International Eucarpia Symposium, Section Ornamentals : breeding for beauty, Part II, Sanremo, Italy, September 11-15, 2006.. Part 2
Brassica oilseeds : production and utilization
Proceedings of the IInd International Jujube Symposium : Xinzheng, China, September 3-7, 2011
Characterization of high-lysine barley genotypes
Freezing and low temperature photoinhibition tolerance in cultivated potato and potato hybrids
Developing Sitka spruce populations for resistance to the white pine weevil : summary of research and breeding program
The objective of the study was to find DNA markers associated with resistance to Typhula ishikariensis in timothy (Phleum pratense L.) using bulked-segregant analysis. A progeny of 161 F1 individuals was created by crossing the Finnish resistant cultivar Tammisto II with the Japanese susceptible cultivar Nosappu. Six to ten clones of each F1 individual were tested for resistance in the greenhouse, and a survival index, which was based both on survival and the ability of plants to recover, was calculated for each F1 to describe resistance. Resistant and susceptible bulks of eight individuals in each were screened with a total of 292 primer combinations. Six DNA markers were found to be associated with resistance, together explaining 15% of phenotypic variation in Typhula resistance. Four of the markers formed one linkage group, which contained a QTL explaining 7% of the variation in Typhula resistance.
This book is arranged in 3 sections. The first section (Chapters 2-4) provides an introduction to the flower seed industry and identifies the users of flower seeds. These chapters provide a historical treatment of the industry and emphasize the challenges and opportunities for the ornamental and bedding plant and wildflower industries. The second section (Chapters 5-10) considers the science of flower seed production. Discussions focus on the establishment of successful breeding programmes by seed companies, factors controlling flower induction to obtain high-quality seeds and maximize yield, structure and anatomy of flower seeds, as well as the physiological events that govern seed germination, dormancy imposition and release, and seed deterioration. The third section (Chapters 11-17) discusses the technology of flower seeds. This includes chapters on cleaning, enhancements, germination, viability and vigour testing of flower seeds. Specific guidelines and information to accomplish these tasks are given. A chapter is also provided, describing the activities of the Ornamental Plant Germplasm Centre, the only governmental organization dedicated to conserving germplasm for the future genetic improvement of flower crops.
Chromosome manipulations and plant genetics : the contributions to a symposium held during the Tenth International Botanical Congress, Edinburgh 1964
Second Global Plan of Action for Plant Genetic Resources for Food and Agriculture : adopted by the FAO Council, Rome, Italy, 29 November 2011.
Studies of the factors influencing androgenesis in summer turnip rape (Brassica campestris L. ssp. oleifera Metzg. Sinsk) and barley (Hordeum vulgare L.)
Proceedings of the XXIIIrd International Eucarpia Symposium, Section Ornamentals : Colourful breeding and genetics : Leiden, Netherlands, August 31 - September 4, 2009
Introduction to plant breeding
Proceedings of the XIth International Protea Research Symposium : Santiagi, Chile, April 22-26, 2012
Fundamentals of plant breeding
Hybridförädling / Hybrid breeding / XVII Nordic Graduate Course in Plant Breeding
Breeding for ornamentals : classical and molecular approaches
Field releases of transgenic plants 1986-1992 : an analysis
The story of a grain of wheat : with forty illustrations
Proceedings of the XXIVth International Eucarpia Symposium, Section Ornamentals: "Ornamental Breeding Worldwide" : Warsaw, Poland, September 2-5, 2012
Biotechnology in tropical crop improvement : proceedings of the International biotechnology workshop, 12-15 Jan 1987, ICRISAT Center, India
Proceedings of the International Conference on Germplasm of Ornamentals : Beijing, China, July 16-20, 2012
Involvement of non-ABC MADS-box genes in determining stamen and carpel indentity in Gerbera hybrida (Asteraceae)
On the possibilities of growing taraxacum koksaghyz in Finland : on basis of the investigations conducted in the years 1943-1948
DNA markers for Typhula resistance in timothy (Phleum pratense L.)
Resistance to powdery mildew in selections from barley landraces collected in Greece
Principles and procedures of plant breeding : biotechnological and conventional approaches
Proceedings of the IInd international Symposium on Sweetpotato and Cassava : " innovative technologies for commercialization" : Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, June 14-17, 2005
Encyclopedia of rose science. Vol. 2
The potato: its history and culture : with descriptive list of varieties raised and introduced
Faba bean mutation: comparison of the effect of chemical mutagen on two cultivars of faba bean.
Agricultural biotechnology and environmental quality : gene escape and pest resistance
Reproductive biology and plant breeding
Proceedings of the IInd Balkan Symposium on Fruit Growing : Pitesti, Romania September 5-7, 2011
Somatic hybrids and cybrids within Brassicaceae : studies focused on refining production methods and identifying factors influencing the genetic composition of somatic hybrids
Population genetics of the invasive plant species Impatiens glandulifera in Southern Finland
Genetic and production innovations in field crop technology : new developments in theory and practice
Genetic purity of the common bean (Phaseolus vulgaris L. cv. ʻINTA ROJOʼ) during seed production in Nicaragua
Fundamentals of plant breeding and hybrid seed production
Transgenic plants : methods and protocols
Crop breeding and applied biotechnology
Biotechnological approaches in lily (Lilium) production
Interference between gerberin/parasorboside and carotenoid biosynthesis
Genetic characterization of Theobroma cacao L. in Nicaragua
Proceedings of the VIIth International Symposium on New Floricultural Crops : Buenos Aires, Argentina, November 22-25, 2011
Biotechnology, biosafety and biodiversity : scientific and ethical issues for sustainable development
Root development of field crops
Vegetable gums and resins
Fruit production and fruit breeding : proceedings of the international conference [September 12-13, 2000]
Virallisten lajikokeiden tulokset 1994 - 2001 = Results of officialvariety trials 1994 - 2001
Meat and bone meal (MBM) is a by-product of the meat industry and is an important pathway for recycling of N and P. MBM contains about 8% N, 5% P, 1% K and 10% Ca. Field trials compared the effects of MBM and mineral  fertilizer on yield and quality of sugar beet (2008-2009) and carrot (2010-2011) in Finland. MBM fertilisation of sugar beet grown on clay loam and sandy clay soil gave 11.4% (2008) and 19.6% (2009) lower yields than mineral fertilizers. The lower root yield in 2008 was compensated by higher extractable sugar content and lower amino-N, K and Na in root but no such compensation in root quality was detected for 2009. Mixing MBM with mineral NPK fertilizers had similar effects as MBM-alone. MBM (80 kg N ha-1 2010 and 60 kg N ha-1 2011) together with K fertilizer (Patentkali®, 180 kg K ha-1) were applied for carrot to a fine sandy till soil in 2010 and sandy loam in 2011. MBM alone gave 14% lower total and marketable root yield than mineral fertilization. The lower yield was compensated by improved quality, lower NO3- content in the carrot and good storability. Adding extra fertilizer during growth or separating fertilization applications had no effect on root yield or quality. MBM performed in these cases mainly as an organic N fertilizer. The N supply from MBM is not sufficient for achieving same yields as with mineral fertilizers. The relative N efficiency of total N of MBM was 83% that of mineral fertilizers. MBM should be targeted on soils with low P status.  We conclude that MBM is a reasonably competitive alternative to mineral fertilizers, and as a recycled fertilizer it is a good option for organic production.
Herbal medicine production : breeding and cultivation of salicylates producing plants
Mutations and polyploidy in plant breeding
Biological control of crop diseases
Breeding forest trees for resistance to mammalian herbivores : a study based on European white birch = Metsäpuiden resistenssijalostus kasveja syöviä nisäkkäitä vastaan : rauduskoivuun perustuva tutkimus
The synthesis of very long chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (VLCPUFAs) was investigated in five cultivars of chicory. Genes for enzymes of the ù3/6 Ä8-desaturation biosynthetic pathways for the formation of C20 VLCPUFAs were inserted into chicory by Agrobacterium-mediated transformation of leaf explants. Plants were transformed by genes encoding Ä9-specific elongating activity from Isochrysis galbana, Ä8-desaturase from Euglena gracilis and Ä5-desaturase from Mortierella alpina, either separately or in combination; transgenic plants were selected on culture medium containing glufosinate ammonium for those transformed with the Ä9-elongase gene alone or in combination with the Ä8-desaturase gene, or kanamycin for plants transformed with the Ä5-desaturase gene. PCR showed the presence of the transgenes within the genome of selected plants, with RT-PCR confirming gene expression. Gas Chromatography of fatty acid methyl esters extracted from freeze-dried leaves of transgenic plants quantified the synthesis of omega-6 arachidonic acid and its precursors eicosadienoic and dihomo-ã-linolenic acids, and omega-3 eicosapentaenoic acid together with its precursors eicosatrienoic and eicosatetraenoic acids. This is the first report of the production of VLCPUFAs in a leafy vegetable. Since VLCPUFAs are the precursors of prostaglandins, the formation of prostaglandins was also investigated in chicory following a second transformation event using the PGHS-1 gene from Mus musculus.
Consumer evaluation of scrab-resistant apple cultivars in Sweden
Quality characteristics of parental lines of wheat mapping populations
Principles of plant breeding
The second report on the state of the world's plant genetic resources for food and agriculture
Wheat : science and trade
Searching for DNA introgressed from wheat and for wheat-like grain proteins in a rice x wheat hybridization derivate
Field assessment of resistance in potato to Phytophthora infestans : international cooperators guide
Vaccinium ssp. and less known small fruit : challenges and risks : the International Scientific Conference, Jelgava, Latvia October 6-9, 2009, book of abstract and programme
The production of new potato varieties: technological advances
Proceedings of the XIIIth Eucarpia Symposium on Fruit Breeding and Genetics : Warsaw, Poland September 11-15, 2011
Sensory and hedonic characteristics of juice of sea buckthorn (Hippophae rhamnoides L.) origins and hybrids
Proceedings of the VIIth International Strawberry Symposium : Beijing, China, February 18-22, 2012
Molecular characterization of Nicaraguan Pinus Tecunumanii population for in situ conservation
Effect of genotype, age and treatment of stock plants on propagation of hybrid aspen (Populus tremula x Populus tremuloides) by root cuttings
Flower seeds : biology and technology
Russian comfrey : a hundred tons an acre of stock feed or compost for farm, garden or smallholding
Genetic control of flowering in the diploid strawberry Fragaria vesca
Major mutation-assisted plant breeding programs supported by FAO/IAEA
7th International Oat Conference : proceedings
Phytoene desaturase (PDS) plays a key role in the carotenoid biosynthesis in plants. Knocked-down the expression of PDS gene by virus induced gene silencing (VIGS) shows the photobleached phenotype in infected plants so that it has been used as a marker or a long time in VIGS systems with range of plant species. Tobacco rattle virus (TRV) based VIGS system, which uses PDS as the visual marker has been successfully applied and showed the white phenotype in Gerbera hybrida. However, 2-pyrone synthase (PS) gene, which encodes the first enzyme in gerebrin/parasorboside biosynthesis, is significantly reduced in these infected VIGS albino sectors. The transcription level of 2PS gene was also strongly suppressed in leaves treated with photobleaching herbicide, Norflurazon (NF), which inhibits the activity of PDS. Thus, down-regulation of 2PS gene in photobleaching sectors is caused by silencing PDS gene rather than by reacting of gerbera to TRV in VIGS treatment. Interestingly, expression of 2PS in transgenic tobacco (Nicotina tabacum SR1) causes photooxidative bleaching of the leaves. The reduction of β-carotene in white leaves which analyzed by thin layer chromatograph (TLC) is the main reason; however, the interference between gerberin/parasorboside and carotenoid biosynthesis in these transgenic plants is still unclear. To overcome the effect of overexpression 2PS gene, exogenous mevalonic acid lactone (MAL) could be applied to partially rescue this transgenic phenotype at the seedling stages.
Principles of crop breeding
Advances in vegetable breeding : a proceedings of the XXVI International Horticultural Congress : Toronto, Canada, 11-17 August 2002
The aim of this work was to evaluate the main quality traits in the parental lines of wheat segregating populations to identify the best for subsequent genetic mapping of the traits. Significant differences (p < 0.001) among wheat genotypes were observed. Many of the examined crosses appeared to be suitable for the purpose, showing differences among parental lines as high as 4.6% for protein content, 6.4% for gluten content, 69 for gluten index, 50 mL for sodium dodecyl sulphate sedimentation volume, and 33.9 g for thousand-kernel weight, whereas differences accounting for 4.8, 2.4, and 7.3 were observed for yellow index, red index and brown index, respectively. The results pointed out that for studying at the same time the quantitative and qualitative features of gluten, the wheat populations derived from Latino x MG29896 and Saragolla x 02-5B-318 could be particularly appropriate. In addition, the latter cross was suitable to deepen the knowledge of yellow index regulation.
Summary (s. 31-32).
Plant propagation A to Z : growing plants for free
Root development of vegetable crops
Proceedings of the Twentieth International EUCARPIA Symposium Section Ornamentals: strategies for new ornamentals II : Melle, Belgium, 3-6 July, 2001
Pine transcriptomics : RNA-Seq data analysis of Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris) seedlings subjected to a wounding experiment
Proceedings of the IVth International Symposium on Tropical and Subtropical Fruits : Bogor, Indonesia, November 3-7, 2008
Proceedings of the IIIrd International Humulus Symposium : Zatec, Chech Republic, September 9-14, 2012
Intracellular pangenesis, including a paper on fertilization and hybridization
From plants to products : Van Iterson Jr and useful plants in the Botanical Garden of Delft University of Technology
Proceedings of the IXth International Mango Symposium : Sanya, Hainan Island, China, April 8-12, 2010
Lignin characteristics and ecological interactions of PtCOMT-modified silver birch
Proceedings of the IInd International Symposium on Biotechnology of Fruit Species : Nelson, New Zealand, March 25-29, 2012
A genetic marker for waxy barley
Ginseng and other medicinal plants : a book of valuable information for growers as well as collectors of medicinal roots, barks, leaves, etc
Euphytica
Commercial cultivars and farmers' access to crop diversity: a case study from the Nordic region
Temperate fruit crop breeding : germsplasm to genomics
Shelter effect : investigations into the aerodynamics of shelter and its effects on climate and crops
Biomass gasification to heat, electricity and biofuels : HighBio project publication
Eleven advanced strawberry lines ("SJ011‑10", "SJ0440‑2", "SJ061‑8", "SJ066‑3", "SJ069‑3", "SJ069‑12", "SJ0814‑37", "SJ8518‑11", "K04‑12", "LL0220‑10" and "V151") were evaluated for their yield, fruit quality, total phenolic content, total antioxidant capacity, and phenolic composition, and were compared with a commercial cultivar ("Wendy"). The results showed that "SJ069‑3" had excellent soluble solids content, mid-level titratable acidity, low weight loss, and the best firmness among all the cultivars. Higher total antioxidant capacity was found in "SJ069‑3", according to ferric reducing antioxidant power and oxygen radical absorbance capacity assays, an indication that "SJ069‑3" is a promising new cultivar for the fresh market. In addition to rich individual phenolics, "SJ061‑8" had the highest total antioxidant capacity, which was significantly different from the other genotypes, suggesting the potential use of this line as parent material in breeding or as a functional food ingredient. There was a strong relationship between total antioxidant capacity and total phenolic content, according to Folin-Ciocalteu, ferric reducing antioxidant power, and oxygen radical absorbance capacity assays. This study confirms that anthocyanins are major phenolic compounds contributing to the main antioxidant power of strawberries.
Activation of anthocyanin biosynthesis Gerbera hybrida (Asteraceae) suggests conserved protein-protein and protein-promoter interactions between the anciently diverged monocots and eudicots
The strawberry in North America : history, origin, botany, and breeding
Breeding, propagation in vitro and disease resistance of horticultural plants : theses, 2nd international symposium, Salaspils, Latvia April 16-18, 1996
Genetics and breeding for crop quality and resistance : Proceedings of the XV EUCARPIA Congress, Viterbo, Italy, September 20-25, 1998 d edited by G. T. Scarascia Mugnozza, E. Porceddu and M. A. Pagnotta
Proceedings of the XIIth International Symposium on the Processing Tomato
Proceedings of the IInd Genetically Modified Organisms in Horticulture Symposium : White River, South Africa, September 11-15, 2012
Soybean varietal improvement : proceedings of the International workshop, Jakarta, Indonesia 21-22 July 1984.
Proceedings of the VIth International Symposium on Brassicas and XVIIIth Crucifer Genetics Workshop
Inheritance of flowering, maturity, fruit yield, and winter hardiness of sea buckthorn (Hippophae rhamnoides)
Maintenance of male sterile germplasm in Brassica rapa in vitro propagation
Proceedings of the Ist International Symposium on Date Palm : Algiers, Algeria, November 13-14, 2011
Twentieth century potatoes
Quantitative genetics and selection in plant breeding
True potato seed : past and present uses
Influence of plant developmental stage on DNA yield and extractability in MON810 maize
Pictorial practical potato growing : a concise guide
Breeding plants for disease resistance : concepts and applications
Intrinsic change of physical and chemical properties of sea buckthorn (Hippophaë rhamnoides) and implications for berry maturity and quality
Jenkka and Jatsi, two new red raspberry cultivars
Phytic acid, inorganic phosphorus, antioxidants in bread and durum wheat and their associations with agronomic traits
Analysis of the floral transcriptome uncovers new regulators of organ determination and gene families related to flower organ differentiation in Gerbera hybrida (Asteraceae)
Biosynthesis of very long chain polyunsaturated fatty acids in the leafy vegetable chicory
Value from village processing
Hybridization within Dahlia (Asteraceae-Coreopsideae) : a synopsis based on data from 20 species
Effects of meat bone meal as fertilizer on yield and quality of sugar beet and carrot
Breeding ornamental plants
Agricultural diversification is one way of meeting the future challenges associated with climate change and population growth, making farmers' access to a diversity of high-yielding, good quality cultivars critical. In this paper we provide an overview of the seed system in the Nordic region from the 1950 to the present. The emphasis  is on breeding businesses and their production of cultivars. Key primary sources have been the national variety lists, other written sources on plant breeding, and a survey. We document how enterprises have merged and how this consolidation process has affected the production of new cultivars and led to an emphasis on major crops, resulting in the abandonment of breeding activities for several other crops. The results are discussed in relation to structures and in the broader context of agrobiodiversity issues in peripheral regions of the world.
Genetics, genomics and breeding of cool season grain legumes
Traditional crop breeding practices : an historical review to serve as a baseline for assessing the role of modern biotechnology
The amount and extractability of DNA in different parts of MON810 GM hybrid was studied during different developmental stages. To quantify GM contents, an evaluation was performed of the effect of plant development stage on DNA density. To this end, the evolution of weights, absolute DNA yields, DNA densities and ratios of endosperm and embryo relative to total maize kernel were studied. Sampling at four stages during the growth shows an influence on relative GM quantification based on haploid genome equivalents, due to the specific maize seed composition and differences in DNA extractability from different seed tissues. During plant growth, plant parts with potential GM genes (embryo in kernel and cob on total plant) increase in importance on weight and DNA concentration level, while the endosperm drops in relative importance. Expected % GM maize values are calculated for a whole field harvest of grain maize.
Advances in agronomy
Plant molecular biology
Developing a hybrid breeding system for turnip rape
Svalöf 1886-1946 : history and present problems
