http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14098 electronic publishing
electronic publishing digital publishing
Access-right : the future of digital copyright law
The handbook of journal publishing
eReading Services, Business Models and Concepts in media industry
From Gutenberg to Google : electronic representations of literary texts
Information services today : an introduction
Exploring the strategic impact of technological change : studies on the role of internet in magazine publishing
The impact of electronic media on trade book publishing
Putting content online : a practical guide for libraries
Digital media and the transnationalization of protests
News online : transformations and continuities
Information science in transition
Easy Adobe Photoshop Elements 7
The access principle : the case for open access to research and scholarship
E-publishing and digital libraries : legal and organizational issues
"The answer to the machine is in the machine" and other collected writings
Writing for multimedia and the Web : a practical guide to content development for interactive media
Collection development in the electronic environment : shifting priorities
There's more to publishing an e-book than you might think-- and this guide explains it all! E-books give you full control: you no longer need to go through agents or publishers. But you do need to know about writing, publishing, and promoting an e-book in order to put it in front of a worldwide audience.
"In this book, a comprehensive review of various legal issues concerning digital libraries is presented"--Provided by publisher.
Publishing and the academic world : passion, purpose and possible futures
Handbook for academic authors
Transforming research libraries for the global knowledge society
The pursuit of efficient copyright licensing : how some rights reserved attempts to solve the problems of all rights reserved
Information tomorrow : reflections on technology and the future of public and academic libraries
The book gives you solid marketing tips for selling your e-book, including using blogging and social media and how to build an online platform. Helps readers navigate the confusing, time-consuming, and often costly world of self-publishing an e-book. Provides both technical how-tos as well solid marketing advice on how to sell your e-book using Facebook, Twitter, Goodreads, and other social media sites. Covers essential technologies, such as Smashwords, iBooks Author, Amazon, Microsoft Word, Open Office, Calibre, WordPress, and E-junkie. Explores e-book devices, including Kindle, Kobo, Sony Reader, Nook, iPad, and other tablets.
The book is going through its biggest revolution since Gutenberg. Thanks to computer tools and electronic publication, the concept and realisation of critical editions are being rethought. As so often in the history of scholarship, editors of the New Testament are making a vital contribution to these changes. In this book, originally the Lyell Lectures in Bibliography at Oxford, David C. Parker explores textual scholarship, in particular the idea of the edition. He argues that textual scholarship has had an important influence on the meaning given to the term 'New Testament'. Starting with the observation that a text is a process, not an object, he proposes a new way of understanding the relationship between manuscripts, the texts which manuscripts contain and the work they represent as the basis for critical scholarship. This leads him to challenge the idea of a 'Greek New Testament manuscript', and thus to reconsider the nature of the New Testament as a collection of works and the nature and purpose of critical editions. By studying new tools for studying how manuscripts are related to each other, he shows how the modern digital edition of the New Testament has overcome the impasses created by the failure of Lachmannian stemmatics to deal with the problem of contamination. Exploring the emergence of the critical edition in modern scholarship, Parker discusses the ways in which a digital edition advances scholarship and gives the reader more opportunities both to scrutinise the quality of the edition and to access the raw data on which it is based. The whole book uses New Testament research as a paradigm of wider changes in textual scholarship.
Multilingual dictionary of electronic publishing : English-German-French-Spanish-Italian
The business of epublishing 2015
Online publication and its effect on newsprint demand
Scholarly publishing : the electronic frontier
The content machine : towards a theory of publishing from the printing press to the digital network
Adobe® Cretive Suite® 4 bible
Make your music video and put it online
Scientific publishing : from vanity to strategy
Accentuate the positive : Charleston Conference proceedings, 2012
As technologies for electronic texts develop into ever more sophisticated engines for capturing different kinds of information, radical changes are underway in the way we write, transmit and read texts. In this thought-provoking work, Peter Shillingsburg considers the potentials and pitfalls, the enhancements and distortions, the achievements and inadequacies of electronic editions of literary texts. In tracing historical changes in the processes of composition, revision, production, distribution and reception, Shillingsburg reveals what is involved in the task of transferring texts from print to electronic media. He explores the potentials, some yet untapped, for electronic representations of printed works in ways that will make the electronic representation both more accurate and more rich than was ever possible with printed forms. However, he also keeps in mind the possible loss of the book as a material object and the negative consequences of technology.
Digital historical maps. 5, Report from WP5 : Copyright issues, charging and billing procedures
The impact of electronic publishing on the academic community : an international workshop organized by the Academia Europaea and the Wenner-Green Foundation
Digital libraries and the challenges of digital humanities
The publishing business : from p-books to e-books
The future of the printed word : the impact and the implications of the new communications technology
Using Adobe Indesign CS, Photoshop CS and illustrator CS
Copyrights and copywrongs : the rise of intellectual property and how it threatens creativity
New media technology and the information superhighway
Becoming a digital designer : a guide to careers in web, video, broadcast, game and animation design
Electronic literature publishing and distribution in Europe
Text editing, print, and the digital world
Within the Academy, itself a changing and increasingly entrepreneurial entity, publishing is no longer an option; it is the universal currency that secures a position, tenure and promotion; it is key to academic life. Providing a panoramic picture of the changing publishing climate, Academic Life and the Publishing Landscape will empower scholars by enabling them to navigate this changing terrain more successfully. This book provides guidance from a range of contributors who use their own wide expertise in writing and publication to document the challenges faced by scholars at different career stages and in different locations. It covers a wide range of debates on publishing, spilt into the following three sections: Mapping the Publication Landscape, Writing for Publication―Learning from Successful Voices, Further Challenges and Possibilities. With topics ranging from the process of preparing manuscripts for publication, including chapters on calculating journal rankings and understanding the Peer Review process, through to chapters on speaking to international audiences and writing for elite international journals, this book offers a unique perspective on how the changing nature of publishing works.
eReading advertising and value creation best practices - Outlook 2010-2011 / Seppo Leminen, Juho-Petteri Huhtala (Eds.)
Academic institutions are facing a crisis in scholarly publishing at multiple levels: presses are stressed as never before, library budgets are squeezed, faculty are having difficulty publishing their work, and promotion and tenure committees are facing a range of new ways of working without a clear sense of how to understand and evaluate them. Planned Obsolescence is both a provocation to think more broadly about the academy's future and an argument for reconceiving that future in more communally-oriented ways. Facing these issues head-on, Kathleen Fitzpatrick focuses on the technological changes--especially greater utilization of internet publication technologies, including digital archives, social networking tools, and multimedia--necessary to allow academic publishing to thrive into the future. But she goes further, insisting that the key issues that must be addressed are social and institutional in origin. Springing from original research as well as Fitzpatrick's own hands-on experiments in new modes of scholarly communication through MediaCommons, the digital scholarly network she co-founded, Planned Obsolescence explores these aspects of scholarly work, as well as issues surrounding the preservation of digital scholarship and the place of publishing within the structure of the contemporary university. Written in an approachable style designed to bring administrators and scholars into a conversation, Planned Obsolescence explores both symptom and cure to ensure that scholarly communication will remain relevant in the digital future.
"The Handbook of Journal Publishing is a comprehensive reference work written by experienced professionals, covering all aspects of journal publishing, both online and in print. Changes in recent years in the way journals are produced, financed and used make this an especially turbulent and challenging time for journal publishers - and for authors, readers and librarians. The Handbook offers a thorough guide to the journal publishing process, from editing and production through marketing, sales and fulfilment, with chapters on management, finances, metrics, copyright and ethical issues. It provides a wealth of practical tools, including checklists, sample documents, worked examples, alternative scenarios and extensive lists of resources, which readers can use in their day-to-day work. Between them, the authors have been involved in every aspect of journal publishing over several decades and bring to the text their experience working for a wide range of publishers in both the not-for-profit and commercial sectors"--
Controversies in media ethics
The electronic book : the change of paradigm for a changing bookmarket
Organize IT? : research libraries in the future : NORDINFO-symposium, 28-29 November 1996, Hanaholmen, The Swedish-Finnish Cultural Centre, Esbo, Finland
E-serials collection management : transitions, trends, and technicalities
Project ELVYN : an experiment in electronic journal delivery : facts, figures and findings
Adobe Acrobat and PDF for architecture, engineering and construction
Exposure : from friction to freedom
Digital medieval : the first twenty years of music on the web ...and the next twenty
Open access to STM information : trends, models and strategies for libraries
The mobile story : narrative practices with locative technologies
Unspun : key concepts for understanding the World Wide Web
Technology and scholarly communication
Media poetry : an international anthology
Mastering InDesign CS5 : for print design and production
The magazines handbook
Scholarship in the digital age : information, infrastructure, and the Internet
Peer review : a critical inquiry
E-serials : publishers, libraries, users, and standards
Managing electronic media : making, marketing, and moving digital content
InDesign CS4 for dummies
InDesign CS6 : for Windows and Macintosh
Magazine editing : in print and online
How reproductive is a reproduction? : digital transmission of textbased documents
Reverse rotogravure printing technology combines electronics and paper
Publishing in the networked world: transforming the nature of communication : 14th International Conference on Electronic Publishing, 16-18 June 2010, Helsinki, Finland
Artification of everyday life : design and everyday in cross-cultural experience
Hacking the academy : new approaches to scholarship and teaching from digital humanities
E-book publishing success : how anyone can write, compile and sell e-books on the Internet
Towards electronic journals : realities for scientists, librarians, and publishers
Building and managing e-book collections : a how-to-do-it manual for librarians
Environmental performance of digital printing : literature study
Microsoft Office Publisher 2007 : step by step
A companion to digital humanities
Writing space : computers, hypertext, and the remediation of print
Publishing E-books for dummies
Standards for electronic publishing : an overview
The impact of electronic publishing : the future for publishers and librarians
Towards active citizenship on the net : possibilities of citizen oriented communication: case studies from Finland
Almost one hundred presentations from the 32nd annual Charleston Library Conference (held November 7-10, 2012) are included in this annual proceedings volume. Major themes of the meeting included alternative metrics for measuring impact, patron-driven acquisition, Open Access monographs, the future of university presses, and techniques for minimizing duplication and emphasizing the unique in library collections. While the Charleston meeting remains a core one for acquisitions librarians in dialog with publishers and vendors, the breadth of coverage of this volume reflects the fact that this conference is now one of the major venues for leaders in the publishing and library communities to shape strategy and prepare for the future. Almost 1,500 delegates attended the 2012 meeting, ranging from the staff of small public library systems to the CEOs of major corporations. This fully-indexed, copyedited volume provides a rich source for the latest evidence-based research and lessons from practice in a range of information science fields. The contributors are leaders in the library, publishing, and vendor communities.
Planned obsolescence : publishing, technology, and the future of the academy
Practising photographic art online
Multichannel multi market media service business model evaluation and benchmark
Locality in the global net : the Internet as a space of citizen communication and local publicness
Textual scholarship and the making of the New Testament
Cyberscience : research in the age of the Internet
New-model scholarship : how will it survive?
Get seen : online video secrets to building your business
Publishing e-books for dummies
Electronic theses and dissertations : a sourcebook for educators, students, and librarians
The late age of print : everyday book culture from consumerism to control
