http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14023 quizzes
quizzes
IOI'01 competition, Tampere, Finland
National Geographic challenge! : Wii
Harry Potter : the amazing quiz book
TCM classic movie trivia : featuring more than 4,000 questions to test your cinema smarts
The ultimate soul music trivia book : 501 questions and answers about Motown, rhythm & blues, and more
Finland as a knowledge economy : elements of success and lessons learned : overview
In which year was the Atari Lynx released? To which character are Pikmin sidekicks? Who was on the cover of Fifa 95? And is Mario Teaches Typing a real game? This fantastic quiz book contains six hundred questions (and answers!) to test your knowledge, from basics a total noob would know all the way through to trivia that would challenge Satoru Iwata himself. With sections including bestsellers, genres, anagrams, henchmen, collectables, accessories and many more, this is an excellent addition to any gamer’s bookshelf.
Musiquiz : The world's first interactive music quiz game on CD-ROM
The Utilization of Employee Competencies : A comparison between Vamp and Wärtsilä
Nat geo quiz! : wild life : Xbox 360, Xbox live
How much do you know about the world of Harry Potter? Do you know every creature, spell, and Hogwarts professor? Who played each character in the films? And what about the many uses for dragon blood? This amazing quiz book features 400 questions to test your knowledge of everything Potter. Moving from easy questions that a muggle could answer through to trivia that the Wizengamot would consider beyond them, this book will be fun for the whole family. Test your Harry Potter knowledge and see if you are the ultimate fan!
The Classic FM quiz book
Obsessed with Star Trek : test your knowledge of the Star Trek universe
The essential Q quiz book
Violetta : rhythm & music : Nintendo 3DS
The music bible : a 164-page holy compendium of rock facts, quiz & miscellany
Reality television
The institutional framework for the regulation of telecommunications and the application of the EC competition rules : Final report : report to the European Commission (DG IV)
The great music trivia quiz book
Application of the European Community competition rules in the telecommunications sector
The ultimate video game quiz book
The official ultimate 80s pop quiz
Crime guys
Withholding software interoperability information as abuse of a dominant position in the EC
Four essays on: computer and information technology law
40 years of hits 1960-2000
Competitiveness and urban economic development policy in information society
ICT cluster study Helsinki region
ROCK'N'ROLL TRIVIA
Questions and answers
Big chart hits now! : vocal / piano
Competitive advantage through information technology
The Competitiveness of Tampere Central Region in  Localization Decisions of ICT Companies
Competition aspects of interconnection agreements in the telecommunications sector : final report : report to the European Commission (DG IV). June 1995
Strategy : seeking and securing competitive advantage
So You think you know Harry Potter? : [over 1000 wizard quiz questinons!]
Game of Thrones : the ultimate quiz book
The ultimate derby quiz book : 1,000 questions covering times at the racecourse ground, the baseball ground and pride park
Information and communication technologies & competitiveness
Dynamic capabilities : how organizational structures affect knowledge processes
The I used to know that activity book : stuff you forgot from school
Development of GNT Finland Ltd. services
Information systems role in strategic agility : a supply chain context
Nat geo quiz! : wild life : Xbox 360, live
Violetta : rhythm & music : Wii
EC competition and telecommunications law
The amazing, colossal book of horror trivia : everything you always wanted to know about scary movies but were afraid to ask
European competitiveness report 2001 : commission staff working document
Executive summary.
The unseen university challenge : Terry Pratchett's discworld quizbook
Competition in telecommunications
A renewing, human-centeric and competitive Finland : the National Knowledge Society Strategy 2007-2015
Y2K - Embracing the new millennium : International Computer Art Competition
Abstract.
Technology and the future of Europe : global competition and the environment in the 1990s
The essential Tolkien trivia and quiz book : a Middle-Earth miscellany
Development of product data management and material control
This article is based on the master's thesis work entitled "An interaction frame-work for deploying the knowledge of diasporas: Using Finland as an example" (Harikkala 2013). The original work contributes to the existing literature on the concepts of diaspora and knowledge by linking the two concepts together in a novel way. Furthermore, the original work links the novel combination to economic benefit. This article has offered a shortened yet equally novel outlook on the concepts. Although this article examines only the situation in Finland more closely, the findings suggest the importance of continued work on the subject both theoretically and in other empirical settings.
The Tolkien quiz book
Knowledge, space, economy
The Cricket quiz book
Strategic learning : a route to competitive advantage?
Big chart hits now! : vocal, piano : [Pop the question]
From control to competion : changes in regulator's strategic position in telecommunication markets
Spellbound
Now that's what I call music mastermind
National Geographic challenge! : PlayStation 3.
Procedural aspects of EC competition law
Rock & pop quiz book : over 1000 questions from Abba to Zappa
EC competition law and sector specific regulations : the development of electronic communications law in the EC regulatory framework
Impact of ICT on SMEs : case Rwanda
Beyond competition to association : the economic transformation of Baltic state cities
The regulation of termination charges in telephony
EC information technology law
Games without frontiers : theories and methods for game studies and design
The encyclopedia of TV game shows
The rock 'n' pop quiz book
Management information systems
The utilization of diasporas' knowledge in Finland
The official John Wayne reference book
A comparative study on competition of European GSM operators
Going global : the challenges for knowledge-based economies
