http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14037 Victorian era
Victorian era
The India fan
The wolfman
Pictorial Victorians : the inscription of values in word and image
The complete works of Shakespeare
The Victorian scrapbook
Clockwork angel
Set in the fantastic steampunk world On her majesty's service is a stylish board game for two to four competing players. You'll need to navigate the rotating tiles that make up the game board, trading ethers and artefacts in order to fulfill the quest set by Queen Victoria, all the while dealing with the agents of the Shadow Master
Oscar Wilde and the nest of vipers
Bella Wallis : a Victorian mystery quartet
Portrait of an age : Victorian England
Garden of lies
House and home in the Victorian city : working-class housing 1850-1914
Bleak expectations : the complete fourth series
Victorianism in the United States : its era and its legacy
Tom-All-Alone's
The revenge of captain Paine
Victorian house style : handbook
Barchester towers
'Til death do us part
Encyclopedia of Victorian needlework : [Dictionary of needlework]. Vol. 2, M-Z and supplement
Masterpieces of Victorian photography
Victorian culture and society
Victorian narrative painting
Victorian things
Victorian needlepoint
First published in 1977, this book is a companion volume to Suffer and Be Still. It looks at the widening sphere of women's activities in the Victorian age and testifies to the dual nature of the legal and social constraints of the period: on the one hand, the ideal of the perfect lady and the restrictive laws governing marriage and property posed limits to women's independence; on the other hand, some Victorian women chose to live lives of great variety and complexity. By uncovering new data and reinterpreting old, the contributors in this volume debunk some of the myths surrounding the Victorian woman and alter stereotypes on which many of today's social customs are based.
Lady of Ashes
The diabolical Miss Hyde
The street philosopher
The world of Smog : On her majesty's service
Amelia Peabody's Egypt : a compendium
How to tame your duke
Collection of 26 tales of high adventure through Victorian and Edwardian eras
Evolution and society : a study in Victorian social theory
A prison of expectations : the family in Victorian culture
Victorian & Edwardian decorative arts
The Forsyte saga
How to master your marquis
Bleak expectations : the complete third series
Victorian poetry
Electricity
Prostitution and the Victorians
The Victorian mystery megapack : 27 classic mystery tales
Nearing the end of a Third Age of Industry fueled by a magical substanced named aether, Robert Borrow, the son of a guildsman, becomes involved in a revolution to end a society based on inequality, greed, and corruption
Desire me now
Studies in Mid-Victorian imperialism
The silent cry
Revenge in a Cold River
The league of extraordinary gentlemen. Volume two
Victoria's heyday
The league of extraordinary gentlemen. Vol. II
The thieves' labyrinth
Clockwork prince
The Victorian city : images and realities. Vol. 1, Past and present, and Numbers of people
A Christmas promise
The Victorians at war, 1815-1914 : an encyclopedia of British military history
Victorian England : portrait of an age
Encyclopedia of Victorian needlework : [Dictionary of needlework]. Vol. 1, A-L
"I had rather be a thing than an angel." : a comparative study of Jane Austen's and Charlotte Brontë's views on women's status in Victorian society
Perfection, the state, and Victorian liberalism
The detective branch
The Victorians since 1901 : histories, representations and revisions
Victorians undone : tales of the flesh in the age of decorum
Nightmares of Eloi and Morlocks : concepts of degeneration amongst the late Victorians
Quicksilver
The steampunk megapack : 26 modern and classic steampunk stories
Victorian melodramas : seven English, French and American melodramas
The Victorian age in literature
Corsets & clockwork : 13 steampunk romances
The dead witness : a connoisseur's collection of Victorian detective stories
"Frank" and I.
A natural history of dragons
A work of formidable scholarship that propels the reader from idea to idea. Reading it is like unravelling the bandages on a mummy to find the face of the past staring back in all its terrible and poignant humanity' Financial TimesA groundbreaking account of what it was like to live in a Victorian body from one of our best historians.
The Victorian city : images and realities. Vol. 2, Shapes on the ground, and change of accent
The making of Victorian England
The perfect poison
ROMANCE: HISTORICAL. HOW TO TAME YOUR DUKE is the dazzling first novel in a new trilogy by historical romance writer Juliana Gray whose debut Affairs By Moonlight series was richly praised. Lose your heart to this witty and romantic story of three intrepid proncesses caught in a deadly plot. Perfect for fans of Julia Quinn and Suzanne Enoch. England, 1888. Quiet and scholarly Princess Emilie has always avoided adventure, until she's forced to disguise herself as a tutor in the household of the imposing Duke of Ashland, a former soldier disfigured in battle and abandoned by his wife. When chance draws her into a secret liaison with the duke, Emilie can't resist the opportunity to learn what lies behind his forbidding mask, and find out what adventure really means...The duke never imagines that his son's tutor and his mysterious golden-haired beauty are one and the same.
Carver's truth
The Victorian empire : a pictorial history 1837-1901
The light ages
Advice on courtship & marriage
Victorian people : a reassessment of persons and themes 1851-67
Affinity
Bertie and the seven bodies : from the detective memoirs of King Edward VII
Christmas past
Little bones
Early Victorian Britain 1832-51
The Victorians
The glass of time : the secret life of Miss Esperanza Gorst : narrated by herself
Bleak expectations : the complete first series
A widening sphere : changing roles of Victorian women
Victorian architecture : four studies in evaluation
Victorian religion : faith and life in Britain
The Victorian Debate : English Literature and Society 1832-1901
Second sight
Literary Manuscripts: Berg
Bleak expectations : the complete second series
