http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1403 extracts
extracts
Engineering vascularized soft tissue
Reindeer-derived bone protein extract in the healing of bone defects:evaluation of various carrier materials and delivery systems
Field experiments were conducted to evaluate the effect of an unfortified extract, of Ascophyllum nodosum on yield and nutritional quality of two broccoli cultivars ("Ironman" and "Red Admiral"). Total phenolic, total flavonoid, and total isothiocyanates content were higher in all seaweed treatments compared to the untreated control. In "Ironman" there was a 2.2 fold increase in total phenolic, 1.5 fold in total flavonoid and 2.6 fold in total isothiocyanates content, in the higher application rate compared to the control. Similarly in "Red Admiral", there was a 2.3 fold increase in total phenolic, 2.6 fold in total flavonoid and, 2.2 fold in total isothiocyanates content. There was a consistent effect on the increase of total phenolic, total flavonoid and total isothiocyanates content, while there was no yield increase recorded at the lower seaweed application rate. Results suggest that application of seaweed extracts can significantly increase the amount of phytochemicals and improve the nutritional quality of broccoli.
The objective of the present study was to evaluate the potential of pressurized hot water extracted hemicellulose fractions from various wood species as feeds for ruminants. In Experiment 1, the fermentability of several hemicellulose extracts was screened using an in vitro gas production method. The samples were extracted from spruce (Picea abies) including mainly galactoglucomannan (GGM), from birch (Betula pendula) consisting mainly of xylan and from larch (Larix sibirica) consisting mainly of arabinogalactan. The GGM and xylan samples were readily fermented by rumen microbes while arabinogalactan was not. Based on the in vitro study, GGM was chosen for an in vivo digestibility trial using sheep, where it was fed at increasing proportions of diet dry matter (0, 47, 94 and 141 g kg-1) in a Latin Square design. The in vivo organic matter digestibility of GGM was relatively low, 0.58, but PHWE extracted hemicellulose has some potential as a feed for ruminants.
Medical properties of peat
Characteristics and composition of extracts from Finnish peat
L*a*b* (CIELAB) color measurement and analysis of methanol soluble extractives from secondary xylem of silver birch (B. pendula) as a function of growing site, felling season, location in the stem, storage time and drying mode
Brassica crops are rich is phytochemical compounds and frequent consumption of these vegetables has been associated with a lower risk in cancer, heart disease, hypertension and stroke. The effect of three commercial extracts of the brown seaweed, Ascophyllum nodosum, on phytochemical content and yield in cabbage plants was tested under field conditions in two consecutive crops. Total phenolic content was higher in all seaweed treated plants, with the highest increase recorded with AlgaeGreenTM (3.5 l ha-1) with a 2 fold increase relative to the control. The other commercial seaweed extract, XT achieved a lower increases of 1.3 fold (3.5 l ha-1). Similar increases were recorded in total flavonoid content. No statistically significant increases in yield were recorded with any of the seaweed extracts tested. The results suggest that seaweed extracts stimulated an increased accumulation of phytochemicals in cabbage but had no significant effect in yield under these experimental conditions.
Enhancement of phenolic and flavonoid compounds in cabbage (Brassica oleraceae) following application of commercial seaweed extracts of the brown seaweed, (Ascophyllum nodosum)
Green manure extracts as stimulators and inhibitors of germination of barley and oat
In vitro antibacterial effects of single or combined plant extracts
Traditional medicinal uses and biological activities of some plant extracts of African Combretum Loefl., Terminalia L. and Pteleopsis Engl. species (Combretaceae)
Radish growth on extracted peats
Betalains and phenolics in plant extracts, especially red beetroot (Beta vulgaris)
"Providing a clear description of different extraction methods, tools, and techniques, this book reviews modern approaches that enhance each extraction process. The text presents both classical and emerging extraction processes applied in food manufacture as well as the fundamentals of extraction and mechanical destruction techniques applied to plant materials and biosuspensions. The author discusses new results and methods related to bio- and supercritical fluid assisted extraction, extraction assisted by power ultrasonic, microwaves, induction heating, pulsed electric fields, arc discharge, ohmic heating, extrusion and vacuum, and various combined methods"--
The effects of wood derived compounds on biological treatment
Development and validation of an HPLC-UV method for the determination of alkaloids in Nauclea pobeguinii
Digestion of wood-based hemicellulose extracts as screened by in vitro gas production method and verified in vivo using sheep
The extracts of Aspergillus niger, Lactobacillus lactis and Nigella sativa seeds as aflatoxin and growth inhibitors of Aspergillus flavus were screened. Minimal inhibitory (MIC) and minimal fungicidal (MFC) concentrations of the extracts were determined. N. sativa seeds extract showed a higher inhibitory effect than the other two bioagents extracts. The results show that N. sativa extract inhibits growth and aflatoxin production, which may be due to a reduction in lipid biosynthesis in the toxin producing cultures. The correlation between versicolorin A accumulation and aflatoxin biosynthesis by A. flavus Link was also discussed. It could be of significant importance as bio-preservatives in the prevention and control of aflatoxin production.
Enhancing extraction processes in the food industry
Cereal straw as a resource for sustainable biomaterials and biofuels : chemistry, extractives, lignins, hemicelluloses and cellulose
Papermaking science and technology. Book 7, Recycled fiber and deinking
On-farm evaluation of some plant extracts as biofungicide and bioinsecticide on cowpea in Southwest Nigeria
Reindeer-derived bone protein extract in the healing of bone defects : evaluation of various carrier materials and delivery systems
Natural products of woody plants I-II : chemicals extraneous to the lignocellulosic cell wall
Papermaking science and technology. Book 11, Pigment coating and surface sizing of paper
Inhibitory effects of wood extracts on the spoilage flora of marinated poultry meat
Summary.
Antibacterial properties of Croton species
Wood chemistry : fundamentals and applications
Biorefinery co-products : phytochemicals, primary metabolites and value-added biomass processing
A study on bacteria-targeted screening and in vitro safety assessment of natural products
Adsorption of softwood-derived organic material onto various fillers during papermaking
Dissolved and colloidal substances and bacterial activity in papermaking
Essential oils as reagents in green chemistry
Effect of biological sprays on the incidence of grey mould, fruit yield and fruit quality in organic strawberry production
Papermaking science and technology. Book 20, Biorefining of forest resources
Effect on yield, total phenolic, total flavonoid and total isothiocyanate content of two broccoli cultivars (Brassica oleraceae var italica) following the application of a commercial brown seaweed extract (Ascophyllum nodosum)
Extractives in stemwood and knots of acacia and aspen trees
Wood structure and composition
Ecotoxicological status of a watercourse recovering from heavy loading by pulp and paper industry
Effect of some bioagents on growth and toxin production of  Aspergillus flavus Link
Polyphenolic and essential oil composition of Mentha and their antimicrobial effect
