http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1401 classifications
classifications
Personality disorders : Toward the DSM-V
Solving classification problems with multicriteria decision aiding approaches
AEZ in Asia : proceedings of the regional workshop on agro-ecological zones methodology and applications : held at FAO Regional Office for Asia and the Pacific (RAPA) Bangkok, Thailand, 17-23 November 1991.
International ship and port facility security code : port security handbook 2004
Abstract.
Common nomenclature of industrial products NIPRO
Nursing diagnoses : definitions & classification 2012-2014
Information content of bank credit rating changes : evidence from Europe
"The process of constructing concepts underpins our capacity to encode information in an efficient and competent manner and also, ultimately, our ability to think in terms of abstract ideas such as justice, love and happiness. But what are the mechanisms which correspond to psychological categorization processes? This book unites many prominent approaches in modelling categorization. Each chapter focuses on a particular formal approach to categorization, presented by the proponent(s) or advocate(s) of that approach, and the authors consider the relation of this approach to other models and the ultimate objectives in their research programmes. The volume evaluates progress that has been made in the field and potential future developments. This is an essential companion to any scientist interested in the formal description of categorization and, more generally, in formal approaches to cognition. It will be the definitive guide to formal approaches in categorization research for years to come"--
Fine lines : Vladimir Nabokov's scientific art
Cartography of science : scientometric mapping with multidimensional scaling methods
Understorey vegetation in fresh and Herb-Rich upland forests in South-west Lapland
Electronic rulebook : rules for classification of ships
International classification of functioning, disability and health : ICF
International patent classification. Vol. 4, Sections G and H
Classification of plant communities
International patent classification. Vol. 2, Sections C and D : Chemistry, Metallurgy
ICD-10 : international statistical classification of diseases and related health problems. Vol. 1.
The discipline of organizing
Classification of SOx Scrubber for Ships
What makes segmentation good? A case study in boreal forest habitat mapping
A guide for anesthesia values : 2013 relative value guide
Lectures in theoretical biology
International classification of financial reporting
International statistical classification of diseases and related health problems. Vol. 2, Instruction manual
Project management ontology - the organizational learning perspective
Finnish sustainability rating system for data centers : user manual, v0.4 for New Constructions
Something old, something new: disorders specifically associated with stress in the ICD 11th revision
The Oxford system of decimal classification for forestry : being the definitive English version as authorized by the Rome Congress of the International Union of Forest Research Organizations, Sept. 1953.
An introduction to the seventeenth edition of the Dewey decimal classification
Transportation of hazardous materials : a practical guide to compliance
Classification of metallic targets using a walk-through metal detection portal
Diagnostic and statistical manual: mental disorders : with special supplement on plans for revision
Development of strength grading of timber using combined measurement techniques : report of the Combigrade-project - phase 2
Integrated food security phase classification : technical manual version 2.0 : evidence and standards for better food security decisions
Korkeakoulujen oppiainejärjestelmä = Högskolornas läroämnesklassificering = The classification of subjects in institutes of higher education
Environmental life cycle assessment of products : backgrounds - October 1992
Standard international trade classification : revision 3
WHO classification of tumours of the central nervous system
A census of the determinable genera of the stegocephalia
International patent classification. Vol. 5, Guide
A companion to digital humanities
The Alko thesaurus
Toimialaluokitus 1988 = Näringsgrensindelningen 1988 = Standard industrial classification 1988. Liite 2.
Performance persistence of Morningstar rated funds
Archaeological typology and practical reality : a dialectical approach to artifact classification and sorting
Essays on credit risk in SMEs
A history of rating rules for yachts 1854-1931
A classification of Palaearctic habitats
Classification of trail settings in an alpine national park using the Recreation Opportunity Spectrum approach
We tested if hand-carried field proximal soil sensing (PSS) can be used to map the distribution of anthropogenic Amazonian Dark Earths (ADE). ADE soils are rich in archaeological artefacts, nutrients, organic matter and carbon in the very stable form of pyrogenic carbon, also referred to as black carbon or biochar. To test the capacity of PSS to detect signature ADE properties we measured electrical conductivity (ECa), magnetic susceptibility (MSa) and gamma ray data by transect sampling and compared these readings, using fuzzy classification, with datasets on chemical soil properties from a 28 ha large study area located on the Belterra Plateau of the Lower Amazon in northern Brazil. Results indicate that ECa and MSa measurements were good indicators of ADE signatures, but that the gamma radiation sensor was less useful in the deeply weathered soils. PSS and fuzzy classification can be used for rapid field mapping of ADE for both agricultural and archaeological purposes.
Major trauma in Northern Finland
Prognostication of invasive ductal breast cancer : development of a morphometric grading system
Formal approaches in categorization
Rules & regulations for the construction and classification of vessels / : from 1st July, 1896, to the 30th June, 1897
Comprehensive virology. Vol. 1, Descriptive catalogue of viruses
Mapping diversity : developing a European classification of higher education institutions
New alternatives for k-Means clustering
Discourse and the construction of society : comparative studies of myth, ritual, and classification
Unstable feature relevance in classification tasks
Diagnostic and statistical manual of mental disorders : DSM-III
Progress in theoretical vegetation science
Molecular systematics of Noctuoidea (Insecta, Lepidoptera)
River conservation and management
Antique lace : identifying types and techniques
The WHO Application of ICD-10 to deaths during pregnancy, childhood and the puerperium : ISD-MM
Forest decimal classification : trilingual short version = Forstliche Dezimal-Klassifikation : dreisprachige Kurzfassung = Classification Décimale Forestière : version abrégée trilingue
Toimialaluokitus [TOL] : syyskuu 1972 = Näringsgrensindelningen [NI] : september 1972 = Standard industrial classification [SIC] : September 1972.
Biomass assessment in Bounaamane using SPOT data
International classification of functioning, disability and health : ICF : version 1.0
Forested wetlands classification and mapping : a literature review
Pesticide residues in food : methods of analysis and sampling
Ammattiluokitus = Yrkesklassificering = Classification of occupations. 1987, Liite 2: kolmikielinen tiivistelmä ammattiluokitus 1987:stä = Bilaga 2: trespråkigt sammandrag av yrkesklassificeringen 1987 = Appendix 2: a trilingual summary of the Classification of occupations 1987.
Classification and development of North American Indian cultures : a statistical analysis of the Driver-Massey sample
Nursing diagnoses: Definitions & classification 2009- 2011
Kasvupaikkaluokituksen tutkijaseminaari, Vantaa 27.10.1994 = Workshop of forest site classification
A comparative study of final year project topics and titles in Haaga Institute and University of Surrey (DOMS)
An implementation of a new order of the authority in ship's planning and production processes
Learning disabilities : a neuropsychological perspective
Towards a holistic interpretation of musical genre classification
Appraisal of seedling stand vegetation with airborne imagery and discrete-return LiDAR : an exploratory analysis
Dual classification reconsidered : Nyamwezi sacred kingship and other examples
UDC Universal decimal classification : standard edition. 2, Alphabetical index
International standard classification of occupations
Tools objectcategories
Phytoplankton assemblages as a criterion in the ecological classification of lakes in Finland
Semantic place recognition for context aware services
Diamond grading ABC : handbook for diamond grading
Pohjoismainen leikkausluokitus = Nordic Classification of Surgical Procedures
Statistical models in predicting the bond ratings : probit model and rank transformation discriminant analysis
The aim was to study an implementation of a new rule of authorities at Aker yards and to propose a new way of implementing the new rules. However, when it was discovered that an organized way of the implementation did not exist, a new way was created during the implementation process. The new rule of the authorities was studied, an interpretation was made and based on the interpretation, instructions as well as a teaching material was prepared. Almost a hundred engineers of an organization and in addition 32 design offices were educated. Electronical filing system was created to help the implementation process. With the cooperation of the authorities and a ship owner a new ship building rule was refined to an executable form resulting the new way of the implementation. The implementation process was studied and based on the experience gained from the implementation and a comprehensive review on literature about knowledge management and organizational learning, a proposal for the implementation of a new rule of the authorities was made.
Proceedings of Aggregate 2001 - environment and economy, Helsinki, Finland 6-8 August 2001.. Volume 1
Airborne laser scanning based forest inventory for forest management by applying novel metrics and multiple data sources
Intermediate GNVQ engineering
ICPC-2 : international classification of promary care
Testing a spectral-based feature set for audio genre classification
Appropriate classification of three Swedish soils for agrarian and environmental management
Evaluation of the clinical TNM staging system for malignant pleural mesothelioma : an assessment in 88 patients
Modelling of peat deposits
Electronic poetry : understanding poetry in the digital environment
The use of the international classification of impairments, disabilities and handicaps (ICIDH) in rehabilitation
Proceedings of aggregate 2001- Environment and economy, extra volume : Helsinki, Finland 6-8 august 2001
Enhancing web search result access with automatic categorization
Five kingdoms : an illustrated guide to the phyla of life on earth
Convergence and demographic transition : a club approach
Feature selection for classification of music according to expressed emotion
Toimialaluokitus (TOL) : 1979 = Näringsgrensindelningen (NI) 1979 = Standard industrial classification (SIC) 1979
Institutionaalisten sektoreiden luokitus = Den institutionella sektorindelningen = Classification of the institutional sectors
The impact of credit rating announcements on bond and CDS markets in Europe
The Selection and Use of Essential Medicines : Report of the WHO Expert Committee, 2011 (including the 17th WHO Model List of Essential Medicines and the 3rd WHO Model List of Essential Medicines for Children)
Rahoitusvaateiden luokitus = Klassificering av finansobjekt = Classification of financial assets and liabilities
Toimialaluokitus 1995 = Näringsgrensindelningen 1995 = Standard industrial classification 1995. Liite 3 = Bilaga 3 = Annex 3, Tiivistelmä = Sammandrag = Summary
Classification of occupational therapy
Classification Procedures of Engine Room Related Auxiliary  Equipment
The Mycenaean pottery
Guide to waste classification
Peat classification in relation to several methods used to determine fiber content and degree of decomposition
Classification and nomenclature of viruses : 3rd report of the International Committee on Taxonomy of Viruses
Using proximal soil sensors and fuzzy classification for mapping Amazonian Dark Earths
Peathorizons and their use to typify mire profiles
The types of international folktales : a classification and bibliography : based on the system of Antti Aarne and Stith Thompson. Part 3, Appendices
Central product classification (CPC) : version 1.0
Automatic subgenre classification of heavy metal music
Atlas of world cultures
Classification and nomenclature of viruses
The Mycenaean pottery : analysis and classification
Sosioekonominen asema -luokitus : ammattiasemaluokitus = Klassificering av socioekonomisk ställning = Classification of socio-economic status
TNM classification of malignant tumours
Lizards of the world
Wetland resources of Illinois : an analysis and atlas
Summary.
International classification of diseases for oncology : ICD-O
Materials in eighteenth-century science : a historical ontology
International statistical classification of diseases and related health problems. Vol. 1, Tabular list
Navigating in the world of services
Proposals for the classification, description and mapping of soils in urban areas
Library of Congress classification. M, Music
Microbial classification : 12th symposium of the Society for General Microbiology held at the Royal Institution, London, April 1962.
Reconstructing a visitor typology based on recreation experiences
Antti Aarne : a global classic of folkloristics
The European discovery of the Indian flora
Language classification by numbers
Occupation analysis in practice
Gleason grading of prostate cancer : a contemporary approach
Guidelines for DDD
On text document classification and retrieval using self-organising maps
The UDC : essays for a new decade
The types of international folktales : a classification and bibliography, based on the system of Antti Aarne and Stith Thompson. Part 2, Tales of the stupid ogre, anecdotes and jokes, and formula tales
Essays on empirical asset pricing
Education of students with an intellectual disability : research and practice
Diagnosing gender : transitivity analysis on the diagnostic category of gender dysphoria in DSM-5
RECAL thesaurus : prosthetics, orthotics and rehabilitation
7th meeting of the East and Southern African sub-committee for soil correlation and evaluation, Gaborone, Botswana, 30 March - 8 April 1987.
The types of international folktales : a classification and bibliography : based on the system of Antti Aarne and Stith Thompson. Part 1, Animal tales, tales of magic, religious tales, and realistic tales, with an introduction
Trends in wound care [2]. Volume 2
Measurements and classifications in musculoskeletal radiology
Managing Requirements of Standards and Regulations for Engine Control System : Case Study of Storing System Requirements from DNV in Polarion
The classification of obligations
The types of the Irish folktale
Keys to soil taxonomy
The primary structures of fabrics
Classification of indoor climate, construction, and finishing materials
The hemiptera
Classification and diagnosis of psychological abnormality
