http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14092 negotiation skills
negotiation skills
The power of positive no : how to say no and still get to yes
Achieving high performance
Case studies in Japanese negotiating behavior
Getting to yes : negotiating agreement without giving in
Negotiate this! : by caring, but not T-H-A-T much
Sales ethics : how to sell effectively while doing the right thing
The unspoken dialogue : undertanding body language and controlling interviews and negotiations
The negotiation book : your definitive guide to successful negotiating
Counselling for managers
Getting (more of) what you want : How the secrets of economics & psychology can help you negotiate anything in business & life
English for international negotiations : a cross-cultural case study approach
Running virtual meetings : test your technology, keep their attention, connect across time zones
Approaches to a business negotiation case study : teamwork, humour and teaching
A short course in international negotiating : planning and conducting international commercial negotiations
World class selling : new sales competencies
Persuade : using the seven drivers of motivation to master influence and persuasion
On negotiating
Beyond reason : using emotions as you negotiate
Negotiating for dummies
Negotiation rules : a practical guide to big deal negotiation
Training for skillful European neagotiations
Code Switching: how to talk so men will listen
Finland, cultural lone wolf
"In business as in life - you don't get what you deserve, you get what you negotiate"
Proactive selling : control the process--win the sale
Yes! : 50 scientifically proven ways to be persuasive
Negotiation : communication for diverse settings
Betting the company : complex negotiation strategies for law and business
The negotiator in you
Change your business with NLP : powerful tools to improve your organisation's performance and get results
Conflict diagnosis and alternative dispute resolution
Negotiation genius : how to overcome obstacles and achieve brilliant results at the bargaining table and beyond
Effective meetings. Teacher's book
Gain the edge! : Negotiating to get what you want
The perfect meeting : all you need to get it right first time
Global business : planning for sales and negotiations
International business negotiations
The mind and heart of the negotiator
Brilliant negotiations : what brilliant negotiators know, do, and say
The negotiating game
Manipulating meetings : how to get what you want, when you want it
The negotiation fieldbook : simple strategies to help you negotiate everything
Sales negotiations with a Russian client : cultural awareness as a tool for successful business cooperation
Cross-cultural business behavior : marketing, negotiating, sourcing and managing across cultures
The right way to conduct meetings conferences and discussions
Negotiation strategies and skills in international business : a study of negotiators in Finland
Messages : the communication skills book
Speak with power and confidence : tested ideas for becoming a more powerful communicator
Globalization challenges companies to pay more attention on cultural aspects. Enterprises from Russia are important partners for many companies and therefore it is crucial to be aware of special characteristics of the Russian culture. The purpose of this thesis is to study the effect of culture in sales negotiations. It aims to provide solutions on how a sales person should act in an intercultural situation to reach a long lasting and profitable relationship. The study concentrates on the Western-Russian business culture. It specifies issues which should be recognized in Russia to avoid misunderstandings in an international environment. The study consists of a theoretical and empirical part. The theory deals with general information of cultural concepts and set the Russian culture in comparison. In the empirical study employees from the case company answered to a questionnaire concerning their experience with Russian clients. The survey was carried out with a qualitative method and the results were compared to the findings it the theoretical part. The main aim of this research is to show the influence of culture in international business and to clarify which cultural concepts are helping to understand foreign manners. In order to be able to cooperate with people from different cultures, sales people should know the characteristics of other culture. Customer orientation is an important part of negotiations and to reach a profitable result being aware of cultural differences like values, time and manner, is necessary.  Based on results of this study, the case company should pay more attention on cultural differences. Employees have knowledge of Russian culture based on experience but it could be deepened with theoretical information. This way sales people could build a knowledge base on cultural issues, improve the relationship to their existing customer base and to react to the challenges of globalization.
Complex sales playbook : a psycho-scientific process for closing big deals
Fifty ways to improve your telephoning and teleconferencing skills : ...without too much effort
Every day we negotiate, whether in private or professional life. Discover the secrets of successful negotiation and learn successful negotiation techniques from a book packed with expert tips and practical examples! Discern what motivations lie behind the actions of your negotiating partners and learn how to prepare yourself optimally, keep a cool head in difficult situations and successfully implement the lessons of negotiation psychology! This modern counselor provides insights into economic, psychological and social aspects of negotiations in an innovative and easy -to-read manner. He turns gray theory into colorful reading. Dr. Sandra Maria Gronewald, journalist and presenter for ZDF In this compact and easy to understand book you will find many beneficial observations and educational experiences. Prof. Dr. Dr. h.c. Bert Rürup , former Chairman of the German Council of Economic Experts This book is an indispensable guide for anyone who wants to make communication more successful. Prof. Dr. Burkhard Schwenker, Chairman of the Executive Committee of the consulting firm Roland Berger Strategy Consultants This book contains case studies for effective practice that explain what is most important in negotiations. Stefan Dräger, Chairman of Dräger Verwaltungs AG In this compact and easy-to-read book, the author illustrates how negotiations can be made more successful. Carsten Cramer, Director of Marketing and Authorized Signatory of Borussia Dortmund GmbH & Co. KgaA A valuable and important book for everyone who needs to communicate easily and to negotiate successfully. Dr. Dietmar Otti, Managing Director of Marketing at Axel Springer Media Impact
The magic of dialogue : transforming conflict into cooperation
Negotiation basics : concepts, skills, and exercises
Whether you're hosting a conference call or running a WebEx meeting, virtual meetings are ripe for problems. Poor call quality, people forgetting to mute, people staying muted rather than participating--the list of things that can and do go wrong is endless. But you can prepare and lead an effective meeting from afar. This book will quickly bring you up to speed. With guiding principles and tips for making your virtual meeting run smoothly, you'll tick through every item on your agenda. Running Virtual Meetings guides you through the basics of: - Conducting efficient and productive virtual meetings - Preparing for a successful meeting--from crafting a realistic agenda to performing a technological test-drive - Managing common problems, such as connectivity issues, low talkers, blowhards, and background noise - Following up and holding people accountable when your attendees are spread all over the globe.--
The art of negotiating : psychological strategies for gaining advantageous bargains
The new negotiating edge : the behavioral approach for results and relationships
This is a practical book on negotiation in all realms of life. The authors cover the steps in the negotiating process and describe the necessary interpersonal skills for effective negotiators. They look at the factors that cause negotiations to break down, what to do when that happens, and the ethical and moral dimensions of negotiation. Chapters 7-12 examine key areas of life in which negotiation takes place: interpersonal relations, the workplace, consumer settings, community relations, and international affairs. The book: contains practitioner interviews; provides readers with real-world examples; and, emphasizes throughout the day-to-day relevance of negotiating skills.
Effective negotiation : from research to results
When people are the problem
The truth about negotiations
The field sales handbook
Effective negotiating. Teacher's book
In company : upper intermediate
Guerrilla negotiating : unconventional weapons and tactics to get what you want
Negotiation skills training
Negotiate with feng shui : enhance your skills in diplomacy, business and relationships
Think before you speak : the conplete guide to strategic negotiation
The negotiation handbook
Negotiating strategically : one versus all
Skilled interpersonal communication : research, theory, and practice
Culture, fairness, and trust : contrasting influences on negotiation behavior and outcomes in China, Korea, Japan, and the United States
The complete negotiator
Negotiation : how to craft agreements that give everyone more..
Approaches to a business negotiation : case study: teamwork, humour and teaching
101 ways to make meetings active : surefire ideas to engage your group
Getting ready to negotiate : the Getting to  yes workbook
Business Spain : a practical guide to understanding Spanish business culture
Training in interpersonal skills : TIPS for managing people at work
Group discussion : theory and technique
Business plans : 45 ways to make yours more successful
Sales negotiations in professional service firms : an exploratory study on agenda setting and issue management
Practical negotiating : tools, tactics & techniques
Research on negotiation in organizations : a research annual. Volume 3, Handbook of negotiation research
You can sell anything you want and targets are always achievable - Brilliant Selling will show you how. Whether you're new to selling or want to take yourself to the next level, this bestelling, and definitive guide will show you how to instantly improve your sales performance.
The art of business negotiation
The skilful use of questions
Negotiate to win : the 21 rules for successful negotiation
25 role plays for negotiation skills
How to win any negotiation without raising your voice, losing your cool, or coming to blows
The outstanding negotiator
Negotiating, persuading and influencing
I win, you win : the essential guide to principled negotiation
"William Ury, coauthor of the international bestseller Getting to Yes, returns with another groundbreaking book, this time asking: how can we expect to get to yes with others if we haven't first gotten to yes with ourselves? Renowned negotiation expert William Ury has taught tens of thousands of people from all walks of life--managers, lawyers, factory workers, coal miners, schoolteachers, diplomats, and government officials--how to become better negotiators. Over the years, Ury has discovered that the greatest obstacle to successful agreements and satisfying relationships is not the other side, as difficult as they can be. The biggest obstacle is actually our own selves--our natural tendency to react in ways that do not serve our true interests. But this obstacle can also become our biggest opportunity, Ury argues. If we learn to understand and influence ourselves first, we lay the groundwork for understanding and influencing others. In this prequel to Getting to Yes, Ury offers a seven-step method to help you reach agreement with yourself first, dramatically improving your ability to negotiate with others. Practical and effective, Getting to Yes with Yourself helps readers reach good agreements with others, develop healthy relationships, make their businesses more productive, and live far more satisfying lives"
Multiparty negotiation. Vol. 2, Theory and practice of public dispute resolution
How to negotiate world wide
A cultural analysis of Chinese negotiating art : a strategic framework
Multiparty negotiation. Vol. 3, Complex litigation and legal transactions
Brilliant selling
Secrets of power negotiating for salespeople : inside secrets from a master negotiator
Negotiating in China : 36 strategies
Master-hand of business negotiation for white-collars in foreign corporations = Waiqi bailing sucheng yingyu zhi shangwu tanpan gaoshou
Learning business negotiation skills in English in tertiary education
Negotiation for purchasing professionals
Employee Relations
The negotiating game : how to get what you want
The hidden rules of successful negotiation and communication : getting to yes!
Negotiation skills and strategies : developing skills
Nonlinear Distortion in Wireless Systems: Modelling and Simulation with Matlab(r) describes the principles of modeling and simulation of nonlinear distortion in single and multichannel wireless communication systems using both deterministic and stochastic signals. Models and simulation methods of nonlinear amplifiers explain in detail how to analyze and evaluate the performance of data communication links under nonlinear amplification. The book deals with the analysis of nonlinear systems with stochastic inputs and establishes the performance metrics of communication systems with regard to nonlinearity. The relationship between nonlinear system parameters (which are model dependent) and system performance figures of merit is established when the input to the system consists of real-world communication signals. The book also addresses the problem of how to embed models of distortion in system-level simulators such as MATLAB&trade; and MATLAB Simulink&trade; where practical techniques that professionals can use immediately on their projects are presented. The book explores simulation and programming issues and provides a comprehensive reference of simulation tools for nonlinearity in wireless communication systems.
"Where the fate of a company is on the line in a negotiation, legal and business teams must work seamlessly to reach a successful conclusion. Unfortunately, there's often a gap between lawyers, who are typically untrained in business strategy, and business executives, who lack basic knowledge of contract law and regulations. In Betting the Company: Complex Negotiation Strategies for Law and Business, Andrew Trask and Andrew DeGuire offer a thorough introduction to enable lawyers and business people to understand the theoretical concepts and to apply practical tools to conduct a successful, multi-faceted negotiation. The authors, both of whom have extensive experience conducting high-stakes negotiation, explain the different strategic considerations negotiators face, from the pressures on individuals representing a larger group to the difficulties that arise from clashes of corporate culture. They also discuss the specific challenges raised by negotiations that involve multiple parties, multiple issues, and take place over longer periods of time. Throughout this illuminating book, Trask and DeGuire provide concrete, practical advice on how best to guide companies through the most difficult negotiations."--Publisher's website.
How to be a successful entrepreneur : spot the opportunity, take the risk and build a brilliant business
The dynamics of bargaining games
Psychological processes in international negotiations : theoretical and practical perspectives
Interpersonal peacemaking : confrontations and third-party consultations
Multiparty negotiation. Vol. 1, Multiparty negotiation: an introduction to theory and practice
The essential guide for buying from China's manufacturers : The 10 steps to success
Persuasion : reception and responsibility
The win-win solution : guaranteeing fair shares to everybody
The practical negotiator
International negotiating : a primer for American business professionals
Negotiating rationally
Effective meeting skills
Business communication : connecting at work
Negotiating and influencing skills : the art of creating and claiming value
The five golden rules of negotiation
Business-to business negotiation
International business negotiations : strategies, tactics and practices
Creative management
Negotiating with backbone : eight sales strategies to defend your price and value
Mastering negotiations : key skills in ensuring profitable and successful negotiations
Negotiating genuinely : being yourself in business
Multiparty negotiation. Vol. 4, Organizational and international negotiation
Power of soft : how to get what you want without being a ****
Negotiate wisely in business and technology
The effective negotiator : a practical guide to the strategies and tactics of conflict bargaining
Tips for Selling Your Ideas
Getting to yes with yourself : and other worthy opponents
Negotiation mastery
Talking through : clarification and problem-solving in professional work
Negotiating in an international environment : eight perspectives for business practitioners
A primer on negotiating corporate purchase contracts
Negotiate anywhere!
Negotiating for success : essential strategies and skills
Bargaining for advantage : negotiation strategies for reasonable people
Getting past no : negotiating your way from confrontation to cooperation
Personal management skills : legal practice handbook
Etiquette guide to Japan : know the rules that make the difference!
Crisis negotiations : managing critical incidents and hostage situations in law enforcement and corrections
The world of negotiation : theories, perceptions and practice
Research on negotiation in organizations : a biannual research series. Volume 2
Advanced negotiation techniques
Give and take revise : the complete guide to negotiating strategies and tactics
The prenegotiation planning book
Negotiation : closing deals, settling disputes, and making team decisions
The Japanese negotiator : sublety and strategy beyond Western logic
Essential managers : Selling
How to negotiate like a child : unleash the little monster within to get everything you want
A negotiation between the owners of a baseball stadium and a team owner demonstrates key principles of rational negotiation and common tactics and strategies for negotiating profitable agreements.
Getting (more of) what you want : how the secrets of economics and psychology can help you negotiate anything, in business and in life
Influence without authority
How to manage meetings : improve problem solving, encourage participation, keep control
Negotiation
Negotiation : readings, exercises and cases
