http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14067 topology
topology
Chedar: Peer-to-Peer Middleware
Essentials of topology with applications
An introduction to topology and homotopy
Networking : a beginner's guide
Digital geometry and Khalimsky spaces
Geometry, topology and quantum field theory
Topologies and uniformities
Introduction to general topology
An introduction to knot theory
New network paradigms for future multihop cellular systems
Categorical foundations : special topics in order, topology, and Sheaf theory
Papers on general topology and applications : eleventh summer conference at the University of Southern Maine
Introduction to topology
Equivariant fibre bundles : a local coordinate approach
Topological dynamics
Knots and physics
Approximation of G-equivariant maps in the very-strong-weak topology
General topology
Calculus on manifolds : a modern approach to classical theorems of advanced calculus
Knot theory and its applications
Handbook of knot theory
Statistical shape analysis with applications in R
Essential topology
This research monograph investigates how 'finite-dimensional' sets can be embedded into finite-dimensional Euclidean spaces. The first part brings together a number of abstract embedding results, and provides a unified treatment of four definitions of dimension that arise in disparate fields: Lebesgue covering dimension (from classical 'dimension theory'), Hausdorff dimension (from geometric measure theory), upper box-counting dimension (from dynamical systems), and Assouad dimension (from the theory of metric spaces). These abstract embedding results are applied in the second part of the book to the finite-dimensional global attractors that arise in certain infinite-dimensional dynamical systems, deducing practical consequences from the existence of such attractors: a version of the Takens time-delay embedding theorem valid in spatially extended systems, and a result on parametrisation by point values.
"Topology is a large subject with many branches broadly categorized as algebraic topology, point-set topology, and geometric topology. Point-set topology is the main language for a broad variety of mathematical disciplines. Algebraic topology serves as a powerful tool for studying the problems in geometry and numerous other areas of mathematics. Elements of Topology provides a basic introduction to point-set topology and algebraic topology. It is intended for advanced undergraduate and beginning graduate students with working knowledge of analysis and algebra. Topics discussed include the theory of convergence, function spaces, topological transformation groups, fundamental groups, and covering spaces.The author makes the subject accessible by providing more than 250 worked examples and counterexamples with applications. The text also includes numerous end-of-section exercises to put the material into context"--
General topology and homotopy theory
Beginning topology
Differential topology
TOPO 72- general topology and its applications : Pittsburgh international conference. 2. December 18-22, 1972
Topological vector spaces. 2
Studies on the degree of the map
Geometry and topology
Topology of metric spaces
Topological stability through tame retractions
Structural stability and morphogenesis : an outline of a general theory of models
Stability analysis of new paradigms in wireless networks
Building the bridgehead for E-learning market of Shanghai City : case study of Kemi-Tornio UAS
Intuitive topology
A short course in differential geometry and topology
Topology and cognition : what image-schemas reveal about the metaphorical language of emotions
Summary in Swedish.
Categorical fuzzy topology
Granulometric reduction : the role of extreme points in mathematical morphology
Topology : a geometric approach
An introduction to manifolds
A guide to topology
An introduction to abstract harmonic analysis
In the fifth of his famous list of 23 problems, Hilbert asked if every topological group which was locally Euclidean was in fact a Lie group. Through the work of Gleason, Montgomery-Zippin, Yamabe, and others, this question was solved affirmatively; more generally, a satisfactory description of the (mesoscopic) structure of locally compact groups was established. Subsequently, this structure theory was used to prove Gromov's theorem on groups of polynomial growth, and more recently in the work of Hrushovski, Breuillard, Green, and the author on the structure of approximate groups.
Differential manifolds
Real equivariant K-theory for complex projective spaces of representations of a finite cyclic group
Explorations in topology : map coloring, surfaces, and knots
The shape of space
Hilbert's fifth problem and related topics
First concepts of topology : the geometry of mappings of segments, curves, circles, and disks
Modern algebra and the rise of mathematical structures
When topology meets chemistry : a topological look at molecular chirality
Algebraic topology
New scientific applications of geometry and topology
A unifying study between modal-like operators, topologies, and fuzzy sets
Topological dynamics of random dynamical system
Bilipschitz extensions from smooth manifolds
Fractals and hyperspaces
Proper real analytic actions of Lie groups on manifolds
The homomorphisms on algebras of real valued functions defined on locally convex spaces and bounding sets
Uniform domains of higher order
The G-homotopy type of proper locally linear G-manifolds
Journal of topology
Topology
Knots in Poland III. Part 3
Analysis and computation of fixed points : proceedings of a symposium conducted by the Mathematics Research Center, the University of Wisconsin-Madison, May 7-8, 1979
Algebra in the Stone-Čech compactification : theory and applications
Computational topology : a study of topological manipulations and interrogations in computer graphics and geometric modeling
Algebraic graph theory : morphisms, monoids and matrices
Poincare domains in R(powering to the n)
General topology and its relations to modern analysis and algebra : proceedings of the second Prague topological symposium, 1966
Topological superconductivity in magnetic adatom lattices
Papers on topology : analysis situs and its five supplements
Papers on general topology and applications : eight summer conference at Queens College
Counterexamples in topology
Current developments in mathematics. 1995
An introduction to topological groups : lectures 1973/74
N-complexes and categorification
Euler's gem : the polyhedron formula and the birth of topology
Topology : point-set and geometric
Differentiable manifolds : an introduction
Papers on general topology and applications : ninth summer conference at Slippery Rock University
Surveys in differential geometry. Vol. 18, Geometry and topology
Symposium on infinite dimensional topology
Introduction to metric and topological spaces
A degree theory for a class of mappings of monotone type in Orlicz-Sobolev spaces
Representations of commutative semitopological semigroups
Digital geometry in image processing
Elements of mathematics : General topology. Pt 2
Hyperbolic structures on link complements
Knots and primes : an introduction to arithmetic topology
Elements of mathematics : General topology. Pt 1
Elements of the topology of plane sets of points
The N-dimensional N-person chesslike game strategy analysis model
"The book is the first systematic research completely devoted to a comprehensive study of virtual knots and classical knots as its integral part. The book is self-contained and contains up-to-date exposition of the key aspects of virtual (and classical) knot theory. Virtual knots were discovered by Louis Kauffman in 1996. When virtual knot theory arose, it became clear that classical knot theory was a small integral part of a larger theory, and studying properties of virtual knots helped one understand better some aspects of classical knot theory and encouraged the study of further problems. Virtual knot theory finds its applications in classical knot theory. Virtual knot theory occupies an intermediate position between the theory of knots in arbitrary three-manifold and classical knot theory. In this book we present the latest achievements in virtual knot theory including Khovanov homology theory and parity theory due to V O Manturov and graph-link theory due to both authors. By means of parity, one can construct functorial mappings from knots to knots, filtrations on the space of knots, refine many invariants and prove minimality of many series of knot diagrams. Graph-links can be treated as "diagramless knot theory": such "links" have crossings, but they do not have arcs connecting these crossings. It turns out, however, that to graph-links one can extend many methods of classical and virtual knot theories, in particular, the Khovanov homology and the parity theory."--Publisher's website.
Elements of topology
Topology : an introduction with application to topological groups
Knots in Poland III. Part 1
Introduction to differentiable manifolds
Knots, links, braids and 3-manifolds : an introduction to the new invariants in low-dimensional topology
Bedrock and its influence on the topography in the Lokka-Porttipahta reservoir district, Finnish Lapland
The NURBS book
On the degree theory for nonlinear mappings of monotone type
Lacan : topologically speaking
Topological effects in quantum mechanics
Winding around : the winding number in topology, geometry, and analysis
Partially ordered topological vector spaces
G-simple-homotopy type and equivariant Hilbert cubes for a finite group G
Collected papers. Vol. 3, Differential topology
Introduction to topology : pure and applied
Lectures on the topology of 3-manifolds : an introduction to the Casson invariant
Modeling the mechanical behavior of carbon nanostructures
Papers on general topology and applications : tenth summer conference at Amsterdam
Topology and its applications
Elements of mathematics : general topology
Modeling and analysing the performance of a wireless mesh network
A basic course in algebraic topology
People who teach university-level mathematics for a living often find themselves reading lots of books on the subject. For some of us, this can often be quite pleasant — why else would anybody choose to review books for the MAA? But even for the book-lovers among us, after you’ve just read about ten linear algebra texts, all of which look like they were stamped from the same cookie cutter, the process can occasionally wear thin. It’s very pleasant, then, to stumble across a book that is genuinely unique, that addresses a topic in a way not found elsewhere, and that teaches you something that you didn’t know before. It’s even nicer when the book in question does a really good job of it, as is the case with the book under review. Winding Around is written by John Roe, author of the excellent Elementary Geometry, a book that I have always thought is not as well known as it deserves to be. This time around, the author again discusses some geometry, but also throws in topology, complex analysis, and abstract algebra. The unifying concept that links all these ideas is that of the winding number. Prior to looking at this book, I had at least heard of the winding number, but I must confess that it was something of a hazy memory. I first ran across the term in an undergraduate course in complex variables, where it was defined as an integral, proved to be an integer, and invoked in such things as the Cauchy Integral Formula and Cauchy Residue Theorem. Over the years I may have encountered the term again as I flipped through books on complex analysis, but that seems to have been the extent of my dealings with the concept. I certainly did not realize, until seeing this book, that the idea of the winding number could be applied profitably in other areas of mathematics. This book starts, after some preliminary motivational material, with a chapter discussing homotopic maps. This is in preparation for a chapter that give...
Topology. 1, General survey
Characteristic classes
Complex topological K-theory
Dimensions, embeddings, and attractors
Knot theory
Elements of abstract analysis
Hyperbolic structures on three-manifolds
Virtual knots : the state of the art
