http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14097 mental examination
mental examination
Violence and the law
Health-related quality of life and mental disorders in Finland
Abstract: From innocence to freezy : observation of the transition stage from childhood to youth.
A comparative study on challenges in the psychosocial work environment of Finnish and foreign-born general practitioners
Psychological evaluations for the courts : a handbook for mental health professionals and lawyers
Mental health indicators in Russia : a study of the availability of European indicators for the MINDFUL project
Refugee and immigrant health : a handbook for health professionals
Anatomy of a splitting borderline : description and analysis of a case history
Mental condition defences in the criminal law
Law and psychology
Forensic psychology for dummies
Summary: Student health survey 2000 : a national survey among Finnish university students.
Tiivistelmä. - English summary.
Anglo-American insanity defence reform : the war between law and medicine
Consciousness : how matter becomes imagination
Abstract.
Health-related quality of life in survivors of childhood acute lymphoblastic leukaemia
Hoitotiede 1991 : Pro Nursing ry:n vuosikirja : International nursing conference
Finnish pretrial fire-setting offenders : psychiatric characteristics and criminal recidivism
Abstract: The son who killed his father : a psychiatric study.
Automatism, insanity, and the psychology of criminal responsibility : a philosophical inquiry
Profiling the criminal mind : behavioral science and criminal investigative analysis
The insanity defense : a blueprint for legislative reform
Health-related quality of life and its associating factors among 25-64-year-old adults with or without long-term mental symptoms.
Evil or ill? : justifying the insanity defence
Abstract. - Yhteenveto.
Pupil-related psychosocial factors, school setting, and teacher sick leave : a collaborative data study
Essays on mental incapacity and criminal conduct
Screening and active surveillance in prostate cancer : prognostic and short-term outcomes of active surveillance and quality of life aspects
Epidemiology of psychotic disorders
Turku 2011 - tieteen kulttuuripääkaupunki = Turku 2011 - the capital of science and culture
