http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14186 structural engineering
structural engineering
Limit states of materials and structures : direct methods
Static theory of thin-wallled space structures
How to cite, reference & avoid plagiarism at university
Principles of space instrument design
Stability analysis and design of structures : with 159 figures
Proceedings of the METNET Seminar 2012 in Izmir
In this thesis we shed light on the formation and evolution of disk galaxies, which often host a stellar bar (about 2/3 of cases). In particular, we address the bar-driven secular evolution, that is, the steady redistribution of stellar and gaseous material through the disk induced by the bar torques and resonances. We characterize the mass distribution of the disks in the Spitzer Survey of Stellar Structure in Galaxies (S4G, Sheth et al. 2010) and study the properties of the different stellar structure components and the interplay between them. We use 3.6µm photometry for ~ 1300 face-on and moderately inclined disk galaxies to analyze the frequency, dimensions, orientations and shapes of stellar bars, spiral arms, rings, (ring)lenses, and barlenses (i.e. lens-like structures embedded in the bars). We calculate the strength of the bars in the S4G via ellipse fitting, Fourier decomposition of the galaxy images, and from the gravitational tangential-to-radial forces. We also estimate the stellar contribution to the circular velocity, allowing us to analyze the coupling between non-baryonic and stellar matter within the optical disk. We average stellar density profiles (1D), the disk(+bulge) component of the rotation curve, and stellar bars (2D) as a function of fundamental galaxy parameters. We complement the study with integral-field unit kinematic data from Seidel et al. (2015b) for a subsample of 16 S4G barred galaxies. We quantify the bar-induced perturbation strengths in the stellar and gaseous disk from the kinematics, and show that they agree with the estimates obtained from the images. We also use Hα Fabry-Perot observations from Erroz-Ferrer et al. (2015) for 29 S4G disk galaxies to study the inner slope of the rotation curves. We provide possible observational evidence for the growth of bars in a Hubble time. We demonstrate the role of bars causing the spreadingof the disk and the enhancement of the central stellar concentration. Our observations support the idea that Boxy/Peanut bulges in face-on perspective manifest as barlenses, that are often identfied in early-type galaxies hosting strong bars, and some of them also as inner lenses. We find that the amount of dark matter within the optical disk scales with the total stellar mass, as expected in the ΛCDM models. We also confirm that the observed inner velocity gradient is correlated with the central surface brightness, showing a strong connection between the inner shape of the potential well and the central stellar density. We show that disks and bars in early-type (T < 5 ≡ Sc) and late-type (T ≥ 5) disk galaxies, or alternatively in galaxies having total stellar masses greater or smaller than 1010M, are characterized by very distinct properties. Late-type disks are less centrally concentrated (many galaxies are bulge-less) and present a larger halo-to-stellar mass ratio, what probably affects the disk stability properties. The detection of bars in late-type galaxies is strongly dependent on the identification criteria. On average, bars in early-type spirals (T = 0 − 2) are longer (both in physical units and relative to the disk) and have larger density amplitudes than the intermediate-type spirals (T ≈ 5), and the bar lengths among the latest-types in the S4G are also larger. In comparison to earlier types, the bars in late-type systems show larger tangential-to-radial force ratios. This result holds even when the estimated dark halo effect is included.
Information architecture for the Web and beyond
Informal
Experimental investigation of steel cables for rock reinforcement in hard rock
Mesoporous silicon micro- and nanoparticles : a versatile tool for peptide delivery
Introduction to structural mechanics
Understanding Structural Analysis
Limit state design for strengthening foundations of historic buildings using pretested drilled spiral piles with special reference to St. John’s Church in Tartu
Timber engineering STEP 1 : basis of design, material properties, structural components and joints
The plastic methods of structural analysis
Summaries of theses for the degree of diploma engineer 1992-1993
Proceedings of the METNET Seminar 2014 in Moscow : METNET Annual Seminar in Moscow, Russia, on 21-22 October 2014
Essays on information and communications technology, structural change, and economic growth
Structural engineering formulas
Structural-acoustic vibrations in wooden assemblies : experimental modal analysis and finite element modelling
India and the knowledge economy : leveraging strengths and opportunities
Metnet Proceedings Luleå October 2013 : pre-print working papers
Dynamics of structures : theory and applications to earthquake engineering
Simplified engineering for architects and builders
Finite element analysis : theory and practice
Structural behaviour of glass structures in facades
The 5th Marine Technology Symposium, Espoo, January 11-12, 1988 : noise & vibration, winter navigation, hydrodynamics
New bridge structures
Dynamic stability of structures
Handbook of structural engineering
Seeing and touching structural concepts
Introduction to nanomaterials and devices
How to cite, reference & avoid plagiarising at university Is there a secret to successful study? The answer is 'yes'! There are some essential skills and smart strategies that will help you to improve your results at university. This easy-to-use guide helps to develop the essential academic skills of writing and thinking needed to cite and reference with confidence in your academic studies. Plagiarism and the most common methods of quoting, summarising and paraphrasing are explained and modelled throughout the book. HOW TO CITE, REFERENCE & AVOID PLAGIARISM AT UNIVERSITY provides tips, tools and techniques you will need to perform with excellence, including how to: * understand the importance of correct citation and referencing in academic writing * be aware of the facts about plagiarism and how it can be identified and avoided * search for and evaluate sources from the literature * introduce the work of others into your own text * understand and use the five most common citation and referencing styles. Visit www.smarterstudyskills.com to access a wealth of useful information, tips, templates and interactive activities that will support your skills development.
Principles of structure
Structural analysis
Nash genetic algorithms for minimum constrained weight in structural engineering
Enhancing understanding of company-wide product data management in ICT companies
Finite element analysis of structures at high temperatures : with special application to plane steel beams and frames
Structures : from theory to practice
Conductivity measurements of DNA TX tile and origami structures
Structural behaviour of long concrete integral bridges
Dynamics of circumferentially periodic structures
Gas sensors based on nanostructured tungsten oxides
Structural lifetime, reliability and risk analysis approaches for power plant components and systems
Study of the morphological features in the Spitzer Survey of Stellar Structure in Galaxies (S4G)
Wavelet methods for dynamical problems : with application to metallic, composite, and nano-composite structures
Proceedings of the International Workshop on the Evaluation of Eurocode 7
Handbook of detailing : the graphic anatomy of construction
Summaries of theses for the degree of diploma engineer 1990-1991
Fatigue in riveted railway bridges : a study of the fatigue performance of riveted stringers and stringer-to-floor-beam connections
Comparative methods of concrete portal frame design
Understanding structures : analysis, materials, design
Smith's elements of soil mechanics
Novel techniques and applications in generalised beam theory
Safety factors and reliability : friends or foes?
Introduction to finite elements in engineering
Agricultural buildings and structures
Structural dynamics for engineers
ICE manual of structural design : buildings
Design handbook for Rautaruukki structural hollow sections
Engineering mechanics of solids
New trends for glazed structures
Engineering materials. 2, An introduction to microstructures and processing
Autodesk Robot Structural Analysis Professional -2014 : Ken Marsh
Schools council modular courses in technology. Structures
Aircraft structures for engineering students
Adoption of value-adding processes in Swedish sawmills
Structural analysis : a unified classical and matrix approach
Industrial bridge engineering : structural developments for more efficient bridge construction
Fire engineering design of steel framed car-park buildings
Benefits of atomic layer deposition in nanophotonic device fabrication
Light weight Prefabricated Roof Element for Long Spans
Innovation in architecture
Optimum structural design : theory and applications
Proceedings of the International Workshop on the Evaluation of Eurocode 7 : Trinity College, Dublin, 31 March and 1 April 2005
Summaries of theses for the degree of diploma engineer 1994-1996
Journal of construction engineering and management
Static analysis of suspension bridges loaded by concentrated forces
Lujabeam is a system with steel and prestressed concrete composite members
A method of determining an extremal of class C[sup 1,1](OMEGA) approximating ship body form with minimal theoretical wave resistance
Shear strength of unfilled and rough rock joints in sliding stability analyses of concrete dams
Summaries of theses for the degree of diploma engineer 1988-1989
Diffractive optics based on V-shaped structures and its applications
The art of structures
Wood deterioration, protection, and maintenance
Static and cyclic load tests of composite ice-resisting wall
Interiors construction manual : integrated planning, finishing and fitting-out, technical services
Basic structures for engineers and architects
Conspicuous morphological features such as rings, ringlenses, lenses, barlenses, and spiral arms are observed in many nearby disk galaxies. These features are believed to form due to the so-called secular evolution after the galaxies were formed, which means that their disks evolve in a more passive fashion and in longer timescales, compared to their formation processes. This slow evolution of disks is due to the effect of non-axisymmetric potentials, among which, a bar potential is perhaps the most effective of all. Strong rotating bars redistribute angular momentum and material through the disks of galaxies very effciently, and produce resonances. At these resonances the material is trapped and starts forming stars, creating beautiful rings. However, rings are not the only structure observed in disk galaxies. There are also spiral arms that, might or might not be created by bars. Other type of structures are lenses, which in images appear as flat light distributions with sharp edges, and ringlenses, whose appearance is intermediate between those of rings and lenses. Also, there are barlenses, which are conspicuous lens-like structures embedded in bars, and have been suggested to be the more face-on counterparts of Boxy/Peanut/X-shaped bulges. The study of the physical properties of all these structures provides a tool to investigate the mechanisms that create them and hence, to determine which are the processes that drive the slow evolution of galaxies.In this thesis I study the morphological structures using mainly data from the Spitzer Survey of Stellar Structure in Galaxies (S4G), by means of their sizes, orientations, shapes and colors. The S4G contains images of ~ 2500 nearby galaxies of all Hubble types at 3.6 and 4.5 μm, allowing a dust free view of the old stellar population which is subject of the secular evolution.Among the results presented in this thesis and the respective companion papers are the following. A catalog that contains the sizes, ellipticities and position angles of the morphological features in the S4G was created. This catalog also includes the measurements of the pitch angles of spiral arms. There is a corroboration of previous results showing that different types of morphological features appear in galaxies with different Hubble stages and bar families, and a confirmation of the resonant nature of rings but also of a high fraction of lenses and ringlenses. There is also an observation indicating that low mass galaxies lack nuclear structures such as nuclear rings due to the lack of inner Lindblad resonances caused by their low central mass concentrations. Observational evidence is presented indicating that a fraction of inner lenses in unbarred galaxies might be former barlenses of which the "thin bar" has probably dissolved or it is too faint to be detected.The sizes of barlenses show a tight linear correlation with those of bars, being the size of the barlens typically half the size of the bar. The study of the optical colors of barlenses reveals their similarity with bars, giving observational evidence that their stellar populations are similar, and distinguishes them from disks and nuclear regions. The orientations of barlenses with respect to that of bars and disks reveal that barlenses are vertically thick structures. All these results support the idea that barlenses are the vertically thick inner parts of bars and hence relate them observationally to Boxy/Peanut/X-shaped bulges.These results and others are published in a series of original papers in which I have collaborated and that are appended at the end of this work.
Reliability and optimization of structural systems, V : proceedings of the IFIP WG7.5 Fifth Working Conference on Reliability and Optimization of Structural Systems, Takamatsu, Kagawa, Japan, 24-26 March, 1993
Obesity and bone mineral measurements in postmenopausal women
Cable structures : design and static analysis
Arctic civil engineering : a research field at the university of Oulu
Structural analysis : with applications to aerospace structures
Summaries of theses for the degree of diploma engineer
Metallic thin film structures and polarization shaping gratings
Defects and deterioration in buildings
Signatures of secular evolution in disk galaxies
Principles of structures
Mesoporous silicon particles designed for nanomedical applications
On the weight factors in the least squares finite element method
Innovative structures in Finland
Building anatomy : an illustrated guide to how structures work
"Considering that wavelet transforms have proved useful in the solution and analysis of engineering mechanics problems, up to now there has been no sufficiently comprehensive text on this use. Wavelet Methods for Dynamical Problems: With Application to Metallic, Composite, and Nano-Composite Structures addresses this void, exploring the special value of wavelet transforms and their applications from a mechanical engineering perspective. It discusses the use of existing and cutting-edge wavelet methods for the numerical solution of structural dynamics and wave propagation problems." "Available books on wavelet transforms generally cover their mathematical aspects and effectiveness in signal processing and as approximation bases for solution of differential equations. However, this book discusses how wavelet transforms are an optimal tool for solving ordinary differential equations obtained by modeling a structure. It also demonstrates the use of wavelet methods in solving partial differential wave equations related to structural dynamics, a topic that has not been sufficiently explored in the literature to this point. Many well-established transforms, such as Fourier, have severe limitations in handling finite structures and specifying non-zero boundary/initial conditions. As a result, they have limited utility in solving real-world problems involving high frequency excitation." "This book carefully illustrates how the use of wavelet techniques removes all these shortcomings and has a potential to become a sophisticated analysis tool for handling dynamical problems in structural engineering. Designed to be useful for both professional researchers and graduate students alike, it provides MATLAB scripts that can be used to solve problems and numerical examples that illustrate the efficiency of wavelet methods and emphasize the physics involved."--Book jacket.
Transformable and kinetic architectural structures : design, evaluation and application to intelligent architecture
Seismic design in Europe and the Russian Federation : Steel and reinforced concrete buildings of moderate importance
Structural masonry designer's manual
Proceedings of the METNET Seminar 2015 in Budapest
Proceedings of the METNET Seminar 2013 in Luleå
Architect's pocket book
