http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14126 land surveyors
land surveyors
Valuation of companies in emerging markets : a practical approach
Youĺl never walk alone : studies on international and national developments in tourism
Climate change : observed impacts on planet earth
European approaches to credit (transfer) systems in VET : an assessment of the applicability of existing credit systems to a European credit (transfer) system for vocational education and training (ECVET)
The consumer markets scoreboard : monitoring consumer outcomes in the single market
Surveyors of empire : Samuel Holland, J.W.F. Des Barres, and the making of the Atlantic Neptune
Surveying sisters : women in a traditional male profession
Mason & Dixon
The Roman land surveyors : an introduction to the agrimensores
Mental health indicators in Russia : a study of the availability of European indicators for the MINDFUL project
Topographic laser ranging and scanning : principles and processing
OECD environmental indicators : 2001 : towards sustainable development
Applying holistic indicators to assess dairy farm efficiency is essential for sustainable milk production. Data Envelopment Analysis (DEA) has been instrumental for the calculation of such indicators. However, 'additive' DEA models have been rarely used in dairy research. This study presented an additive model known as slacks-based measure (SBM) of efficiency and its advantages over DEA models used in most past dairy studies. First, SBM incorporates undesirable outputs as actual outputs of the production process. Second, it identifies the main production factors causing inefficiency. Third, these factors can be 'priced' to estimate the cost of inefficiency. The value of SBM for efficiency analyses was demonstrated with a comparison of four contrasting dairy management systems in terms of technical and environmental efficiency. These systems were part of a multiple-year breeding and feeding systems experiment (two genetic lines: select vs. control; and two feeding strategies: high forage vs. low forage, where the latter involved a higher proportion of concentrated feeds) where detailed data were collected to strict protocols. The select genetic herd was more technically and environmentally efficient than the control herd, regardless of feeding strategy. However, the efficiency performance of the select herd was more volatile from year to year than that of the control herd. Overall, technical and environmental efficiency were strongly and positively correlated, suggesting that when technically efficient, the four systems were also efficient in terms of undesirable output reduction. Detailed data such as those used in this study are increasingly becoming available for commercial herds through precision farming. Therefore, the methods presented in this study are growing in importance..
Geometridae (Lepidoptera) from the Tian-Shan Mountains in Kazakhstan and Kyrgyzstan, with description of three new species and one new subspecies
The consumer markets scoreboard
Implementation of European health indicators : first years : final report of the Joint Action for ECHIM
Bird's eye view of European biodiversity policy under climate change
Tourism today : a geographical analysis
Always on the move? : measured physical activity of 3-year-old preschool children
Consumer markets scoreboard : making markets work for consumers
Bokvurm i Tammerfors : lantmätare Gustaf Adolph Tuderus (1766-1817) bibliotek = Tampereen kirjatoukka : maanmittari Gustaf Adolph Tuderuksen (1766-1817) kirjasto = Bookworm at Tampere : land-surveyor Gustaf Adolph Tuderus' (1766-1817) library
The dictionary of land surveyors and local mapmakers of Great Britain and Ireland, 1530-1850
Improving efficiency assessments using additive data envelopment analysis models: an application to contrasting dairy farming systems
