http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14192 sciatica
sciatica
MRI of herniated nucleus pulposus : correlation with clinical findings, determinants of spontaneous resorption and effects of anti-inflammatory treatments on spontaneous resorption
Epidemiology of sciatica and herniated lumbar intervertebral disc
Immunocytochemical and experimental study of inflammation in herniated disc tissue
Outcome of severe sciatica : a prospective five year follow-up study of 179 operated and 97 conservatively treated patients with reference to clinical, social and psychological factors and electromyog
Outcome of severe sciatica : a prospective five year follow-up study of 179 operated and 97 conservatively treated patients with reference to clinical, social and psychological factors and electromyographic findings
Back pain and sciatica in Finnish farmers
Lumbar disc herniation
Summary.
Musculoskeletal pain in relation to physical exercise, occupational loading and individual factors
From rare syndromes to a common disease : mutations in minor cartilage collagen genes cause Marshall and Stickler syndromes and intervertebral disc disease
Sciatica : studies of symptoms, genetic factors, and treatment with periradicular infiltration
Association of impaired blood supply with painful lumbar disc degeneration
Genetic risk factors for intervertebral disc degeneration
Low back pain (LBP) is the leading cause of years lived with disabilities worldwide. Intervertebral disc (IVD) degeneration is a strong contributing factor to LBP. Recent studies have shown that genetic determinants contribute markedly to IVD degeneration but knowledge about the actual genes involved as well as their roles is still limited. The aim of this thesis work was to study genetic factors that may predispose to IVD degeneration. Using both family and case-control association study designs, variants in five genes showed association with IVD degeneration on magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) in a population-based sample and among patients with sciatica due to lumbar disc herniation (LDH).We performed a candidate gene association study of the known variants implicated in IVD degeneration in a Finnish cohort of 538 young individuals with a moderate degree of lumbar IVD degeneration on MRI. We were able to confirm the associations of variants in the IL6, SKT, and CILP genes, which provides further evidence for true associations. Based on our earlier linkage study in Finnish sciatica families, we performed a candidate gene analysis and identified IL17F as a potential candidate gene. To the best of our knowledge this is the first study to observe an association between this gene and discogenic sciatica. Both IL-6 and IL-17 are pro-inflammatory cytokines with elevated expression levels in herniated tissues, which suggest a role in IVD degeneration. Study of the role of genes coding for inflammatory mediators is of interest as it may contribute to the understanding of the overall inflammatory response of the disc.In addition, we reported on the involvement of SKT in the etiology of lumbar disc herniation (LDH) both in Japanese and Finnish case-control samples. Experimental studies in mice have shown that Skt homozygous mutants exhibit disc abnormalities resulting in a kinky tale phenotype. We hypothesized that the human homolog SKT could have long-term importance in the onset of IVD degeneration by making the discs more vulnerable. Finally, through linkage studies and in the subsequent association analyses, the role of CHST3 as a novel risk factor for IVD degeneration was identified. CHST3 encodes an enzyme that catalyzes the sulfation of chondroitin, and mutations in this gene are associated with spondylepiphyseal dysplasia and humerospinal dysostosis. In our study, we identified this gene using genome –wide linkage based on data from a Southern Chinese family and speculated that mild CHST3 reduction caused by the reported susceptibility SNP could result in disc degeneration in adults in conjunction with other risk factors.This thesis provides new information about the genetic background of IVD degeneration and new insights into the etiology of the disease. The specific roles of these genes in the IVD function and pathogenesis of sciatica are not clear however, and need to be elucidated.
Treatment of chronic critical leg ischaemia : a cost benefit analysis
