http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1412 woody plants
woody plants
Proceedings of the IXth International Workshop on Sap Flow : Ghent, Belgium June 4-7, 2013
Measuring cold hardiness in woody plants
Determining frost hardiness in woody plants
The Vascular cambium
Arctic ecosystems in a changing climate : an ecophysiological perspective
The supporting roots of trees and woody plants : form, function and physiology
Anglo-latino-russkij slovar'-spravočnik drevesnyh i kustarnikovyh porod = Handbook on wood, trees and shrubs
Carbon and nitrogen dynamics in Erythrina poeppigiana (Leguminosae: Phaseoleae) trees managed by periodic prunings
International directory of woody plant physiologists
Somatic embryogenesis in woody plants. Vol. 2, Angiosperms
The anatomy of woody plants
Nitrogen fixation : proceedings of the 5th International symposium on nitrogen fixation with non-legumes, Florence, Italy, 10-14 September 1990
Abstract.
Plant protoplasts and genetic engineering. 1
Seeds of woody plants in the United States
Ex situ storage of seeds, pollen and in vitro cultures of perennial woody plant species
Woody plants - evolution and distribution since the Tertiary : proceedings of a symposium organized by Deutsche Akademie der Naturforscher LEOPOLDINA in Halle/Saale, German Democratic Republic, October 9-11, 1986
Rasteniâ otkrytogo grunta Botaničeskogo sada Botaničeskogo instituta im. V. L. Komarova : kollekcii, èkspozicii = The plants of outdoor of the Botanical Garden of the Komarov Botanical Institute : collections, expositions
Foliar morphology of the common trees of North Carolina and adjacent states
A field guide to forest trees of Northern Thailand
List of names of woody plants = Naamlist van houtige gewassen = Namenliste Gehölze = Liste de noms des plantes ligneuses : International standard ENA 2005-2010
Propagation of trees, shrubs and conifers
Studies of woody flora and vegetation in Senegal
Annotated catalog and atlas of Kentucky woody plants
World bamboo resources : a thematic study prepared in the framework of the Global Forest Resouces Assessment 2005
The geobotanical status of Finland, especially of the Arboretum Mustila, in the global scale
Ungulate effects on their food plants : responses depending on scale
Plant protoplasts and genetic engineering. 2
Introduction of woody plants into the Tallinn Botanical Garden
Plant materials of decorative gardening : the woody plants
Somatic cell genetics of woody plants : proceedings of the IUFRO Working Party S2. 04-07 Somatic Cell Genetics, held in Grosshansdorf, Federal Republic of Germany, August 10-13, 1987
Trees : a lifetime's journey through forests, woods and gardens
Somatic embryogenesis in woody plants. Vol. 3, Gymnosperms
Atlas of woody plants in China : distribution and climate
Blattoberflächen mitteleuropäischer Laubgehölze : Atlas und Bestimmungsschlüssel = Leaf surfaces of Central European woody plants
Manual of woody landscape plants : their identification, ornamental characteristics, culture, propagation and uses
Texans love their land : a guide to 76 native Texas hill bountry woody plants
Protocols for micropropagation of woody trees and fruits
Enhancement of micropropagation of Lonicera and Malus by exogenous factors
Proceedings of the Vth International Symposium on Acclimatization and Establishment of Micropropagated Plants
Growth control in woody plants
Germination of ornamental plant seeds : 22nd International horticultural congress, Davis, California, USA, August 12, 1986
Leaf architecture of the woody dicotyledons from tropical and subtropical China
The occurrence of Heterobasidion annosum (Fr.) Bref. in woody plants in Finland = Juurikäävän (Heterobasidion annosum (Fr.) Bref.) esiintyminen puuvartisilla kasveilla Suomessa
Haploids in crop improvement. 1
Anatomy of Russian woods : an atlas for the identification of trees, shrubs, dwarf shrubs and woody lianas from Russia : atlas dlâ identifikacii drevesiny derev'ev, kustarnikov, polukustarnikov i derevânistyh lian Rossii = Anatomiâ drevesiny rastenij Rossii
Woody plant biotechnology
Tree growth
Micropropagation of several Japanese woody plants for horticultural purposes
Flowering trees & shrubs
Nomenclatural and taxonomical notes on some woody plants in Finland
Molecular biology of woody plants. 1
Taxonomy and ecology of woody plants in North American forests (excluding Mexico and subtropical Florida)
The arboretum as a living gene bank for breeding
Carbon and nitrogen dynamics in Erythrina poeppigiana (Leguminosae:Phaseoleae) trees managed by periodic prunings
Comparative study of secondary phloem of 423 species of woody dicotyledons belonging to 85 families
Specialty cut flowers : the production of annuals, perennials, bulbs and woody plantsfor fresh and dried cut flowers
Fighting sand encroachment : lessons from Mauritania
Adaptations and responses of woody plants to environmental stresses
A checklist of the trees, shrubs, herbs, and climbers of Myanmar : (revised from the original works by J. H. Lace ... [et al.] on the List of trees, shrubs, herbs and principal climbers, etc., recorded from Burma)
The trees of northern Bengal : including shrubs, woody climbers, bamboos, palms and tree ferns
Crop yield response to water
Distribution and phytocoenology of selected woody species of North Korea (D.P.R.K.)
A checklist of the trees, shrubs, herbs, and climbers of Myanmar : (revised from the original works by J. H. Lace, R. Rodger, H. G. Hundley, and U Chit Ko Ko on the List of trees, shrubs, herbs and princiapl climbers, etc. recorded from Burma)
Micropropagation of woody plants
Application of gene technology to resistance breeding of forest trees
Mycorrhizal responses to defoliation of woody hosts
Practical woody plant propagation for nursery growers
Atlas of woody plant stems : evolution, structure, and environmental modifications
Physiology of woody plants
The reference manual of woody plant propagation : from seed to tissue culture : a practical working guide to the propagation of over 1100 species, varieties and cultivars
Defense mechanisms of woody plants against fungi
Seeds of woody plants in North America
Micropropagation of woody trees and fruits
Genebank and seed bank for woody plant collections
The reference manual of woody plant propagation : from seed to tissue culture
The physiological ecology of woody plants
Genetic manipulation of woody plants
Somatic embryogenesis in woody plants. Vol. 1, History, molecular and biochemical aspects and application
Trends in European forest tree physiology research : Cost Action E6 : EUROSILVA
Biodiversity of West African forests : an ecological atlas of woody plant species
Plants that merit attention. Volume 2, Shrubs
Global atmospheric change and herbivory : effects of elevated levels of UV-B radiation, atmospheric CO2 and temperature on boreal woody plants and their herbivores
Proceedings of the Ist International Symposium on Woody Ornamentals of the Temperate Zone : Pr°uhonice, Czech Republic, May 26 - 30, 2008
Chrorology of trees and shrubs in South-West Asia and adjacent regions : phytogeographical analysis
Success of micropropagated woody landscape plants under northern growing conditions and changing environment
The arctic region is predicted to experience the earliest and most pronounced global warming response to human-induced climatic change. This book synthesizes information on the physiological ecology of arctic plants, discusses how physiological processes influence ecosystem processes, and explores how climate warming will affect arctic plants, plant communities, and ecosystem processes. It reviews the physiological ecology of arctic plants. It explores biotic controls over community and ecosystems processes. It provides physiological bases for predicting how the Arctic will respond to global climate change.
The vascular cambium : its development and activity
Specialty cut flowers : the production of annuals, perennials, bulbs and woody plants for fresh and dried cut flowers
Proceedings of the IInd International Symposium on Woody Ornamentals of the Temperate Zone : Ghent, Belgium July 1-4, 2012
