http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14116 refugee literature
refugee literature
Contemporary asylum narratives : representing refugees in the twenty-first century
This study examines the phenomenon of the post-civil war Anglophone Lebanese fictional narrative by exploring the permutations of ‘homeness’ - the different spaces (homeland, host country, geographical in-betweenness), mental states and ideals - and how all of these interact. It also demonstrates how a collection of stylistically diverse texts characterise a new cultural trend: the founding of a fully fledged variant of foreign-language Lebanese transnational literature in the diaspora. The eleven texts, many of which have reaped international awards, are by Rabih Alameddine, Rawi Hage, Tony Hanania, Patricia Sarrafian Ward, Nathalie Abi-Ezzi, and Nada Awar Jarrar. These authors experienced segments of the Lebanese Civil War (1975-1990) as children and adolescents, as well as uprootedness later on. In their fictions, they reflect on what it means to be Lebanese, both in the post-war period and in an increasingly globalised world. No single definition of home materialises; instead personal and national identities are questioned and an array of possibilities for feeling at home are presented, and are reformulated, as their characters move from childhood to adulthood, from peace to war, and in most instances, from Lebanon to elsewhere, and sometimes from elsewhere back to Lebanon in various scenarios.
We need new names
The 1979 Revolution in Iran caused the migration of millions of Iranians, many of whom wrote of, and are still writing of, their experiences. Sanaz Fotouhi here traces the origins of the emerging body of diasporic Iranian literature in English, and uses these origins to examine the socio-political position and historical context from which they emerged. While situating this body of work through existing theories such as postcolonialism, Fotouhi sheds new light on the role of Iranian literature and culture in Western literature by showing that these writings distinctively reflect a diasporic experience unique to Iranians. Analysing the relationship between Iranians and their new surroundings by drawing on theories of migration, narration and identity, Fotouhi examines how the literature borne out of the Iranian Diaspora reflects socio-political realities today. The first of its kind, this book will be vital for researchers of Middle Eastern literature and its relationship with writings from the West, as well as those interested in the cultural history of the Middle East.
Exile : displacements and misplacements
Letters of transit : reflections on exile, identity, language, and loss
Migration and literature in contemporary Europe
The gangster we are all looking for
Post-war anglophone Lebanese fiction : home matters in the diaspora
Languages of exile : migration and multilingualism in twentieth-century literature
"Borinsky discusses the works of writers in exile, including Vladimir Nabokov, writing in English in the United States, Julio Cortázar in Paris, and Witold Gombrowicz in Buenos Aires, as well as Jorge Luis Borges, Isaac Bashevis Singer, Oscar Hijuelos, Cristina Garcia, Junot Diaz, and Clarice Lispector"--Provided by publisher.
Twentieth-century Russian émigré writers
She's leaving home : women's writing in English in a European context
Asylum speakers : Caribbean refugees and testimonial discourse
Mahmoud Darwish, exile's poet : critical essays
One-way tickets : writers and the culture of exile
"After crossing oceans, a man and a boy arrive in a new land. Here they are each assigned a name and an age, and held in a camp in the desert while they learn Spanish, the language of their new country. As Simon and David they make their way to the relocation centre in the city of Novilla, where officialdom treats them politely but not necessarily helpfully. Simon finds a job in a grain wharf. The work is unfamiliar and backbreaking, but he soon warms to his stevedore comrades, who during breaks conduct philosophical dialogues on the dignity of labour, and generally take him to their hearts. Now he must set about his task of locating the boy's mother. Though like everyone else who arrives in this new country he seems to be washed clean of all traces of memory, he is convinced he will know her when he sees her. And indeed, while walking with the boy in the countryside Simon catches sight of a woman he is certain is the mother, and persuades her to assume the role. David's new mother comes to realise that he is an exceptional child, a bright, dreamy boy with highly unusual ideas about the world. But the school authorities detect a rebellious streak in him and insist he be sent to a special school far away. His mother refuses to yield him up, and it is Simon who must drive the car as the trio flees across the mountains. The Childhood of Jesus is a profound, beautiful and continually surprising novel from a very great writer." --Dust jacket.
Exile and otherness : new approaches to the experience of the Nazi refugees
Right of thirst : a novel
The literature of the Iranian Diaspora : meaning and identity since the Islamic revolution
Sergei Dovlatov and his narrative masks
Imaginary homelands of writers in exile : Salman Rushdie, Bharati Mukherjee, and V. S. Naipaul
Exit : endings and new beginnings in literature and life
Exile and creativity : signposts, travelers, outsiders, backward glances
The writer as migrant
Gender, mobility and citizenship in Asia
Taking the turn of this century as a starting point, when new legislation around detention, deportation and dispersal began to take effect, Contemporary Asylum Narratives identifies an emerging cultural engagement with asylum seekers and refugees in twenty-first-century Britain. Through a focus on authors, playwrights and filmmakers, this study brings literary and cultural criticism to bear on asylum issues by exploring the representational politics that determine our responses to the stateless individuals whose numbers are certain to increase in line with global economic and ecological crises. Making productive links between refugee studies and narrative fiction, Contemporary Asylum Narratives challenges critical concepts related to migration such as hospitality, cosmopolitanism and globalization. In doing so, the book marks a transition from older, diasporic modes of belonging to the need for identifications that account for the increasingly precarious and contingent migrations of the contemporary era.
Representing minorities : studies in literature and criticism
Random destinations : escaping the Holocaust and starting life anew
"Shattered by his wife's death, and by his own role in it, successful cardiologist Charles Anderson volunteers to assist with earthquake relief in an impoverished Islamic country in a constant state of conflict with its neighbor. But when the refugees he's come to help do not appear and artillery begins to fall in the distance along the border, the story takes an unexpected turn. This haunting, resonant tour de force about one man's desire to live a moral life offers a moving exploration of the tensions between poverty and wealth, the ethics of intervention, the deep cultural differences that divide the world, and the essential human similarities that unite it." -- (Back Cover)
Migrant cartographies : new cultural and literary spaces in post-colonial Europe
Landscapes of exile : once perilous, now safe
At home in diaspora : Black international writing
"Follows ten-year-old Zimbabwe native, Darling, as she escapes the closed schools and paramilitary police control of her homeland in search of opportunity and freedom with an aunt in America."
The childhood of Jesus
The book of salt : [a novel]
The Republic of Armenia and the rethinking of the North-American Diaspora in literature
Fictions of (in)betweenness
