http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p141 Dicotyledons
Dicotyledons Magnoliopsida
Anatomy of the dicotyledons : leaves, stem and wood in relation to taxonomy with notes on economic uses. Vol. 2
Sieve elements : comparative structure, induction and development
Guide to the vascular plants of central French Guiana. Part 2, Dicotyledons
Cremastosperma (and other evolutionary digressions) : molecular phylogenetic, biogeographic, and taxonomic studies in neotropical Annonaceae = Cremastosperma (en andere evolutionaire dwalingen) : moleculair fylogenetische, biogeografische, en taxonomische studies in neotropische Annonaceae = Cremastosperma (y otras digresiones evolutivas) : filogénetica molecular, biogeografía, y estudios taxonómicos en Annonaceae del neotrópico
Comparative study of secondary phloem of 423 species of woody dicotyledons belonging to 85 families
The families and genera of vascular plants. 5, Flowering plants. Dicotyledons : Malvales, Capparales and non-betalain Caryophyllales
The flora of Canada. Part 3, Dicotyledoneae (Saururaceae to Violaceae)
Trees & shrubs of the Sudan
Illustrated handbook of succulent plants : dicotyledons
The Arabic plant names of Peter Forsskål's flora Aegyptiaco-Arabica
The families and genera of vascular plants. 6, Flowering plants. Dicotyledons : Celestrales, Oxalidales, Rosales, Cornales, Ericales
Plants from test tubes : an introduction to micropropagation
Anatomy of the dicotyledons. Vol. 1, Systematic anatomy of leaf and stem, with a brief history of the subject
Index ad Iconographiam Florae Europaeae. Heft 3, Dicotyledones (Convolvulaceae - Labiatae)
Anatomy of the dicotyledons. Vol. 3, Magnoliales, Illiciales, and Laurales (sensu Armen Takhtaan)
Index ad Iconographiam Florae Europaeae. Heft 4, Dicotyledones, Lauraceae - Rhamnaceae und Cucurbitaceae ( Nachtrag zu Heft 3)
Anatomy of the dicotyledons : leaves, stem and wood in relation to taxonomy with notes on economic uses. Vol. 1
Introduction to phylogeny and systematics of flowering plants
The families and genera of vascular plants. 7, Flowering plants. Dicotyledons : Lamiales (except Acanthaceae including Avicenniaceae)
Phylogenetic studies in the Euasterids II : with particular reference to Asterales and Escalloniaceae
The flora of Canada. Part 4, Dicotyledoneae (Loasaceae to Compositae)
