http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14173 excavations
excavations
Excavating at Salamis in Cyprus 1952-1974
Explorations in Mongolia and Thibet
Petra - the mountain of Aaron : The Finnish archaeological project in Jordan. Volume 2, The Nabatean Sanctuary and the Byzantine Monastery
This book presents a portrait of the urban center of a very distinguished ancient community. The picture is based on both literary and archaeological evidence. The written testimonia, comprising over seven hundred references in the ancient authors and inscriptions, are supplemented by the findings of a century of sporadic excavation by Greek and German scholars and by forty years of systematic exploration by the American School od Classical Studies at Athens.
The archaeology of Gniew : excavation results 1975-1985
Past worlds : the Times atlas of archeology
Yavneh II is the second and last excavation report on the dramatic favissa/genizah pit full of Philistine votive objects, discovered by Raz Kletter in the city of Yavneh, Israel, near the Mediterranean coast (south of Tel Aviv). The first volume, Yavneh I (OBO.SA 30, 2010) included studies on the history and archaeological exploration of Yavneh, the excavation, the stratigraphy and the interpretation of the pit as a favissae of votive objects that originate from a public temple; but especially on the mysterious cult stands, which number more than a hundred and include many stands with zoomorphic and anthropomorphic figures. In the present volume we publish many additional cultic finds, including fire pans or shovels that could be used for moving hot coals and for burning incense (comparable to the biblical mahtah); a rectangular shrine-model (naos) with detached pillars; zoomorphic vessels; a larger sample of pottery with statistical analysis; imported Cypriot pottery; dog bones (probably related to ritual); an inscription on a bowl; fragments of worked stones (perhaps from altars); and chemical residues from juglets and chalices, which seem to indicate presence of hallucinatory and incense materials. In addition, we offer an update on the iconography of the Yavneh cult stands and a study of the larger world of cult stands in the southern Levant; criteria for identifying favissae and their appearance from the Late Bronze Age to the Persian Period in Palestine; and a concluding discussion on Yavneh, incense, and Philistine ethnicity.
Ramat-Raḥel III : final publications of Aharoni's excavations at Ramat-Raḥel (1954, 1959-1962). Volume 1
Proceedings of the International congress of Albanian archaeological studies : 65th anniversary of Albanian archaeology (21-22 November, Tirana 2013)
Saidu Sharif I (Swat, Pakistan). 3, The graveyard
"This is a publication of the long awaited results of the excavations at Mantai in Sri Lanka between 1980 and 1984. It is a vital document for the history and exploration of Mantai since the early 19th century and is a tool for any future excavators. Even more important is Mantai's location at the crossroads of of cultural relations between China and the Western world and also between India and Sri Lanka, resulting in the survival of material evidence for over 1500 years until it's demise in the early 11th century A.D."
Evidence of the Roman army in Slovenia = Sledovi rimske vojske na Slovenskem
The origin of Roman London
Excavations at Thera. 4, (1970 season)
The Romano-British roadside settlement at Wilcote, Oxfordshire. 1, Excavations 1990-92
Report of the 1985-1987 excavations field INE: areas 5, 6,7 : the Bronze and Iron Ages : text and data base (plates, sections, plans
Field survey has been making a major contribution to our understanding of the rural landscapes of the Mediterranean for nearly forty years. During that time the techniques used to map ancient settlement patterns have grown in sophistication from being a process of simply identifying sites in the landscape, to one which provided nuanced understandings of their layouts, chronologies and contexts. This has led to a revolution in how archaeologists approach urban sites, with survey techniques being used increasingly often to generate a plan of a town site prior to excavation as a way of ensuring that the excavation can be used to address site-specific questions in a way that had not been possible before. Most recently, research has begun to reveal the advantages of integrating a range of different non-destructive techniques on urban sites. In combination with exciting new computer-based means of data visualization, all of this work means that it is now possible to virtually reconstruct a buried town within a relatively short space of time, as opposed to the old and destructive excavation-centered approach that could take generations. Unsurprisingly these advances are starting to make a very important understanding to urbanism in general and the Roman Empire in particular. Urban Landscape Survey in Italy and the Mediterranean builds upon all these new developments and is one of the first publications to focus exclusively upon the contribution of survey techniques to our understanding of ancient towns. It addresses methodology led enquiry into the nature of urban settlements primarily in Italy, but also in Greece, Turkey, Croatia, Portugal and Spain. The twenty-two papers from leading specialists in the field focus on two underlying themes. The first deals with the characterization of urban sites and draws upon a wide range of case studies. These range from key protohistoric centres in central and south Italy, to towns that epitomise the contradictions of cultural change under Rome, such as Paestum, Aquinum and Sagalassos, to Roman centres such as Teano, Suasa and Ammaia. The second theme is inter-urban relationships, looking in particular at wider urbanized landscapes in Italy. The fascinating selection of recent and on-going projects presented here significantly moves the limits of our current knowledge about ancient towns.
Sparta in Laconia : proceedings of the 19th British Museum Classical Colloquium held with the British School at Athens and King's and University Colleges, London 6-8 December 1995
Health in Southern Finland : bioarchaeological analysis of 555 skeletons excavated from nine cemeteries (11th-19th century AD)
Cross bones
At home with the Sapa Inca : architecture, space, and legacy at Chinchero
Ramat Tamar and Metzad Mazal : the early neolithic economy of flint mining and production of bifacials southwest of the Dead Sea
The current monograph is the direct continuation of the initial volume in the Machaerus academic monograph-series: "Machaerus I: History, Archaeology and Architecture of the Fortified Herodian Royal Palace and City Overlooking the Dead Sea in Transjordan" (Collectio Maior Series No. 53). The intention of the author unbrokenly remained the same: to elucidate the blurred, historical scene of the Gospels, and present it as authentic as possible for the future generations. The Reader through these pages will be convinced that since the spring of 1968, when Machaerus was still a virgin, untouched archaeological site, the development of the excavation field work can be tracked consistently, the uncovered monuments in the archaeological site are genuine and reliable, and all deriving from the archaeological time capsule from ca. 90 BC to 71 AD. As archaeology is a visual discipline, we had to use a lot of illustration once again. The present work has five integral parts, all of which are the artistic, scientific and field research results of the last three years: 2013, 2014 and 2015.
The Finnish Nubia expedition to Sudanese Nubia 1964-65. Vol. II : Plates: the excavation reports
Sūkās. 10, The Bronze and Early Iron Age remains at the Southern Harbour
Preliminary archaeological investigations in the Sierra de Tamaulipas, Mexico
This book describes the discovery of two agricultural settlements which illuminate Jewish rural life during the Second Temple period. Most important is the unearthing of a synagogue, dating from before the destruction of the Second Temple.
Neolithic human burial practices : the interpretation of funerary behaviors at Bronocice, Poland
These two volumes offer a comprehensive corpus of ceramic forms and their typological development organized according to period, geographical region, and cultural tradition. The focus of each chapter is on the most characteristic pottery types and decorative motifs selected from a wide range of sites. Unique in scope, this publication presents a wide range of ceramic types accompanied by specially prepared pottery plates and color photos illustrating thousands of forms. A classic reference work, it serves as an essential resource for archaeologists and other scholars and students of ancient Near Eastern studies. Volumes covering the Neolithic and Chalcolithic periods and the Bronze Age are currently in preparation.
Tutankhamun : the eternal splendour of the boy pharaoh
Excavations at Thera. 1, First preliminary report (1967 season)
Recent archaeological excavations in Europe
Mantai : city by the sea
The ancient state of Puyŏ in northeast Asia : archaeology and historical memory
The archaeological excavation at Carrowmore co. Sligo, Ireland : excavation seasons 1977-79
Materiały archeologiczne Nowej Huty = Materials from Archeological Investigations at Nowa Huta. 1
Exploring the ancient world : a guide to the most outstanding historical wonders ever built
Tas-Silġ, on the south-east coast of the island of Malta, is a major multi-period site, with archaeological remains spanning four thousand years. A megalithic temple complex built in the early third millennium BC gave way to a Phoenician and Punic sanctuary dedicated to the goddess Astarte. The sacred place underwent major transformations in Roman times, becoming an international religious complex dedicated to the goddess Juno. Located on the maritime routes plied by mariners and traders, its fame did not escape the attention of the first-century BC orator Cicero. Excavated as part of a major archaeological project in the 1960s, the site of Tas-Silġ lay abandoned for several decades. In 1996, the University of Malta renewed excavations at the site for ten seasons, uncovering Neolithic and Late Bronze Age occupation levels, and substantial deposits associated with ritual offerings of Punic date. This volume is the first monograph of the final publication of the excavations. It provides an account of those excavations and of the studies which accompanied them, including the lithic assemblages, the figurative representations, scarabs and amulets, the worked stone, the coins, and environmental analyses. It forms a companion volume to the second monograph, which reports on the pottery and the inscribed pottery.
Temple on the Pyramid of Thebes : Hungarian excavations on Thoth Hill at the Temple of Pharaoh Montuhotep Sankhkara 1995-1998
Tas-Silġ, Marsaxlokk (Malta) II: archaeological excavations conducted by the University of Malta, 1996-2005
Collectanea Antiqua : essays in memory of Sonia Chadwick Hawkes
Lo-Lang : a report on the excavation of Wang Hsü's tomb in the "Lo-Lang" province an ancient Chinese colony in Korea
Beer-Sheba III : the early iron IIA enclosed settlement and the late iron IIA-iron IIB cities. Vol. III, Artifacts, ecofacts and concluding studies
Legendary sites of the ancient world : an illustrated guide to over 80 major archaeological discoveries, with expert commentary and more than 350 photographs and maps : a fascinating tour including Egypt's Valley of the Kings, the Maya pyramids of Tikal and England's Stonehenge
Human remains : conservation, retrieval, and analysis : proceedings of a conference held in Williamsburg, VA, Nov. 7-11th, 1999
The excavation of Masad 1963/64 : preliminary report
The buildings at Bryggen : their topographical and chronological development. Part 2, [Text], Plates
Britain in the Middle Ages : an archeological history
Arheoloogilised välitööd Eestis 2002 = Archaeological field works in Estonia 2002
Principles of archaeological stratigraphy
The Orientalizing bucchero from the lower building at Poggio Civitate (Murlo)
Excavations at Thera. 3, (1969 season)
Ships and commodities
Anthedon Sinai
Excavations at Tawilan in Southern Jordan
From the field to the publication : the retrieval and presentation of pottery - a case study from Early Iron Age Tel Kinrot, Israel
From 2005 to 2008 archaeological excavations were carried out at the summit of the City of David under the directorship of Dr. Eilat Mazar on behalf of the Hebrew University of Jerusalem. This volume presents the impressive remains of the Stepped Stone Structure of the palace of King David; the collapse of a structure destroyed by the Babylonians in 586 BCE and a section of Nehemiah's city wall erected in the 5th century BCE. These findings have dramatically altered previously held conceptions of the development of ancient Jerusalem and provide striking tangible evidence for its Biblical narratives. Volume 1 of the final report is 560 color pages.
Tell Sabi Abyad, the late Neolithic settlement : report on the excavations of the University of Amsterdam (1988) and the National Museum of Antiquities Leiden (1991-1993) in Syria
Thera : Pompeii of the ancient Aegean : excavations at Akrotiri 1967-79
The Athenian agora : a short guide
Contextualising grave inventories in the Ancient Near East : proceedings of a workshop at the London 7th ICAANE in April 2010 and an international symposium in Tübingen in November 2010, both organised by the Tübingen Post-Graduate School "Symbols of the Dead"
From river Trent to Raqqa : Nottingham University archaeological fieldwork in Britain, Europe and the Middle East, 1991-1995
The lost army of Cambyses
Machaerus II : the Hungarian arhaeological mission in the light of the American-Babtist and Italian-Franciscan excavations and surveys : final report 1968-2015
Dan I : a chronicle of the excavations, the Pottery Neolithic, the Early Bronze Age and the Middle Bronze Age Tombs
The first emperor : China's entombed warriors = Qin Shihuang ji qi di xia da jun
Excavations at Thera. 6, (1972 season)
Samantha Sutton and the labyrinth of lies
Nowinka : site 1, the cemetery from the Late Migration Period in the northern Poland
Salt production and social hierarchy in ancient China : an archaeological investigation of specialization in China's Three Gorges
Excavating in Egypt : the Egypt exploration society 1882-1982
Archaelogy : Hamlyn history
A manual of field excavation : handbook for field archaeologists
Excavations at Kish : expedition to Mesopotamia. Vol. 4, 1925-1930
Herculaneum : Italy's buried treasure
Kaveripattinam excavations 1963-73 : (a port city on the Tamilnadu coast)
Klazomenai, Teos and Abdera: Metropoleis and Colony : proceedings of the international symposium held at the Archaeological Museum of Abdera : Abdera, 20-21 October 2001
This article focuses on three interrelated themes in the study of ancient Greek religion, looked at through the mateiral evidence from the sanctuary of Poseidon at Kalaureia on the island of Poros, Greece. First, I look at the so-called polis model and its applicability to an interpretation of Kalaureian material related to the cultic life of the sanctuary from the point of view of the 'historiography' of Greek religion. I then discuss the historical context of the archaeological material, with particular emphasis on the topic of the sanctuary as a known place of asylum particularly during the Hellenistic period. Thirdy, I examine the archaeological material related to eating and dining and its potential connections to the demarcation between sacred and profane activities and between sacralised and profane space in the sanctuary, with special interpretative attention to the significance of border(s) and boundaries. Drawing attention to these issues may help us understand the dynamics and interplay between 'official' and 'private' aspects of ancient Greek religion, within both the tradition of the scholarship of ancient Greek religion and the so-called 'archaeology of cult'.
KE-RA-ME-JA : studies presented to Cynthia W. Shelmerdine
Classical archaeology in context : theory and practice in excavation in the Greek world
Labrys : studies presented to Pontus Hellström
The buildings at Bryggen : their topographical and chronological development. Part 1
The plundered past
Colonists on the shores of the Gulf of Finland : medieval settlement in the coastal regions of Estonia and Finland
The summit of the City of David excavations 2005-2008 : final reports volume 1
Handbook of field conservation
Provisional report on the excavations at Skara Brae, and on finds from the 1927 and 1928 campaigns
The third supplementary volume of the series “Qaṭna Studien” contains the contributions from the workshop “Symbols of the Dead”, held at the 7th ICAANE in London on 14th and 15th April 2010, and the symposium “Grave Inventories and their (Inter)regional Context. An Interdisciplinary Approach”, which was held in Tübingen between 25th and 27th November 2010. Both conferences were organized by the post-graduate school “Symbols of the Dead”. This volume comprises theoretical discussions and archaeological case studies, as well as archaeometric analytical studies so as to identify the composition and provenance of objects, inter alia from grave contexts. The contributions cover a geographical field spanning Syria, Mesopotamia, the Syro-Anatolian regions, Jordan, Egypt, and the Aegean, and they chronologically span from the 4th to the 1st millennia B.C. They either compare different regions in one single period, or one region over several periods. Thus, the volume offers insights into different approaches to interpreting mortuary practices, the symbolism of grave goods, and the interaction of the living with the dead. The papers are divided into three sections – “The Dead, The Ancestors and the Living”; “Mortuary Rituals”; “Grave Goods, Food and Offerings” – each referring to a prominent aspect of the symbolism of the dead in the Ancient Near East. At the same time, these sections represent major fields of research within mortuary studies in recent years.
Excavations at Thera. 6, Colour plates and plans
First aid for finds
The necropolis of Cyrene : two hundred years of exploration
Jewelry has always had an irresistible allure yet in the past also had a significance and function within society that went far beyond ornamentation. Jewelry is an important, if often forgotten facet of material culture. Its study is inter-disciplinary, involving archaeology, anthropology, art history, historical/textual studies, and research of materials and manufacturing techniques. While the renowned jewelry from regions such as Egypt and Mesopotamia has been studied, that of the southern Levant has received only limited attention, yet research of its archaeological/contextual, technological and socio-cultural perspectives is illuminating. The book is a final publication of the author's doctoral dissertation made available to the archaeological and academic community at large. The book is geared to be a working tool for archaeologists dealing in this period and region and to scholars who study its arts and crafts. It provides a handy typological structure for jewelry classification as well as a comprehensive and useful catalogue for research in this and related fields. In addition, the book illustrates the significance, meaning and functions of jewelry and the development of the jeweler's craft in the southern Levant during the first and second millennia BCE.
Gods, graves, and scholars : the story of archæology
Lundenwic : excavations in Middle Saxon London 1987-2000
This useful guide to the archaeological remains viewable in the civic and commercial center of ancient Athens is an essential companion to the interested visitor, or to students of the topography of the classical city. A foldout map provides an overview of the site, keyed to descriptions and plans of every monument still visible: from the boundary stones to the "Great Drain." The fifth edition retains many of the parts that made the earlier editions (1954, 1962, 1976, 1990) so popular, but it also takes full account of both new discoveries and recent scholarship. It is intended for visitors actually touring the site, and is arranged topographically, monument by monument. It also contains color illustrations. To increase portability, this book does not contain a guide to the Agora Museum in the Stoa of Attalos.
"This book examines the organization of specialized salt production at Zhongba, one of the most important prehistoric sites in the Three Gorges of China's Yangzi River valley. Rowan K. Flad demonstrates that salt production emerged in the second millennium BCE and developed into a large-scale, intense activity. As the intensity of this activity increased during the early Bronze Age, production became more coordinated, perhaps by an emergent elite who appear to have supported their position of authority by means of divination and the control of ritual knowledge. This study explores evidence of these changes in ceramics, the layout of space at the site, and animal remains. It synthesizes the data retrieved from years of excavation, showing not only the evolution of production methods, but also the emergence of social hierarchy in the Three Gorges region over two millennia"--Provided by publisher.
Conservation of natural history specimens - vertebrates : proceedings of the short course at Manchester University
The North-Eastern Frontier Urartians and Non-Urartians in the Sevan Lake Basin.. 1
Field archaeology from around the world : ideas and approaches
Socrates in the Agora
Roman London's first voices : writing tablets from the Bloomberg excavations, 2010-14
Beer-Sheba III : the early iron IIA enclosed settlement and the late iron IIA-iron IIB cities. Vol. I, Stratigraphy and architecture
The fact of John the Baptist's imprisonment is attested by all the Gospels and their accounts are consistent with and complement that of Josephus. The intention of the author is to situate the archaeological site in its New Testament context, in order ot elucidate the blurred scene of the biblical site, and reconstruct it as clearly as possible.
The excavations of San Giovanni di Ruoti. Vol. 3, The faunal and plant remains
Qin shi huang di ling = Mausoleum of Emperor Qin Shihuang
The night villa
The king's grave : the search for Richard III
Recent Archaeological Excavations in Britain
Excavations at Ur : a record of twelve years' work
Three conquests of Canaan : a comparative study of two egyptian military campaigns and Joshua 10-12 in the light of recent archaeological evidence
Tutankhamun uncovered : the adventure behind the curse
The Ancient Pottery of Israel and its neighbors : from the Iron Age through the Hellenistic Period. Volume 1
Formation processes in archaeological context
Viktorjev spodmol in Mala Triglavca : prispevki k poznavanju mezolitskega obdobja v Sloveniji = Viktorjev spodmol and Mala Triglavca : contributions to understanding the Mesolithic period in Slovenia
Ramat-Raḥel III : final publications of Aharoni's excavations at Ramat-Raḥel (1954, 1959-1962). Volume 2
The publication of the full report of the Tel Beer-sheba Iron Age remains is a fulfillment of a scientific dream. The excavations at Tel Beer-sheba, carried out under the auspices of the Institute of Archaeology of Tel Aviv University, were the highlight of Yohanan Aharoni's vast research program in the Beer-sheba Valley. He directed this program from 1969 until his untimely death in 1976 at the age of 56. The final season of excavations at Tel Beer-sheba, the eighth, took place in the summer of 1976 and was carried out after Aharoni's demise by his chief assistants, Ze'ev Herzog, Itzhaq Beit-Arieh, and Anson F. Rainey. The latter two regrettably did not live to see the completion of this publication, but they shared in the work, as did the young staff members who enabled the Tel Beer-sheba project to become a reality. During the National Parks Authority site development, there was further exposure, mainly of the water supply systems, directed by Ze'ev Herzog with David Sappo (Western Quarter, 1990–1991), with Tsvika Tsuk (the well, 1993) and finally with Ido Ginaton (the water-system, 1994–1995). Now, after a lengthy process of analyzing the excavations in the storerooms of Tel Aviv University's Institute of Archaeology and digging through the endless documentary material amassed, the full data is proudly presented. This work is offered not merely as a final report but as a starting point for further scientific inquiry on the abundant architectural, artifactual, and ecofactual data from Tel Beer-sheba. Volume I reports on the stratigraphy and architecture, volume 2 on the pottery; and volume 3 on the artifacts, ecofacts, and also provides concluding studies. The three volumes are profusely illustrated and an essential resource for anyone interested in the history of Judah, the Beer-sheba Valley, the site itself, and life during the Iron Age in the southern Levant.
Somnath, 1956 : being a report of excavations
This is the first report to be published on the Biblical kingdom of Eden, the Iron Age site of Tawilan. Particular attention is paid to the cuneiform tablet and gold jewellery hoard, the first to be discovered in Jordan. The stratigraphy, ceramics and other finds are also comprehensively analysed by Piotr Bienkowski and other specialists, and an overview of the development and nature of the site is provided.
The Ancient Pottery of Israel and its neighbors : from the Iron Age through the Hellenistic Period. Volume 2
The third gate : a novel
The Athenian Agora : site guide
Discoveries
Techniques of archaeological excavation
Come, tell me how you live
New discoveries in China : encountering history through archeology
Corpus topographicum Indiae antiquae : a sodalibus Universitatis Gandavensis et Universitatis Lovaniensis editum. Part 2, Archaeological sites
Field methods and post-excavation techniques in late antique archaeology
The Hillside Site St. Lawrence Island Alaska : an examination of collections from the 1930s
Excavations at Atranjīkherā : early civilization of the upper Gaṅgā basin
The stoa of Attalos II in Athens
"Archaeologists working on late antique sites have not spent enough time thinking about methodology. Their focus has often been on recovering and cataloguing evidence, or on the study of specific historical problems. Digging has often been more important than publishing, which has rarely extended beyond the basic summaries found in preliminary reports. The re-emergence of clearance excavation, fuelled by the demands of tourism, has further reduced the value of urban excavations in the East Mediterranean. Here, late antique levels have suffered, in the hunt for photogenic early imperial architecture. This volume attempts to address this situation by offering a critique of present practice and a series of exemplars, alongside discussion articles on field technique and post-excavation analysis. The scope of the articles ranges from urban survey to the study of finds. Finally, the book considers if we need to develop specific field methods appropriate to the study of late antiquity. Contributors are John Bintliff, Jeremy Evans, Axel Gering, Stefan Groh, Nikolaos D. Karydis, Veli Köse, Luke Lavan, Zsolt Magyar, Philip Mills, John Pearce, Steve Roskams, Helga Sedlmayer, Ellen Swift, Itamar Taxel, Douglas Underwood, Lutgarde Vandeput and Joe Williams"--Provided by publisher.
Barkær : Long Barrows and settlements
Leucarum : excavations at the Roman auxiliary fort at Loughor, West Glamorgan 1982-84 and 1987-88
The fall of Troy
The forgotten kingdom : the archaeology and history of Northern Israel
Pompeii : guide to the site
Urban and natural landscapes of an ancient Syrian capital : settlement and environment at Tell Mishrifeh/Qatna and in central-western Syria : proceedings of the international conference held in Udine 9-11 December 2004
Reykholt : archaeological investigations at a high status farm in Western Iceland
Urban landscape survey in Italy and the Mediterranean
Novae : studies and materials. 1
Excavations at Dura-Europos 1928-1937. Final report 7, The arms and armour and other military equipment
Medieval fishing tackle from Bergen and Borgland
Excavations at Kish : expedition to Mesopotamia. Vol. 1, 1923-1924
Excavations at Lal Qila : a habitational OCP site and a unique copper-hoard from Kiratpur
Digging for Hitler : the Nazi archaeologists search for an Aryan past
Jewelry from the Iron Age II Levant
From polis to borders : demarcation of social and ritual space in the sanctuary of Poseidon at Kalaureia, Greece
An early archaeological site near Panuco, Vera Cruz
The Late Helladic I pottery of the southwestern Peloponnesos and its local characteristics
Excavations at Ficana. Vol. 4, The Republican and Imperial periods ; The excavation of Zona 6B
Excavations at Thera. 5, (1971 season)
The finds of Roman Britain
Footwear from the Gullskoen area of Bryggen
Prehistoric investigations in Iraqi Kurdistan
The dig : an archaeological reconstruction of a west coast village
Objevování starého Egypta 1958-1988 : (Práce Československého egyptologického ústavu Univerzity Karlovy v Egyptě) = Unearthing ancient Egypt 1958-1988 : (activities of the Czechoslovak Institute of Egyptology in Egypt)
The archaeology of early medieval Poland : discoveries--hypotheses--interpretations
Come, tell me how you live : an archaeological memoir
Report of the 1978 Nyelv Nedre Vest excavations in Varangerfjord, north Norway
Report of the 1994 spring excavations field IISW: the olive oil industrial zone of the late Iron Age II : text, data base and plates
Tas-Silġ, on the south-east coast of the island of Malta, is a major multi-period site, with archaeological remains spanning four thousand years. A megalithic temple complex built in the early third millennium BC gave way to a Phoenician and Punic sanctuary dedicated to the goddess Astarte. The sacred place underwent major transformations in Roman times, becoming an international religious complex dedicated to the goddess Juno. Located on the maritime routes plied by mariners and traders, its fame did not escape the attention of the first-century BC orator Cicero. Excavated as part of a major archaeological project in the 1960s, the site of Tas-Silġ lay abandoned for several decades. In 1996, the University of Malta renewed excavations at the site for ten seasons, uncovering Neolithic and Late Bronze Age occupation levels, and substantial deposits associated with ritual offerings of Punic date. This volume is the second monograph of the final publication of the excavations. It provides an account of the pottery and of the hundreds of inscribed pottery sherds that were recovered during the excavations. It forms a companion volume to the first monograph, which reports on the history of the site and other finds.
Yavneh II : the "Temple Hill" repository pit : fire pans, kernos, naos, painted stands, "plain" pottery, Cypriot pottery, inscribed bowl, dog bones, stone fragments, and other studies
A century of excavation in the land of the Pharaohs
Excavations at Kish : expedition to Mesopotamia. Vol. 3, 1925-7
Diversity of Mesolithic Vedbæk
Machaerus I : history, archaeology and architecture of the fortified Herodian royal palace and city overlooking the Dead Sea in Transjordan : final report of the excavations and surveys, 1807-2012
The sacred blood
A hundred years of archaeological discoveries in Lithuania
The Agora of Athens : the history, shape and uses of an ancient city center
The Middle Ages in the Athenian Agora
Selenkahiye : final report on the University of Chicago and University of Amsterdam excarvations in the Tabqa reservoir, Northern Syria, 1967-1975
Beer-Sheba III : the early iron IIA enclosed settlement and the late iron IIA-iron IIB cities. Vol. II, The pottery
Excavations at Thera. 2, (1968 season)
"Employs archaelogical findings and historical records to describe the kingdom of Puyŏ, an ancient and largely obscure polity that once exercised influence over a large portion of central Manchuria in what is today the northeastern part of China"--Provided by publisher.
A brief history of the amazons : women warriors in myth and history
The Orpheus descent
The treasure of Troy : Heinrich Schliemann's excavations
Excavations at Jarlshof, Shetland
The archaeologist at work : a source book in archaeological method and interpretation
Rescue excavation 1938 to 1972 : a report for the Backlog Working Party of the Ancient Monuments Advisory Committee of English Heritage
Novae : sektor zachodni. The fortifications in the western sector of Novae
Speaking from among the bones : a Flavia de Luce novel
The Land of Benjamin
"Small things forgotten" : locks and keys & board games
Tas-Silġ, Marsaxlokk (Malta) I : archaeological excavations conducted by the University of Malta, 1996-2005
A conservation manual for the field archaeologist
Lo-Lang : a report on the excavation of Wang Hsü's tomb in the "Lo-Lang" Province
Cypriot connections : an archaeological chronicle
Sinai : excavations and studies
The Mesolithic occupation at Bouldnor Cliff and the submerged prehistoric landscapes of the Solent
Excavation at Nageswar Gujarat : a Harappan shell working site on the gulf of Kutch
Quo vadis? : status and future perspectives of long-term excavations in Europe : papers presented at a workshop organized by the Archaeological State Museum (ALM) and the Centre for Baltic and Scandinavian Archaeology (ZBSA) on occasion of the 175th anniversary of the Archaeological State Museum, Schleswig October 26th to 28th, 2011
Sarepta II : the late bronze and iron age periods of area II, X : the University Museum of the University of Pennsylvania excavations at Sarafand, Lebanon
An introduction to archaeology
Biskupin Polish Excavations
Myos Hormos - Quseir al-Quadim : Roman and Islamic ports on the Red Sea. Vol. 2, Finds from the excavations 1999-2003
Inventorium sepulchrale : an account of some antiquities
The Fortaleza Valley, Peru : archaeological investigation of Late Archaic sites (3000-1800 BC)
Arheologičeskie issledovaniâ rossijsko-mongol'sko-amerikanskoj èkspedicii v Mongolii v 1996 godu = Archaelogical studies carried out by the joint Russian-Mongolian-American expedition in Mongolia in 1996
Bridge of the untiring sea : the Corinthian Isthmus from prehistory to late antiquity
