http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14144 theologians
theologians
Chinese Christ : The Christology of T. C. Chao
Full life for all : the work and theology of Philip A. Potter : a historical survey and systematic analysis of major themes
Shaftesbury and the deist manifesto
The political ideas of Richard Hooker
Martin Luther : the Christian between God and death
Rethinking Abelard : a collection of critical essays
A short history of Atheism
Scribe of heaven : Swedenborg's life, work, and impact
This volume offers a compelling introduction to the life, times, and theological thought of H. Richard and Reinhold Niebuhr--the two most important American theologians of the twentieth century. Although the Niebuhr brothers shared the same heritage and experienced many of the same formative moments, their thought diverged at key points as their lives and careers developed. Scott R. Paeth's expert introduction to the Niebuhr brothers explores this history and the enduring influence of the Niebuhrs on religious and political thought. This lively introduction, which includes witty illustrations from Ron Hill, is an essential resource for understanding these enduring theological figures.
Ernst Troeltsch : Systematic theologian of radical historicality
An exhaustive guide to every significant Christian theologian who lived from the first century to 1308, the year in which John Duns Scotus died. The dictionary encompasses the Catholic, Orthodox, Nestorian and Monophysite traditions, including information not previously available in English. Thoroughly indexed, the dictionary incorporates common variants of names and concepts which will help and direct the reader. The main criterion for inclusion has been contribution to the development of Christian theology. Sub-criteria by which that is measured include, above all, originality and influence on later figures. With over 290 entries, the dictionary provides a handy summary of theologians' lives and writings together with recent scholarship, as well as an up-to-date, definitive bibliography listing primary texts, translations and secondary literature in the major western European languages. Useful for all levels of academia; no other text matches the depth of the dictionary's bibliographies. The unprecedented thoroughness of Hill's compilation provides an essential resource for studies at all levels on such a large and varied range of Church thinkers.
Karl Rahner : theologian for the twenty-first century
A companion to Jan Hus
Juan de Segovia and the fight for peace : Christians and Muslims in the fifteenth century
The enormously prolific Swiss Roman Catholic theologian Hans Urs von Balthasar (1905-1988) was marginalized during much of his life, but his reputation over time has only continued to grow. He was said to be the favorite theologian of John Paul II and is held in high esteem by Benedict XVI. It is not uncommon to hear him referred to as "the" great Catholic theologian of the twentieth century.In "Balthasar: A (Very) Critical Introduction" Karen Kilby argues that although the low regard in which Balthasar was held from the 1950s to 1960s was not justified, neither is the current tendency to lionize him. Instead, she advocates a more balanced approach, particularly in light of a fundamental problem in his writing, namely, his characteristic authorial voice -- an over-reaching "God's eye" point of view that contradicts the content of his theology.
Contemporary Christologies : a Fortress introduction
Faith, truth, and freedom : the expulsion of professor Gerd Lüdemann from the theological faculty at Göttingen University : symposium and documents
The great humanists : an introduction
A philosophy of concrete life : Carl Schmitt and the political thought of late modernity
Mind, text, and commentary : noetic exegesis in Origen of Alexandria, Didymus the Blind, and Evagrius Ponticus
Key theological thinkers : from modern to postmodern
Life-based theology of Finnish women theologians
A portrait of the German pastor-theologian draws on new research to cover the 1930 visit to America that shaped his perspectives on faith and moral responsibility, his achievements as an anti-Nazi activist, and the plot against Hitler that would result in his execution.
Swiss theologian Karl Barth traveled to the United States only once during his long career. In 1962, newly retired, he came to visit family and to deliver a series of lectures subsequently published (by Eerdmans) as Evangelical Theology: An Introduction, which remains in print and widely read to this day. Besides recounting some delightful and poignant biographical details about Barth's two-month journey through the States, the authors of this book revisit central themes in Barth's mature theology and explore the theological and ethical significance of his Evangelical Theology. Even more, the distinguished scholars contributing to this volume assess contemporary North American theology and show how Barth's Evangelical Theology remains as bracing, powerful, and relevant today as it was fifty years ago. -- Review: Kimlyn J. Bender-- George W. Truett Theological Seminary, Baylor University In 1962 Karl Barth made his one and only visit to the United States. The thoughtful and insightful essays in this volume reflect upon the importance of that visit, and they further the North American conversation with Barth's theology that continues to this day. Moreover, they give evidence that the reverberations of Barth's visit have not been exhausted and provide reason to believe that his theology may have yet more to contribute to the American ecclesial experience of our time. Paul T. Nimmo-- University of Aberdeen A delightful volume. . . . The authors use Karl Barth's only visit to the United States as a springboard to inspire a range of historical, theological, ethical, contextual, and current reflections. The result is a welcome series of polished, considered, insightful contributions to Barth studies in particular and to contemporary theology in general. Even more, the reader is inspired to take up anew the works of Barth. Highly recommended. Christophe Chalamet-- University of Geneva From Barth's real but seldom-acknowledged affinities with Bultmann's and Schleiermacher's thought, to his 1962 travels across the United States and his relations to American academic theologians (Benjamin B. Warfield and John A. Mackay) and major Christian figures (Martin Luther King Jr.) . . . a highly commendable collection of essays by both seasoned and younger scholars. "
Introducing christian theologies. Volume one, Voices from global Christian communities
The Cambridge companion to Dietrich Bonhoeffer
Internationale Bibliographie zu Dietrich  Bonhoeffer = International bibliography on Dietrich Bonhoeffer
A brief guide to C. S. Lewis
The Emmaus code : finding Jesus in the Old Testament
Abraham Kuyper : an annotated bibliography 1857-2010
Karl Barth on theology and philosophy
The medieval theologians
Fifty key Christian thinkers
The fathers and beyond : church fathers between ancient and medieval thought
Systematic theology. Volume 3
This book is an analysis of Karl Barth's understanding of the relationship between theology and philosophy. Kenneth Oakes shows the complexity and variability of Barth's thoughts on theology and philosophy and challenges the typical views that Barth was either too hostile towards philosophy or too indebted to it.
John Calvin : the organiser of reformed protestantism 1509-1564
Barcelona, Berlin, New York 1928/1931
A theology of higher education
The place of Hooker in the history of thought
Edward Schillebeeckx : a theologian in his history. Volume 1, A Catholic theology of culture (1914-1965)
Abstract in english.
Karl Barth : theologian of Christian witness
: "Nathan Söderblom has been acknowledged as an important artisan of the dialogue aimed at re-establishing Christian unity based on initiatives that could promote common religious values despite denominational differences, by means of concrete actions and by understanding the way in which society [...] still remains the centre of God's attention." Daniel, Patriarch of Romanian Orthodox Church
The two folk churches in Finland : The 12th Finnish Lutheran-Orthodox theological discussions 2014
Disputed truth : memoirs II
Teaching the Bible : the discourses and politics of biblical pedagogy
Anselm of Canterbury : his life and legacy
Chinese Christ : the Christology of T. C. Chao
A theology of ecology
Karl Barth's critically realistic dialectical theology : its genesis and development 1909-1936
Academic disciplines can be understood as tribes with their own territories (Becher 1989) which are protected from outsiders and invested with power and meaning for those within. The language which scholars use to delineate and distinguish them from one another is replete with spatial metaphor and the language of war and struggle. References to inside/outside, inclusion/exclusion, to boundaries, incursions, incorporation, integration and embrace are frequently made, particularly when scholars write about their own discipline in relation to others. In this article I offer a spatial analysis of discourse about the discipline of religious studies and its relationship to theology. I note the importance in such discourse of the container schema (Lakoff and Johnson 1999) for depicting possible disciplinary relationships and various perspectives on 'religion' as an object of study. A spatial approach offers a clear visual depiction of the views of selected scholars of religion on the relationship of religious studies to theology, whilst also revealing some of the power strategies at work in disciplinary construction. Keywords: Religious studies, Theology, spatial language, academic disciplines.
Disciplining Christians : correction and community in Augustine's letters
Here I stand : a life of Martin Luther
The theology of Martin Luther King Jr. and Desmond Mpilo Tutu
Sexism and God-talk : towards a feminist theology
A unified theory of creationism : argumentation, experiential thinking and emerging doctrine
Faith of a people : the story of a Christian community in El Salvador, 1970-1980
Biographical dictionary of Christian theologians
Infant milk or hardy nourishment? : the Bible for lay people and theologians in the early modern period
God, truth, and witness : engaging Stanley Hauerwas
Feminist ethics and the Catholic moral tradition
Understanding the gift of communion : the Quest for a shared self-understanding of the Lutheran Communion : a reader
Thomas F. Torrance : theologian of the Trinity
Review David Burrell, C.S.C.-- University of Notre Dame"Karen Kilby exposes the plotline of Balthasar's formidable opus and proceeds to offer circumspect criticism of the supremely confident modes of expression his speculation can take. With grammar as a critical tool, she inquires trenchantly what might allow this 'theological novelist' to know his divine characters so well as to spin the story he does."Tina Beattie-- University of Roehampton"This book should be essential reading for anybody interested in contemporary Catholicism and its most flamboyant theologian. Kilby approaches her subject with a lucidity and balance that are rare in studies of Hans Urs von Balthasar. While meticulously careful to avoid gratuitous criticism, she offers a timely caution against the uncritical acceptance of Balthasar's work and its influence on much recent theology and doctrine."
The concept of beauty in patristic and Byzantine theology
Fifty key medieval thinkers
Thomas Harriot : an Elizabethan man of science
Paolo Sarpi : a servant of God and state
We listened long, before we spoke : a consultation of the Sub-unit on Women in Church and Society of the World Council of Churches
The 20th and 21st Centuries have been characterized by theologians and philosophers rethinking theology and revitalizing the tradition. This unique anthology presents contributions from leading contemporary theologians - including Rowan Williams, Fergus Kerr, Aidan Nichols, G.R. Evans and Tracey Rowland - who offer portraits of over fifty key theological thinkers in the modern and postmodern era. Distinguished by its broad ecumenical perspective, this anthology spans arguably one of the most creative periods in the history of Christian theology and includes thinkers from all three Christian traditions: Protestant, Catholic and Orthodox. Each individual portrait in this anthology includes a biographical introduction, an overview of theological or philosophical writing, presentation of key thoughts, and contextual placing of the thinker within 20th Century religious discourse. Overview articles explore postmodern theology, radical orthodoxy, ecumenical theology, feminist theology, and liberation theology. A final section includes portraits of important thinkers who have influenced Christian thought from other fields, not least from Continental philosophy and literature.
Friendship and resistance : essays on Dietrich Bonhoeffer
Should Christianity's theological face remain largely European and North American in the twenty-first century in the wake of the expansion of Christianity in sub-Saharan Africa, Asia, and Latin America? The question about the "theological face" of Christianity cannot be ignored. For too long African, Asian, and Latin American theologians have been left out of mainstream theological discussions. Few standard textbooks on Christian theology acknowledge the unique contributions theologians from these continents have made to global Christianity. Introducing Christian Theologies: Voices from Global Christian Communities is a two-volume textbook that alters the predominantly European and North American "theological face" of Christianity by interacting with the voices of the Christian communities from around the globe. Introducing Christian Theologies explores the works of key theologians from across the globe, highlighting their unique contributions to Christian theology and doctrine. --
How to read Karl Barth : the shape of his theology
Nineteenth-century Lutheran theologians
Children and the theologians : clearing the way for grace
The Continuation War as a metanoic moment : a Burkean reading of lutheran hierocratic rhetoric
Luther on the Christian life : cross and freedom
John Calvin : A biography
Jonathan Edwards : philosophical theologian
Catholic theologians in Nazi Germany
The most popular source of theological hope for American Christians is that of Jürgen Moltmann. Preachers, teachers, and lay people reflect Moltmann's influence, with their hope in a this-worldly eschatology and a suffering God. However, an exclusive reliance on that hope deprives the church of crucial resources in the face of global economic, environmental, and military crises. This book explores Moltmannian hope and considers its costs before looking elsewhere for additional contributions, from Thomas Aquinas's theological virtue of hope to nihilism and beyond, in order to encourage the church to sustain and practice hope in Jesus Christ, our only hope.
Balthasar : a (very) critical introduction
Dean Colet and his theology
The relevance of theology : Nathan Söderblom and the development of an academic discipline : proceedings from a conference held in Uppsala, April 14-16 2002
Godly ambition : John Stott and the Evangelical movement
Exile : Old Testament, Jewish, and Christian conceptions
Festal orations
Leadership : a publication of Christianity Today, Inc
Scholarly community at the early University of Paris : theologians, education and society, 1215-1248
Dietrich Bonhoeffer : an introduction to his thought
Reinhold Niebuhr and his Circle of Influence Reinhold Niebuhr, the prominent American theologian, was one of the few religious figures who had a significant impact on the broader society outside the theological community in the United States during the twentieth century. Niebuhr's influence was most pronounced among those associated with historical studies and politics. This book presents Niebuhr in dialogue with seven individuals who each had a major influence on American life: the theologian Paul Tillich, philosopher/educator John Dewey, socialist Norman Thomas, historian Arthur Schlesinger Jr., international political theorist Hans Morganthau, diplomat George Kennan, and Supreme Court Justice Felix Frankfurter. Through a detailed examination of Niebuhr's interactions with these figures, Daniel F. Rice's study offers a survey of mid-twentieth-century theology, political thought, and culture.
A future for truth : evangelical theology in a postmodern world
The Oxford Encyclopedia of Martin Luther
Heinrich Bullinger of prophecy and the prophetic office (1523-1538)
Dialogue in the crisis of representation : realism and antirealism in the context of the conversation between theologians and quantum physicists in Göttingen 1949-1961
Systematic theology. Volume 2
Philosophical studies in religion, metaphysics, and ethics : essays in honour of Heikki Kirjavainen
William Perkins and the making of a Protestant England
Beyond the pale. Reading theology from the margins
Bonhoeffer for a new day : theology in a time of transition : papers presented at the Seventh International Bonhoeffer Congress, Cape Town, 1996
In retrospect : remembrance of things past
Crucified and resurrected : restructuring the grammar of Christology
Theologian of sin and grace : the process of radicalization in the theology of Matthias Flacius Illyricus
Our only hope : more than we can ask or imagine
Beyond dogma : Rumi's teachings on friendship with God and early Sufi theories
Calvinus clarissimus theologus : papers of the Tenth International Congress on Calvin Research
Practical theology and qualitative research
An introduction to Indian Christian theology
A companion to Bonaventure
Systematic theology. Volume 1
"Islam in Modern Turkey presents one of the most comprehensive studies in English of the seminal Turkish thinker and theologian, Bediuzzaman Said Nursi (1876-1960). A devout Muslim who strongly believed in peacefully coexisting with the West, Nursi inspired a faith movement that has played a vital role in the revival of Islam in Turkey and now numbers several million followers worldwide. While Nursi's ideas have been afforded considerable analysis, this book is the first to situate these ideas and his related activities in their historical contexts. Based on the available sources and Nursi's own works, here is a complete and balanced view of this important theologian's life and thought."--BOOK JACKET
Sufi master and Qur'an scholar : Abū'l-Qāsim al-Qushayrï and the Laṭā̕ʼif al-ishārāt
Georges Florovsky and the Russian religious renaissance
Modern Russian theology : Bukharev, Soloviev, Bulgakov : Orthodox theology in a new key
John Hick : a critical introduction and reflection
A companion to Jean Gerson
Twentieth-century Lutheran theologians
A companion to John Wyclif : late medieval theologian
Natural law in jurisprudence and politics
The Westminster dictionary of Christian theology
Dictionary of theologians to 1308
Contemporary practical theology in Finland
A short life of Kierkegaard
The Reformation theologians : an introduction to theology in the early modern period
Joachim of Fiore and the influence of inspiration : essays in memory of Marjorie E. Reeves (1905-2003)
The future of God : the revolutionary dynamics of hope
Feminist theology/Christian theology : in search of method
Strange glory : a life of Dietrich Bonhoeffer
Dorothee Soelle : mystic and rebel : the biography
Voces clamantium in deserto : essays in honor of Kari Syreeni
The theology of John Macquarrie (1919-2007) : a comprehensive and contextual exploration
Abraham Kuyper : a short and personal introduction
Encounters with Karl Rahner : remembrances of Rahner by those who knew him
Bonhoeffer's intellectual formation : theology and philosophy in his thought
Martin Luther in motion pictures : history of a metamorphosis
The Blackwell companion to the theologians
A broad place : an autobiography
After hardship cometh ease : the Jews as backdrop for Muslim moderation
America's theologian : a recommendation of Jonathan Edwards
Future theological professionals in Finland - a changing generation
The church crossing frontiers : essays on the nature of mission : in honour of Bengt Sundkler
Empirical dogmatics of the Orthodox Catholic Church : according to the spoken teaching of father John Romanides. Vol. 1, Dogma, ethics, revelation : critical presentation
Religious studies and its relationship with theology : a spatial analysis
Relativism and religion : why democratic societies do not need moral absolutes
Nathan Söderblom : artisan of Christian unity between North and East : his correspondence with Orthodox personalities (1896-1931)
Hugh of Saint Victor
God and modernity  : a new and better way to do theology
The Princeton companion to Jonathan Edwards
From the Ultimate God to the Virtual God: Post-Ontotheological Perspectives on the Divine in Heidegger, Badiou, and Meillassoux
Boff, Leonardo
The polarity of dynamics and form : the basic tension in Paul Tillich's thinking
John Knox
"Christians seeking to "save the planet" have to relate "reation" with "salvation" in a way that does justice to both themes. This volume explores the ways in which this task is approached in a wide range of recent theological movements. It includes 15 chapters with 87 sections by 54 authors from all over the world. On this basis this volume provides a barometer of contemporary theological movements." -Publisher's description.
John Henry Newman : a biography
During the glory days of the French Renaissance, young John Calvin (1509-1564) experienced a profound conversion to the faith of the Reformation. For the rest of his days he lived out the implications of that transformation - as exile, inspired reformer, and ultimately the dominant figure of the Protestant Reformation
William Barclay : a spiritual autobiography
The Niebuhr brothers for armchair theologians
The autobiography of Richard Baxter
Christian critics : religion and the impasse in modern American social thought
Hunted heretic : the life and death of Michael Servetus 1511-1553
Font of life : Ambrose, Augustine and the mystery of baptism
Wilhelm Löhe : Erbe und Vision : ILoeS Loehe Theological Conference II, Neuendettelsau 22. bis 26. Juli 2008
Forthieth anniversary of St. Vladimir's Orthodox Theological Seminary, Crestwood, New York
John Henry Newman is often described as 'the Father of the Second Vatican Council'. He anticipated most of the Council's major documents, as well as being an inspiration to the theologians who were behind them. His writings offer an illuminating commentary both on the teachings of the Council and the way these have been implemented and interpreted in the post-conciliar period. This book is the first sustained attempt to consider what Newman's reaction to Vatican II would have been. As a theologian who on his own admission fought throughout his life against theological liberalism, yet who pioneered many of the themes of the Council in his own day, Newman is best described as a conservative radical who cannot be classed simply as either a conservative or liberal Catholic. At the time of the First Vatican Council, Newman adumbrated in his private letters a mini-theology of Councils, which casts much light on Vatican II and its aftermath. The leading Newman scholar, Ian Ker, argues that Newman would have greatly welcomed the reforms of the Council, but would have seen them in the light of his theory of doctrinal development, insisting that they must certainly be understood as changes but changes in continuity rather than discontinuity with the Church's tradition and past teachings. He would therefore have endorsed the so-called 'hermeneutic of reform in continuity' in regard to Vatican II, a hermeneutic first formulated by Pope Benedict XVI and subsequently confirmed by his successor, Pope Francis, and rejected both 'progressive' and ultra-conservative interpretations of the Council as a revolutionary event. Newman believed that what Councils fail to speak of is of great importance, and so a final chapter considers the kind of evangelization-a topic notably absent from the documents of Vatican II- Newman thought appropriate in the face of secularization.
Dictionary of world biography. Vol. 2, The Middle Ages
Pioneers of Islamic revival
"Over the course of the twentieth century, liberal Christian intellectuals - both Protestant and Catholic - drew on religion to make sense of the emerging world of professional expertise, industrial technology, and therapeutic selfhood. Christian Critics explores their social thought and cultural criticism and examines the ways that these Christian leaders perceived the nation and its people." "Offering portraits of a diverse selection of critics - including Walter Rauschenbusch, Reinhold Niebuhr, H. Richard Niebuhr, Dorothy Day, Paul Tillich, Thomas Merton, Martin Luther King, Jr., Daniel Berrigan, Michael Novak, Mary Daly, and Garry Wills - Eugene McCarraher argues that together they left a contradictory legacy. While all supported movements for the rights of labor, racial minorities, and women, some endorsed the military-industrial order that established the professional-managerial class as a dominant national force, while others favored a decentralized political economy of worker self-management. At the same time, McCarraher recasts the debate about the "therapeutic ethic" by tracing a shift, not from religion to therapy, but from religious to secular conceptions of selfhood. His book returns theology to its crucial place in the history of twentieth-century American intellectual life and suggests its importance to the future of the American Left."--Jacket.
Macrina the Younger, philosopher of God
Teologien henkilöbibliografioita : valikoima 1900-luvulla ilmestynyttä kirjallisuutta = Theological author bibliographies : a selection of literature published in the twentieth century
Rudolf Bultmann : a biography
Stories from the Street is a theological exploration of interviews with men and women who had experienced homelessness at some stage in their lives. Framed within a theology of story and a theology of liberation, Nixon suggests that story is not only a vehicle for creating human transformation but it is one of God's chosen means of effecting change. Short biographies of twelve characters are examined under themes including: crises in health and relationships, self-harm and suicide, anger and pain, God and the Bible. Expanding the existing literature of contextual theology, this book provides an alternative focus to a church-shaped mission by advocating with, and for, a very marginal group; suggesting that their experiences have much to teach the church. Churches are perceived as being active in terms of pastoral work, but reluctant to ask more profound questions about why homelessness exists at all. A theology of homelessness suggests not just a God of the homeless, but a homeless God, who shares stories and provides hope. Engaging with contemporary political and cultural debates about poverty, housing and public spending, Nixon presents a unique theological exploration of homeless people, suffering, hope and the human condition.
It has often been noted that the Protestant Reformation of the early sixteenth century witnessed a revived interest in the scriptural notions of prophets and prophecy. Drawing from both late medieval apocalyptic expectations of the immanent end of the world and from a humanist revival of biblical studies, the prophet appeared to many as a suitable role model for the Protestant preacher. A prominent proponent of this prophetic model was the Swiss theologian and church leader Heinrich Bullinger (1504–1575). This study by Daniël Timmerman presents the first in-depth investigation of Bullinger's concept of prophecy and his understanding of the prophetic office. It also engages with the history of the Zurich institute for the study of the Scriptures, which has become widely known as the »Prophezei«.
Fully Indian - authentically Christian : a study of the first fifteen years of the NBCLC (1967-1982), Banglore - India in the light of the theology of its founder, D. S. Amalorpavadass
Emanuel Swedenborg : essays for the new century edition on his life, work, and impact
The soul of a lion : Dietrich von Hildebrand : a biography
Ways of Byzantine philosophy
A companion to Giles of Rome
Does theological education make a difference? : global lessons in mission and ministry from India and Britain
Churches and the Victorian sports boom
International journal of sino-western studies
Secrets of Watchman Nee / his life, his teachings, his influence
A companion to Richard Hooker
A companion to the theology of John Mair
Dictionary of world biography. Vol. 4, The 17th and 18th centuries
[Kierkegaard's writings]. [22], The point of view
Athenagoras : philosopher and theologian
Robert Grosseteste and his intellectual milieu : new editions and studies
Hannah's Child : a theologian's memoir
Edward Schillebeeckx in search of the kingdom of god
Cyril of Alexandria and the Nestorian controversy : the making of a saint and of a heretic
Reinhold Niebuhr and his circle of influence
Theological hermeneutics : development and significance
Christian uniqueness reconsidered : the myth of a pluralistic theology of religions
The pietist theologians : an introduction to theology in the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries
Food for the soul or the soul for food : users' perspectives on religiously affliliated food charity in a Finnish city
Erasmus of Rotterdam : with a selection from the letters of Erasmus
Dictionary of world biography. Vol. 3, The Renaissance
Newman on Vatican II
The cost of moral leadership : the spirituality of Dietrich Bonhoeffer
How did a religion whose founding proponents advocated a shocking disregard of earthly ties come to extol the virtues of the "traditional" family? In this richly textured history of the relationship between Christianity and the family Rosemary Radford Ruether traces the development of these centerpieces of modern life to reveal the misconceptions at the heart of the "family values" debate.
Islam in modern Turkey : an intellectual biography of Bediuzzaman Said Nursi
Postliberal theology and the church catholic : conversations with George Lindbeck, David Burrell, and Stanley Hauerwas
William Robertson Smith : his life, his work and his times
Stories from the street : a theology of homelessness
The remaking of Christian doctrine
The Cambridge companion to Karl Barth
How does postliberalism relate to Roman Catholic theology? More specifically, how reliant is postliberalism on what happened at Vatican II? This work examines the Roman Catholic roots of postliberal theology, centering on conversations with three of the most important North American theologians in the last half of the twentieth century.
Erring : a postmodern a/theology
The legacy of sovereign joy : God's triumphant grace in the lives of Augustine, Luther, and Calvin
Karl Barth and the making of Evangelical theology : a fifty-year perspective
Creation and salvation. Vol. 2, A companion on recent theological movements
