http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14101 dark matter
dark matter
Discovering postmodern cosmology : discoveries in dark matter, cosmic web, big bang, inflation, cosmic rays, dark energy, accelerating cosmos
Dark matter and cosmic web story
Axion cosmology
Extensions of the standard model scalar sector and constraints from ccolliders and cosmology
Observations of distant supernovae and cosmological implications
Dark matter and the dinosaurs : the astounding interconnectedness of the universe
Three steps to the universe : from the sun to black holes to the mystery of dark matter
In this thesis we shed light on the formation and evolution of disk galaxies, which often host a stellar bar (about 2/3 of cases). In particular, we address the bar-driven secular evolution, that is, the steady redistribution of stellar and gaseous material through the disk induced by the bar torques and resonances. We characterize the mass distribution of the disks in the Spitzer Survey of Stellar Structure in Galaxies (S4G, Sheth et al. 2010) and study the properties of the different stellar structure components and the interplay between them. We use 3.6µm photometry for ~ 1300 face-on and moderately inclined disk galaxies to analyze the frequency, dimensions, orientations and shapes of stellar bars, spiral arms, rings, (ring)lenses, and barlenses (i.e. lens-like structures embedded in the bars). We calculate the strength of the bars in the S4G via ellipse fitting, Fourier decomposition of the galaxy images, and from the gravitational tangential-to-radial forces. We also estimate the stellar contribution to the circular velocity, allowing us to analyze the coupling between non-baryonic and stellar matter within the optical disk. We average stellar density profiles (1D), the disk(+bulge) component of the rotation curve, and stellar bars (2D) as a function of fundamental galaxy parameters. We complement the study with integral-field unit kinematic data from Seidel et al. (2015b) for a subsample of 16 S4G barred galaxies. We quantify the bar-induced perturbation strengths in the stellar and gaseous disk from the kinematics, and show that they agree with the estimates obtained from the images. We also use Hα Fabry-Perot observations from Erroz-Ferrer et al. (2015) for 29 S4G disk galaxies to study the inner slope of the rotation curves. We provide possible observational evidence for the growth of bars in a Hubble time. We demonstrate the role of bars causing the spreadingof the disk and the enhancement of the central stellar concentration. Our observations support the idea that Boxy/Peanut bulges in face-on perspective manifest as barlenses, that are often identfied in early-type galaxies hosting strong bars, and some of them also as inner lenses. We find that the amount of dark matter within the optical disk scales with the total stellar mass, as expected in the ΛCDM models. We also confirm that the observed inner velocity gradient is correlated with the central surface brightness, showing a strong connection between the inner shape of the potential well and the central stellar density. We show that disks and bars in early-type (T < 5 ≡ Sc) and late-type (T ≥ 5) disk galaxies, or alternatively in galaxies having total stellar masses greater or smaller than 1010M, are characterized by very distinct properties. Late-type disks are less centrally concentrated (many galaxies are bulge-less) and present a larger halo-to-stellar mass ratio, what probably affects the disk stability properties. The detection of bars in late-type galaxies is strongly dependent on the identification criteria. On average, bars in early-type spirals (T = 0 − 2) are longer (both in physical units and relative to the disk) and have larger density amplitudes than the intermediate-type spirals (T ≈ 5), and the bar lengths among the latest-types in the S4G are also larger. In comparison to earlier types, the bars in late-type systems show larger tangential-to-radial force ratios. This result holds even when the estimated dark halo effect is included.
Signatures of secular evolution in disk galaxies
A search for solar neutralino dark matter with the AMANDA-II neutrino telescope
Supersymmetry vis-à-vis observation : dark matter constraints, global fits and statistical issues
Science but not as we know it : cutting-edge concepts made simple
The evolution of linear energy density perturbations in the early universe
The unknown universe in 10 chapters
A time traveller's guide to life, the universe & everything
Strong gravitational lensing and structure formation
Investigations of structure in dark matter haloes
Astronomy : 50 ideas you really need to know
Dark-matter detection by LSP scattering
The dark matter problem : a historical perspective
"Dark matter is among the most important open problems in modern physics. Aimed at graduate students and researchers, this book describes the theoretical and experimental aspects of the dark matter problem in particle physics, astrophysics and cosmology. Featuring contributions from 48 leading theorists and experimentalists, it presents many aspects, from astrophysical observations to particle physics candidates, and from the prospects for detection at colliders to direct and indirect searches. The book introduces observational evidence for dark matter along with a detailed discussion of the state-of-the-art of numerical simulations and alternative explanations in terms of modified gravity. It then moves on to the candidates arising from theories beyond the Standard Model of particle physics, and to the prospects for detection at accelerators. It concludes by looking at direct and indirect dark matter searches, and the prospects for detecting the particle nature of dark matter with astrophysical experiments. -- Describes the theoretical and experimental aspects of the dark matter problem -- Presents observations, theory and experiments to give a complete and consistent understanding of dark matter -- Features contributions from leading experts in the field"--Provided by publisher.
Gravitation and dark matter
The 4 percent universe : dark matter, dark energy, and the race to discover the rest of reality
On electromagnetic fields and their applications in the early universe
Searches for dark matter with IceCube and DeepCore : new constraints on theories predicting dark matter particles
The 4% universe : dark matter, dark energy, and the race to discover the rest of reality
Mapping the heavens : the radical scientific ideas that reveal the cosmos
Particle dark matter : observations, models and searches
Dark matter and baryogenesis in Higgs portal models
Light from dark matter : hidden dimensions, supersymmetry, and inert higgs
Inhomogeneous cosmologies with clustered dark energy or a local matter void
Beyond the standard model via extended symmetries and dark matter
Our universe via Drexler dark matter : Drexler dark matter created and explains dark energy, top-down cosmology, inflation, accelerating cosmos, stars, galaxies, cosmic web
The unknown universe : in 10 chapters
The universe in your hand : a journey through space, time and beyond
Phenomenology of inert scalar and supersymmetric dark matter
Weakly interacting dark matter in walking technicolor theories
"The book introduces observational evidence for dark matter along with a detailed discussion of the state-of-the-art of numerical simulations and alternative explanations in terms of modified gravity. It then moves on to the candidates arising from theories beyond the Standard Model of particle physics, and to the prospects for detection at accelerators. It concludes by looking at direct and indirect dark matter searches, and the prospects for detecting the particle nature of dark matter with astrophysical experiments"--Provided by publisher.
Heart of darkness : unraveling the mysteries of the invisible universe
Implications of dark matter In supersymmetric models
