http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14119 natural philosophy
natural philosophy
The meaning of relativity
Asian perceptions of nature : papers presented at a workshop, NIAS, Copenhagen, Denmark, october 1991
Proclus of Lycia (412–485) was one of the greatest philosophers of antiquity, producing the most systematic version of late Neoplatonic thought. He exercised enormous influence on Byzantine, medieval, Renaissance and German Classical philosophy, ranking among the top five of ancient philosophers in terms of the number of preserved works. Despite this he is rarely studied now, the enormous intricacy of his system making the reading of his treatises difficult for beginners. This book provides the first comprehensive introduction to all the basic areas of Proclus' thought. It carefully guides the reader through his metaphysics, theology, epistemology and theory of evil, as well as his sophisticated philosophy of religion. It also sets Proclus in the historical, social and religious context of late antiquity, offering a synthetic account that will appeal to historians and students of ancient religion.
The philosophy of nature : a guide to the new essentialism
The God delusion
The community of interpreters : on the hermeneutics of nature and the Bible in the American philosophical tradition
Religion, reason, and nature in early modern Europe
The identity of the history of science and medicine
After Newton : essays on natural philosophy
Subverting Aristotle : religion, history, and philosophy in early modern science
What is life? : the physical aspect of the living cell
The science of the struggle for existence : on the foundations of ecology
Classification, evolution, and the nature of biology
The works of Aristotle. Vol. 2, Physica; De caelo; De generatione et corruptione
Theology and early modern philosophy (1550-1750)
Newton's philosophy of nature : selections from his writings
The divine lawmaker : lectures on induction, laws of nature, and the existence of God
Order out of chaos : man's new dialogue with nature
Dialogue in the crisis of representation : realism and antirealism in the context of the conversation between theologians and quantum physicists in Göttingen 1949-1961
A theory of natural philosophy : Put forward a. explained by ... English ed. From the text of the first Venetian ed. publ. under the personal superintendence of the author in 1763. With a short life of Boscovich
Plato and the post-Socratic dialogue : the return to the philosophy of nature
Physics, philosophy, and psychoanalysis : essays in honor of Adolf Grünbaum
The Scotsman George Combe (1788-1858) was an energetic and vocal promoter of phrenology, natural philosophy, and secularism, who rose from humble origins to tour widely in Europe and the United States and become a best-selling author. His most famous book, The Constitution of Man, was published in 1828, and had sold approximately 350,000 copies, distributed by over 100 publishers, by 1900. It put forward Combe's version of naturalism, and was hugely influential - perhaps more so even than Charles Darwin - in changing popular understanding of the place of humanity in the natural order, as subject to natural laws (physical, organic and moral). Combe's essay illustrates the relations between these laws with a view to the improvement of education and the regulation of individual conduct. It stirred up enormous controversy for decades after its publication, and is central to the understanding of the philosophical and scientific debates of the Victorian period.
Rethinking nature : essays in environmental philosophy
The idea of nature
The vegetative soul : from philosophy of nature to subjectivity in the feminine
Systematics as normative holism
What is a law of nature?
The phenomenology of man and of the human condition : individualisation of nature and the human being. 1, Plotting the territory for interdisciplinary communication
The barbarian principle : Merleau-Ponty, Schelling, and the question of nature
The Law-Governed Universe
The elements of pantheism : understanding the divinity in nature and the universe
History and philosophy of emergence, self-organization and complex dynamics
Ideas for a philosophy of nature : as introduction to the study of this science 1797
"The New York Times bestselling author of The Rational Optimist and Genome returns with a fascinating, brilliant argument for evolution that definitively dispels a dangerous, widespread myth: that we can command and control our world.The Evolution of Everything is about bottom-up order and its enemy, the top-down twitch--the endless fascination human beings have for design rather than evolution, for direction rather than emergence. Drawing on anecdotes from science, economics, history, politics and philosophy, Matt Ridley's wide-ranging, highly opinionated opus demolishes conventional assumptions that major scientific and social imperatives are dictated by those on high, whether in government, business, academia, or morality. On the contrary, our most important achievements develop from the bottom up. Patterns emerge, trends evolve. Just as skeins of geese form Vs in the sky without meaning to, and termites build mud cathedrals without architects, so brains take shape without brain-makers, learning can happen without teaching and morality changes without a plan.Although we neglect, defy and ignore them, bottom-up trends shape the world. The growth of technology, the sanitation-driven health revolution, the quadrupling of farm yields so that more land can be released for nature--these were largely emergent phenomena, as were the Internet, the mobile phone revolution, and the rise of Asia. Ridley demolishes the arguments for design and effectively makes the case for evolution in the universe, morality, genes, the economy, culture, technology, the mind, personality, population, education, history, government, God, money, and the future.As compelling as it is controversial, authoritative as it is ambitious, Ridley's stunning perspective will revolutionize the way we think about our world and how it works"--
Laws of nature
Consilience : the unity of knowledge
On the nature of things = De rerum natura
Nature and lifeworld : theoretical and practical metaphysics
Newton
How forests think : toward an anthropology beyond the human
The natural philosophy of time
The nature
Nature and the Greeks
"Nature's nation" revisited : American concepts of nature from wonder to ecological crisis
Principal writings on religion including Dialogues concerning natural religion ; and, The natural history of religion
The embers and the stars : a philosophical inquiry into the moral sense of nature
The modeling of nature : philosophy of science and philosophy of nature in synthesis
Experience and nature
Structure and method in Aristotle's Meteorologica : a more disorderly nature
Naturphilosophie
Native science : natural laws of interdependence
The mechanization of natural philosophy
This sacred earth :  religion, nature, environment
A history of magic and experimental science. Volume 4, Fourteenth and fifteenth centuries
The ecological self
The properties of matter and the concept of organism in eighteenth-century French thought
The presocratic philosophers
Unfolding meaning : a weekend of dialogue with David Bohm
Physics : in two volumes
Knowing nature in early modern Europe
Hegel and the philosophy of nature
"A book that makes the case for evolution over design and skewers a widespread but dangerous myth: that we have ultimate control over our world"--
Nature's primal self : Peirce, Jaspers, and Corrington
Can there be special science natural laws?
The main business of natural philosophy : Isaac Newton's natural-philosophical methodology
Inhabiting the Earth : Heidegger, environmental ethics, and the metaphysics of nature
Philosophies of nature : the human dimension : in celebration of Erazim Kohák
Descartes' natural philosophy
The species problem : a philosophical analysis
Pilgrim at Tinker Creek
Convergence with nature : a Daoist perspective
The works of Aristotle. Vol. 6, Opuscula
A new essay concerning the origin of ideas. Volume 3
Democritus : science, the arts, and the care of the soul : proceedings of the International Colloquium on Democritus (Paris, 18-20 September 2003)
The scientific revolution : aspirations and achievements, 1500-1700
On Thoreau
K. V. Laurikainen : The Finnish Society for Natural Philosophy 25 Years
A semiotic theory of theology and philosophy
Nothing natural is shameful : sodomy and science in late medieval Europe
The reenchantment of the world
Final causality in nature and human affairs
Aristotle's virtues : nature, knowledge & human good
An entire body of philosophy, according to the principles of the famous Renate des Cartes
The evolved apprentice : how evolution made humans unique
"This is a sequel to Plato and the Socratic Dialogue (CUP 1998), in which I discussed Plato's earlier work, from the Apology to the Phaedrus. However, the current study represents an entirely new project. Although the author of these later dialogues is the same, the material is very different in both form and subject matter. Whereas Plato's earlier writing represents the finest literary achievement of ancient prose, with dramas such as the Symposium and the Phaedo designed to compete with the tragedies of Sophocles and Euripides, these later dialogues were scarcely designed for such artistic success"--
Hegel's Philosophy of nature. 1, Introduction, foreword and mechanics
Tradition and innovation : Newton's Metaphysics of nature
Normativity of scientific laws
De natura rerum : scripta in honorem professoris Olli Koistinen sexagesimum annum complentis
The natural philosophy of Galileo : essay on the origins and formation of classical mechanics
Reality revisited : from clockwork to an evolving quantum world
Nature and logos : a Whiteheadian key to Merleau-Ponty's fundamental thought
Cultures of natural history
Plutarch's science of natural problems : a study with commentary 'Quaestiones naturales'
The dream of enlightenment : the rise of modern philosophy
The Vegetative Soul demonstrates that one significant resource for the postmodern critique of subjectivity can be found in German Idealism and Romanticism, specifically in the philosophy of nature. Miller demonstrates that the perception of German Idealism and Romanticism as the culmination of the philosophy of the subject overlooks the nineteenth-century critique of subjectivity with reference to the natural world. This book's contribution is its articulation of a plant-like subjectivity. The vision of the human being as plant combats the now familiar conception of the modern subject as atomistic, autonomous, and characterized primarily by its separability and freedom from nature. Reading Kant, Goethe, Hölderlin, Hegel, and Nietzsche, Miller juxtaposes two strands of nineteenth-century German thought, comparing the more familiar animal understanding of individuation and subjectivity to an alternative plantlike one that emphasizes interdependence, vulnerability, and metamorphosis. While providing the necessary historical context, the book also addresses a question that has been very important for recent feminist theory, especially French feminism, namely, the question of the possible configuration of a feminine subject. The idea of the vegetative subject takes the traditional alignment of the feminine with nature and the earth and subverts and transforms it into a positive possibility. Although the roots of this alternative conception of subjectivity can be found in Kant's third Critique and its legacy in nineteenth-century Naturphilosophie, the work of Luce Irigaray brings it to fruition.
Downward causation : minds, bodies and matter
Today we are used to clear divisions between science and the arts. But early modern thinkers had no such distinctions, with 'knowledge' being a truly interdisciplinary pursuit. Each chapter of this collection presents a case study from a different area of knowledge.
Embryology, epigenesis, and evolution : taking development seriously
Theoretical physics and philosophical problems : selected writings
Individuum, society, humankind : the triadic logic of species according to Hajime Tanabe
Occult powers and hypotheses : Cartesian natural philosophy under Louis XIV
Inhabiting the earth : Heidegger, environmental ethics, and the metaphysics of nature
The concept of nature
Diderot and the metamorphosis of species
Time for Aristotle : Physics IV.10-14
Hermann von Helmholtz's mechanism : the loss of certainty : a study on the transition from classical to modern philosophy of nature
Faith, medical alchemy and natural philosophy : Johann Moriaen, reformed intelligencer and the Hartlib circle
Absolute or relative motion? : a study from a Machian point of view of the discovery and the structure of dynamical theories. Vol. 1, The discovery of dynamics
Frail happiness : an essay on Rousseau
The coral thief
Nature's religion
The metaphysics of Ceteris Paribus laws
Architecture : the natural and the manmade
Physical reality
The wholeness of nature : Goethe's way of science
Voice of the Earth : exploration of ecopsychology
Theory and practice in Aristotle's natural science
Matter, imagination and geometry : ontology, natural philosophy and mathematics in Plotinus, Proclus and Descartes
The philosophy of Robert Boyle
Panpsychism in the West
A preliminary discourse on the study of natural philosophy
In the first full-length study in any modern language dedicated to the Meteorologica, Malcolm Wilson presents a groundbreaking interpretation of Aristotle's natural philosophy. Divided into two parts, the book first addresses general philosophical and scientific issues by placing the treatise in a diachronic frame comprising Aristotle's predecessors and in a synchronic frame comprising his other physical works. It argues that Aristotle thought of meteorological phenomena as intermediary or "dualizing" between the cosmos as a whole and the manifold world of terrestrial animals. Engaging with the best current literature on Aristotle's theories of science and metaphysics, Wilson focuses on issues of aetiology, teleology and the structure and unity of science. The second half of the book illustrates Aristotle's principal concerns in a section-by-section treatment of the meteorological phenomena and provides solutions to many of the problems that have been raised since the time of the ancient commentators.
Leibniz & Clarke : a study of their correspondence
Quantum paradoxes and physical reality
Ibn Rushd (1126-1198), or Averroes, is widely known as the unrivalled commentator on virtually all works by Aristotle. His commentaries and treatises were used as manuals for understanding Aristotelian philosophy until the Age of the Enlightenment. Both Averroes and the movement commonly known as "Latin Averroism"; have attracted considerable attention from historians of philosophy and science. Whereas most studies focus on Averroes' psychology, particularly on his doctrine of the "unity of the intellect", Averroes' natural philosophy as a whole and its influence still remain largely unexplored. This volume aims to fill the gap by studying various aspects of Averroes' natural philosophical thought, in order to evaluate its impact on the history of philosophy and science between the late Middle Ages and the Early Modern Period.
The nature of natural philosophy in the late Middle Ages
Concluding remarks
"Bringing together the latest scientific advances and some of the most enduring subtle philosophical puzzles and problems, this book collects original historical and contemporary sources to explore the wide range of issues surrounding the nature of life. Selections ranging from Aristotle and Descartes to Sagan and Dawkins are organised around four broad themes covering classical discussions of life, the origins and extent of natural life, contemporary artificial life creations and the definition and meaning of 'life' in its most general form. Each section is preceded by an extensive introduction connecting the various ideas discussed in individual chapters and providing helpful background material for understanding them. With its interdisciplinary perspective, this fascinating collection is essential reading for scientists and philosophers interested in astrobiology, synthetic biology and the philosophy of life"--
The nature of physical existence
The concept of nature : the Tarner lectures delivered in Trinity College November 1919
The first writings of Karl Marx
A new essay concerning the origin of ideas. Volume 2
A new essay concerning the origin of ideas
Nature and habituation in Aristotle's theory of human development
Averroes' natural philosophy and its reception in the Latin West
The natural philosophy of Emanuel Swedenborg : a study in the conceptual metaphors of the mechanistic worldview
No man's garden : Thoreau and a new vision for civilization and nature
Science and the Eastern Orthodox Church
Kant's organicism : epigenesis and the development of critical philosophy
Anglicanus ortus : a verse herbal of the twelfth century
Native Americans and the environment : perspectives on the ecological Indian
The systems view of the world : the natural philosophy of the new developments in the sciences
Self-generation : biology, philosophy, and literature around 1800
Simple mindedness : in defense of naive naturalism in the philosophy of mind
This book analyzes Swedenborg's early mechanistic worldview from a cognitive perspective, using a study of metaphors in his texts. The author argues that metaphors are vital to the creative mind and scientific thinking, to visual analogies and abstract ideas.
Neoplatonism and the philosophy of nature
The constitution of man : considered in relation to external objects
Heidegger and the metaphysical problems of environmental thinking : a critical perspective on the being of nature
Power, knowledge, and expertise in Elizabethan England
Science and faith within reason : reality, creation, life, and design
"Plato's late dialogues have often been neglected because they lack the literary charm of his earlier masterpieces. Charles Kahn proposes a unified view of these diverse and difficult works, from the Parmenides and Theaetetus to the Sophist and Timaeus, showing how they gradually develop the framework for Plato's late metaphysics and cosmology. The Parmenides, with its attack on the theory of Forms and its baffling series of antinomies, has generally been treated apart from the rest of Plato's late work. Kahn shows that this perplexing dialogue is the curtain-raiser on Plato's last metaphysical enterprise: the step-by-step construction of a wider theory of Being that provides the background for the creation story of the Timaeus. This rich study, the natural successor to Kahn's earlier Plato and the Socratic Dialogue, will interest a wide range of readers in ancient philosophy and science"--
The poet as botanist
The concept of nature : Tarner lectures delivered in Trinity College November 1919
Roger Bacon's Communia naturalium : a 13th century philosopher's workshop
Hegel's philosophy of right
The nature of life : classical and contemporary perspectives from philosophy and science
In his Problemata, Aristotle provided medieval thinkers with the occasion to inquire into the natural causes of the sexual desires of men to act upon or be acted upon by other men, thus bringing human sexuality into the purview of natural philosophers, whose aim it was to explain the causes of objects and events in nature. With this philosophical justification, some late medieval intellectuals asked whether such dispositions might arise from anatomy or from the psychological processes of habit formation. As the fourteenth-century philosopher Walter Burley observed, "Nothing natural is shameful." The authors, scribes, and readers willing to "contemplate base things" never argued that they were not vile, but most did share the conviction that they could be explained. From the evidence that has survived in manuscripts of and related to the Problemata, two narratives emerge: a chronicle of the earnest attempts of medieval medical theorists and natural philosophers to understand the cause of homosexual desires and pleasures in terms of natural processes, and an ongoing debate as to whether the sciences were equipped or permitted to deal with such subjects at all. Mining hundreds of texts and deciphering commentaries, indices, abbreviations, and marginalia, Joan Cadden shows how European scholars deployed a standard set of philosophical tools and a variety of rhetorical strategies to produce scientific approaches to sodomy.
The phenomenon of man
John Buridan's Tractatus de infinito : Quaestiones super libros physicorum secundum ultimam lecturam, liber III, Quaestiones 14-19
Studies in medieval natural Philosophy
Earth muse : feminism, nature, and art
Francis Bacon on motion and power
A dialogue on natural philosophy = Dragmaticon philosophiae
The faces of nature in Enlightenment Europe
Aristotle's theory of actuality
Philosophy of material nature
Schelling's practice of the wild : time, art, imagination
The evolution of everything : how new ideas emerge
The foundation of an autonomous natural philosophy : Zabarella on the classification of arts and sciences
Treatise on basic philosophy. Vol. 7, Epistemology & methodology, 3 : Philosophy of science and technology
New visions of nature : complexity and authenticity
Envisioning nature, science, and religion
The concept of a person, and other essays
Abstract: J.V. Snellman as an interpreter of Hegelś Philosophy of right.
Niels Bohr: his heritage and legacy : an anti-realist view of quantum mechanics
Paracelsus : the man and his reputation, his ideas and their transformation
The lives of things
Proclus : an introduction
Leonardo da Vinci on nature : knowledge and representation
Robert Boyle on natural philosophy : an essay with selections from his writings
A history of natural philosophy : from the ancient world to the nineteenth century
