http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14159 Japonism
Japonism Japonisme
Beardsley, japonisme and the perversion of the Victorian ideal / Linda Gertner Zatlin
Christopher Dresser : a pioneer of modern design
Japanese prints : catalogue of the Van Gogh Museum's collection / Charlotte van Rappard-Boon, Willem van Gulik, Keiko van Bremen-Ito ; with an introduction Vam Gogh's Utopian Japonisme by Tsukasa Kodera
Claude Monet and the Japanese woodcuts
Textile art and Nordic japonisme at the Friends of Finnish Handicraft / Leena Svinhufvud
Japan mania and the popular reception of japonisme / Widar Halén
The Japan idea : [at Wadsworth Atheneum, Hartford, Caonnecticut, October 21 to December30, 1990] / by William Hosley
The 'invisible masterpiece' is an unattainable ideal, a work into which a dream of absolute art is incorporated but can never be realized. By means of this metaphor borrowed from Balzac, Hans Belting shows the variety of ways in which the status and meaning of the masterpiece have been elevated and denigrated since the early nineteenth century. The history of the masterpiece coincided with the history of the public museum. Leonardo's "Mona Lisa" and other celebrated paintings preoccupied later artists, who felt burdened by the one-time cult of the masterpiece as it had been transformed into the cult of visible works of art. Following Duchamp, artists became increasingly resistant to the notion of the masterpiece. Beginning in the 1960s, Conceptual and Minimal artists concentrated on ephemeral forms and manufactured multiple copies in order to reject the outmoded status of the one-off masterpiece and the art market that fed off it. "The Invisible Masterpiece" reveals works, events and individuals in the history of Western art in a wholly novel way.
A hint of Japan : Japonisme in Edvard Munch's and Nikolai Astrup's prints / Trine Nordkvelle
Japonisme in Western painting from Whistler to Matisse / Klaus Berger ; transl. by David Britt
The Anglo-Japanese style and 'the great wave of Japanese influence' / Widar Halén
Vincent van Gogh and Japan : The National Museum of Modern Art, Kyoto, 18 February - 29 March 1992 : Setagaya Art Museum, Tokyo, 4 April - 24 May 1992
At the time of Renoir
Pekka Halonen, the Japanizing landscape lyricist / Anna Tuovinen
Japonisme in the fine arts of the Czech lands / Markéta Hánová
The patriotic themes : Finnish art at the turn of the century / Masayuki Okabe
Japan : reflections on the eastern mind
Norwegian nature in a Japanese costume : japonisme in Thorolf Holmboe's and Theodor Kittelsen's art / Vibeke Waallann Hansen
Monet, Gauguin, van Gogh... : Japanese inspirations : [Museum Folkwang, Essen, 27 September 2014 to 18 January 2015 : Kunsthaus Zürich, 20 February to 10 May 2015] / [editor: Museum Folkwang, Essen, and Zürcher Kunstgesellschaft / Kunsthaus Zürich ; concept: Sandra Gianfreda ; in cooperation with Claire Guitton and Ulrike Hofer]
Japonisme, national identity and new aesthetic idiom / Widar Halén
Connecting with Japan : the transmission / Gabriel P. Weisberg
Van Gogh in Budapest : [exhibition at the Museum of Fine Arts, Budapest, December 1, 2006 - March 20, 2007] / edited byl Judit Geskó
Japonisme : cultural crossings between Japan and the West
Japonisme : Japanese influence on French art, 1854-1910 : [exhibition catalog]
From blade of grass to sacred wilderness : changing the concept of nature / Anna-Maria von Bonsdorf
The hare with amber eyes : a hidden inheritance
Influences from Japan in Danish art and design 1870-2010 / Mirjam Gelfer-Jørgensen
Japanese influences in American art 1853-1900 : [Williams College, Williamstown, 2.5. - 14.6.1981] / exhibition and catalogue by Sally Mills
Japanismi Suomen vuosisadan vaihteen taiteessa = Japanism i finländsk konst vid sekelskiftet = Japonisme in Finnish art at the turn of the century : Turun taidemuseo = Åbo konstmuseum = Turku Art Museum, 20.5. - 4.9.1994 / toimikunta = kommission = commité : Erja Pusa... [et al.] ; käännökset = översättningar = translations : Brita Löflund (svenska), Jüri Kokkonen (English) ;
Traces the parallel stories of nineteenth century art patron Charles Ephrussi and his unique collection of 360 miniature netsuke Japanese ivory carvings, documenting Ephrussi's relationship with Marcel Proust and the impact of the Holocaust on his cosmopolitan family.
Japanismi Suomen vuosisadan vaihteen taiteessa = Japanism i finlän[d]sk konst vid sekelskiftet = Japonisme in Finnish art at the turn of the century
Imitation and inspiration : Japanese influence on Dutch art from 1650 to the present : [Suntory Museum of Art, Tokyo, 3  October to 8 November 1991 : Rijksmuseum, Amsterdam, 25 April to 26 July 1992]
The Orient expressed : Japan's influence on Western art 1854-1918 : [Mississippi Museum of Art, Jackson, Mississippi, February 19 through July 17, 2011 : McNay Art Museum, San Antonio, Texas, October 5, 2011 through January 15, 2012] / [curated by] Gabriel P. Weisberg ; essays by Petra ten-Doesschate Chu ... [et al.]
The second wave in Finland : exhibitions of Japanese aesthetics and japonisme organized by Gustaf Strengell / Hanne Selkokari
Japonisme : the Japanese influence on Western art since 1858 / Siegfried Wichmann
Japonisme and the rise of the modern art movement : the arts of the Meiji period
Japanesque : the japanese print in the era of impressionism
The world of Pekka Halonen's art : harmony between man and nature / Anna-Maria von Bonsdorff
Japanismi Suomen vuosisadan vaihteen taiteessa = Japanism i finländsk konst vid sekelskiftet = Japonisme in Finnish art at the turn of the century
High Victorian Japonisme
Japonisme in Western painting from Whistler to Matisse
The ideal of simplification : japonisme's most persistent manifestation in Nordic art? / Anna-Maria von Bonsdorf
This extensive publication, complete with hundreds of illustrations by such renowned artists as Carl Larsson, Edvard Munch, Vilhelm Hammershoi, Pekka Halonen, Akseli Gallen-Kallela, Christopher Dresser, Pietro Krohn, Alf Wallander, and Frida Hansen, among others, offers an unprecedented study of Japanese influence on the visual arts in the Nordic countries. This unlikely diffusion of Japanese culture, known collectively as Japonisme, became increasingly apparent in England, France, and elsewhere in Europe during the 19th century, although nowhere was the influence seemingly as pervasive as it was throughout the Nordic countries. The book reveals how the widespread interest in Japanese aesthetics helped to establish notions of a fundamental unity between the arts and transformed the region's visual vocabulary. The adoption of Japanese motifs and styles in Finland, Norway, Sweden, and Denmark provided a necessary cohesion to their existing artistic language, forming a vital balance within and among all of the applied arts. 0Exhibition: Ateneum Art Museum, Helsinki, Finland (17.02-15.05.2016) / National Gallery of Norway, Oslo, Norway (16.06-16.10.2016) / National Gallery of Denmark, Copenhagen, Denmark (19.01-21.04.2017).
Japonisme in Britain : Whistler, Menpes, Henry, Hornel, and 19th century Japan / Ayako Ono
Japonisme comes to America : the Japanese impact on the graphic arts, 1876-1925 : [Setagaya Art Museum, Tokyo, 20.12.1990 - 20.1.1991]
Tasteless "Japoniaiseries"? : the concept of kitsch in two collections of Japonaiseries
Winds from the East : a study in the art of Manet, Degas, Monet and Whistler 1856-86 / Jacques Dufwa
Kimonoon kietoutunut Suomi-neito : teosluettelo = Suomi jungfrun iklädd kimono : verkförteckning = The maiden of Finland dressed in kimono : catalogue
Japan-ness in architecture
From Impressionism to anime : Japan as fantasy and fan cult in the mind of the West
Japan's influence on Nordic photography, 1900-1914 / Nils Ohlsen
The japonisme phenomenon / Gabriel P. Weisberg
'Copies without an original' : japonisme in popular postcard imagery / Harri Kalha
Japan and Russia : three centuries of mutual images
From the 1860s through to the early 20th century the rise of Japonisme and the Art Nouveau movement meant that few could ignore or resist the obsession with all things Japanese. Superbly crafted and often highly decorated Japanese objects lacquer, metalwork, ceramics, enamels and other decorative items excited, stimulated and inspired Western artists and craftsmen to produce their own works. 'Arts of the Meiji' period were displayed at international exhibitions, galleries of influential dealers and at fashionable stores in London, Paris and Vienna. This book includes many examples of the superlatively designed and executed decorative arts of the Meiji periods from the Khalili Collection, the greatest collection of Meiji period art in the world. Artists such as Van Gogh, Klimt and Schiele were all, to varying degrees, influenced by the arts of Japan. Van Gogh said that he owed his inspiration to Japanese art, but even he was probably not aware of just how much art in Europe had already been greatly influenced by that of Japan.
The Orient expressed : Japan's influence on Western art, 1854-1918
Japan and Britain : an aesthetic dialogue 1850-1930 : [at Barbican Art Gallery, 17 October 1991 - 12 January 1992] / edited and with texts by Tomoko Sato and Toshio Watanabe ; with essays by Sir Hugh Cortazzi ... [et al.]
Japanese woodcuts in Finnish exhibitions and collections / Leila Koivunen
The invisible masterpiece
Art collector Herman Frithiof Antell : at home in paris, abroad in Japan / Susanna Pettersson
From prop to total work of art : a Japanese perspective on Nordic interior painting / Nils Ohlsen
Studies in japonisme : 33 : 2013 / Society for the Study of Japonisme
Japonisme : the Japanese influence on Western art since 1858
Japonisme : an annotated bibliography
Influences from Japan in Danish art and design 1870-2010
Japanomania in the Nordic countries 1875 - 1918 : [Ateneum Art Museum, Helsinki, 18.2. - 15.5.2016 : National Museum of Art, Architecture and Design, Oslo, 16.6. - 16.10.2016 : SMK - Statens Museum for Kunst, Copenhagen, 19.1. - 23.4.2017] / edited by Gabriel P. Weisberg [chief editor], Anna-Maria von Bonsdorff & Hanne Selkokari
The origins of art nouveau : the Bing Empire / ed. by Gabriel P. Weisberg, Edwin Becker and Evelyne Possémé
Following the Japanese trail : Karl Madsen and Arnold Krog : Danish aspects of nature in Pen and Porcelain, 1885-1900 / Malene Wagner
Japanomania in the Nordic countries 1875-1918
Japonism comes to America : Japanese impact on the graphic arts 1876-1925 : [Nelson-Atkins Museum of Art, Kansas City, July 22- September 2, 1990 : the Jane Voorhees Zimmerli Art Museum, Rutgers, the State University of New Jersey, NewBrunswick, September / Julia Meech and Gabriel P. Weisberg
The first collections of Japanese art in Nordic countries / Widar Halén
Jens Thiis and the interest in Japan / Ellen J. Lerberg
