http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14115 catacombs
catacombs
The magician
Heavenly bodies : cult treasures &​ spectacular saints from the catacombs
Illusion town
The phantom of the Opera
The Christian catacombs of Rome : history, decoration, inscriptions
Dead space
The paintings of the "new" catacomb of the Via Latina and the struggle of Christianity against paganism
The churches and catacombs of early Christian Rome : a comprehensive guide
The catacombs : rediscovered monuments of early Christianity
Christianity in ancient Rome : the first three centuries
Subterranean Rome
The Alexander cipher
The empire of death : a cultural history of ossuaries and charnel houses
The magician : the secrets of the immortal Nicholas Flamel
Ashes to ashes ... California: The book of Abraham The Mage holds the secret of eternal life - a secret more dangerous than any one man should possess. Dr. John Dee is two pages away from the knowledge that would bring the Dark Elders into ultimate power - and could mean the destruction of the world as we know it. Two people stand in his way: Josh and Sophie Newman. Paris: Time is running out for Nicholas Flamel and his wife Perenelle. Every day they spend without the book, they age one year: their magic becomes weaker and their bodies more frail. Niccolo Machiavelli, immortal author and celebrated art collector, works for Dee and is in hot pursuit of them - Flamel knows there's no time to lose and Sophie must learn about Fire Magic ... Josh and Sophie are the world's only hope. If they don't turn on each other first. – WorldCat.
Takes the reader on an international tour of macabre and devotional architectural masterpieces in nearly 20 countries. This book brings together some of the world's most important charnel sites, ranging from the crypts of the Capuchin monasteries in Italy, to the strange tomb of a 1960s wealthy Peruvian nobleman.
As above, so below
The Christian catacombs in Rome
Phantom of the opera
Heavenly Bodies : cult treasures & spectacular saints from the catacombs
Subterranean Rome : in search of the roots of Christianity in the catacombs of the Eternal city
Stalin's hammer : Rome
Takes the reader from the very first generation of Christians in Rome, a tiny group of Jews who acknowledged Jesus as the Messiah, down to the point when Christianity had triumphed over savage persecution and was on the verge of becoming the religion of the Roman Empire.
The Roman catacombs and their martyrs
The Hal Saflieni Hypogeum : Paola
The mime order
