http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14179 convergence
convergence
Sustainability and long-term dynamics of forests : methods and metrics for detection of convergence and stationarity
Abstract.
Understanding change processes in business networks : a study of convergence in Finnish telecommunications 1985-2005
An empirical note on growth and convergence across Russian regions
Growth prospects of emerging market economies in Europe : how fast will they catch up with the old west
Catching up and unemployment in the EU
Convergence report 2007 on Cyprus = Convergence report 2007 on Malta
The yearbook of South Asian languages and linguistics 2001 : Tokyo Symposium on South Asian Languages Contact, Convergence and Typology
Cultural convergence in Europe : myth or reality?
Intermediality and media change
Binocular convergence as a determinant of reaching behavior in infancy
The politics of adaptation : media convergence and ideology
Converging NGN wireline and mobile 3G networks with IMS
Implementation of an implicit scheme into a free surface RANS solver in order to improve the convergence
APIs and protocols for convergent network services
Legitimating television : media convergence and cultural status
Cross-media service delivery
European integration and growth : Are the new EU member countries catching up the old?
Offshoring, relocation and the speed fo convergence in the enlarged European Union
Discretisation-invariant and computationally efficient correlation priors for Bayesian inversion
Abstract: EU single market : the evolution of the European single market. The purpose of this study paper was to define what is the EU Single Market in theory, how it began and to compare it with the current reality. Problems achieving political objectives in the 1990s. Also, what it has turned into today i.e. the EU's enlargements 2004 and 2007 to 27. Demographics and what kind of economic convergence takes place in new member states. The methodology used in this study was qualitative. They consisted of both source books and newspaper articles, and the internet news agencies e.g. Financial Times, Telegraph, and web sources of the European Commission. The results revealed that the Union has many issues and failures. It is also clear that stability is difficult to maintain as many factors influence the situation of the Union e.g. different economies of the member states in the South and North, convergence issues. GDP is not a perfect measurement to see what is going on because even if the GDP is high it may not mean that a state is wealthy. The conclusion of the study was that the EU is a political union. Its enlargement is hard to understand as the criteria used to assess eligibility of a state are very subjective. The contemporary issues with such member states as Latvia, Greece, Ireland, Spain and Estonia joining Euro currency as an example of success while other states struggle make the EU look very political union rather than economic one.
Linguistic areas : convergence in historical and typological perspective
Network design for IP convergence
Detecting asset price bubbles with time-series methods
Integration of the Baltic States into the EU and institutions of fiscal convergence
Fixed-mobile wireless networks convergence : technologies, solutions, services
Catching-up in Europe : Finland's convergence to Sweden and EU15
Divergence and convergence in education and work
A new partnership for cohesion : convergence, competitiveness, cooperation : third report on economic and social cohesion
Nonlinear programming : theory and algorithms
Abstract (1 s.).
Essays on the structure of social protection financing
Convergence report 2008
European futures : the past, current and future economic performance of Europe's regions and nations
EMU convergence and the structure of social protection financing
The convergence of scientific knowledge : a view from the limit
Convergenge and integration in a world with creative destruction
The deep structure of biology : is convergence sufficiently ubiquitous to give a directional signal?
Convergence marketing : combining brand and direct marketing for unprecedented profits
2006 convergence report on Lithuania ; 2006 convergence report on Slovenia
Offshoring, relocation and the speed of convergence in the enlarged european union
Morphosyntactic convergence and integration in Finland Russian
Critical success factors of collaboration for different types of industry convergence
EU single market : the evolution of the European single market
Digital storytelling : a creator's guide to interactive entertainment
Speed of convergence and relocation : new EU member countries catching up with the old
Understanding media convergence : the state of the field
Convergence and persistence in corporate governance
An analysis of the economic convergence process in the transition countries
Media convergence : the three degrees of network, mass, and interpersonal communication
Essays on interorganisational convergence and divergence : case of logistics nets and networks
Next generation networks, mobility management and appliances in intelligent transport systems
Integration and conditional convergence in the enlarged EU area
Regional convergence and migration in Finland 1960-95
Joint multiuser power allocation and iterative multi-antenna receiver design
Pointwise convergence of Fourier series
EU Single Market  : The evolution of the European Single Market
Media convergence and business models : responses of Finnish daily newspapers
Convergent journalism : an introduction
Development of service pricing in relation to IT and business convergence : case Finnish IT service provider
Convergence report 2012
Changing media as a prime interpreter of changing Europe
Probability : a graduate course
Quality convergence study : a contribution to the debates on quality and convergence in the European higher education area
Radio content in the digital age : the evolution of a sound medium
Roundwood price development and market linkages in Central and Northern Europe
European states and the Euro : Europeanization, variation, and convergence
Legitimating Television: Media Convergence and Cultural Status explores how and why television is gaining a new level of cultural respectability in the 21st century. Once looked down upon as a plug-in drug offering little redeeming social or artistic value, television is now said to be in a creative renaissance, with critics hailing the rise of Quality series such as Mad Men and 30 Rock. Likewise, DVDs and DVRs, web video, HDTV, and mobile devices have shifted the longstanding conception of television as a household appliance toward a new understanding of TV as a sophisticated, high-tech gadget. Newman and Levine argue that television's growing prestige emerges alongside the convergence of media at technological, industrial, and experiential levels. Television is permitted to rise in respectability once it is connected to more highly valued media and audiences. Legitimation works by denigrating ordinary television associated with the past, distancing the television of the present from the feminized and mass audiences assumed to be inherent to the old TV. It is no coincidence that the most validated programming and technologies of the convergence era are associated with a more privileged viewership. The legitimation of television articulates the medium with the masculine over the feminine, the elite over the mass, reinforcing cultural hierarchies that have long perpetuated inequalities of gender and class. Legitimating Television urges readers to move beyond the question of taste-whether TV is good or bad -and to focus instead on the cultural, political, and economic issues at stake in television's transformation in the digital age.
Flow TV : television in the age of media convergence
On Finland's economic growth and convergence with Sweden and the EU15 in the 20th century
The mobile phone: a medium in itself
Stock market integration : evidence on price integration and return convergence
Convergence of European transition economies and EU : what do the data show
Convergence media history
"Convergence has become a buzzword, referring on the one hand to the integration between computers, television, and mobile devices or between print, broadcast, and online media and on the other hand, the ownership of multiple content or distribution channels in media and communications. Yet while convergence among communications companies has been the major trend in the neoliberal era, the splintering of companies, de-convergence, is now gaining momentum in the communications market. As the first comprehensive attempt to analyze the wave of de-convergence of the global media system in the context of globalization, this book makes sense of those transitions by looking at global trends and how global media firms have changed and developed their business paradigm from convergence to de-convergence. Jin traces the complex relationship between media industries, culture, and globalization by exploring it in a transitional yet contextually grounded framework, employing a political economic analysis integrating empirical data analysis"--
Evolving ICT market and technologies in globalizing ubiquitous society
Demographic transition and economic growth
Convergence and clustering in the formation of social protection financing models
Architecture solutions for telecommunication network convergence
Journalism and citizenship : new agendas in communication
Convergence of competition laws and policies in the European Community : Germany, Austria, and the Netherlands
The Euro and the monetary integration of the EU, its effect on a price convergence across its members
Continuity and change in contemporary capitalism
In the 21st century, the parallel movements of media convergence and globalization have reshaped our understanding of media boundaries. The rise of digital culture has increased our access to narrative media, while also providing new ways of engaging with them. But, at the same time, global media corporations have intensified their power over these media and the channels through which they reach us. This book brings together a broad range of scholarly approaches to the challenges and opportunities of adaptation studies in this new era. Together, they focus on the political and ideological tensions that underlie and shape processes of adaptation and cultural transformation in the age of media convergence.
The EU, the WTO, and the NAFTA : towards a common law of international trade?
Convergence report : December 2006
The Europeanisation of Europe
Tests for cointegration rank and the initial condition
Regulating convergence
Diversity among welfare states : comparative studies on welfare state adjustment in Nordic countries
Mass communications and media studies  : an introduction
Transmedia archaeology : storytelling in the borderlines of science fiction, comics and pulp magazines
Convergence : The Concept and its Empirical Evidence among the Member States of the European Union : The Evaluation of the Impact of the Newest Enlargement and the Extent of Trade on Convergence Process
De-convergence of global media industries
Convergent journalism : an introduction : writing and producing across media
Environmental policy in Europe : the Europeanization of national environmental policy
Convergence of real GDP per capita in the EU15 area : how do the accession countries fit in?
Fixed mobile convergence handbook
Offshoring, relocation and the speed of convergence : convergence in the enlarged European Union
Producing interactivity : Does media convergence promote interactivity and audience participation?
Convergence in industry evolution
Broadcasting in the 21st century
Living standards and the wealth of nations : successes and failures in real convergence
Digital community design : exploring the role of mobile social software in the process of digital convergence
The role of convergence in visual space perception
Convergence and fragmentation : media technology and the information society
Convergence report 2004
The use of communication accommodation strategies in a work group : a case study of four meetings
