http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14110 veterinarians
veterinarians
Journal of veterinary medical education
'We'll be there in a whisker!' The series follows the first-aid adventures of Dr KittyCat and Peanut the mouse who's always at her side. Each book will focus on a small furry patient who badly needs Dr KittyCat's help. With fun and familiar contexts that children can relate to, lovable characters, and strong storylines around each medical emergency, the Dr KittyCat series has real appeal for the target audience. There is just the right mix of compelling first-aid detail combined with a delightfully surreal furry world. The books share a unique visual identity - they are highly-illustrated in two colour, combining photography and hand-drawn elements. In Clover the Bunny pawpox is doing the rounds just as the animals are meant to be heading off on a camping trip. Will at least some of them be healthy enough to go? Once they arrive at the campsite, Clover's paws are covered in itchy little spots. Is it the outbreak of pawpox that Dr KittyCat has feared or could there be another explanation? / WorldCat.
Dr KittyCat is always ready with her furry first aid! In Daisy the Kitten the little animals are taking part in a bake-off when Daisy suddenly complains of a sore mouth and paws. Dr KittyCat and Peanut have to keep their cool to solve the problem of Daisy's painful mouth and make her better so that she can put the finishing touches to her cupcakes and be in with a chance of winning the competition. 'We'll be there in a whisker!' This series follows the first-aid adventures of Dr KittyCat and Peanut the mouse, who's always at her side. Each book is about a small furry patient who badly needs Dr KittyCat's help. With fun and familiar contexts that children can relate to, lovable characters, and strong storylines around each medical emergency, the Dr KittyCat series has real appeal for children. There is just the right mix of compelling first-aid detail combined with a delightfully surreal furry world / Library of Congress.
Ritverk : 1936-1962 = Collected scientific papers : 1936-1962
Clover the bunny
Veterinary work management application - MatVet
Motivation and characterization of Finnish meat inspection veterinarians
The Lord God Made Them All
Mr Betts and Mr Potts
Approaches to teaching animal welfare at 13 veterinary schools worldwide
Veterinary practice management secrets
Tales from a young vet : mad cows, crazy kittens and all creatures big and small
Monsieur le Vet : my life with animals in rural France
Posy the puppy
Snowflake in my hand
Bleeding through
Notso Hotso
Veterinary aspects of meat production, processing and inspection : an update of recent developments in Europe
Veterinary medicine : a guide to historical sources
Loving and losing a pet : a psychologist and a veterinarian share their wisdom
Veterinary ethics in the Netherlands
Veterinary business and enterprise : theoretical foundations and practical cases
The rain dragon rescue
Veterinary practice management : a practical guide
Promoting the human-animal bond in veterinary practice
The complete textbook of animal health and welfare
After a busy clinic sorting out the bumps and bruises of the hopeful contestants practising for the Paws and Prizes sports day, Dr KittyCat and Peanut get an emergency call. Posy is stuck in the agility tunnel and she won't come out. Has she injured her leg? Or could there be another reason why Posy was so worried about being fit for the sports day? / Library of Congress.
If only they could talk
Voorjaarsdagen, International Veterinary Congress : proceedings 1999, Amsterdam, RAI Congress Centre, The Netherlands, April 23, 24, and 25, 1999
Breathless : a novel
Veterinary medical specialization : bridging science and medicine
Rick, Andy, Louis and me : Microglossus
GIVM Göteborg International Veterinary Meeting, Svenska Mässan and Congress, Göteborg, Sweden, 19-21 August 1999 : final programme and proceedings
A day at the Yorktown Animal Hospital
Repertoire des etablissements 1994 = Register of establishments
WSAVA - FECAVA World Congress, 25-29 April 2000, Amsterdam : scientific proceedings
Hamsters need help : Hamster in a hamper ; Hamster in the holly
Daisy the kitten
Career choices for veterinarians : beyond private practice
Veterinarians, abattoirs and the urban meat supply in the Netherlands, 1860-1940
All Creatures Great and Small
Every living thing
Managing a veterinary practice
The phoenix's flame
Meat inspection and environmentala protection : the role of the veterinarian
IVth International Symposium of Veterinary Laboratory Diagnosticians, June 2-6, 1986, International Congrescentrum Rai, Amsterdam, The Netherlands : abstracts
The annual general meeting of the Federation of Veterinarians of Europe held in Lisbon on 28-29 May 1998.
Must be love
Veterinary conversations with mid-twentieth century leaders
A day with the animal doctors
Heat of the moment
Sokoine University of Agriculture, Facultry of Veterinary Medicine
Vets on call
The dragon's song
The village vet
An opportunity to Tanzanian veterinarians
The human-animal bond and grief
Who's kitten who?
The choice
Repertoire des etablissements 1988 = Register of Establishments 1988
NetVet : Mosby's veterinary guide to the Internet
The Lord God made them all
James Herriot : the life of a country vet
Must be love : Cathy Woodman
An introduction to veterinary medical ethics : theory and cases
Voorjaarsdagen 1985 : proceedings, April 26th - April 28th 1985, RAI-Gongresscentre, Amsterdam
All things bright and beautiful : This omnibus volume comprises the majority of chapters from The Sleeping Vets lie and Vet in Harness
Repertoire des Etablissements 1990 = Register of Establishments 1990
Heidi the vet fairy
Moorcroft, William (c. 1765-1825) : British veterinary surgeon and traveler in Northwest India
Udder health and communication : proceedings of the international conference 25-27 October 2011, Utrecht, the Netherlands
The pony's hoof
WSAVA - BSAVA Congress 1989 : paper synopses & free communications
Understanding dogs : living and working with canine companions
Proceedings of the 6th World Congress, World Small Animal Veterinary Association in conjuction with the Voorjaarsdagen 1977, The Netherlands Small Animal Veterinary Association, [21-24 April 1977, Amsterdam, Netherlands]
Cows in trees : a warm and witty memoir of a vet's life
Possibilities and duties of meat inspection veterinarians in improving food hygiene
Veterinarians thoughts concerning animal physiotherapy : a survey of veterinariansáwareness and opinions about animal physiotherapy and co-operation between veterinarian and animal physiotherapist in Pirkanmaa and Satakunta
Veterinary ethics : an introduction
Veterinary and animal ethics : proceedings of the fist international conference on veterinary animal ethics, September 2011
Global Conference on Animal Welfare : an OIE initiative : Paris, 23-25 February 2004 : proceedings
Highly qualified veterinary surgeon Julian Earl, entertains the reader with a few of his favourite tales and events from his long career not to mention the most bizarre of all - attending to a cow stuck in a tree! Chapters are littered with anecdotes, hilarious memories, and veterinary stories all told in a lighthearted style with plenty of examples and practical advice on what one should try and avoid when working as a veterinary surgeon. James Herriot for the 21st Century.
Meat inspection education in Finnish veterinary curriculum
If only they could talk ; It shouldn't happen to a vet ; Let sleeping vets lie ; Vet in a harness ; Vets might fly ; Vet in a spin
Veterinary ethics : animal welfare, client relations, competition and collegiality
