http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14150 pedagogy of higher education
pedagogy of higher education
Abstract.
Artistic literacy : theatre studies and a contemporary liberal education
Teaching in higher education : from content-focused to learning-focused approaches to teaching
Pedagogical views on innovation competences and entrepreneurship : innovation pedagogy and other approaches
Novel approach to organize higher education in regional units
In this new collection, contributors from a variety of disciplines provide a critical context for the relationship between feminist pedagogy and academic feminism by exploring the complex ways that critical perspectives can be brought into the classroom. Feminist Pedagogy in Higher Education discusses the processes employed to engage learners by challenging them to ask tough questions and craft complex answers, wrestle with timely problems and posit innovative solutions, and grapple with ethical dilemmas for which they seek just resolutions. Diverse experiences, interests, and perspectives—together with the various teaching and learning styles that participants bring to twenty-first-century universities—necessitate inventive and evolving pedagogical approaches, and these are explored from a critical perspective. The contributors collectively consider the implications of the theory/practice divide, which remains central within academic feminism's role as both a site of social and gender justice and as a part of the academy, and map out some of the ways in which academic feminism is located within the academy today.
Teaching, learning and study skills
Learning that lasts : integrating learning, development, and performance in college and beyond
"The way emotions are handled by the individual and by others is central to the success of learning. Now fully updated with the latest research, Teaching with Emotional Intelligence shows how to manage this influential yet neglected area of learning. This practical book looks at how teachers can develop and use their emotional intelligence to enhance their teaching and their students' learning effectively. Taking the reader step-by-step through the learning process and looking at the relationship from the perspective of both the teacher and the learner, this book will help the reader to: - plan the emotional environment; - learn how to relate and listen to learners effectively; - read and respond to the feelings of individuals and groups; - handle and reveal your feelings as a teacher, as appropriate; - recognise your prejudices and preferences; - improve non-verbal communication; - plan for the physical experience of learners; - deal with your learners' expectations, comments and questions. Containing a number of revised activities, checklists and points for deeper reflection, this book will help all teachers encourage their learners to become more engaged, creative, positive and motivated"-- Provided by publisher.
"If there is one sector of society that should be cultivating deep thought in itself and others, it is academia. Yet the corporatisation of the contemporary university has sped up the clock, demanding increased speed and efficiency from faculty regardless of the consequences for education and scholarship. In The Slow Professor, Maggie Berg and Barbara K. Seeber discuss how adopting the principles of the Slow movement in academic life can counter this erosion of humanistic education. Focusing on the individual faculty member and his or her own professional practice, Berg and Seeber present both an analysis of the culture of speed in the academy and ways of alleviating stress while improving teaching, research, and collegiality. The Slow Professor will be a must-read for anyone in academia concerned about the frantic pace of contemporary university life."--Provided by publisher.
Reflective faculty evaluation : enhancing teaching and determining faculty effectiveness
Studying the Aspects of Knowledge  Creation in the LAB Studio Model
Teaching well and liking it : motivating faculty to teach effectivily
"What does it mean to be authentic? Why should it matter whether or not we become more authentic? How might authenticity inform and enhance the social practice of the scholarship of university teaching and, by implication, the learning and development of students? Authenticity in and through Teaching introduces three distinct perspectives on authenticity, the existential, the critical and the communitarian, and shows what moving towards greater authenticity involves for teachers and students when viewed from each of these angles. In developing the notion of 'the scholarship of teaching as an authentic practice', this book draws on several complementary ideas from social philosophy to explore the nature of this practice and the conditions under which it might qualify as 'authentic'. Other concepts guiding the analysis include 'virtue', 'being', 'communicative action', 'power', 'critical reflection' and 'transformation'. Authenticity in and through Teaching also introduces a vision of the scholarship of teaching whose ultimate aim it is to serve the important interests of students. These important interests, it is argued, are the students' own striving and development towards greater authenticity. Both teachers and students are thus implicated in a process of transformative learning, including objective and subjective reframing, redefinition and reconstruction, through critical reflection and critical self-reflection on assumptions. It is argued that, in important ways, this transformative process is intimately bound up with becoming more authentic"--
Educational Studies Collaboratively via Distance and Contact learning
In Finland, the Pedagogical Studies for Vocational Teachers include 10 credits of studies in education. Half of our  students complete them in connection with the pedagogical studies for teachers. The training consisting of distance  education has been traditionally bought from the University. Some of the students have felt that studying education  according to the university requirements has been hard for them. They would like a more practical approach to  educational studies. Our students also come from a large area in northern Finland. Therefore, an opportunity for  distance education is important for them. Tutoring has an important role in this implementation. To respond to these  challenges, we have designed a more practical implementation of the educational studies, in which the students only  have two face-to-face days. The new implementation was piloted in the autumn term 2012. The pilot succeeded very  well. Students liked to study and learnt a lot about the different areas of education. The study was continued in the  Spring 2014. Students of Education (19 )made the same pre and post-surveys like in the Pilot. Research results were  quite similar than in Pilot study.
Making the connection : research and teaching in undergraduate mathematics education
Agile software development practices in the software project work education
Service design thinking in higher education : applying methods of service design and principles of non-formal education to raise the level of competitiveness of Russian university
Internationalization of higher education : an analysis through spatial, network, and mobilities theories
Evidence-based teaching for higher education
Rethinking university teaching : a conversational framework for the effective use of learning technologies
Learning through storytelling in higher education : using reflection and experience to improve learning
Quest for meaning : narratives of teaching, learning and the arts
Paths to the professoriate : strategies for enriching the preparation of future faculty
The feminist classroom
Good learning in accounting : phenomenographic study on experiencies of Finnish higher education students
Evolving pedagogy : greetings from Finland
Constructing an opportunity centred collaborative learning model through and for entrepreneurship
Online collaborative learning : theory and practice
Engaged learning in the academy : challenges and possibilities
Research-based teacher education in Finland : reflections by Finnish teacher educators
Service-learning in higher education : critical issues and directions
A Handbook for teachers in universities & colleges : a guide to improving teaching methods
Using technology to support learning and teaching
Teaching at Its Best is the bestselling, research–based toolbox for college instructors at any level, in any higher education setting. Packed with practical guidance, proven techniques, and expert perspectives, this book helps instructors improve student learning both face–to–face and online. This new fourth edition features five new chapters on building critical thinking into course design, creating a welcoming classroom environment, helping students learn how to learn, giving and receiving feedback, and teaching in multiple modes, along with the latest research and new questions to facilitate faculty discussion. Topics include new coverage of the flipped classroom, cutting–edge technologies, self–regulated learning, the mental processes involved in learning and memory, and more, in the accessible format and easy–to–understand style that has made this book a much–valued resource among college faculty. Good instructors are always looking for ways to improve student learning. With college classrooms becoming increasingly varied by age, ability, and experience, the need for fresh ideas and techniques has never been greater. This book provides a wealth of research–backed practices that apply across the board. Teach students practical, real–world problem solving Interpret student ratings accurately Boost motivation and help students understand how they learn Explore alternative techniques, formats, activities, and exercises Given the ever–growing body of research on student learning, faculty now have many more choices of effective teaching strategies than they used to have, along with many more ways to achieve excellence in the classroom.
Voices on learning and instruction in mathematics
Becoming a professional tutor in the lifelong learning sector
Teaching with emotional intelligence : a step-by-step guide for higher and further education professionals
Experiences of higher education development with CDIO initiative
National pathways and European dimensions of trainers' professional development
Self-determined learning : heutagogy in action
McKeachie's teaching tips : strategies, research, and theory for college and university teachers
Learning by Developing - New Ways to Learn : Proceedings of the 3rd Conference on Future Expertise in Higher Education
Student success in college : creating conditions that matter
The slow professor : challenging the culture of speed in the academy
Teaching without grades
Blooming young entrepreneurial and managerial talents in a cross-cultural educational context : TUAS - IB Degree Programme case study
Institutional transformation through best practices in virtual campus development : advancing e-learning policies
The ethics of cultural competence in higher education
Higher education in Turmoil : the changing world of internationalization
Opening doors : understanding college reading
Feminist pedagogy in higher education : critical theory and practice
First-year theology students' preferred teaching-learning environments, academic self-concepts and their interplay
Effects of authentic learning and e-learning in an introductory chemistry laboratory course
Practical skills, education and development : Vocational education and training in Finland
Symbolic control and power relay : learning in higher professional education
"This volume is grounded in the thesis that information technology may offer the only viable avenue to the implementation of constructivist and progressive educational principles in higher education, and that the numerous efforts now under way to realize these principles deserve examination and evaluation"--Provided by publisher.
"This book helps institutions and key stakeholders understand the diverse issues surrounding e-learning and virtual campus initiatives and the conditions necessary to achieve greater success and sustainability"--Provided by publisher.
Teachers as bridge builders between education and working life in master's degree education in future
A handbook for teaching and learning in higher education : enhancing academic practice
Learning, teaching and assessing in higher education : developing reflective practice
College teaching : developing perspective through dialogue
Experiencing studies at the University of Joensuu : modelling a student cohort's satisfaction, study achievements and dropping out
Enhancing learning through the scholarship of teaching and learning : the challenges and joys of juggling
Building teaching capacities in higher education : a comprehensive international model
The Routledge international handbook of higher education
Quantity and quality in higher education
The issues explored in The Feminist Classroom are as timely and controversial today as they were when the book first appeared six years ago. This expanded edition offers new material that rereads and updates previous chapters, including a major new chapter on the role of race. The authors offer specific new classroom examples of how assumptions of privilege, specifically the workings of unacknowledged whiteness, shape classroom discourses. This edition also goes beyond the classroom, to examine the present context of American higher education. Drawing on in-depth interviews and using the actual words of students and teachers, the authors take the reader into classrooms at six colleges and universities - Lewis and Clark College, Wheaton College, the University of Arizona, Towson State University, Spelman College, and San Francisco State University. The result is an intimate view of the pedagogical approaches of seventeen feminist college professors. Feminist scholars have demonstrated that American higher education has long represented a white, male, privileged minority. The professors here bring together the twin upheavals that have challenged this tradition: namely a rapidly changing student body and the more inclusive knowledge of feminist and multicultural scholarship. They uncover the voices, concerns and experiences of groups hitherto marginalized in higher education: women, people of color and working class students. Through concrete examples of classroom practice, the work of these professors challenge the traditional split between knowledge and pedagogy that has long characterized higher education.
Metaphors and modern technologies in research-based physics and chemistry teacher education
A changing experience : communication and meaning-making in web-based teacher training
Authenticity in and through teaching in higher education : the transformative potential of the scholarship of teaching
Searching for a bridge : a case study of the Bolivian indigenous university "La UNIBOL Guaraní y Pueblos de Tierras Bajas "Apiaguaiki Tüpa""
Reconstructing undergraduate education : using learning science to design effective courses
Learning by developing action model
The changing role of the teacher
Dialogic education : conversation about ideas and between persons
Academically adrift : limited learning on college campuses
Establishing E-learning : perspectives and estimations of meaningfulness, money and strategies
"Almost a quarter-century after the Carnegie report Scholarship Reconsidered, the scholarship of teaching remains a contested idea, celebrated by some and critiqued by others. This new book is particularly relevant now however as it explores the notion of the scholarship of teaching through the lens of authenticity, a complex, intriguing and particularly striking and distinctively helpful notion which has caught the attention of several authors in adult and higher education. However, those writing about authenticity do not always make explicit what it is that they mean by this notion, nor are they clear about the philosophical foundations underpinning it. In developing the notion of the scholarship of teaching as an 'authentic practice', the author draws on several complementary philosophical ideas to explore the nature of this practice, why it is imperative for universities to engage in it, what meaningful engagement wold look like and the conditions under which it might qualify as 'authentic'. Core constructs employed include practice virtue communicative action 'being', 'power', critical reflection and transformationThe scholarship of teaching is described as a practice sustained through critical reflection and critical self-reflection. Being a scholar of teaching is viewed as an ongoing transformative learning process, a process of becoming authentic, the latter ultimately aimed at both helping students to become authentic and creating a better world in which to teach, learn and live. Although explored as a practice in its own right, the scholarship of teaching is seen to be strengthened by being situated within a wider integrated notion of academic practice. The book combines the author's previous research on authenticity with earlier work on the meaning of the scholarship of teaching, offering a provocative, fresh and timely perspective on the scholarship of teaching and professional learning in our times but also providing guidance on how to create a better world in which to learn, teach and live"--
Research publication 2014
Using story : in higher education and professional development
E-learning 2.0 technologies and web applications in higher education
New directions in higher education
Yliopistopedagogiikka = Journal of university pedagogy
Research hatchery as a cradle for new innovators : handbook for implementation
The need for entrepreneurial mindset, skills and creativity in the future work-life will require the renewal of  pedagogical methods used. The studio based learning is one of the promising pedagogical methods enabling this change.  The LAB studio model, pre-incubator style studio education in Oulu University of Applied Sciences in Finland, develops  connections between work-life based problems and the recognition and development of the related business prototypes  and start-up companies. Projects, based on the given problems are medium for educating self-aware future professionals,  who will gain skills and attitude to work in interdisciplinary teams with entrepreneurial mindset. This article is a study by a  literature review of the recent higher education practices utilising studio model as pedagogical method in variety of  disciplines. The study will identify the common elements of entrepreneurship education and studio model practices  described in the literature. The findings of the study indicate that entrepreneurship as a concept is not sufficiently addressed  in the studio model literature; several similarities in the pedagogical principles between the LAB studio model and other  studio models; and that LAB studio model has several unique practices compared to other studio model educations.
Researchers hooked on teaching : noted scholars discuss the synergies of teaching and research
The organisations of higher education are constantly changing. Universities,  colleges, private schools and online universities refine their pedagogical  methods and learning models in a competitive market. This article is a study  on whether one such model helps students to gain new knowledge. A study  of the LAB studio model (LSM), which is a pedagogical model developing  connections between working-life based problems and the recognition and  development of business-related prototypes and start-up companies, is presented.  The LSM, theoretically grounded in a constructivist view of learning  with a project-based education at its core, has the key goal of educating  entrepreneurial competences in higher education. Based on the case study,  comprising a literature review of knowledge creation and a survey, the qualitative  results analysis suggests that LSM offers a promising support for knowledge  creation. The results lead to the conclusion that LSM provides support  especially for the various modes of the SECI model, such as socialisation  and internalisation, and seems to support organisational knowledge creation  aspects as well.
Constructively aligned military education and training in the times of the European Bologna Process
Learning by Developing action model book aims to describe the LbD model as a pedagogical development process at Laurea University of Applied Sciences. It is made up of different, independent peer reviewed articles, which look at LbD from different perspectives.
Gender and academe : feminist pedagogy and politics
Guidelines for quality of learning at Aalto University : a roadmap produced by the teaching quality working group 2008-2009
Researching international pedagogies : sustainable practice for teaching and learning in higher education
Guidelines on "how to approach teaching and learning?"
Studying the Aspects of Knowledge Creation in the LAB Studio Model
Learning transitions in higher education
Oamk LABs practices for bridging work life 21th century skills and higher education
Entrepreneurship Education in Studio Based Learning Practices
Integrating content and language : meeting the challenge of a multilingual higher education
Introduction:  A close connection with working life is one of the main emphases in universities of applied sciences in Finland. This goal can be achieved e.g. by developing the contacts between research, development work and innovation (RDI) and teaching.  Creating a strong RDI profile for Master's degree programmes Finnish Ministry of Education and Culture launched a nationwide project in 2013-2015. The aims of the project are, for example, to bring teaching and workplaces closer together, to support networking and to transfer knowledge and competence between higher education institutions and workplaces. The tripartite model, which means partnership of students, teachers and representatives of working life, is a framework for all research and development.    This paper presents the results of one study which was done in this project.     The main focus is:  1) to describe and forecast how the role of the teachers will be shared with students and workplace experts in the future, and   2) to clarify the new roles and characteristics of future teachers as an important part of intensifying many-sided cooperation.     The theoretical background and literature review of that study consist of partnership, cooperation and network.  Methodology and results    Four Finnish universities of applied sciences participated in the research project collecting data by using Mill Model, innovation and co-creation method working in five workshops. The basic idea of the Idea Mill Model is to gather a general summary of ideas written down in the groups finding common answers to the questions about future teachership.    The informants participating in the workshops had gained several years of experience in Master's degree program, RDI activities or teaching. They had been invited to paying attention to a tripartite model forms from cooperation of student, mentor and teacher tutor. The themes based on research questions were discussed in the workshops. The data were analysed with content analysis. The number of participants in different workshops was between 12-26 persons.    The teacher of Master programme should have, for example, good knowledge and know-how in partnership, work experience as well as a multidisciplinary approach. The teacher has to be flexible, international and he/she should have the willingness and ability to use technical tools. The teacher's role and competences will vary depending on different situations in partnership.    The research produces multifaceted and deep new information about a cooperative teacher who is working closer with working life and building bridges between education in universities and in industry. In our article we will present the results of the study which will show what are the competences, knowledge and know-how of a master's programme teacher to act as a teacher as bridge builder connecting teaching and RDI. The results could be used to develop cooperation between universities and working life.
Being a teacher in higher education
Learning design : a handbook on modelling and delivering networked education and training
Teaching at its best : a research-based resource for college instructors
Research, development and innovation activities at Lahti University of Applied Sciences
Teaching literature
Information technology and constructivism in higher education : progressive learning frameworks
Theory in the classroom
Madsen's flower multicultural reflections : in the Degree programme of social services from graduated students' point of view
On becoming an innovative university teacher : reflection in action
A handbook for teaching and learning in higher education enhancing academic practice
Mapping the higher education landscape
The SAGE handbook of international higher education
Giving a lecture : from presenting to teaching
Higher education pedagogies : a capabilities approach
Evaluating teacher quality in higher education
