http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14155 car business
car business
Foreign investors in transitional economies : cases in manufacturing and services
Summary and conclusions (s. 94-100).
Enter :  cars and logistics : ohjaajan materiaali
Finnish public libraries in the 20th century
Motor vehicle distribution under Block Exemption Regulation 1400/2002 and Finnish Contracts Act : focus on qualitative features
Trends and issues in global tourism 2012
Tools and rules. Cars : opettajan opas
Compliance and enforcement of regulations of international road haulage : exploratory findings in the Baltic Sea Region in 2009
Professional driving : an emphasis on organizational safety climate
Improving occupational safety : accident risks of heavy vehicle drivers and material transfers at construction sites
Customers' decision-making and satisfaction in the car services industry : case Vianor Oy
Tools and rules. Cars
Enter : cars and logistics
Future Orientation and Outlook for Vehicle and Transportation Bachelor Education in Oulu UAS
Descriptions of Finnish vocational qualifications in Finnish, Swedish, English, German and French. Technology. 1 : vehicles and transportation, machinery and metal technology, electrical engineering
Car mania : a critical history of transport
This book offers insights into important trends and future scenarios in the global tourism and travel industry. Besides the general topics (aviation and hospitality industry, destination management, marketing, and distribution management) it analyses current challenges and impacts resulting especially from developments in social media, corporate social responsibility and eco-mobility. Sustainability in the global tourism sector and particularly eco-mobility is one of the top themes to-be and therefore a focus of this book. Among the contributors to the book are well-known notabilities from institutions such as the UNWTO and top executives of various segments of the tourism and travel industry. The articles are based on presentations and panel discussions presented at the world´s largest tourism convention, the ITB Berlin Convention.
Manual of travel agency practice
Conceptualizing productivity in services
In pursuit of the UnSafe : locating the native artist
The importance of customer support in achieving higher customer satisfaction in a business-to-business relationship : case: Veho Group Oy Ab.
ICT practitioner skills and training : automotive industry
The automotive industry and its supply chain has historically been a pioneer. However, in its second century the car industry is lagging behind in supply chain management and is not able to streamline the production volume to meet demand. The automotive industry is estimated to have 20% of overcapacity worldwide. The automotive supply chain and the production methods have not changed much since Henry Ford's Model T over a century ago. Customer oriented Build to Order approach has been identified to be the opposite to current Build to Stock, but adapting new approach in complex and conventional supply chain is easier said than done. Hence the study compares the two major logistic and production approaches used in automotive industry, build to order and build to stock. The study has been conducted as a desktop study, benefitting from the author's personal experience and interest in the field. The aim of the thesis is to find the reasoning behind the hardly proceeding shift from build to stock to build to order. The study also suggests improvements to automotive supply chain even if it was to stay as build to stock. It is suggested in the thesis that an even bigger obstacle than investments in new machinery, technology in the factory and lack of knowledge, is the mindset in the industry. Things have been done the way they have been for a century, and it is difficult to convince the industry that not only a change, but many changes are needed to achieve flexibility in all the aspects.
Work and learning in micro car-repair enterprises : a comparative study on the relationship between technological and organisational developments and training activities in micro car-repair enterprises in four European countries : synthesis report
The development of immune responses and gut microbiota in children at genetic risk of type 1 diabetes
Vehicle dynamics international
Understanding consumer behaviour in selling : case study: Lexus Finland
Distribution and servicing of motor vehicles in the European Union : Commission regulation (EC) no. 1400/2002 of 31 July 2002 on the application of Article 81(3) of the Treaty to categories of vertical agreements and concerted practices in the motor vehicle sector : explanatory brochure
The automobile company's marketing strategy facing the new situation China market : a case study of Audi
Differences in taxation on heavy goods vehicles in Europe
As Banks and his team follow what few clues they have, desperate to find the missing boy, who holds the key to the puzzle, they find themselves branching out in different directions. As the end game becomes a race against time, even Banks's team isn't safe from the rage of the hunted animal / Library of Congress.
Automotive engineering studies in universities
American icon : Alan Mulally and the fight to save Ford Motor Company
Vehicle Dynamics : UKIP Media & Events Ltd
A history of Japan's government-business relationship : the passenger car industry
Russia as a host country for conducting FDI in automotive industry
Travel and tourism in Europe
Harmonization of vechile weights and dimensions : consequences in Finland
Quality manual for Automaalamo Liedon Auto Oy
Motor sport greats : in conversation
Objective of this work was to create a quality manual for Automaalaamo Liedon Auto  Oy. The company works as a subcontractor for Turun VV-Auto car body shop department and from their request Automaalaamo Liedon Auto Oy was forced to implement a quality management system from Autoalan Keskusliitto RY (AKLLaatuohjelma)  to their business. Part of the quality management system was a quality  manual. The idea of a quality management system is to improve company̕s management and help providing quality products and services. Many of the different quality  management systems, as well as AKL-Laatuohjelma, is based on ISO 9001-standard.  AKL-Laatuohjelma is a stripped down version of ISO 9001, specially developed for  the needs of ca body- and paint shops. Purpose of this thesis is to produce a simple, easy-to-use quality manual that the company can use as a part of their daily operations. The quality manual is not part of  this thesis. Instead, this thesis introduces basic theories behind quality management as well as the process of creating the quality manual. The quality manual will give  guidelines for the company in their day-to-day operations whereas the theory part  introduces the contents of the manual and the process of creating the manual.
Anglo-russkij avtotraktornyj slovar' : okolo 50 000 terminov = English-Russian automotive dictionary : about 50 000 terms
Cars : analysis, history, cases
Cruising into English. A video-based course for the automotive trade
Bachelor's thesis 62 pages, appendices 6 pages February 2014Service quality has a huge role in the service industries. Every service provider should aim at reaching a high level of service quality. The quality of services consists of several quality attributes. Measuring service quality means evaluating each attribute separately. Customer satisfaction is also a vital part of service businesses. The concept differs from service quality by referring to the whole service entity of the service provider. The aim of this thesis was to help a tyre and car service company Vianor Oy in getting more information about its own level of service quality. The motives behind the customers' decision-making and the state of customer satisfaction were also researched. The main objectives were collecting useful information about the customers, analyzing the information and providing recommendations for Vianor Oy to improve its service. A questionnaire survey was chosen for collecting both quantitative and qualitative data. The results were processed with the help of Tixel software that transformed the data into tables. After that the results were analyzed with using the main concepts of service quality, customer satisfaction and services marketing mix. The results showed that most of the customers of Vianor Oy were quite satisfied with all the service quality attributes chosen for the research. It was also clear that Vianor Oy has a good image among its customers. The importance of the customers' earlier experiences stood out several times in the results. The recommendations given to the company were related to making the outlets even cozier, reacting to the phone calls faster and making use of the most important service quality attributes in marketing. Vianor Oy was also recommended to perform more marketing researches in the future. Some parts of the thesis could not be published due to a confidentiality agreement. The chapters that had to be removed were 3.3.2, 4 and 5. Because appendices 2 and 3 include information about the results, they also had to be taken away from the public version.
Grand Prix greats : a personal appreciation of 25 famous formula 1 drivers
ATZ AutoTechnology
Global shift : reshaping the global economic map in the 21st century
The frequent traveler's guide : your essential handbook to preventing unnecessary hassles and saving money
Customized : art inspired by Hot Rods, Low Riders and American car culture
Trends and Issues in Global Tourism 2012
Intercultural challenges in cross-media marketing : the adaption of communicational strategies of automotive brands in Germany and Brazil
Race engine technology
In the dark places : an inspector Banks novel
Dynasties : fortunes and misfortunes of the world's great family businesses
Analysis of the slow adaptation of build to order in automotive industry
Future retro : drawings from the great age of American automobiles : selected from the Jean S. and Frederic A. Sharf collection
Event marketing in car industry : case: Carfest
Revenue management for hospitality and tourism
English summary: Medical research on humans : legal and ethical aspects on encroaching physical integrity in medical research.
Race tech international
Comfort and design : principles and good practice
Route 66 remembered
Automotive technology : a systems approach
Managing the creative chaos : processes to the rescue at Parcero Marketing Partners Oy
The transport manager's and operator's handbook 2008
Cruising into English. Key : answers to the exercises and tapescripts
Racecar engineering
International business and tourism : global issues, contemporary interactions
Global shift : mapping the changing contours of the world economy
Switch on to English. 2, Automobile engineering
Winning strategies for the Indian market
Short summary European reports on Retail sector, motor vehicle repair and sales sector, food and beverages sector
