http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14131 reformatories
reformatories
Faith schools : consensus or conflict?
International directory of music education : details of institutions and music education qualifications. Volume 2, United States of America to Zimbabwe
I was #87 : a deaf woman's ordeal of misdiagnosis, institutionalization, and abuse
American education : a history
Guide international de la recherche en histoire de l'éducation = International guide for research in the history of education
Art school is at a point of unprecedented popularity both as an enterprise and as an object of critical inquiry. This book examines the complex and often unruly state of art education by focusing on its signature pedagogical form, the assignment. Practical and quixotic in equal parts, the art assignment can resemble a riddle as much as a recipe, and often sounds more like a haiku, or even a joke, than a clear directive. From introductory exercises in perspective drawing to graduate-level experiments in societal transformation, the assignment coalesces ideas about what art is, how it should be taught, and what larger purpose it might, or might not, serve. The book is a written record of an evolving oral tradition. Bringing together hundreds of assignments, anti-assignments, and artworks from both teachers and students from a broad range of institutions, we hope it simultaneously serves as an archive and an instigation, a teaching tool and a question mark, a critique and a tribute.
Childhood in Finland
From values of the local to values of the global : the moral values and their change in some Finnish middle and comprehensive school English textbooks between 1952 and 2004
Gender lessons : girls and boys negotiating learning community in Basics of Music
By focusing on one particular re-education institution, this book offers a multifaceted analysis of practices of diagnosis and curing what was defined as «delinquency, criminality or disorderly behaviour at the turn of the twentieth century. The study provides an important corrective to the existing accounts of re-education by proposing an approach in which institutional practices are analysed both from above and from below. The book draws attention to the process of reforming identities - the construction of reformatory identities - as the core of residential re-education. Special emphasis is placed on the interplay of notions of gender and social background. The book is based on extensive archival research drawing from a wide range of new and neglected sources. The primary material includes a unique collection of documents produced by the girls of the Vuorela State Reform School in Finland. Narrative analysis of correspondence, and careful scrutiny of the official sources created for re-educational purposes, form a basis for the investigation of the interaction between pupils' own self-expression and the aims of re-education in the construction of reformed identities. The practices developed in Finland are carefully contextualised in the European history of re-education.
The evolution of educational thought : lectures on the formation and development of secondary education in France
Daughters of penitence : Vuorela State Reform School and the construction of reformatory identity, 1893-1923
Education in western Europe : facts & figures
Turnaround leadership
New ideas for effective school improvement : vision, social capital, evaluation
The K. School : residential management of troublesome girls in transition-time Estonia
The social world of imprisoned girls : a comparative study of institutions for juvenile delinquents
Practical skills, education and development : Vocational education and training in Finland
The educational system of England and Wales
Musiikkikasvatus = Finnish journal of music education. 2014. Nro 1 : Vol. 17
As a teacher in an inner-city school, Lucy Crehan was exasperated with ever-changing government policy claiming to be based on lessons from 'top-performing' education systems. She became curious about what was really going on in classrooms of the countries whose teenagers ranked top in the world in reading, maths and science. Determined to dig deeper, Lucy set off on a personal educational odyssey through Finland, Japan, Singapore, Shanghai and Canada, teaching in schools, immersing herself in their very different cultures and discovering the surprising truths about school life that don't appear in the charts and graphs. Cleverlands documents her journey, weaving together her experiences with research on policy, history, psychology and culture to offer extensive new insights and provide answers to three fundamental questions: How do these countries achieve their high scores? What can others learn from them? And what is the price of this success?
Early childhood education in five nordic countries : perspectives on the transition from preschool to school
Change forces : the sequel
The struggle for democratic education : equality and participation in Sweden
Reproduction in education, society and culture
A history of Finnish education
Violence talk and gender in youth residential care
The Panopticon
International handbook of urban education
The underground history of American education : a schoolteacher's intimate investigation into the prison of modern schooling
This article examines the sociocultural learning of popular and jazz music in communities of practice as part of secondary vocational music education in a Finnish conservatory. The research is based on performance workshops which were implemented as a joint effort between professional musicians and music students. These workshops are suggested as a method of utilising communities of practice. Research outcomes show that the workshops include opportunities for learning and developing musicianship on many levels. The potential of sociocultural learning should be recognised in music schools and teachers should develop learning environments which utilise it. Learning from playing experiences and from the evaluation of learning outcomes are largely the students' responsibility who require autonomy, initiative, the ability to solve problems and collaborate, and a readiness to reflect on experiences.
Handbook of child psychology. Volume 4, Child psychology in practice
Advances in school effectiveness research and practice
The history and philosophy of art education
Masterclass : Product design : guide to the world's leading graduate schools
Environmental certification and Emas registration of educational establishments : step-by-step guide to Emas 2004
Two worlds of childhood : U.S. and U.S.S.R
The history of American education : a great American experiment
Christian religious education in the Lutheran dioceses of North-Western Tanzania
In search of good relationships to music : understanding aspiration and challenge in developing music school teacher practices
Art and the academy in the nineteenth century
Points of departure : some European dimensions in teacher education
Schools that learn : a fifth discipline fieldbook for educators, parents, and everyone who cares about education
Reconciling liberal and vocational education : report of the European Union Leonardo da Vinci research project on promoting the attractiveness of vocational education (PAVE)
Talking about student art
Within school walls : the role of discipline, sexuality and the curriculum
The German lesson
Developments in education 1990-1992, Finland : report
The walls around us
Decision-oriented educational research
Education in Britain : 1944 to present
The conservatories of Finland : report of the international evaluation team
Abstract.
Classification, selection and schooling : special education in the Finnish school system in the 20th century
Research methods in educational leadership and management
Abstract: Equality and Progress - The Finnish Education Project Under Russian Rule.
Research activities in the Department of Teacher Education in Kajaani
Education, assumptions and values
Modelling the future : exhibitions and the materiality of education
Reforming education and changing schools : case studies in policy sociology
Policing gender, class and family : Britain, 1850-1940
The effects of early social-emotional and relationship experience on the development of young orphanage children
The envy of angels : cathedral schools and social ideals in medieval Europe, 950-1200
Education and liberty : the role of the schools in a modern democracy
Breaking down barriers : teaching to learn and learning to teach in a music conservatory's outreach program
Draw it with your eyes closed : the art of the art assignment
New school : a history of the new school for social research
Criminal youth and the Borstal system
Music education & law : regulation as an instrument
Effective schools for disaffected students : intergration and segregation
Becoming a teacher educator : theory and practice for teacher educators
Power of images : INSEA 1992
Education, reform and the state : twenty five years of politics, policy and practice
Constructing reformatory identity : girls' reform school education in Finland, 1893-1923
Educating all students in the mainstream of regular education
Behavioural and morphological variation in European grayling, Thymallus thymallus, populations
The master and the way : educational processes and the study of dô
Music in the secondary school curriculum : trends and developments in class music teaching
Kasvatustieteiden tutkimuslaitoksen KTS-suunnitelma vuosille 1976-1981 = Pedagogiska forskningsinstitutes verksamhetsplan på mellanlång sikt för åren 1976-1981 = The medium range plan for 1976-1981 of the Institute for Educational Research
Islamic education and the public sphere : today's pesantren in Indonesia
Improving schools from within : teachers, parents and principals can make the difference
Communities of Practice in the Conservatory : Learning with a Professional Musician
Abstract (s. 56).
Student smoking and health education in vocational institutions and senior secondary schools
The challenge of communist education : a look at the German Democratic Republic
New schools for Finland : a study in educational transformation
Musiikkikasvatus = Finnish journal of music education. 2013. Nro 2 : Vol. 16
Education in the United States : its history from the earliest settlements
Choice and diversity in schooling : perspectives and prospects
World yearbook of education. 1996, The evaluation of higher education systems
Vulnerable inside : children in secure and penal settings
Thai images : the culture of the public world
Beyond public education
Education and science
