http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14154 rhyme
rhyme
The yoga game
The snail and the whale
Ted's shed
The incredible worm
Yo ho ho! A-pirating we'll go : little pirate poems
"This is a book for anyone," Glyn Maxwell declares of On Poetry. A guide to the writing of poetry and a defense of the art, it will be especially prized by writers and readers who wish to understand why and how poetic technique matters. When Maxwell states, "With rhyme what matters is the distance between rhymes" or "the line-break is punctuation," he compresses into simple, memorable phrases a great deal of practical wisdom.
One ted falls out of bed
Frog on a log
The invisible cat meets mad Nana Dot
Rime as a criterion of the pronunciation of Spenser, Pope, Byron, and Swinburne : a contribution to the history of the present English stressed vowels
Mr. Brown can moo ! Can you?
This is the story of Alison Hubble who went to bed single and woke up double
Anglicising romance : tail-rhyme and genre in medieval English literature
The Gruffalo
Rhyme's reason : a guide to English verse
Can you see a little bear?
In seven chapters... the poet explores his belief that the greatest verse arises from a harmony of mind and body, and that poetic forms originate in human necessities: breath, heartbeat, footstep, posture... To illustrate his argument, he draws upon personal touchstones such as Emily Dickinson and Robert Frost. An experienced teacher, Maxwell also takes us inside the world of the creative writing class, where we learn from the experiences of four aspiring poets."--
The rhyming dictionary of the English language : in which the whole language is arranged according to its terminations : with an index of allowable rhymes
B is for bulldozer : a construction ABC
The library
Words to rhyme with : a rhyming dictionary : including a primer of prosody, a list of more than 80,000 words that rhyme, a glossary defining 9,000 of the more eccentric rhyming words, and a variety of exemplary verses, one of which does not rhyme at all
My favourite children's songs
Metre, rhyme and free verse
Songwriting : essential guide to rhyming: a step-by step guide to better rhyming and lyrics
Pearl Power is a feisty five-year-old who believes very strongly in girl and boy equality. Her first adventure sees her moving house and changing school whilst remaining clever, strong and kind. Upon meeting one boy who seems to think that boys are better than girls, she teaches him a lesson in girl power, as well as in kindness.
On poetry
Shark in the park
New Oxford rhyming dictionary
The creation of meaning and the phonetic encoding of parallel structures in improvised argumentation
Oxford rhyming dictionary
Essential Songwriter's Rhyming Dictionary : The most practical and easy-to-use reference now available
Merriam-Webster's pocket rhyming dictionary
A butcher's at chitty chitty bang bang : some linguistic aspects of Cockney dialect and rhyming slang
A Butcher's at chitty chitty bang bang : some linguistic aspects of Cockney dialect and rhyming slang
Text and tune : on the association of music and lyrics in sung verse
Little Tractor and friends
Nothing rhymes with orange : perfect words for poets, songwriters, and rhymers
From limerick to "rimelick" : the Finnish nonsense limerick and its transformations
Mixed up nursery rhymes
Bengali and Japanese folk rhymes - a comparative study in oral tradition
All afloat on Noah's boat!
Beetle and Bug and the grissel hunt
The Oxford dictionary of rhyming slang
The poet's manual and rhyming dictionary
Dhegayso, Dhegayso = Listen, listen
Action rhymes
When I woke up I was a hippopotamus
Positive as sound : Emily Dickinson's rhyme
Laughter lines : comic verse for life's little moments
Chambers rhyming dictionary
Aliens in underpants save the world
Pirates Love Underpants
Peace, baby!
Meter in poetry : a new theory
Rhyme's challenge : hip hop, poetry, and contemporary rhyming culture
A preface to parallelism
Oxford dictionary of rhymes
Don't be greedy, Graham : a cautionary tale
What makes sound patterns expressive? : the poetic mode of speech perception
Hugo the Hare's rainy day
Oxford first rhyming dictionary
A rhyme in time : rhythm, speech activities and improvisation for the classroom
Towards a typology of poetic forms : from language to metrics and beyond
Clare Beaton's action rhymes
Pearl power
Poetry translating as expert action : processes, priorities and networks
The modern rhyming dictionary : how to write lyrics : including a practical guide to lyric writing for songwriters and poets
Little Miss Muffet counts to ten
Give that back, Jack! : a cautionary tale
