http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14137 animal sounds
animal sounds
Mr. Brown can moo ! Can you?
Say hello to the snowy animals
Current ornithology. Vol. 2
Acoustic communication
My first book of sounds
What the ladybird heard next
Tsto nam delat s malysom a-a-a g-u-u = What shall we do with the boo hoo baby?
Avian biology. 5
Born to sing : an interpretation and world survey of bird song
Old Macdonald had a farm
Rapid interpretation of heart and lung sounds : a guide to cardiac and respiratory auscultation in dogs and cats
Are we smart enough to know how smart animals are?
Atlas of equine ultrasonography
Co zrobic z bobasem buu huu huu? = What shall we do with the boo hoo baby?
Animal acoustic communication : sound analysis and research methods
Out of the depths
Wild soundscapes : discovering the voice of the natural world : a book and CD recording
When baby lost bunny
What the ladybird heard
A nap time story
Bird music : an introduction to the study of the vocal expressions of British birds with appreciations of their songs
Towards an ornithology of the Himalayas : systematics, ecology and vocalizations of Nepal birds
Birdsong, speech, and language : exploring the evolution of mind and brain
Stories for 3 year olds
How musical is a whale? : towards a theory of zoömusicology
Encounters with animals
On the farm
Sound effects : sounds of birds and other animals
Dario Martinelli's compact and enjoyable treatise on zoomusicology, "Of Birds, Whales, and Other Musicians", introduces musicologists, biologists, social scientists, and philosophers to a new theoretical model for studying how animal behavioral patterns relate to sound communication. Organized by musical trait rather than animal species, and drawing upon the work of such esteemed philosophers as Umberto Eco, Charles Sanders Peirce, and Thomas Sebeok, Martinelli's analyses redefine the boundaries surrounding music and help readers - scholars and amateurs alike - to appreciate the relationship between animals and musicological exchanges.
Veterinary diagnostic ultrasound
Ma ba in bachchah-'i na'arami kih hamah ash "buv huv" mi kunad chih kunim? = What shall we do with the boo hoo baby?
Acoustic behaviour of animals
The great animal orchestra : finding the origins of music in the world's wild places
Stories for three-year-olds
The lion inside
"A humorous allegory in the spirit of Animal Farm"-- Provided by publisher
Sidaynu nidhaahnaa nuunuuga-buu-huu? = What shall we do with the boo-hoo baby?
The big bad mole's coming!
The little book of night time animal sounds
Mr. Brown can moo! Can you?
Every living thing
The sound approach to birding
Veterinary ultrasonography
If only they could talk
Songs from the deep : Le chant des baleines
Sounds of the fascinating animal world
Polar bear, polar bear, what do you hear?
Bird song : acoustics and physiology
Vocalization in the guinea-pig, Cavia porcellus L.
The little book of woodland bird songs
Of birds, whales, and other musicians : an introduction to zoomusicology
Ultrasonography
One noisy night
Scholars have long been captivated by the parallels between birdsong and human speech and language. In this book, leading scholars draw on the latest research to explore what birdsong can tell us about the biology of human speech and language and the consequences for evolutionary biology. They examine the cognitive and neural similarities between birdsong learning and speech and language acquisition, considering vocal imitation, auditory learning, an early vocalization phase (“babbling”), the structural properties of birdsong and human language, and the striking similarities between the neural organization of learning and vocal production in birdsong and human speech. After outlining the basic issues involved in the study of both language and evolution, the contributors compare birdsong and language in terms of acquisition, recursion, and core structural properties, and then examine the neurobiology of song and speech, genomic factors, and the emergence and evolution of language.
Join the zoo hullabaloo!
Who goes there? Find out inside! Listen to the sounds of the night with this magically atmospheric tour of the animals who inhabit the world around you whilst you sleep - easily accessed at the touch of 12 simple sound buttons.
The little rabbit who liked to say moo
Current ornithology. Vol. 14
Animal voices : telepathic communication in the web of life
Touch and feel playbook
The jungle book
Squirrel seeks chipmunk
Jakki Wood's Animal hullabaloo : a wildlife noisy book
Holy cow : a modern-day dairy tale
British bat calls : a guide to species identification
The ecology and behavior of chickadees and titmice : an integrated approach
The semiotics of animal representations
How do rats react to sound?
David Attenborough's Collected Life Stories
You ge wu wu yan yan de ying er, wo men zen mo ban? = What shall we do with the boo hoo baby?
The auditory cortex : a synthesis of human and animal research
Animal signals : signalling and signal design in animal communication
The Jungle Book
