http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14124 ornithology
ornithology
Japanese journal of ornithology
The Skylark
Orvis beginner's guide to bird watching
The American Bird Conservancy guide to bird conservation
Second bird report 1971
The encyclopedia of birds
Ornithological science
A bibliography of birds : with special reference to anatomy, behavior, biochemistry, embryology, pathology, physiology, genetics, ecology, aviculture, economic ornithology, poultry culture, evolution and related subjects
Birdscope
Living bird
Hummingbirds of North America : the photographic guide
Pheasants, partridges and grouse : a guide to the pheasants, partridges, quails, grouse, guineafowl, buttonquails and sandgrouse of the world
Siberia in Asia: a visit to the valley of the Genesay in East Siberia : With description of the natural history, migration of birds, etc
The great tit
Audubon's aviary : the original watercolors for The birds of America
Bird-watching localities in Estonia
Bird song : biological themes and variations
Notornis
Wideawake island : the story of the B. O. U. Centenary Expedition to Ascension
Avian and poultry biology reviews
The history of British birds
Bird : The Definitive Visual Guide
Katalog Dalbergovy ornitologické sbírky : Catalogue of Dalberg's ornithological collection
Manual of ornithology : avian structure & function
Birds and how they live
Ornithologie : Katalog
Marion and Prince Edward Islands : report on the South African Biological & Geological Expedition/1965-1966
Estonian wetlands and their life
A concise history of ornithology : the lives and works of its founding figures
Rails : a guide to the rails, crakes, gallinules and coots of the world
Ornithological researches in the Latvian SSR : 1946-1970
The Golden Oriole
Sylvia warblers
Pipits and wagtails of Europe, Asia and North America : identification and systematics
Evolutionary and ecologial perspectives of status signalling in the great tit (Parus major L.)
Journal für Ornithologie
Shrikes & bush-shrikes : including wood-shrikes, helmet-shrikes, flycatcher-shrikes, philentomas, batises and wattle-eyes
Effects of temperature on foraging behaviour of small forest birds wintering in northern Finland
Studies in avian biology
Essential ornithology
Wilson bulletin
Wild bird mortality in the Netherlands 1975-1989
The Gyrfalcon
The origin and evolution of birds
Where to watch birds in North & East Spain
Discovering birds : the emergence of ornithology as a scientific discipline: 1760-1850
Birdscapes : birds in our imagination and experience
The bird almanac : the ultimate guide to essential facts and figures of the world's birds
Songbird demography : demographic structure, survival rates, and population dynamics of songbirds with particular reference to the birds of the Eastern Baltic
Journal of avian biology
The unfeathered bird
Magyar madártani bibliográfia = Bibliographia Ornithologica Hungarica
Acta 11. Congressus internationalis ornithologici : Basel 20.V.-5.VI.1954
A selection from the Birds of America by John James Audubon
Population dynamics and dispersal behaviour of an endangered bird, the ortolan bunting
A new dictionary of birds
5th European Crane Conference, 10-13 April 2003, Sweden : preface, programme, abstracts
Ornis Norvegica
Reed and bush warblers
The Raven : a natural history in Britain and Ireland
The history of American ornithology before Audubon
Terns of Europe and North America
Current ornithology
Proceedings of the Fifth Nordic Ornithological Congress, 1985 : Onsala, Sweden, 5-9 August, 1985
Tethys ornithological research. Vol. 2, The birds of Kazakhstan : [Pticy Kaxahstana]
Bibliography of the avifauna of Ethiopia
The Cambridge encyclopedia of ornithology
Nomina anatomica avium = An annotated anatomical dictionary of birds
Tethys ornithological research. Vol. 1, Sovremennye problemy kazahstanskoj ornitologii v načale XXI veka : sistematičeskij, faunističeskij i migracionnyj aspekty : Current problems of Kazakhstan ornithology at the beginning of the XXI century : systematic, faunistic and migratory aspects
Chatham Islands ornithology : a tribute to Sir Charles Fleming KBE, DSC, FRS, FRSNZ, 1916-1987
Ornis Scandinavica
Ornis Fennica
Birds in our lives
The avifauna of an upland seasonal woodland in central Kenya : ecology, behavior, breeding
Colorado birds : the Colorado Field Ornithologists' quarterly
The secret life of birds : who they are and what they do
Bird lore
Birds in Northumbria
Ornithologen-Briefe des 20. Jahrhunderts : "We must lead the way on new paths" : the work and correspondence of Hartert, Stresemann, Ernst Mayr - international ornithologists
North American birds
Stonechats : a guide to the genus Saxicola
Ornithology in laboratory and field
The Wilson journal of ornithology
Babblers, biogeography and Bayesian reasoning
Birds to watch 2 : the world list of threatened birds : the official source for birds on the IUCN red list
101 golden rules of bird watching : twitching tips and tales to inform and entertain
History and nomenclature of avian family-group names. Walter J. Bock
Acta palaeornithologica : 3. Symposium SAPE : 5. Internationale Senckenberg-Konferenz 22.-26 Juni 1992
Small-headed flycatcher ; Seen yesterday ; He didn't leave his name, and other stories
Pigeons and doves : a guide to the pigeons and doves of the world
Avian biology research
Research notes on avian biology 1994 : selected contributions from the 21st International Ornithological Congress
New Hampshire Bird Records
Intohimona petolinnut : tutkija, valokuvaaja & lintumaalari Dick Forsman : researcher, photographer & bird artist Dick Forsman = En passion för rovfåglar : forskaren, fotografen, fågelmålaren Dick Forsman = A passion for raptors
Where to watch birds in the East Midlands : Derbyshire, Leicestershire, Lincolnshire, Northamptonshire and Nottinghamshire
Differences between old and newly established Goldeneye Bucephala clangula populations
Ornithological researches in Estonia : a survey of trends a. achievements for presentation to the fourteenth International ornithological congress Oxford, July 1966
Acta ornithologica
Woodpeckers of Europe : a study of the European Picidae
America's other Audubon
Ornis Svecica
Breeding success of Finnish birds in the bad summer of 1981.
Bewick's Swan
The birdwatcher's handbook : a guide to the natural history of the birds of Britain and Europa : including 516 species that regularly breed in Europe and adjacent parts of the Middle East and North Africa
Sunbirds : a guide to the sunbirds, flowerpeckers. spiderhunters, and sugarbirds of the world
Birds, in contrast to mammals, are thought to have fragile bones, which are difficult to identify when found, so have no useful archaeological record. This book is based on an accumulation of over 9,000 records of species identified from sites in the British Isles, which indicates that the contrary is true. The difficulties of identification are discussed, but 9,000 records is a substantial body of evidence, which is reviewed. The book summarizes the archaeological record of birds in the British Isles, and integrates this factual basis into an overview of the history of the bird fauna in these islands. It tells us much about what native birds we should have, which ones we have lost, and therefore which ones would be worth discussing for reintroduction. Recent discussions suppose that eagle owls are not native, but archaeological evidence suggests they were. White-tailed eagles were widespread up to Saxon times at least, and cranes (not the same as herons) were widespread through to mediaeval times. When did our most common bird arrive? Where from? Which species is it, anyway? And how does the balance of wild, introduced and domestic birds compare with the similar balance of mammals, or with the balance 7,000 years ago, before farming altered the landscape?
Birds : the art of ornithology
"Essential Ornithology provides the reader with a concise but comprehensive introduction to the biology of birds, one of the most widely studied taxonomic groups. The book starts with the controversial question of the dinosaur origins of birds and their subsequent evolution. Development, anatomy, and physiology are then discussed followed by chapters devoted to avian reproduction, migration, ecology, and conservation. Sections dealing with aspects of bird/human relationships and bird conservation give the book an applied context. Drawing extensively upon the wider scientific literature, this engaging text places the results of classical studies of avian biology alongside the most recent scientific breakthroughs. Useful case studies are presented in a concise and engaging style with the student reader foremost in mind. Key points are highlighted and suggestions for guided reading and key references are included throughout"--
Letters on the ornithology of Buenos Ayres
Journal of the Yamashina Institute for Ornithology
Ornis fennica
Materials of the conference on the study and conservation of Migratory Birds of the Baltic Basin, Tallinn, 9-13 October 1974
The life of birds
Preparing for highly pathogenic avian influenza
101 golden rules of birdwatching  : twitching tips and tales to inform and entertain
Journal of the Colorado Field Ornithologists
Scottish raptor monitoring report
Bulletin of the British ornithologists' club
Southern bird
Scottish birds
World Birdwatch : Helsinki
Population genetic analyses of natal dispersal and substructure in three bird species
Ovum transport in the oviduct of the Japanese quail (Coturnix coturnix japonica)
Bird study
A survey of the bird-ringing in Finland during the years 1913-1952
Ornithology
Our garden birds : their food, habits and appearances
An ornithological bibliography having particular reference to the study of the birds of Java
Scientific publications of the Percy FitzPatric Institute of African Ornithology, 1960-1987
Patch selection, conflicting activities and patterns of migration in birds
Birds of Katanga
Bird life in the Royal parks : report by the Committee on Bird Sanctuaries in the Royal Parks, England and Wales
