http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14199 hardware stores
hardware stores
Purchasing Process at Yard Selling Department, Case: Company X
Excavations at Helgö. 8, The ancient monument
Excavations at Helgö. 5:1, Workshop : 2
Siberia and the Soviet Far East : strategic dimensions in multinational perspective
Society and trade in the Baltic during the Viking Age : papers of the VIIth Visby Symposium held at Gotlands Fornsal, Gotland's Historical Museum, Visby, August 15th-19th, 1983
The Viking world
Report on the improvement of the management of radiation protection aspects in the recycling of metal scrap
Abstract: The economic importance of the transit traffic in Finland.
A history of building types
Excavations at Helgö. 18, Conclusions and new aspects
Improving customer satisfaction and customer loyalty  : a case study of K-Rauta Kuninkoja
50 years of the ECSC Treaty : coal and steel statistics : data 1952-2000
Kings of the North Sea, AD 250-850
Exchange networks and local transformations : interaction and local change in Europe and the Mediterranean from the Bronze Age to the Iron Age
The liberalization process in Europe : market entry barriers versus competition stimulation : cases of Germany and Hungary
The world of the Vikings
The Amber Lands in the time of the Roman Empire
The purpose of the thesis is to gather information about K-Rauta Kuninkoja's business-to-business customers, about their customer satisfaction and customer loyalty. This information is used to enhance K-Rauta's services and to create a stronger base for the customer relationships. Customers these days do not accept merely good customer service; they expect to be completely satisfied with the service they get. The companies cannot compete just with the products; they need to give the customer a personal experience. Loyal clientele is a significant advantage for a company. Loyal customers bring straightforward value, not only by their own transactions but also through the positive experiences shared with others. The path towards the customer satisfaction and moreover customer loyalty is a sum of different things and actions between the customer and the company. Often too much energy is spent for gaining new customers, without taking care of the existing ones. If the company fails on delivering the customer the level of satisfaction the customer expects, the relationship is failed. Due to the uniqueness of the Finnish hardware stores it is also an interesting area to do research of. This particular customer group was selected for the survey due to the lack of previous knowledge from them and due to their separation from the regular consumers. The results got from the customer survey supported the theory and proved the fact that even if the customers are merely satisfied with the stores services, it does not necessarily mean they would also be loyal towards the store. The results from the survey were positive towards K-Rauta Kuninkoja, but still the customers answered to use the other hardware stores more often. The survey proved that improving the level of satisfaction does not always need large investments. It can also be conducted by shaping the service processes and by gathering feedback from the customers regularly. The customers must also feel that their feedback is taken into account. Through these results K-Rauta Kuninkoja gets the ability to detect  their customers? needs and more precisely answer to them.
Alternative routes in international railway logistics between EU and China Trade
Excavations at Helgö. 9, Finds, features and functions
Connections between Halikko Bay and Eastern Baltic during the late Iron Age
Wulfstan's voyage : the Baltic Sea region in the early Viking age as seen from shipboard
Market entry strategies and confronted barriers on liberalized railway freight markets in Sweden and Poland
Finlands affärsfirmor = Suomen liiketoiminimet = Finnish business firms. 2-4, Åbo ; Tampere ; Viipuri
Supply chain management for liquid packagign boards and cupstock
Textiles and the Medieval economy : production, trade, and consumption of textiles, 8th-16th Centuries
The impact of store atmospherics and store layout on customer behavior in a hardware store retail setting : case: do-it-yourself store
Rail Baltica influence area : state of operating environment
Means of exchange : dealing with silver in the Viking Age
Exchange and cultural interactions : a study of long-distance trade and cross-cultural contacts in the late bronze age and early iron age in Central and Eastern Europe
1952-2002 : 50 years of ECSC coal research
Customer Satisfaction Survey for Business Customers
The Balts
Transport connections between the EU and Russia : current status and outlook for the future
Political economy of Bronze- and Iron Age societies in the Eastern Coast of the Bothnian Bay ca. 1500 BC-AD 1300
Archaeologists and textile historians bring together 16 papers to investigate the production, trade and consumption of textiles in Scandinavia and across parts of northern and Mediterranean Europe throughout the medieval period. Archaeological evidence is used to demonstrate the existence or otherwise of international trade and to examine the physical characteristics of textiles and their distribution in order to understand who was producing, using and trading them and what they were being used for. Historical evidence, mainly textual, is employed to link textile names to places, numbers and prices and thus provide an appreciation of changing economics, patterns of distribution and the organisation of trade. Different types and qualities of cloths are discussed and the social implications of their production and import/export considered against a developing background of urbanism and increasing commercial wealth.
From sugar triangle to cotton triangle : trade and shipping between America and Baltic Russia, 1783-1860
The age of the Vikings
Excavations at Helgö. 6, The Mälaren area
Life on the underground railroad
Iron and steel scrap : its significance and influence on further developments in the iron and steel industries
Finnish and Swedish iron export to England in the 18th and 19th centuries with an excursus
Sustaining life : vessel import to Norway in the first millennium AD
Customer satisfaction follow-up in Toijalan Rakennustarvike Oy
