http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14169 men's culture
men's culture
Abstract.
Queer spirits : a gay men's myth book
Understanding masculinities : social relations and cultural arenas
One thousand beards : a cultural history of facial hair
Secrecy & cultural reality : utopian ideologies of the New Guinea men's house
Anthropology and psychoanalysis : an encounter through culture
Masculinities in organizations
Manhood in the making : cultural concepts of masculinity
Summary: Creating an educational and training culture at the Finnish Defence Forces.
Manly traditions : the folk roots of American masculinities
On the edge of the bush : anthropology as experience
Gender, identity and the culture of organizations
Abstact: Portrait of cultural secretaries.
Public servants and political, organizational and governmental culture : a sketch for a conceptual perspective and some disseminations of the attitudes of Finnish public servants
Disarming patriarchy : feminism and political action at Greenham
Hitler's exiles : the German cultural resistance in America and Europe
The stereotypes of men in popular culture, from hairy-chested movie stars to rough-hewn heroes, do not alone represent masculinity. In fact, there are many ways to define masculine behavior, from revealing one's feminine side to consuming vast quantities of beer. Now, a leading scholar explores the origins, structures, and dynamics of masculinity in a unique new reference work.
Port towns and urban cultures : international histories of the waterfront, c. 1700-2000
Forbidden friendships : homosexuality and male culture in Renaissance Florence
Making leadership : performances, practices, and positions that construct leadership
Eye on the flesh : fashions of masculinity in the early twentieth century
Relationships and sacred rituals : heterosexuality as a product of commercials
Reading the bromance : homosocial relationships in film and television
Manga girl seeks herbivore boy : studying Japanese gender at Cambridge
The white castle
How to be a man
Suomen merimuseo = The Maritime Museum of Finland : annual report 1993
Redundant Masculinities? investigates the links between the so-called 'crisis of masculinity' and contemporary changes in the labour market through the lives of young working class men.
The complete book of tartan : a heritage encyclopedia of over 400 tartans and the stories that shaped Scottish history
South Asian masculinities : context of change, sites of continuity
Abstract: Consumer behavior in the men's suit market in St. Petersburg.
Redundant masculinities? : employment change and white working class youth
Changing men, transforming culture : inside the men's movement
Deep sea sailors : a study in maritime ethnology
The end of leadership
Masculinity is gaining increasing popular and academic interest. At one level, football hooligans, absent fathers, 'Essex man' and 'new men' are regular media presences. At the same time, masculinity is the subject of increasingly sophisicated theoretical discussion, and there are a wide range of accounts of what masculinity means. Understanding Masculinities is the first introductory text to examine the range of different theoretical and methodological approaches to the understanding of masculinity. It brings together overviews of the key theoretical debates with new empirical material, focusing on different social and cultural arenas, and the wide range of masculinities which exist. It discusses education, unemployment, sport, sexuality, HIV, and black masculinities. Understanding Masculinities critically explores the gendered and sexual dynamics of these masculinities, challenging and transforming our conventional assumptions. Understanding Masculinities will be important reading for undergraduate and masters students of sociology, women's studies, gender and psychology. It will also be of interest to anyone concerned with broadening their understanding of masculinity.
Masculinities : football, polo and the tango in Argentina
What are the biggest cultural factor-related challenges for Finnish SMEs while doing business with the Chinese?  : case: real voice from three businessmen
White masculinity in the recent South
Beer in the snooker club
Men and masculinities : a social, cultural, and historical encyclopedia
When men are women : manhood among Gabra nomads of East Africa
Secrets from the Greek kitchen : cooking, skill, and everyday life on an Aegean Island
Manhood and morality : sex, violence and ritual in Gisu society
How to be chap : the surprisingly sophisticated habits, drinks and clothes of the modern gentleman
A short history of tractors in Ukrainian
The enigma of comparative law : variations on a theme for the twenty-first century
Culture, risk and HIV/AIDS among migrant and mobile men in Goa, India
The new pioneers : the men and women who are transforming the workplace and marketplace
The men's fashion reader
Is there anything good about men? : how cultures flourish by exploiting men
Palau Museum bai : traditional men's meeting house (adjunct to Palau Museum) constructed and dedicated 1969 = Bai ra Ngesechel ar Cherchar
Masculinity, autocracy and the Russian university, 1804-1863
Consumer behavior in the men's suit market in St. Petersburg
The book of the penis
The Irish countryman : an anthropological study
Beyond patriarchy : essays by men on pleasure, power, and change
Malaysia : the business traveller's handbook
Nation as mother figure for reformers in Finland, 1840-1910 : a psychohistorical approach to identification
Old dead white men's philosophy
The 85 ways to tie a tie : the science and aesthetics of tie konts
Men in the lives of young children ; an international perspective
Women and men communicating : challenges and changes
Authentic leadership : discover and live your essential mission
A gentleman walks down the aisle : a complete guide to the perfect wedding day
China dawn : the story of a technology and business revolution
A well-dressed gentleman's pocket guide
Multicultural Leadership Strategies : case: Company X, Poland
Men in wonderland : the lost girlhood of the Victorian gentlemen
The masculine self
Dandies : fashion and finesse in art and culture
Mapping male sexuality : nineteenth-century England
Attitudes, assumptions, and behaviors in managers' talk : What types of conflict cultures do they foster?
International negotiations : a multi-case study on negotiation differences between Finnish and Chilean businessmen
Discoursing Finnish rock : articulations of identities in the Saimaa-ilmiö rock documentary
Of beards and men : the revealing history of facial hair
Developing an orientation program for the new volunteers at seamen's mission in Rauma
The tie : trends and traditions. Sarah Gibbings
The behavioral ecology of Efe Pygmy men in the Ituri Forest, Zaire
A coincidence of desires : anthropology, queer studies, Indonesia
Masculinity goes to school
The modern gentleman / a guide to essential manners, savvy & vice
Across the Great Divide : cultures of manhood in the American West
A survival guide to Finnish : sauna, sisu & Sibelius : for businesspeople
Summary.
Forty traditions for spouses (the men)
The men we loved : male friendship and nationalism in Israeli culture
Intercultural Competence : managing Cultural Diversity : training handbook
Body matters : essays on the sociology of the body
This text provides a sociological study of the Greenham Common Women's Peace Camp. Using this as a basis, the author examines the ways in which feminists can resist and transform relations of male domination and female subordination. The book aims to contribute to the debates which surround feminism, politics, identity, sexuality and militarism. It should be of interest to students of women's studies, sociology, politics and international relations.
Becoming inummarik : men's lives in an Inuit community
Conflicts and multicultural team : Developing competencies for managers
Manhood in America : a cultural history
Diversity in coaching : working with gender, culture, race and age
Men's viewpoints on gender equality
Leisure pursuits : studies in modernity, masculinity, homosexuality and late modernity : a survey of some results
The English gentleman : images and ideals in literature and society
The chap : Helsinki
Men and masculinities in contemporary Japan : dislocating the salaryman doxa
John Selden : a life in scholarship
