http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14114 Pre-Raphaelites
Pre-Raphaelites
Dante Gabriel Rossetti : painter and poet
The Pre-Raphaelite lens : British photography and painting, 1848-1875
The Pre-Raphaelites / Timothy Hilton
Worldwide Pre-Raphaelitism
Art for art's sake : aestheticism in Victorian painting
"John Everett Millais (1829-1896) was one of the most significant English painters of the nineteenth century. In this new study of the artist's life and work, author Rosenfeld demonstrates that the development of Millais's art was at the forefront of contemporary painting throughout his life and not just his earlier Pre-Raphaelite masterpieces. This beautiful book includes 200 illustrations from Millais's best-loved work, archival material and a few surprises. And for the first time, Millais's landscapes, which influenced Van Gogh, and his portraits, which influenced Singer Sargent, are given due attention."--Publisher's website.
William Morris (1834-1896)
Pre-Raphaelite painting and nineteenth-century realism
Outsiders looking in : the Rossettis then and now
Hawthorne's visual artists and the pursuit of a transatlantic aesthetics
The Pre-Raphaelite imagination, 1848-1900
Writing the Pre-Raphaelites : text, context, subtext
The pre-raphaelites
The preference for the primitive : episodes in the history of Western taste and art
This book is the first to explore the distinctive role of painting in the debates surrounding the notion of 'art for art's sake' and Aestheticism in Victorian England. In the London circles of Dante Gabriel Rossetti and Frederic Leighton, this artistic problem became a shared concern: if art is not created for the sake of preaching a moral lesson, or supporting a political cause, or making a fortune, or any other objective, what might art be? Art historian Elizabeth Prettejohn traces the emergence of the debates in the 1860s and their development into the 1870s, focusing especially on the principal protagonists of the Aesthetic Movement and their paintings - some of the most haunting and memorable images in modern art. At the heart of the book are fresh and detailed interpretations of major paintings by Rossetti, James McNeill Whistler, Leighton, Edward Burne-Jones, Albert Moore, and Simeon Solomon. Prettejohn also investigates the underpinnings of the movement in French and German aesthetics and the writings of its two great critics, Algernon Charles Swinburne and Walter Pater. The English painters' search for the formula to best express the idea of 'art for art's sake' was a unified and powerful artistic undertaking, the book demonstrates, and the Aesthetic Movement made important contributions to the history of modern art.
Copiously illustrated with pre-Raphaelite drawings from public and private collections around the UK, the book features an illuminating text by the renowned art historian Colin Cruise, offering a fresh and intimate perspective on this much-loved group of artists.
The age of Rossetti, Burne-Jones & Watts : symbolism in Britain 1860 - 1910 : Tate Gallery, London, 16 October 1997 - 4 January 1998 : Haus der Kunst, Munich, 30 January - 26 April 1998 : Van Gogh Museum, Amsterdam, 15 May - 30 August 1998 / edited by Andrew Wilton and Robert Upstone with contributions by Barbara Bryant ... [et al.]
The Pre-Raphaelites / by Leslie Parris
Flora symbolica : flowers in Pre-Raphaelite art
"The group of young painters and writers who coalesced into the Pre-Raphaelite movement in the middle years of the nineteenth century became hugely influential in the development not only of literature and painting, but also more generally of art and design. Though their reputation has fluctuated over the years, their achievements are now recognised and their style enjoyed and studied widely. This volume explores the lives and works of the central figures in the group: among others, the Rossettis, William Holman Hunt, John Everett Millais, Ford Madox Brown, William Morris and Edward Burne-Jones. This is the first book to provide a general introduction to the Pre-Raphaelite movement that integrates its literary and visual art forms. The Companion explains what made the Pre-Raphaelite style unique in painting, poetry, drawing and prose"--
The best of these letters, flowing rapidly from his pen, radiate charisma and enthusiasm, warmth and care for his friends, and a total engagement with art and literature. "Burlington Magazine" (Julian Treuherz) 1835-1854: This nine-volume edition will represent the definitive collection of extant Rossetti correspondence, an outstanding primary witness to the range of ideas and opinions that shaped Rossetti's art and poetry. The largest collection of Rossetti's letters ever to be published, it features all known surviving letters, a total of almost 5,800 to over 330 recipients, and includes 2,000 previously unpublished letters by Rossetti and selected letters to him. In addition to this, about 100 drawings taken from within letter texts are also reproduced. In its entirety, the collection will give an invaluable and unparalleled insight into Rossetti's character and art, and will form a rich resource for students and scholars studying all aspects of his life and work. The correspondence has been transcribed from collections in sixty-four manuscript repositories, containing Rossetti's letters to his companions in the Pre-Raphaelite Brotherhood, Hunt and Stephens; friends such as Boyce and Bell Scott; his early patrons, Ellen Heaton and James Leathart; and his publisher friend, Alexander Macmillan. An additional twenty-two printed sources have also been accessed. Index; extensive annotations. William E. Fredeman (1928-1999) was professor of English at the University of British Columbia from 1956-1991. His many books, articles and reviews on the Pre-Raphaelites and their followers include his important "Pre-Raphaelitism: A Bibliocritical Study". He died in 1999 with this edition almost completed. An editorial committee chaired by Betty Fredeman has been formed to see it through the press.
Millais : Tate Britain, London, 26 September 2007 - 13 January 2008 : Van Gogh Museum, Amsterdam, 15 February - 18 May 2008 : Kitakyushu Municipal Museum of Art, Fukuoka, 7 June - 17 August 2008 ; Bunkamura Museum of Art, Tokyo, 30 August - 26 october 200 / Jason Rosenfeld and Alison Smith ; with contributions by Heather Birchall
John Brett : Pre-Raphaelite landscape painter
Artistic brotherhoods in the nineteenth century / edited by Laura Morowitz and William Vaughan
The last Pre-Raphaelite : Edward Burne-Jones and the Victorian imagination
Pre-Raphaelites
The Germ : origins and progenies of Pre-Raphaelite interart aesthetics
Women artists and the Pre-Raphaelite movement
Victorian photography, painting and poetry : the enigma of visibility in Ruskin, Morris and the Pre-Raphaelites
Ford Madox Brown : Pre-Raphaelite pioneer
Pre-raphaelite women artists
Pre-Raphaelites : Victorian avant-garde
Ruskin, Turner and the pre-raphaelites
Rossetti and his circle : [Tate Gallery, London, 1997] / Elizabeth Prettejohn
Alfred Gilbert's aestheticism : Gilbert amongst Whistler, Wilde, Leighton, Pater and Burne-Jones
Lizzie Siddal : the tragedy of a Pre-Raphaelite supermodel
The Pre-Raphaelites / John Nicoll
"This collection of essays claims that a complex network of texts by critics, biographers and diarists established the credibility and influence of the Pre-Raphaelite movement. Throughout the twentieth century, Modernist taste failed to acknowledge the achievement of oppositional groupings such as the Pre-Raphaelites. The essays collected here, however, reveal that the British group anticipated later avant-gardes by using the written word to configure for itself a radical artistic identity."--BOOK JACKET.
Reading the Pre-Raphaelites
Masters of English landscape
The English Pre-Raphaelite painters : their associates and successors
Ruskin, Turner and the Pre-Raphaelites : Tate Britain, London, 9.3. - 28.5.2000 / Robert Hewison, Ian Warrel and Stephen Wildman
The Pre-Raphaelites
Victorian painters
Pre-Raphaelite vision : truth to nature : [Tate Britain, London, 12.2. - 3.5.2004 ...] / Allen Staley and Christopher Newall ; with contributions by Tim Batchelor, Alison Smith and Ian Warrell
The Cambridge companion to the Pre-Raphaelites
Poetry and the Pre-Raphaelite arts : Dante Gabriel Rossetti and William Morris
J. W. Waterhouse
The Pre-Raphaelites at home
Pre-Raphaelite masculinities : constructions of masculinity in art and literature
The Pre-Raphaelite landscape
Pre-Raphaelites : Victorian art and design
The letters of Christina Rossetti. Volume 1, 1843-1873
Victorian illustration : the Pre-Raphaelites, the idyllic school, and the high Victorians
Vision and difference : feminism, femininity and histories of art
The Pre-Raphaelites and their world / Rachel Barnes
Symbolism / Rodolphe Rapetti
Ford Madox Brown : a catalogue raisonné
Pre-Raphaelite drawing
Textual intersections : literature, history and the arts in nineteenth-century Europe
The art of the Pre-Raphaelites
The influence of pre-Raphaelitism on fin de siècle Italy : art, beauty and culture
The correspondence of Dante Gabriel Rossetti
William Morris : father of modern design and pattern
"Art, the embodied expression of man" : making and creating art and beauty in the Victorian Age
The Pre-Raphaelites : [Nationalmuseum, Stockholm, 26 February - 24 May 2009] / [catalogue editor: Mikael Ahlund]
