http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14171 domestic products
domestic products
Tiivistelmä: Consumer ethnocentrism among Russian and Finnish consumers : A comparative quantitative research focusing on the foodstuffs market.
What can the Finnish food chain be proud of? Views on value added factors in the Finnish food chain.
Usage of country-of-origin images in print advertising
Fiskamin värien synty = Fiskamin färgernas födelse = Fiskamin the birth of colours
Abstract: Trade policy and consumer prices of foodstuffs.
Finnish country image and its use via websites
Timber product markets in the UK
Apple preferences of Estonian consumers (n=336 in 2007 and 332 in2012) were determined regarding apple origin, production method and different quality attributes. The aim was to find out whether apple preferences of young people raised in a capitalistic system differ from older people raised in the Soviet Unionand also to determine if and how these preferences have changed over five years. The majority of the respondents preferred domestic apples (91% and 81% in 2007 and 2012, respectively), the main motivation being food safety: domestic apples were believed to contain fewer chemical residues. Apple taste was the most important quality attribute, followed by appearance which was rated equally important as health benefits and finally, price. Young people (<25 years) were significantly more indifferent towards apple origin compared to others. However, the preference for apple taste and colour was similar in all age groups. Over the five year period surveyed, the preference for domestic and organic apples had decreased, but taste and colour preference had remained unchanged.
Mutual recognition and the strategic use of international standards
Consumer ethnocentrism among Russian and Finnish consumers : A comparative quantitative research focusing on the foodstuffs market
"Trust weakens as distance grows" : Finnish results of the OMlaRD consumer focus group study on organic foods
Essays on environmental policy and strategic behavior in international trade
The effects of cosmopolitanism on Estonian and Slovenian consumer choice behavior of foreign versus domestic products
Product cues and their effects on product choice : evaluating the promotion possibilities of a Czech cooker on the Finnish market : a Mds perspective
Consumer preferences of apples in Estonia and changes in attitudes over five years
Marketing Finnish design in Japan
