http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14182 polar bear
polar bear
The agreement on the conservation of polar bears : its history and future
Polar bears : the natural history of a threatened species
Ice bear
Miki and the wishing star
Polar bears : wildlife paradise
Polar bear (Ursus maritimus) ecology and environmental considerations in the Canadian high arctic
Big bears in the wild
Snow bear sanctuary
Conservation value assessment and distribution of selected marine mammals in the northern Barents Sea
The ice bear
Timmy Failure. No. 3, We meet again
Arctic outbreak
Ted, Bo and Diz : the first adventure
Little polar bear and the brave little hare
Mercury in the hairs of polar bears
Ice bear : a natural and unnatural history of the polar bear
Foxe basin polar bear research program : 1985 field report
Timmy Failure. [1] : Mistakes were made
Little Mo
The magic sky
Timmy Failure. Mistakes were made
The biggest thing in the world
Inuit, polar bears, and sustainable use : local, national and international perspectives
Simon and the bear : a Hanukkah tale
Iris and Isaac
Love matters most
There's A Bear On My Chair
Timmy Failure. [2] : Now look what you've done
The last polar bears
The polar bear
Blown away
Never look a polar bear in the eye : a family field trip to the arctic's edge in search of adventure, truth, and mini-marshmallows
Wild ones :  a sometimes dismaying, weirdly reassuring story about looking at people looking at animals in America
Arctic biodiversity trends 2010 : selected indicators of change
Big bear little brother
Big bear little bear
The pesky polar bear
Baby animals : five stories of  endangered species
Timmy Failure. No. 5, The book you're not supposed to have
Ice in the jungle
Snow bear
The Melting Sea
The bear who went boo!
The greative book of soft toys
The evolution of the Polar Bear, Ursus maritumus Phipps
River of the lost bears
Research and management of polar bears Ursus maritimus
Pentti and the hungry polar bears
Polar bears
What about bear?
Hunting by indigenous peoples of charismatic mega-fauna : does human rights approach challenge the way hunting by indigenous peoples is regulated?
Fire in the sky
Foxe basin polar bear research program : 1987 field report
The world of the polar bear
Foxe basin polar bear research program : 1988 field report
River of lost bears
Learn about polar bear bodies, habits, and habitats.
Timmy Failure. 4 , Sanitized for your protection
Mark-recapture polar bear population estimates using tetracycline as a biomarker
Big bear, little brother
That's not my polar bear... : its ears are too soft
Hunting in Kangerlussuaq, East Greenland, 1951-1991 : an assessment of local knowledge
Ahoy there, little polar bear!
Powerful Polar Bears
Biggest thing in the world
Toklo, Kallik, Lusa, and Yakone trek onward toward the Melting Sea, the site of Kallik's traumatic cubhood--and prepare to be separated for the first time since their journey began
With all my heart
Island of shadows
Snow bears never lie
Something about a bear
Big bear, little bear
Polar law textbook 2
Timmy failure. [3] : We meet again
Effects of offshore petroleum operations on cold water marin mammals : a literature review
What's it like to be a baby polar bear?
Marine mammals : evolutionary biology
Welcome
Polar Bears
Forest of wolves
Fearsome hunters of the wild
Bears
Abundance, range and population biology of the polar bear (Ursus maritimus) in the Svalbard area
Spirits in the stars
Presents an introduction to the polar bear, discussing its evolution, physical characteristics, life cycle, predatory behavior, habitat, and the threats to its existence from global warming.
Realm of the great white bear
Great Bear lake
Little polar bear
Foxe basin polar bear research program : 1986 field report
The last wilderness
Polar bears : hot topic in cold climate
Polar bears : a complete guide to their biology and behavior
A flower in the snow
Blanche and Rocky
The quest begins
My father is a polar bear
Timmy Failure. No. 1 : Mistakes were made
The princess and the white bear king
