http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14132 reform schools
reform schools
The changing image of home economics : some ideas for the development of home economics education in schools and universities
Finnish preschool and first-grade children's use of media at home
The battle over homework : common ground for administrators, teachers, and parents
Parents as partners in schooling
Executive summary (s. 11-12).
Is school a better environment than home for digital game-based learning? : the case of Graphogame
Trap for women or freedom to choose? : The struggle over cash for child care schemes in Finland and Sweden
School, Culture and Well-Being ArctiChildren Research and Development Findings from Northern Finland, Sweden and Norway, and North-West Russia
Parent, student and teacher collaboration : the power of three
Abstract.
Working together for young children : multi-professionalism in action
Parents' perceptions and experiences of home and school cooperation in English teaching in the secondary school
Residential care for young people in Sweden : homes, staff and residents
What is it that makes some children bully and some become victims? What can you do if despite your best efforts, a child keeps on taunting another? What steps can you take before communicating with parents and what will you say? The practice of bullying endures in all schools today. Despite the implementation of bullying policies, parents and staff can be equally perplexed: not really understanding what they have or haven't done to allow it to happen. Christine Macintyre explores this highly emotive topic, asking why as many as one in 12 school children are bullying victims, and will show in a highly practical way, what can be done to support the children and help staff improve their own practice. This book will provide help and guidance on: enhancing the self-esteem of the affected children, showing how new-found confidence will enable children to offset the effects of being bullied or indeed being a bully; how to tell parents their child is bullying or being bullied, and how to build up a meaningful and mutually supportive relationship with them; and, creating a learning environment that prevents the desire for children to bully. Based on case studies giving first hand accounts of real-life situations, and evaluations of strategies that have been tried and tested, this book suggests fresh and inspiring ways of tackling a problem faced by many practitioners today.
Collaborate or compete? : educational partnerships in a market economy
Developing a networked school community : a guide to realising the vision
Methods for educating the handicapped : an individualized education program approach
Community schooling and the nature of power : the battle for Croxteth Comprehensive
Children and bullying : how parents and educators can reduce bullying at school
The hidden gallery
Including parents? : education, citizenship, and parental agency
Development of literacy in kindergarten and primary school
Parent partnerships in the early years
Department of animal breeding and genetics : organization and activities
The institutional processes of the approved schools in Southern Nigeria and Sweden : A comparative approach
They do it with mirrors
The acquisition of early reading skills : the influence of the home environment in Lusaka, Zambia
After grace - teeth : A comparative study of the residential experience of boys in approved schools
Daughters of penitence : Vuorela State Reform School and the construction of reformatory identity, 1893-1923
Helping children get the most out of school
Absent with cause : lessons of truancy
Psychiatric symptoms and their recognition in adolescents institutionalized for behavior problems
Partnership in the primary school
Learning unlimited : using homework to engage your child's natural style of intelligence
Fostering the relationship between home and school : a case study of a senior secondary school in the Gambia
Kindergarten architecture : space for the imagination
Perusterveydenhuolto 2013 = Primärvård 2013 = Primary health care services 2013
Does income disregard work? : The struggle over cash for child care schemes in Finland and Sweden
Adolescents with substance use disorder at reform schools are severely maladjusted
PEB compendium of exemplary educational facilities
The interrupted tale
The institutional processes of the approved schools in Southern Nigeria and Sweden : a comparative approach
How to raise an amazing child  : the Montessori way to bring up caring, confident children
Executive summary (s. 9-12).
Karkailun ongelma = The problem of runaways
Schools and social work
The supernaturalist
Learning to go to school in Japan : the transition from home to preschool life
Ready for what? : constructing meanings of readiness for kindergarten
Parents and preschool
I was #87 : a deaf woman's ordeal of misdiagnosis, institutionalization, and abuse
Co-operation between school and family : (prerequisites, implementations, problems)
Collaborative teaming
Society and the teacher's role
Psychiatric disorders, behavioural and family problems and neuropsychological disabilities are common among adolescent reform school students
Class work : mothers' involvement in their children's primary schooling
Rethinking family-school relations: a critique of parental involvement in schooling
Perusterveydenhuolto 2012 = Primärvård 2012 = Primary health care services 2012
Abstract: The placement on a reform school - the second change for an adolescent? : psychiatric disorders, learning disabilities and problems in the family as a challenge of treatment.
This study investigated how the use of an online reading game differs in home and school environments. First and second graders (N = 194) participated in an 8-week training during which they used the reading program GraphoGame either at home or at school under the supervision of parents or teachers. Child participants were recommended by parents and teachers recruited from the list of GraphoGame users, and adults decided whether the training took place at home or at school. We measured the frequency and duration of playing, children's engagement, development of reading skill and reading interest, and adult supportive involvement. The results revealed that children who played GraphoGame at school showed higher engagement and used it more frequently than players at home. Although teachers were more involved in the children's playing than were parents, only parental involvement was significantly associated with a child's engagement during training and the child's learning outcomes.
Interrelation between close teacher-student relationships and engagement : the case of Finnish preschools
Summary: Structural, functional and social aspects of home-school cooperation.
Family involvement in literacy : effective partnerships in education
Annus socialis Fenniae 2000
Preschool in three cultures : Japan, China, and the United States
Residential treatment of emotionally disturbed children
Wasting girls' time : the history and politics of home economics
Children in their learning environments : theoretical perspectives
Yhteenveto (Summary)
How should we approach homework?
Diversity in residential care and treatment for young people in Sweden
Constructing reformatory identity : girls' reform school education in Finland, 1893-1923
Family and school partnership in a function of strenghtening individual upbringing work
Bauen für Kinder = building for children
School, culture and well-being : ArctiChildren research and development findings from northern Finland, Sweden and Norway, and north-west Russia
Smart technology in smart use : UAS Master symposium IV : proceedings
Finnish parent's experiences and wishes regarding home-school collaboration
The Oxford history of the prison : the practice of punishment in Western society
Homeless borstal boys : a study of their aftercare and after-conduct
Bullying and young children : understanding the issues and tackling the problem
Brief intervention for school problems : collaborating for practical solutions
Literacy, home and school : research and practice in teaching literacy with parents
Parents, gender and education reform
Arts-based methods in child welfare : towards own space and experiences.
Homework and study support : a guide for teachers and parents
Ammattioppilaitosten ruokapalvelujen logistiikan kehittäminen = A development of logistics of food service at vocational institutes
By focusing on one particular re-education institution, this book offers a multifaceted analysis of practices of diagnosis and curing what was defined as «delinquency, criminality or disorderly behaviour at the turn of the twentieth century. The study provides an important corrective to the existing accounts of re-education by proposing an approach in which institutional practices are analysed both from above and from below. The book draws attention to the process of reforming identities - the construction of reformatory identities - as the core of residential re-education. Special emphasis is placed on the interplay of notions of gender and social background. The book is based on extensive archival research drawing from a wide range of new and neglected sources. The primary material includes a unique collection of documents produced by the girls of the Vuorela State Reform School in Finland. Narrative analysis of correspondence, and careful scrutiny of the official sources created for re-educational purposes, form a basis for the investigation of the interaction between pupils' own self-expression and the aims of re-education in the construction of reformed identities. The practices developed in Finland are carefully contextualised in the European history of re-education.
Investing in home-preschool collaboration for understanding social worlds of multilingual children
Human dignity in the learning environment : testing a sociological paradigm for a diversity-positive milieu with school starters
Learning from violence : the youth dimension : contributions to the researchers' seminar, Budapest, October 2002 = Apprendre de la violence : dimension jeunesse : contributions au séminaire de chercheurs, Budapest , octobre 2002
He who fears the wolf
Parents who teach : stories from home and from school
Multicultural issues in school psychology
The nowhere girls
The Complete Book of the Horse
Parents and their children's schools
Bringing the Montessori approach to your early years practice
