http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1413 tank lorries
tank lorries
Significant ships of 2013
Recent development of exposure to gasoline in the distribution chain
Stability of tank vehicles
Vaarallisten aineiden kuljetussäiliöt = Tanks for the transport of dangerous goods. Osa 1, Säiliöt = Tanks
Exposure of tanker drivers to gasoline and some of its components
Returnable transport item management with RFID in automotive industry
Significant ships of 2009
Automotive companies are facing a costly problem due to the lack of visibility on RTIs delivering auto components in the supply chains. In auto-industry, RTIs can be very expensive and there have been researches pointing out that auto-manufacturers spend huge amount of money annually to replace the lost and damaged RTIs. Nowadays, Radio Frequency Identification is a form of wireless identification technology used to uniquely enhance the accuracy of data collection and identification of items. Confidex, as the commissioner of this thesis, has been developing and manufacturing RFID products to improve significantly RTI management in automotive industry. Due to the fact there had not been such a comprehensive market study on the area and RFID applications have been developed at significantly fast pace, in this thesis an analysis of automotive industry returnable transport item management with RFID in the supply chain was conducted. The main goal is to provide commissioning company with better knowledge on the area in order to forecast the market needs and develop its RFID products. Both primary research such as in-depth interviews with companies and secondary research on published articles, company reports, company portfolios, etc. were utilized in this thesis. The collected data was analysed using thematic method. In automotive industry, OEMs and Tier 1 suppliers expressed the necessity of better control over RTIs with RFID solution. It is evident there is very low existing usage of RFID in automotive RTI management. Apart from a few early RFID adopters, it is popular within automotive industry that companies have limited or no experience in using RFID in RTI management. However, positively there can be seen a tendency to approach the technology, to calculate the savings RFID would bring in reusable container management, to investigate the challenges, to test and even to expand RFID usage between parties in automotive supply chain. This creates much space and demand for RFID solution providers to offer products and services to improve RTI management process in automotive industry in the near future. Throughout the thesis, thesis writer presented some potential business cases in particular companies by means of RFID challenges and expectations revealed by the experts from those companies. Appendix 1, as confidential material of the thesis, has been excluded from the public report.
Big rigs : on the road with the world's best semi trucks
Changes in neuropsychological symptoms and moods among tanker drivers exposed to gasoline during a work week
Significant ships of 2014
Neuropsychological symptoms among tanker drivers exposed to gasoline
Exposure of gasoline road-tanker drivers to methyl tert-butyl ether and methyl tert-amyl ether
The illustrated encyclopedia of tractors & trucks : The ultimate world reference with over 1,500 photographs
Summary.
The Safety Design Research of a LNG Carrier Vehicle
Significant ships of 2007
Significant ships of 2010
Significant ships of 2008
Application of RFID technology in terminal operations of an oil refinery : Neste Oil Corporation
Significant ships of 2011
This bachelor's thesis was commissioned by Neste Oil Corporation that is a leading supplier of the traffic fuels and lubricants in Finland. The aim was to do a preliminary study on the possible RFID (Radio Frequency Identification) technology application for  the Naantali's terminal. The main objective of this thesis was to improve the safety at the Naantali refinery's terminal area by using the RFID technology. The research has been limited to include only tank truck identification at the terminal area and the terminal parking lot. The challenge was to find a suitable RFID system for the demanding environment of the oil refinery. This thesis consists of the basics and operating principles of the RFID technology. Safety is a very important factor in oil refinery. The special requirements of the environment, such as possible explosive atmospheres and other safety issues have been taken into consideration in the study. Current operations at the terminal have been researched and taken into consideration when thinking about the RFID application. The recommendations for the RFID application have been made according to the requirements that have been recognized during the research. Two different system suppliers and their products have been suggested. Although, the final decision on the system can only be made after the field tests for the readers and tags. Conclusion of this research is that by implementing the RFID system the safety at the terminal can be improved and the system would also be financially and operationally beneficial to implement.
Rubbish truck
