http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14172 ruins
ruins
Lost cities : 50 discoveries in world archaeology
Places of power : the aesthetics of technology
Nubian Twilight
Mysterious places
Sacred earth, sacred stones
The aerial atlas of ancient Crete
Forbidden places : exploring our abandoned heritage
Map of San Lorenzo : an Olmec site in Veracruz, Mexico
Industrial ruins : spaces, aesthetics and materiality
The Vijayanagara Metropolitan Survey. Vol. 1
Ruins of modernity
Antiquities of the Mesa Verde national park : Spruce-tree House
Book review : [The burial cairns and the landscape in the archipelago of Åboland, SW Finland, in the Bronze Age and the Iron Age]
Bryophyte flora in three historical man-made habitats in southern Finland
Ancient Ireland
Beauty in decay II
Conservation of ruins
20th-century architecture. 7 : Finland
The burial cairns and the landscape in the archipelago of Åboland, SW Finland, in the Bronze Age and the Iron Age
The incas and Machu Picchu
From fires to ghosts, and from flowers to surrealist apparitions, the bombsites of London were both unsettling and inspiring terrains. Yet throughout the years prior to the Second World War, British culture was already filled with ruins and fragments. They appeared as content, with visions of tottering towers and scraps of paper; and also as form, in the shapes of broken poetics. But from the outbreak of the Second World War what had been an aesthetic mode began to resemble a proleptic template. During that conflict many modernist writers - such as Graham Greene, Louis MacNeice, David Jones, J. F. Hendry, Elizabeth Bowen, T. S. Eliot and Rose Macaulay - engaged with devastated cityscapes and the altered lives of a nation at war. To understand the potency of the bombsites, both in the Second World War and after, Reading the Ruins brings together poetry, novels and short stories, as well as film and visual art.
Šarkamen (Eastern Serbia) : a tetrarchic imperial palace : the memorial complex
Aarteenetsijät : kohteena antiikin Kreikka : National Geographic = Glories of ancient Aegean
The English castle, 1066-1650
Rubble : the afterlife of destruction
Exploring the ancient world : a guide to the most outstanding historical wonders ever built
The atlas of lost cities : legendary cities rediscovered
High Dam over Nubia
Beauty in decay
Giovanni Battista Piranesi : a critical study : with a list of his published works and detailed catalogues of the prisons and the views of Rome / by Arthur M. Hind
Hubert Robert : the pleasure of ruins : Wildenstein, New York, November 15 - December 16, 1988
Imperial debris : on ruins and ruination
The ruined cities of Mashonaland : being a record of excavation and exploration in 1891
Reading the ruins : modernism, bombsites and British culture
Varemed = Ruins
Hampi ruins : described and illustrated
From coast to coast, the English landscape is still richly studded with castles both great and small. This is a riveting architectural study that sets this legion of buildings in historical context, tracing their development from the Norman Conquest in 1066 through the civil wars of the 1640s.
Lost Europe : images of a vanished world
Lost cities of the ancient world
The ancient ruins of Rhodesia : Monomotapae imperium
Abandoned futures : a journey to the posthuman world
Fiesole archeologica = Archeology in Fiesole
River of destiny
Pompeii and Herculaneum : the living cities of the dead
Angkor : heart of an Asian empire
Reports of the Norwegian archaeological expedition to Easter Island and the East Pacific. 1, Archaeology of Easter Island
Moments in between : pictures from former Yugoslavia / bilder från forna Jugoslavien
Anselm Kiefer : dein und mein Alter und das Alter der Welt = your age and mine and the age of the world : [Gagosian Gallery , New York, 24 January - 28 February, 1998] / [edited by Heiner Bastian]
Does allelopathy have a role in the ecology of Chenopodium murale?
Stonehenge : mysteries of the stones and landscape
Obsolete objects in the literary imagination : ruins, relics, rarities, rubbish, uninhabited places, and hidden treasures
Vēsturisko drupu konservācijas problēmas : Starptautiskā simpozija un konferences materiāli = The problems of historical ruin conservation
Futures & ruins : eighteenth century Paris and the art of Hubert Robert
Pathfinder flip-mat : Desert ruins
Antiquities of the Mesa Verde national park : Cliff palace
Pleasure of ruins
George Petrie (1790-1866) : the rediscovery of Ireland's past / [exhibition curator Peter Murray ; essays by Joep Leerssen and Tom Dunne]
Horns
Echoes of forgotten places : urban exploration, industral archaeology and the aesthetics of decay
Monuments of the Incas
Pathfinder flip-mat : Lost city
Yuanmingyuan = the Yuanmingyuan
The social archaeology of residential sites : Hungarian noble residences and their social context from the thirteenth through to the sixteenth century : an outline for methodology
Exploring our national parks and monuments
The least of all possible evils : humanitarian violence from Arendt to Gaza
Fortifications, post-colonialism and power : ruins and imperial legacies
Delphi and its history
The principle of the lesser evil -- the acceptability of pursuing one exceptional course of action in order to prevent a greater injustice -- has long been a cornerstone of Western ethical philosophy. From its roots in classical ethics and Christian theology, to Hannah Arendt's exploration of the work of the Jewish Councils during the Nazi regime, the author explores its development in three key transformations of the problem: the defining intervention of Medecins Sans Frontisres in mid-1980s in Ethiopia ; the separation wall in Israel-Palestine ; and international and human rights law in Bosnia, Gaza and Iraq. Drawing on a wealth of new research, the author charts the latest manifestation of this age-old idea. In doing so he shows how military and political intervention acquired a new humanitarian acceptability and legality in the late twentieth and early twenty-first centuries.
Bible of the dead
Ruins : their preservation and display
Ruins and fragments : tales of loss and rediscovery
Soviet Ghosts : The Soviet Union Abandoned: A Communist Empire in Decay
Dansk folkemuseum & Frilandsmuseet : history & activities. Axel Steensberg in honour of his 60th birthday, 1st June 1966.
Surveying historic buildings
Industrial ruination, community, and place : landscapes and legacies of urban decline
