http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1414 Church Slavic language
Church Slavic language
The Curzon Gospel
The lives of SS. Constantine-Cyril and Methodius : two hagiographic works in honour of the Slavic apostles
Synonymous use of synthetical and analytical rection in old church Slavonic verbs
An introduction to Old Church Slavic
Evangelium cyrillicum gothoburgense : a codicological, palaeographical, textological and linguistic study of a Church Slavonic tetraevangel
Handbook of Old Church Slavonic. Part II : Texts and glossary
Handbook of old Church Slavonic. Part I : Old Church Slavonic grammar
Problems of Proto-Slavic historical nominal morphology on the basis of old church Slavic
Old Church Slavonic
Indexy k staroslověnskému slovníku = Ukazateli k staroslavânskomu slovarû = Indexes to the old church slavonic dictionary
Problems of Proto-Slavic historical nominal morphology : on the basis of Old Church Slavic
On Church Slavonic accentuation : the accentuation of a Russian Church Slavonic Gospel manuscript from the fifteenth century
Christianity and the Eastern Slaves. Vol. 1, Slavic cultures in the Middle Ages
Handbook of Old Church Slavonic. 2, Texts and glossary
Old Church Slavonic (Old Bulgarian) - Middle Greek - modern English dictionary
Russian and Church Slavonic books, 1701-1800 in United Kingdom libraries : a list with bibliographical references, locations, notes and indices
Material towards the compilation of a concise Old Church Slavonic-English dictionary
Intends to clarify some of the context for the expansion of Western Europe by focusing on what had been the greatest power in early medieval Europe, the Byzantine empire, and on the strengths and expansion of the Orthodox world.
The 'Latin' within the 'Greek' : the feast of the Holy Eucharist in the context of Ruthenian eastern rite liturgical evolution in the 16th-18th centuries
The language and verse of Russia : in honor of Dean S. Worth on his sixty-fifth birthday = Âzyk i stih v Rossii
Sermons and rhetoric of Kievan Rus'
Europe - Evropa : cross-cultural dialogue between the west, Russia and Southeastern Europe
Croatian glagolitic epigraphy
Historical and comparative lexicology of the slavonic languages
A selection of ancient Slav literary monuments : incorporating monumenta minora palaeobulgaricae
The hagiography of Kievan Rus'
Psalterium Sinaiticum : an 11th century Glagolitic manuscript from St. Catherine's Monastery, Mt. Sinai = Sinajski psaltir : glagolski rakopis od XI vek od Manastirot Sv. Katerina na Sinaj
Writing, society and culture in early Rus, c. 950-1300
Towards a critical edition of the old Slavic New Testament : a transparent and heuristic approach
The New York Missal : a paleographic and phonetic analysis
The Old Rus' Kievan and Galician-Volhynian chronicles : the Ostroz'kyj (Xlebnikov) and Četvertyns'kyj (Pogodin) codices = Starorus'kì kiïvs'kì ì Galic'ko-Volins'kì lìtopisi : Ostroz'kij spisok (Hlebnìkovs'kij) ì spisok Četvertins'kogo (Pogodìns'kij)
In search of a predecessor to a Ruthenian tetraevangel
A Slavo-Bulgarian history : a facsimile of the original Zograph manuscript draft (1762)
An introduction to the study of the Slavonic languages. Vol. 2
An introduction to old church Slavic
Historical and apocalyptic literature in Byzantium and medieval Bulgaria
Modality in Slavonic languages : new perspectives
An index to the compound words in Flavius Josephus' Peri tou'Iourhaikou polemou in its Greek and Old Slavonic versions
Old church Slavonic : an elementary grammar
Life, courage, ice : a semiological essay on the old Russian biography of Aleksandr Nevskij
An introduction to the study of the Slavonic languages
Social and economic life in Byzantium
Church Slavonic books in Sweden : Gothenburg and Skara : catalogue
Topics in the history of Russian
Synonymous use of synthetical and analytical rection in Old Church Slavonic verbs
The Volokolamsk paterikon : a window on a Muscovite monastery
Ukraine between East and West : essays on cultural history to the early eighteenth century
Slavonic parchment fragments in Sweden. 1, Paroemiarion, Triodion, Psalter : a text edition
Old Church Slavonic grammar
The Slavonic translation of the Apocryphal Infancy Gospel of Thomas
The expansion of orthodox Europe : Byzantium, the Balkans and Russia
The Slavonic languages
Slavic Scriptures : the formation of the Church Slavonic version of the Holy Bible
On translation from Latin into Church Slavonic
