http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14209 pluralism
pluralism
The many voices of the Bible
An introduction to ethnic conflict
Meaning and method in the social sciences : a case for methodological pluralism
On exit : interdisciplinary perspectives on the right of exit in liberal multicultural societies
Pluralism in philosophy : changing the subject
Speculative evaluations : essays on a pluralistic universe
The Bible and contemporary culture
Christianity for the twenty-first century
The depth of the riches : a Trinitarian theology of religious ends
Multicultural education in theory and practice. The Africa theme project in the lower elementary training school in Oulu
Multiculturalism and "The politics of recognition" : an essay
Introducing theologies of religions
This collection of essays presents arguments in the ongoing debate among social and political philosophers regarding the nature and relationship of liberty and equality and their potential conflict in a pluralistic society. The contributors explore the ways by which we may achieve a just society.
We teach them all : teachers writing about diversity
Walk humbly with the Lord : church and mission engaging plurality
This book explores the philosophical, legal, and theological roots of Western multiculturalism, that is, the encounter and coexistence of different cultures within a liberal society. Rather than concerning themselves with the particulars of cultural dialogue, the authors of this volume go deeper and question the very reality of "multiculturalism" itself. As a whole the volume devotes attention to the origins of human nature, arguing that regardless of how different another person or culture seems to be, universal human experience discloses what it means to be human and to relate to others and to God. The contributors represent different cultures and faith traditions but are united in friendship and in the conviction that the Christian faith enables an authentic approach to long-standing debates on multiculturalism. -- Review: Peter Casarella-- University of Notre Dame Antonio LOpez and Javier Prades merit high praise for this fascinating volume. . . . The distinguished contributors represent diverse Euro-American standpoints, but all wish to re-propose a transcendent and lasting vision of cultural diversity. Those who move quickly to defend or repudiate multiculturalism' will be forced to rethink their presuppositions. . . . I cannot think of a more necessary or creative project than the one undertaken in these pages. William L. Portier-- University of Dayton Refreshing. . . . This volume deserves a wide readership and promises to provoke reappraisal of contemporary discourses of multiculturalism in church and academy. "
Being religious interreligiously : Asian perspectives on interfaith dialogue
Cultural diversity sourcebook : getting real about diversity
Beyond the borders : American literature and post-colonial theory
Regulating contracts
The meeting of religions and the Trinity
Going against the flow : an exercise in ethical syncretism
The state's religious education policies are part of the public negotiation of the role of religion in society. During the second half of the twentieth century, the state's education policy has been increasingly influential in the realm of religious education in schools. This development is instructive for the social analysis of religion in contemporary societies for two reasons: First, it offers insights into the politics of religion, and second, it reveals that the state's decisions on school politics touch on religious issues. The authors of this volume analyse the social significance of the state's activities concerning school religious education classes. The contributions deal with case studies from Armenia, Denmark, Germany, France, Italy, Iran, Canada, Sweden, Switzerland and Turkey. The authors scrutinise three aspects of the state's politics: First, the role of the state's politics of religion; second, the attitude and reaction of religious communities towards the state's policies; and third, the influence of public religion-and-state discourses on the religious education politics. --Publisher's description.
Pluralist theology : the emerging paradigm
Transnational America : cultural pluralist thought in the twentieth century
Politics in plural societies : a theory of democratic instability
The liberal political tradition : contemporary reappraisals
Pluralism and law : proceedings of the 20th IVR World Congress, Amsterdam, 2001 : Volume 4: Legal reasoning
The Old Testament, Christianity and pluralism
This book provides a sustained, critical and theological engagement with arguably the most crucial aspect of contemporary society - its diversity. The author finds in the social theory of Isaiah Berlin a number of fruitful ways to reframe the debate over these questions, and to contribute to a more positive conversation regarding our fundamental differences. The book focuses particularly on Berlin's critique of monism and idealistic utopianism, arguing that pluralism does not represent a failure in the nature of human society, but a superabundance of possibilities in a created world grounded in the character of God. Bringing Berlin's thought into conversation with other social theorists, philosophers and Christian theologians, the book provides leaders and members of faith communities with a viable model to move beyond tolerance as mere forbearance to a grace which consists of respect and radical acceptance of others.
Shared learning in a plural world : ecumenical approaches to inter-religious education
The divine symphony : the Bible's many voices
Pluralism and liberal democracy
Secularism or democracy? : associational governance of religious diversity
The bias of pluralism
The development of pluralism in modern Britain and France
Christianity and religious plurality
Journeys in design : exploring issues in designing across cultures
Center : ideas and institutions
Increasing multicultural understanding
Figments of reality : the evolution of the curious mind
Religious pluralism in America : the contentious history of a founding ideal
Dirty hands : Christian ethics in a morally ambigiuous world
Polydoxy : theology of multiplicity and relation
Deliberative democracy and the plural polity
Between relativism and fundamentalism : religious resources for a middle position
Religion in a pluralistic age : proceedings of the Third International Conference on Philosophical Theology
Pluralism, socialism, and political legitimacy : reflections on opening up communism
Poverty and place : ghettos, barrios, and the American city
Racism, class and the racialized outsider
Pluralism in the Middle Ages : hybrid identities, conversion, and mixed marriages in medieval Iberia
Concepts of law : comparative, jurisprudential, and social science perspectives
Making all things new : dialogue, pluralism and evangelization in Asia
Polycentricity : the multiple scenes of law
Religious education in a world of religious diversity
The Ethos of Pluralization
After pluralism : towards an interreligious ethic
Mapping research trends in diversity and immigration : examing the AERA 2010 conference as a priviledged site of knowledge production
Religious pluralism and unbelief : studies critical and comparative
General principles of European private law and the theory of legal pluralism
The politics of accommodation : pluralism and democracy in the Netherlands
The many faces of religious truth : Hilary Putnam's pragmatic pluralism on religion
Dutch pluralism : a model in tolerance for developing democracies
Christianity in crisis?
"Though women have been objects more often than subjects of interreligious dialogue, they have nevertheless contributed in significant ways to the dialogue, just as the dialogue has also contributed to their own self-understanding. This volume, the fifth in the Interreligious Dialogue Series, brings together historical, critical, and constructive approaches to the role of women in the dialogue between religions. These approaches deal with concrete examples of women's involvement in dialogue, critical reflections on the representation of women in dialogue, and the important question of what women might bring to the dialogue. Together, they open up new avenues for reflection on the nature and purpose of interreligious dialogue."--Page 4 of cover.
Asian public theology : critical concerns in challenging times
The problem of value pluralism permeates modern political philosophy. Its presence can be felt even when it is not explicitly the central topic under investigation. Political thinkers such as Max Weber, Isaiah Berlin and Stuart Hampshire derive pessimistic, sometimes tragic, conclusions from their reflections upon pluralism.
The two faces of liberalism
Education in conflict
Pluralism in comparative perspective
Imperfection and impartiality : a liberal theory of social justice
Postmodern pluralism and concepts of totality : The Twenty-fourth Wisconsin Workshop
The advent of pluralism : diversity and conflict in the age of Sophocles
Living with diversity
Pluralist democracy in the United States : conflict and consent
Abstract: Pluralism in comparative perspective.
Ordering pluralism : a conceptual framework for understanding the transnational legal world
The One, the Three and the Many : god, creation and the culture of modernity : the 1992 Bampton Lectures
While until quite recently debates in political philosophy on questions of pluralism, tolerance, and liberal governance foregrounded notions of culture and cultural difference, today it is religion that increasingly provides the historical and conceptual resources for the contemporary reassessment of the pragmatic and philosophical conditions for pluralist democracy. Drawing on a few recent writings in the field of political theology, this paper explores some of the analytical directions that this repositioning of religion within contemporary narratives of modernity has opened up within political philosophy. As I seek to demonstrate, the domain of political theology has become the problem space, where the tensions and contradictions between a simultaneous insistence on Europe's secular identity and its Christian one are being elaborated. Through a ceratin double movement, secularism and Christianity have become productively fused within the writings I address, in a way that repeats the story of European exeptionality while inscribing the essential otherness of the Muslim populations within its borders. In the second part of the paper, I want to contrast these reflections from political philosophy with debates in postcolonial Egypt around issues of religion and the possibility of democratic pluralism.
The faces of the other : Religious rivalry and ethnic encounters in the later Roman world
Incorrigible plurality : teaching pastoral theology in an ecumenical context
The liberal archipelago : a theory of diversity and freedom
The pluralistic predicament
Routledge international handbook of diversity studies
The Economics of Cultural Diversity
A confessing theology for postmodern times
When faiths collide
Rethinking Europe
Contemporary India
Genealogies of difference
Hierarchy and pluralism : living religious difference in Catholic Poland
Constitutional pluralism in the EU
Theology : expanding the borders
Retrieving origins and the claim of multiculturalism
Teachers responding to religious diversity in Europe : researching biography and pedagogy
Signposts : policy and practice for teaching about religions and non-religious world views in intercultural education
No other Gospel! : Christianity among the world's religions
Christians and religious pluralism : patterns in the Christian theology of religions
Media and social inequality : innovations in community structure research
The architectonics of meaning : foundations of the new pluralism
One faith? : non-realism and the world of faiths
Religious pluralism in South Asia and Europe
Reading for difference : texts on gender, race and class
The law's farewell to the nation state?
Our contemporary culture is dominated by two extremes relativism and fundamentalism. Neither is desirable: relativism claims that all questions of truth are irrelevant, whereas fundamentalism insists on sole possession of absolute truth. Internationally renowned sociologist of religion Peter Berger has gathered a group of scholars to consider how, from out of different traditions, one can define a middle position between both extremes. / After an extensive introductory overview by Berger, three essays (sociological descriptions) give an objective picture of how relativism and fundamentalism play out in todays world. In the second part (theological directions) authors from several different Christian traditions and one conservative Jewish tradition flesh out a normative middle ground that is neither relativist they affirm specific truth claims nor fundamentalist their affirmations include tolerance of the claims of others.
Sociological perspectives on law. Vol. 2, Contemporary debates
Nature of sexuality education in pluralistic society: challenges and goals of intercultural sexuality education in Finnish education system
Religious pluralism and Lutheran theology : papers and report from an LWF-sponsored working group, Geneva, Switzerland, October/November 1986
The experience of faith
The pluralist and possibilist aspect of the scientific enterprise
"This fascinating text introduces readers to postcolonial theory using the context of British media culture in ethnic minority communities to explain key ideas and debates. Each chapter considers a specific media output and uses a wealth of examples to offer an absorbing insight into postcolonial media for all students of cultural and media studies".
Malaysia : the making of a nation
The spirit of things : materiality and religious diversity in Southeast Asia
Dialogues in the philosophy of religion
Lost and found in translation : contemporary ethnic American writing and the politics of language diversity
The future of religious freedom : global challenges
This collection of essays engages the basic themes of the five-year, joint research project (GOA) The Normativity of History. The project brought together specialists in the areas of Church History and Systematic Theology to investigate questions of truth and tradition in light of their varying expertise. The thematic scope of this volume includes questions concerning tradition and its development, the present context of plurality and its challenges for discerning a theological epistemology of tradition-bound truth, and the challenges of religious diversity for contemporary theology. As a whole, these reflections suggest that the force and weight of history must be adequately accounted for when attempting to answer theological questions in a manner that does justice to a tradition that is very much embedded in and shaped by the complexities manifest in its living and at times, ambiguous history.
The book Asian Public Theology is inspired by the vision that the response to the multifarious problems facing this continent needs a reflection in public along with many partners; it may not be responded to by conventional or dominant theologies pursued within narrow confines. This book takes up issues of public concern in Asia, examines them with the help of many disciplines and reflects on them in the light of the humanistic vision and values of Christian message. It is a theology that is open to all religious traditions and secular ideologies which are also challenged by the critical issues of this continent. At a time when more and more people are drawn into the null spaces of social insensitivity and seduced by the glitz and glamour of globalisation and its consumerism, public theology as a critical intervention, takes on a prophetic character. Asian Public Theology acknowledges the agency of the subalterns, affirms their ethical sense, inspires courage and evokes hope in them to build a different Asia. This book also discusses the human and ethical responsibility of all to take up the cause of the marginalised.
Spheres of justice : a defense of pluralism and equality
After Rescher: pluralism as preferentialism
Truth in context : an essay on pluralism and objectivity
Faith and interfaith in a global age
This book will attempt, through an in-depth investigation of eight private schools, representing a wide variety of traditions (including non-sectarian as well as sectarian schools), to show how schools are telling reflections of the changing religious landscape of our country. It will also seek to demonstrate that these schools are important guideposts in the process of understanding that landscape, and how institutions with a clear commitment can embrace a pluralistic constituency. The degree to which they are able to balance both tradition and contemporary reality can teach us a great deal about not only how to be more fluent in our religious literacy, but how to be better citizens in an increasingly complex world.
Rediscovering America's sacred ground : public religion and pursuit of the good in a pluralistic America
The governance of legal pluralism : empirical studies from Africa and beyond
Kultura e bashkëjetesës = A culture of peaceful coexistence
Religious education in a plural western society : problems and challenges
On the plurality of actual worlds
Between totalitarianism and pluralism
Critical understanding : the powers and limits of pluralism
Philosophical papers and letters
Interculturalism in North America : Canada, the United States, Mexico, and beyond
Liberty, equality, and plurality
The morality of pluralism
Pluralism and the religions : the theological and political dimensions
"A broad-ranging introduction to politics and society in India, set in a historical and cultural context. Written by two expert authors it assumes no prior knowledge but aims to provide a balanced and nuanced understanding of the key issues that have faced India since independence and the challenges it confronts in the 21st century"--Provided by publisher.
John Hick's theology of religions : a critical evaluation
Religious education politics, the state, and society
Pluralism : developments in the theory and practice of democracy
Rethinking media pluralism : a critique of theories and policy discourses
City of 201 gods : Ilé-Ifẹ̀ in time, space, and the imagination
The hybrid church in the city : third space thinking
In this study of the relationship between a modern philosophical idea and an ancient historical moment, Lauren Apfel explores how the notion of pluralism, made famous by Isaiah Berlin, features in the Classical Greek world and, more specifically, in the thought of three of its most prominent figures: Protagoras, Herodotus, and Sophocles.
Religious difference and democratic pluralism : some recent debates and frameworks
Diversity as liberation (II) : introducing a new understanding of diversity
Marxism, pluralism and beyond : classic debates and new departures
Civil rights and social wrongs : black-white relations since World War II
The limits of liberal multiculturalism : towards an individuated approach to cultural diversity
Discovering difference : contemporary essays in American culture
"In recent years the concept of 'diversity' has gained a leading place in academic thought, business practice and public policy worldwide. Although variously used, 'diversity' tends to refer to patterns of social difference in terms of certain key categories. Today the foremost categories shaping discourses and policies of diversity include race, ethnicity, religion, gender, disability, sexuality and age; further important notions include class, language, locality, lifestyle and legal status. The Routledge Handbook of Diversity Studies will examine a range of such concepts along with historical and contemporary cases concerning social and political dynamics surrounding them. With contributions by experts spanning Sociology, Anthropology, Political Science, History and Geography, the Handbook will be a key resource for students, social scientists and professionals. It will represent a landmark volume within a field that has become, and will continue to be, one of the most significant global topics of concern throughout the twenty-first century"--
Love meets wisdom : a Christian experience of Buddhism
The decolonizing pen : cultural diversity and the transnational imaginary in Rushdie's fiction
Polyethnicity and national unity in world history : the Donald G. Creighton lectures, 1985
Interminority affairs in the U.S : pluralism at the crossroads
Intercultural dialogue : in search of harmony in diversity
Islam and the secular state : negotiating the future of Shariʻa
Thinking through our faith : theology for 21st century Christians
Strong evaluation without sources : on Charles Taylor's philosophical anthropology and cultural moral realism
This, the fifty-first volume of Studies in Church History, takes as its theme 'Christianity and Religious Plurality'. The focus is on exploring the practical experience of Christians, who have often existed in a world of manifold belief systems and religious practices. Under the Presidency of Professor John Wolffe, the summer conference and winter volume brought together a fascinating series of lectures and communications, a selection of which are collected in this peer-reviewed volume. Three main areas of engagement emerge: contexts where Christianity was a minority faith, whether in the earliest years of the church, in the Mongol empire of the thirteenth century or under Ottoman rule in the fifteenth, or in contemporary Iraq, Egypt and Indonesia; responses to religious minorities in predominantly Christian societies, such as early-modern Malta or nineteenth- and twentieth-century London; and finally, Christian encounters with other religions in situations where no single tradition was obviously dominant. Offering an unusual perspective on Christian encounters with other faiths, this volume will appeal to students of religious studies and those interested in the cultural contexts in which Christianity has existed - and indeed continues to exist.
Transnational Americas : envisioning inter-American area studies in globalization processes
The territorial dispute of power in Europe VI = La répartition territoriale du pouvoir en Europe VI. 2, Pluralism through international human rights documents : a substitute for constitutional rulings?
Risking Christ for Christ's sake
Homeschooling, freedom of conscience, and the school as republican sanctuary: an analysis of arguments representing polar conceptions of the secular state and religious neutrality
Religions of the Constantinian empire
Christianity, tolerance and pluralism : a theological engagement with Isaiah Berlin's social theory
AlterNatives : Black feminism in the postimperial nation
Transformation by integration : how inter-faith encounter changes Christianity
The normativity of history : theological truth and tradition in the tension between church history and systematic theology
The second Arab awakening : and the battle for pluralism
Monistic and pluralistic interpretations in the study of international politics : a methodological examination
What is the status of religious freedom in the world today? What barriers does it face? What are the realistic prospects for improvement, and why does this matter? The Future of Religious Freedom addresses these critical questions by assembling in one volume some of the best forward-thinking and empirical research on religious liberty, international legal trends, and societal dynamics. Top scholars from law, political science, diplomacy, sociology, and religion explore the status, value, and challenges of religious liberty around the world - with illustrations from a wide range of historical situations, contemporary contexts, and constitutional regimes. With a thematic focus on the nature of religious markets and statecraft, the book surveys conditions in different regions, from the Muslim arc to Asia to Eastern Europe. It probes dynamics in both established and emerging democracies. It features up-to-date treatments of such pivotal nations as China, Russia, and Turkey, as well as illuminating new threats to conscience and religious autonomy in the United States and in kin countries of the English speaking world. Finally, it demonstrates the vital contribution of religious freedom to inter-religious harmony, thriving societies, and global security, and applies these findings to the momentous issue of advancing freedom and democracy in Islamic cultures.
Dilemmas of pluralist democracy : autonomy vs. control
What schools teach us about religious life
Mission in a pluralist world
Japanese policymaking : the politics behind politics : informal mechanisms and the making of China policy
Plurality and Christian ethics
Adam Smith's pluralism : rationality, education, and the moral sentiments
The welfare state in transtition : the theory and practice of welfare pluralism
Transforming Christianity and the world : a way beyond absolutism and relativism
Contributed articles.
Blessed rage for order : the new pluralism in theology
Philosophy in an age of pluralism : the philosophy of Charles Taylor in question
On equality between international criminal defendants
Public reason and applied ethics : the ways of practical reason in a pluralist society
Prejudice, ethnocentrism and racism
Race, religion and late democracy
Pathways to the public square : practical theology in an age of pluralism. Vol. 1, International Practical Theology
From world mission to inter-religious witness
Invisible harmony : essays on contemplation and responsibility
Centralization versus pluralism : a historical examination of political-economic struggles and swings within some leading nations
Practical tortoise raising : and other philosophical essays
Christian uniqueness reconsidered : the myth of a pluralistic theology of religions
Sovereign equality and moral disagreement : premises of a pluralist international legal order
Rethinking pluralism : Ritual, experience, and ambiguity
Doing ethics in a pluralistic world : essays in honour of Roger C. Hutchinson
Law in modern society
Christianity and other faiths in Europa : documentation from the meeting "Christianity and other faiths in Europa today", 25-29 August 1994, Järvenpää, Finland
Racism, Class and the Racialized Outsider offers a perspective on the significance of both racism and anti-racism in the making of the English working class. While racism became a powerful structuring force within this social class from as early as the mid-Victorian period, this book also traces the episodic emergence of currents of working class anti-racism. Through an insistence that race is central to the way class works, this insightful text demonstrates not only that the English working class was a multi-ethnic formation from the moment of its inception but that racialized outsiders – Irish Catholics, Jews, Asians and the African diaspora – often played a catalytic role in the collective action that helped fashion a more inclusive and democratic society.
A Theology of Public Life
Women and interreligious dialogue
Corporatism in perspective : an introductory guide to corporatist theory
Margins : site of Asian theologies
William James and the transatlantic conversation : pragmatism, pluralism, and philosophy of religion
Ministerial formation in a multifaith milieu : implications of interfaith dialogue for theological education
Justification in the world's context
Toward a Christian theology of religious pluralism
The analogical imagination : Christian theology and the culture of pluralism
Knowing the real : John Hick on the cognitivity of religions and religious pluralism
Religious toleration is enshrined as an ideal in the Constitution, but religious diversity has had a complicated history in the United States. Although Americans have taken pride in the rich array of religious faiths that help define their nation, for two centuries they have been grappling with the question of how they can coexist. In this ambitious reappraisal of American religious history, William Hutchison chronicles the country's struggle to fulfill the promise of its founding ideals. In 1800 the United States was an overwhelmingly Protestant nation. Over the next two centuries, Catholics, Mormons, Jews, Muslims, Hindus and others would emerge to challenge the Protestant mainstream. Although their demands were often met with resistance, Hutchison demonstrates that as a result of these conflicts the USA expanded its understanding of what it means to be a religiously diverse country. No longer satisfied with mere legal toleration, the USA now expects that all religious groups will share in creating its national agenda.
Justice and interpretation
Politics, religion, and society in Latin America
Theology in the public square : church, academy, and nation
Challenges of religious plurality for eastern and central Europe
Global gods : exploring the role of religions in modern societies
