http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14218 experimental novels
experimental novels
A working theory of love
Against the day
Mark Z. Danielewski's House of leaves
How to avoid doing things with words? : the debate over "nothingness" in Blanchot's Thomas l'obscure
" War is raging in Georgia, Russian fighter planes are thundering overhead, and yet, for some, the falling bombs cause no more impact than the slight ripple moving through the purified water of their swimming pools, or the rattling of a spoon in their cappuccino cups. Filtered through the bleary and cynical mind of Shako—a journalist famed for his appearance in Georgian Pepsi ads—Adibas is a tragic satire describing the progressive falsification of his life, invaded by consumer goods, consumer sex, consumer carnage. A “war novel” without a single battle scene, Zaza Burchuladze's English-language debut anatomizes the Western world's ongoing “feast in the time of plague.” " -- (Dalkey Archive Press)
The French comics theory reader
Metafiction and myth in the novels of Peter Ackroyd
The sound and the fury
Mr Fox
The familiar : one rainy day in May
City of Bohane
Novel beginnings : experiments in eighteenth-century English fiction
Visions of Cody
The man who walks
The restored Finnegans wake
Goethe and the novel
Céline, Gadda, Beckett : experimental writings of the 1930s
"When we first meet U., the narrator of SATIN ISLAND, he is sitting in the airport at Turin, caught in a delay caused by a rogue airplane. Like everyone else in the waiting area, he is sifting through airport pages on his laptop, and then through news sites, social pages, corridors of trivia...until he happens to stumble on information about an image on a famous shroud in Turin. The image itself isn't even visible on the shroud; it only emerged when some amateur photographer looked at the negative of a shot he'd taken and saw the figure--Christ's body supine after crucifixion. Only in the negative: the negative became a positive. A few decades later when the shroud was radiocarbon dated, it turned out to come from no later than the mid-thirteenth century. But that didn't trouble the believers. Things like that never do. A "corporate ethnographer," U. is tasked with writing the Great Report. Yet at every turn, U. finds himself overwhelmed by the ubiquity of data, lost in a buffer zone and wandering through a crowd of apparitions. Meanwhile, Madison, the woman he is seeing, becomes increasingly elusive, much like the particulars in the case of the recent, highly-publicized parachutist's death, with which U. is obsessed. He also develops a perverse interest in oil spills, spending great amounts of time watching loops of clean up videos. As U. begins to wonder if perhaps the Great Report will remain a shapeless, oozing plasma, his senses are reawakened by an ominous dream of an apocalyptic cityscape. SATIN ISLAND is a novel that captures the way we experience the world today, our efforts to find meaning, to stay awake, and discern the narratives we think of as our lives"--
The supernatural enhancements
I was dead for 13 minutes.  I don't remember how I ended up in the icy water but I do know this - it wasn't an accident and I wasn't suicidal.  They say you should keep your friends close and your enemies closer, but when you're a teenage girl, it's hard to tell them apart. My friends love me, I'm sure of it. But that doesn't mean they didn't try to kill me. Does it?
Peter Greenaway : 4 DVD collection
The death of Mr Love
The lover's dictionary
Detecting texts : the metaphysical detective story from Poe to postmodernism
The instructions
The nouveau roman : a study in the practice of writing
Solar bones
Ella Minnow Pea : a progressively lipogrammatic epistolary fable
Famous writers school
Reading the graphic surface : the presence of the book in prose fiction
"Postmodernism, deconstruction and subversion have been the buzzwords of the last few decades. But not any longer. Ever since the end of the millennium an increasingly perceptible desire to turn towards other concerns can be noted. Only, what comes after postmodernism? Where are we going now? Irmtraud Huber suggests some answers to these questions, focusing on novels by Michael Chabon, Mark Z. Danielewski, Jonathan Safran Foer and David Mitchell and highlighting the ways in which they go beyond postmodernism and turn from deconstruction to reconstruction. Approaching the question from an unusual direction by exploring the novelists' particular use of the fantastic mode, this book offers both further insights into the present aesthetic shift and a new perspective on the literary fantastic"--
Sensational modernism : experimental fiction and photography in thirties America
Retweeted : 15.3. - 31.5.2014
Modernism and revolution : Russian literature in transition
We who love to be astonished : experimental women's writing and performance poetics
The city of Bohane
David Mitchell : critical essays
Satin Island : a novel
Self-reference ENGINE
A clockwork orange
The Oxford handbook of philosophy and literature
Death and the labyrinth : the world of Raymond Roussel
Bats of the republic : un illuminated novel
There were many horses
Rant : an oral biography of Buster Casey
The atrocity exhibition
"This book presents a collection of key theoretical texts on comics, spanning a period from the 1960s to the 2010s, written in French and never before translated into English. The publication brings a distinctive set of authors together uniting theoretical scholars, artists, journalists, and comics critics. Readers will gain access to important debates that have taken place among major French-language comics scholars, including Thierry Groensteen, Benoît Peeters, Jan Baetens, and Pierre Fresnault-Deruelle, over the past fifty years. The collection covers a broad range of approaches to the medium, including historical, formal, sociological, philosophical, and psychoanalytic. A general introduction provides an overall context, and, in addition, each of the five thematic sections is prefaced by a brief summary of each text and an explanation of how they have influenced later work. The translations are faithful to the originals while reading clearly in English, and, where necessary, cultural references are clarified."--Provided by publisher.
Clockwork angels : the novel
A visit from the Goon Squad
The story of my teeth
I, the divine : a novel in first chapters
Autobiography of a wardrobe
Once a year, on All Souls' Day, it is said in Ireland that the dead may return. 'Solar Bones' is the story of one such visit. Set in the west of Ireland as the recession is about to strike, this novel is a portrait of one man's experience when his world threatens to fall apart. Marcus Conway, a middle-aged engineer, turns up one afternoon at his kitchen table and considers the events that took him away and then brought him home again.
A disease of language
The islanders
Seiobo there below
Far south
The graphic novel : an introduction
Russian experimental fiction : resisting ideology after utopia
Literature after postmodernism : reconstructive fantasies
