http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14224 communications administration
communications administration
Recommendation on the openness of the code and interfaces of state information systems
Managing human resources
Information, organization and management
The international directory of government 1999.
Supply chain management in the context of economic area : case study for the development of ICT branch in the city of Oulu
Anticipation dialogues : vertical and horizontal dialogue methods for strategic management and smart networking
The business of sport management
Strategic sport communication
Information security instructions for social media
Educational administration and organizational behavior
European media governance : national and regional dimensions
Marketing communications is traditionally associated with the private sector and commercial activities, but the term is nowadays also widely used in public sector contexts. In this thesis marketing communications is analysed from a public administration point of view. The empirical part deals with marketing communications executed by the Municipal IT Unit of the Ministry of Finance. The objective is to find out what is considered important when it comes to planning and implementing marketing communications in public administration, to clarify how this has been done in the Unit and to ascertain whether its marketing communications objectives have been reached. Reputation and image management, along with marketing strategy and tactics, are not discussed. The research method used is traditional qualitative research. In addition to a literature review, a questionnaire was compiled and sent to a group of municipalities' IT managers in order to obtain supplementary data. In its entirety, the work was done from April to October of 2011. It was discovered that there are certain steps that should be taken when planning marketing communications in public administration. Special attention should be paid to customer orientation and integrated marketing communications. It turned out that the Unit's marketing communications plan contains most of the essential stages of marketing communications planning. The Unit had also largely achieved its marketing communications objectives. It was recommended that special care be taken in ascertaining that the Unit's employees are acquainted with marketing communications concepts and committed to carrying out consistent marketing communications. It was also suggested that one person be responsible for all major marketing communications tasks in the Unit and that customer research, especially concerning the success of marketing communications, be conducted on a regular basis.
Hospitality and restaurant management : competency guide
Manual for the secretary of Graduate School of Finance
Reflexive communication in the culturally diverse workplace
Organizational behavior : core concepts
Security 2020 : Reduce security risks this decade
The global diversity desk reference : managing an international workforce
Shared cognition in organizations : the management of knowledge
Internal marketing and job satisfaction survey at the Embassy of Canada in Mexico
Successful crisis communication in the public sector : communication experts' views on best practices and quality
CIO decision making : issues and a process view
Managing media firms and industries : what's so special about media management?
All I know about management I learned from my dog
Recommendation on central government communication
State and local government 1999-2000
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Public organizations in the communication society
Evaluation of environmental management systems within the administrative sector of the Finnish Ministry of Transport and Communications
Marketing management and communications in the public sector
Research and development : strategy, program 2002, results 2001.
Personal Effectiveness
Management of the absurd : paradoxes in leadership
Influencing with integrity : management skills for communication and negotiation
Electronic-mail handling instruction for State Government
Governance as social and political communication
Encyclopedia of digital government
Fundamentals of human resource management
The Breakdown of Hierarchy : communicating in the evolving workplace
The electronic document and its management in a distributed operating environment
Towards user empowerment : on development of utilisation of information and communications technology in decision making of administrations
Marketing communications in public administration : case: Municipal IT Unit
The ropes to skip and the ropes to know : studies in organizational behavior
The adjustment of Finnish expatriates in Britain with special reference to communicative comperence : a case study
Development of IS-Change Communication Practices as Part of an IS-Change Management Process
Improving institutional communication
Stakeholder relations in the regional state administration : case Central Finland Regional Environment Centre
Governing in the information age
Marketing Communications in Public Administration : Case: Municipal IT Unit
Applied information technology research : articles by cooperative science network
Information and communication technology and (good) governance : implications for organizational structure, public participation, and cultural responsiveness. The cases of Guyana, Kenya, Philippines, U.S.A and Estonia
Research and development : results in 2002
Boring records? : communication, speech and writing in social work
Effects of IT in Marketing of Communication services : Case: Safaricom Kenya Ltd.
Corporate conversations : a guide to crafting effective and appropriate internal communications
Development of ICT change management processes for Fläkt Woods Group
E-government : information and communication technology in public administration
Participation in decision making through e-government tools : the case of Valma
Central government communications in incidents and emergencies
Facing diversity : the Evangelical Lutheran Church of Finland from 2004 to 2007
Municipal public relations; a suggested program for improving relations with the public
Understanding NLP : strategies for better workplace communication ... without the jargon
Public administration
Effective HR communication : a framework for communicating HR programmes with IMPACT
Abstract: ICT law in electronic administration : ICT judicial principles and electronic administrative procedure.
Definitive guide to HR communication : engaging employees in benefits, pay, and performance
Meeting the ethical challenges of leadership : casting light or shadow
European media governance : the Brussels dimension
Communication and management at work
Government resolution on enhancing information security in Central Government
New technologies in public administration
Transparency in development communication
Central government communications guidelines
Remote working : linking people and organizations
Managing front office operations
The challenge of change for judicial systems : developing a public administration perspective
International management in China : cross-cultural issues
Organizational listening : the missing essential in public communication
From problems to critical success factors of enterprise architecture adoption
Organizational behavior : an evidence-based approach
Giving and receiving performance feedback
Personnel : the human problems of management
E-HRM : exploring of e-HRM and factors affecting it in businesses in Mikkeli
A primer on organizational behavior
Financial administration in organizing Erasmus Intensive programmes. Case: Promoting Intercultural management in the Baltic Sea Region 2009
The politics of information management : policy guidelines
The manager and the organization
America's rapid and drastically changing demographics pose new challenges to society and particularly to the workplace. Taking as their theme that The only antidote to stereotyping and discrimination is to know each other as individuals, the authors look carefully at the direction in which America is heading demographically and where it will be in the 21st century. They discuss what the workplace will be like and how it will be affected by the characteristics of the people who will comprise it. The essence of the problem, say the authors, is communication-the face-to-face interaction between people of different ethnicities, races, and genders. They may be speaking to each other but are not being heard. Exploring the relationship between culture, communication and management, this new research in management introduces and applies the theory of 'Reflexive Communication' and the microskills necessary for using it in day-to-day work situations. The authors lay out the patterns of culture-specific values and behaviors of the major demographic groups in the workplace-white males, women, African-Americans, Hispanics, and Asian Americans. In each of these chapters the authors apply their theory and show step-by-step how individuals within each group can be accessed and trained by the precepts of 'Reflexive Communication'. The book concludes with a thoughtful examination of the future of diversity and diversity training in America and reasserts the need for people of differing cultures to find ways to work together, not only for their own personal benefit, but for the benefit of their workplaces and organizations.
The art and science of modern innkeeping
Managing modernity : beyond bureaucracy?
Role conflicts in managerial work
Social media in the public sector field guide : designing and implementing strategies and policies
Business systems for leisure and tourism
Moral conflict : when social worlds collide
This thesis is a procedural research and its goal is to create a manual for the secretary of the Graduate School of Finance (GSF). The objective of this study is to create instructions for the secretary’s tasks at GSF. These instructions are to be used both in training a new employee and as an ancillary tool during employment. This thesis consists of two main parts: the theory and process of project and the actual product involved. Graduate School of Finance is a non-profit educational organization. The secretary’s position at the organization is part-time; therefore there is a high turnover for this position. For this reason, a comprehensive manual is very useful for the organization. The manual first introduces the organization, its goals and objectives and the position of the secretary. Then it gives instructions for all of a secretary’s tasks and a description of a typical year at GSF. The manual is designed so that it introduces the organization and tasks to a new employee and also gives exact and detailed instructions on each task. For this reason the man-ual also works as an ancillary tool during the employment.     The theory for this research consists of internal marketing, communication and human re-source management. These issues were discussed and studied using literature and academic articles. The author’s own experiences and knowledge relating to secretarial work at GSF were used for creating the final product, i.e., the manual for a GSF secretary.
