http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14293 external communication
external communication
Crisis communications : a casebook approach
The business of influence : reframing marketing and PR for the digital age
Toxic sludge is good for you : lies, damn lies and the public relations industry
Strategic planning for public relations
Lesly's handbook of public relations and communications
It's not just PR : public relations in society
The PR crisis bible : how to take charge of the media when all hell breaks loose
Brand journalism
Public relations theory II
Manager's guide to excellence in public relations and communication management
The Manager and the Landscape : Comparative content analysis of stakeholder group representation in PR photography of 15 multinational corporations
The management and practice of public relations
Talespin : public relations disasters : inside stories & lessons learnt
Fashion public relations
Publish & prosper : blogging for your business
Creativity in public relations
Identifying the needs of EFIś communication and PR
Effective media relations : how to get results
The practice of public relations
This is PR : the realities of public relations
Managing external relations
Successful public relations in a week
Write a press release : A step-by-step guide to getting your message across
New media and public relations
The handbook of strategic public relations and integrated marketing communications
Essentials of corporate communication : implementing practices for effective reputation management
The new 5th edition of this bestselling text, used by nearly 25,000 students in over 50 different countries retains its practical yet strong theoretical approach and is now updated to include new material on integrated reporting and CSR communications.
The role, the goal and the soul of professional public relations : developing a holistic model of PR professionalism
Captures how the global adoption of social media in these years has changed the way organizations and the public relate to one another. In this title, scholars provide insights into how emerging technologies require organizations to be interactive and authentic in virtual environments where control and creation of messages is a shared process.
Public relations writing : principles in practice
Financial and nonfinancial information in interm reports
Effective writing skills for public relations
Standardizing the operations in customer service : case company: Reka Rubber Ltd
Integrated organisational communication
Public relations practitioners' professional identity : a Finnish perspective
Public relations cases : international perspectives
How to get real value from public relations : a client guide to designing measurable communications objectives
Public relations : the profession and the practice
Green, environmentally aware and integrating Finland : a study of committee for international information's work in Finland's identity building between the years 1988-1990
Abstract: Has Valkea Marina succeeded in its marketing communications? : Case study examining has a Finnish real estate company reached its clients through its marketing communications and should the company change its marketing communications for the future. The purpose of this thesis was to examine a Finnish/Spanish real estate agency Valkea Marina's marketing communications. The research was designed to identify the type of marketing communications Valkea Marina utilises, to discover whether those marketing communications strategies have been profitable, and to analyse ways Valkea Marina can improve its marketing communications in order to increase profits. The research was conducted in two dimensions: secondary research and primary research. The former included research of a large variety of marketing communications literature concerning theories about buyer behaviour, marketing communications planning, and different marketing communications tools such as personal selling, public relations and direct marketing. The latter included designing a survey for Valkea Marina's clients and interviewing the owner of the company in order to compare the results together and to find out areas of improvement. This study revealed that Valkea Marina has been using mostly personal selling, direct marketing and public relations as its marketing communications and it has been able to reach clients. However, this study found out that Valkea Marina's marketing communications lacked consistency and their website did not offer enough information for their customers. The company was advised to create a marketing communications plan, which would enhance their marketing communications by providing thorough and uniform guidelines for the personnel.
Public relations marketing : making a splash without much cash
Sports publicity : a practical approach
The power of the media and how to measure it : a client guide to media evaluation
Public relations : critical debates and contemporary practice
Corporate communication : tactical guidelines for strategic practice
Public relations for the new Europe
Public relations leaders as sensemakers : a global study of leadership in public relations and communication management
PR! : a social history of spin
Has Valkea Marina succeeded in its marketing communications? : case study examining has a Finnish real estate company reached its clients through its marketing communications and should the company change its marketing communications for the future
The fall of advertising and the rise of PR
The future of excellence in public relations and communication management : challenges for the next generation
The best of TACTICS : news, trends & how-to information for public relations people
Integrated communication : concern, internal and marketing communication
Planning and managing public relations campaigns : a strategic approach
More business cards
Principles of corporate communication
Public relations
Today's public relations : an introduction
Planned press and public relations
Whether one sees it as unwelcome, underappreciated, or unnoticed, public relations has an important influence on modern society. In the second edition of their award-winning book, W. Timothy Coombs and Sherry J. Holladay provide a broad and thorough look at the field of public relations in the world today and assess its impact on society’s values, knowledge, and perceptions.The authors show how public relations affects society-both positively and negatively-and use a range of global, contemporary examples from multi-national corporations through to the non-profit sector to prove their point. The authors have thoroughly revised and updated the book with discussion of new issues, including the search within the profession for a definition of PR; the role and limitations of social media; the emergence of Issues Management; how private politics is shaping corporate behavior; and the rise of global activism and the complications of working in a global world. The authors also provide a nuanced and balanced discussion of ethical concerns for professionals in the field that doesn’t rely on oversimplification of the issues. Well organized and clearly written by two leading scholars, this is a must-read for students and professionals in strategic communication.
Public relations : a practical guide to the basics
Abstract: Facebook is one of the most used online communities in the social media, which encourages  companies to launch their own Facebook page. This work's employer  Teollisuuden Voima Oyj (TVO) is planning on launching its own page. TVO aims on  using Facebook as one channel for its external corporate communication. The objective  of this study was to make a proposal for the content of this Facebook page. The  proposal is intended to help the communications unit of TVO in planning, maintaining  and developing the page. The topic was approached from the perspective of organizational  communication.  The study is an action research used with qualitative research methods, such as the  benchmarking method of analysis and interviewing. Before interviewing took place  benchmarking was used to ascertain the organization most suited for interviewing,  namely the Radiation and Nuclear Safety Authority (STUK). The benchmarking process  was done by monitoring the Facebook pages of seven different target organizations  for a month. The features chosen for monitoring were the most suitable in terms  of the work. After this an interview was executed as a half-structured interview. The  interviewee was a publicist of STUK. The analysis and interpretation of the interview  was based on a dialogue between the research data and theory.  This study showed that public relations make up one of Facebook's key functions  from the perspective of organizational communications. It also became evident that  through Facebook TVO can reach important stakeholders, such as young adults.  Based on the study results it should also be said that the maintenance and development  of a Facebook page require a lot of personnel resources.  The output of this action research was produced, i.e. a proposal on TVO's Facebook  page content plan was completed. The results of this research could best be utilized  by a company such as the nuclear company TVO.
Student workbook for public relations writing : principles in practice
Dealing with an angry public : the mutual gains approach to resolving disputes
Effective organisational communication : perspectives, principles and practices
E-PR : the essential guide to public relations on the Internet
How to get real value from public relations
The public relations landscape has changed dramatically from what it was in 1989, when the original Public Relations Theory volume was published. Reflecting the substantial shifts in the intervening years, Public Relations Theory II, while related to the first volume, is more a new work than a revision. Editors Carl H. Botan and Vincent Hazleton have brought together key theorists and scholars in public relations to articulate the current state of public relations theory, chronicling the ongoing evolution of public relations as a field of study. The contributors to this volume represent the key figures in the discipline, and their chapters articulate the significant advances in public relations theory and research. Working from the position that public relations is a theoretically grounded and research based discipline with the potential to bring numerous areas of applied communication together, Botan and Hazleton have developed this volume to open up the public relations field to a broad variety of theories. Organized into two major sections--Foundations, and Tools for Tomorrow--the volume presents four types of chapters: discussions addressing how public relations should be understood and practiced; examinations of theories from other areas applied to public relations; explorations of theories about a specific area of public relations practice; and considerations of public relations theories and research that have not been given sufficient attention in the past or that hold particular promise for the future of public relations. It serves as a thorough overview of the current state of theory in public relations scholarship. Like its predecessor, Public Relations Theory II will be influential in the future development of public relations theory. Taken as a whole, the chapters in this book will help readers develop their own sense of direction for public relations theory.
Public relations : an introduction
Qualitative research methods in public relations and marketing communications
Absract:.
Ethics in public relations : responsible advocacy
Communicating corporate ethics on the World Wide Web : a discourse analysis of selected company web sites
The essentials of corporate communications and public relations
Mastering public relations
Writing skills for public relations : style and technique for mainstream and social media
Public relations for your business
Towards the social media : Facebook page content plan for a company
Shut up and listen : communication with impact
Business intelligence as a managerial tool in large Finnish companies
The second edition of this resource includes 70 leading authors in the field of public relations and communications, 27 new chapters and 44 new authors addressing the major changes in the field.  Each chapter has a QR code that links to the contributors' biography, chapter introduction, more images, mobil and full websites for the book.
The Public relations handbook
Publicity in action
Strategic public relations
"Public Relations Leaders as Sensemakers presents foundational research on the public relations profession, providing a current and compelling picture of expanding global practice. This volume is appropriate for graduate and advanced undergraduate students in international public relations and communication management, as well as scholars in global public relations, communication management, and business. It is also intended to supplement courses in public relations theory, strategic communication, business management, and leadership development"--
The public relations strategic toolkit : an essential guide to successful public relations practice
Public relations : concepts, practice and critique
Public relations for management succes
Introducing public relations : theory and practice
Public relations : strategies and tactics
Communication plan for Oy Filmkompaniet Alpha Ab
Critical perspectives in public relations
Public relations in practice
Public communication campaigns
Corporate communication : a guide to theory and practice
Public relations writing and media techniques
Evaluating public relations : a guide to planning, research, and measurement (PR in practice)
Cutlip & Center's effective public relations
Perspectives on public relations research
Publicity, newsletters, and press releases
