http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14261 bank inspection
bank inspection
Conflicts of interests in the financial services industry : what should we do about them?
Fraud detection in the banking sector : a multi-agent approach
Banking and finance : Accounts, audit and practice
Handbook of banking regulation and supervision
Handbook of central banking, financial regulation and supervision : after the financial crisis
Banking regulation and supervision : A comparative study of the UK, USA, and Japan
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 9, Chapter 3, Commercial transactions and institutions : Public law of banking
The World Bank Inspection panel
Establishment of an inspection function
Improving banking supervision
Banking law and regulation
Bank supervision Russian style : rules versus enforcement and tacit objectives
The European Central Bank : institutional aspects
Financial regulation in the global economy
Banking supervision and BCCI: international and national regulation : together with the proceedings of the committee, minutes of evidence and appendices
Banking sectors in Baltic countries
This study examines development of the banking sectors in Estonia, Latvia, and Lithuania from 1990 onwards.While institutional and legislative developments are discussed, the main emphasis is on the development of services provided by banks. The role of banks as intermediators of capital and as providers of a system of payments is generally seen as extremely important in achieving efficiency in market economies.Related to this view are the questions of how an economy in transition evolves successfully into a market economy as well as what effects the structure and performance of the banking sector have on the transition process.The Baltic cases provide a number of valuable insights in this regard. Banks in Baltic countries have developed fairly quickly and all have encountered a banking crisis of some magnitude.At the moment, Baltic banks can be said to fulfill at least part of their role as intermediators of capital.Also payment systems are now fairly well developed.However, it is fairly clear that the evolution of these banking sectors have a long way to go. Further reduction in the number of banks seems likely as most banks are still small, capital requirements have been raised, supervision is becoming tighter and competition among banks is increasing. Key words Banking, Baltic countries, banking supervision .
European banking law : a guide to Community, member state and EFTA national legislation
Banking supervision in the European Community : institutional aspects
Devising international bank supervisory standards
FAO seed review. 1984-85
Introduction to banking
Official directory of the European Union
General summary and conclusions (s. 289-291).
Report by the Commission on the Banking Crisis
European banking and financial law
FAO seed review. 1979-80
The establishment and supervision of bank branches in Finland and in the European Union
Financial regulation : changing the rules of the game
Financial soundness indicators : analytical aspects and country practices
