http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14223 theism
theism
The boundaries of monotheism : interdisciplinary explorations into the foundations of western monotheism
The future of reason, science and faith : following modernity and post-modernity
Being and having : an existentialist diary
God : the failed hypothesis ; how science shows that God does not exist
Atheism : the case against God
Providence, evil and the openness of God
Canonical theism : a proposal for theology and the church
Divine commands and morality
Research in the social scientific study of religion. Volume 23
God and the processes of reality : foundations of a credible theism
The God debates : a 21st century guide for atheists and believers (and everyone in between)
The God argument : the case against religion and for humanism
Absolute value : a study in Christian theism
Freedom and grace
Creation
Theism and explanation
Debating Christian theism
The existence of God
Science in theistic contexts : cognitive dimensions
Speaking of God : relational theology
Theism and ultimate explanation : the necessary shape of contingency
Consciousness and the mind of God
Polytheistic systems
Beyond the God delusion : how radical theology can harmonize science and religion
Religions, reasons and gods : essays in cross-cultural philosophy of religion
Divine and human action : essays in the metaphysics of theism
The rationality of theism
Pagan monotheism in late antiquity
Logic and theism : arguments for and against beliefs in God
God, religion and reality
God, Philosophy and academic culture : a discussion between scholars in the AAR and the APA
Analytic theism, Hartshorne, and the concept of God
Times of the trinity : a proposal for theistic cosmology
Why Christianity must change or die : a bishop speaks to believers in exile : a new reformation of the Church's faith and practice
Is God a delusion? : a reply to religion's cultured despisers
Sexing the Trinity : gender, culture and the divine
The sense of creation : experience and the God beyond
A new Christianity for a new world : why traditional faith is dying and how a new faith is being born
Problems of evil and the power of God
There are deep and pervasive disagreements today in universities and colleges, and popular culture in general, over the credibility and value of belief in God. This has given rise to an urgent need for a balanced, comprehensive, accessible resource book that can inform the public and scholarly debate over theism. While scholars with as diverse interests as Daniel Dennett, Terry Eagleton, Richard Dawkins, Jurgen Habermas, and Rowan Williams have recently contributed books to this debate, theism as a concept remains poorly understood and requires a more thorough and systematic analysis than it has so far received in any single volume. The Routledge Companion to Theism addresses this need by investigating theism's history as well as its relationship to inquiry in the sciences, social sciences, and humanities, and to its wider cultural contexts. The contents are not confined within the philosophy of religion or even within the more expansive borders of philosophy. Rather, The Routledge Companion to Theism investigates its subject through the lens of a wide variety of disciplines and explores the ramifications of theism considered as a way of life as well as an intellectual conviction. The five parts of the volume indicate its inclusive scope: I. What is Theism?; II. Theism and Inquiry; III. Theism and the Socio-Political Realm; IV. Theism and Culture; V. Theism as a Way of Life. The result is a well ordered and thorough collection that should provide a wide spectrum of readers with a better understanding of a subject that's much discussed, but frequently misunderstood. As the editors note in their Introduction, while stimulating and informing the contemporary debate, a key aim of the volume is to open new avenues of inquiry into theism and thereby to encourage further research into this vital topic.
The Routledge companion to theism
Faith and reason
Faith and will : voluntariness of faith in contemporary analytic theistic philosophy of religion
Remythologizing theology : divine action, passion and authorship
This volume of the classic series is devoted to the claims, arguments, and perspectives of the New Atheists. The volume collects original work on these topics of leading thinkers in the philosophy of religion, epistemology, and metaphysics, and philosophy of science. These studies are punctuated by an original short story by a leading novelist. --
After God : Richard Kearney and the religious turn in continental philosophy
The image in mind : theism, naturalism, and the imagination
Value and reality : the philosophical case for theism
Transforming process Theism
God and the ethics of belief : new essays in philosophy of religion
Does God exist? : the Craig-Flew debate
Creation made free : open theology engaging science
The recalcitrant Imago Dei : human persons and the failure of naturalism
Pragmatic and transcendental arguments for theism : a critical examination
Is there a God?
God, reason and theistic proofs
Christian theism and apologetics is an increasingly significant area of research and dialogue. This volume comprises groundbreaking dialogues by many of the most prominent scholars in the field in a definitive treatment of central issues in theism and Christian faith. The essays are ecumenical and broadly Christian, in the spirit of C.S. Lewis's Mere Christianity, and feature lucid and up-to-date material designed to engage students and others in contemporary theistic and Christian issues. The first half of the volume includes dialogues about God's existence and the coherence of theism. The second moves beyond generic theism to address significant debates over such specifically Christian doctrines as the Trinity and the resurrection of Jesus. Debating Christian Theism provides an ideal starting point for students, scholars, and anyone seeking to understand the current issues and developments with respect to discussions in Christian theism and apologetics.
Reason in the balance : the case against naturalism in science, law & education
Philosophy and theological discourse
Cosmology : from alpha to omega : the creative mutual interaction of theology and science
The concept of well-being and the educational implications of Nicholas Wolterstorff's theory of justice
"Christians seeking to "save the planet" have to relate "reation" with "salvation" in a way that does justice to both themes. This volume explores the ways in which this task is approached in a wide range of recent theological movements. It includes 15 chapters with 87 sections by 54 authors from all over the world. On this basis this volume provides a barometer of contemporary theological movements." -Publisher's description.
Atheism and theism
God in the age of science? : a critique of religious reason
Christianity : facing up to the doubts
The Routledge companion to philosophy of religion
The miracle of theism : arguments for and against the existence of God
Rationality and religious theism
The new atheism and its critics
The necessity of God : ontological claims revisited
Philosophy of religion : an anthology
Developmental theism : from pure will to unbounded love
Suffering belief : evil and the Anglo-American defense of theism
The evidence for God : religious knowledge reexamined
Why there is something rather than nothing
The errors of atheism
Atheism and the Apotheosis of Agency
Panpsychism and the religious attitude
Monotheism : divinity and unity reconsidered
From morality to metaphysics : the theistic implications of our ethical commitments
Atheism and deism revalued : heterodox religious identities in Britain, 1650-1800
Traditional theism and its modern alternatives
Organized thematically by the endpoints of time, the volume begins by addressing eschatological matters--the doctrines of heaven and hell--and ends with an account of divine deliberation and creation. Kvanvig develops a theistic outlook which reconciles a traditional, high conception of deity, with full providential control over all aspects of creation, with a conception of human beings as free and morally responsible. The resulting position and defense is labeled "Philosophical Arminianism." -- From publisher.
The justification of religious belief
"Infini rien" : Pascal's wager and the human paradox
Consciousness and the existence of God : a theistic argument
A moral ontology for a theistic ethic : gathering the nations in love and justice
First-order logic and classical theism : toward logical reorientation
Butler's ethics
Letters to Doubting Thomas : a case for the existence of God
Natural signs and knowledge of God : a new look at theistic arguments
Resurrected? : an atheist and theist dialogue
This book explores anew the theme of creation in Scripture, tradition, and contemporary theology. David Fergusson defends the classical account of creation out of nothing but pays more sustained attention than the Christian tradition typically has given to the holistic significance of the created world. Offering both doctrinal exposition and apologetic argument, Fergusson discusses creation in relation to the problem of evil and the fall, divine providence, deism, Darwinian evolution, environmental ethics, animal rights, and more, even touching on the topic of extraterrestrial intelligence.
Beyond finitude : God's transcendence and the meaning of life
When epistemology meets metaphysics : a study of Alvin Plantinga's epistemology of Christian Belief in Warranted Christian belief
Intelligent design : the bridge between science & theology
"The rise of modern science and the proclaimed 'death' of God in the nineteenth century led to a radical questioning of divine action and authorship - Bultmann's celebrated 'demythologizing'. Remythologizing Theology moves in another direction that begins by taking seriously the biblical accounts of God's speaking. It establishes divine communicative action as the formal and material principle of theology, and suggests that interpersonal dialogue, rather than impersonal causality, is the keystone of God's relationship with the world. This original contribution to the theology of divine action and authorship develops a new vision of Christian theism. It also revisits several long-standing controversies such as the relations of God's sovereignty to human freedom, time to eternity, and suffering to love. Groundbreaking and thought-provoking, it brings theology into fruitful dialogue with philosophy, literary theory, and biblical studies"--Provided by publisher.
Is there such a thing as natural knowledge of God? C. Stephen Evans presents the case for understanding theistic arguments as expressions of natural signs in order to gain a new perspective both on their strengths and weaknesses. Three classical, much-discussed theistic arguments - cosmological, teleological, and moral - are examined for the natural signs they embody. At the heart of this book lie several relatively simple ideas. One is that if there is a God of the kind accepted by Christians, Jews, and Muslims, then it is likely that a 'natural' knowledge of God is possible. Another is that this knowledge will have two characteristics: it will be both widely available to humans and yet easy to resist. If these principles are right, a new perspective on many of the classical arguments for God's existence becomes possible. We understand why these arguments have for many people a continued appeal but also why they do not constitute conclusive 'proofs' that settle the debate once and for all. Touching on the interplay between these ideas and contemporary scientific theories about the origins of religious belief, particularly the role of natural selection in predisposing humans to form beliefs in God or gods, Evans concludes that these scientific accounts of religious belief are fully consistent, even supportive, of the truth of religious convictions.
God and inscrutable evil : in defense of theism and atheism
Analytic philosophy of religion
Herman Philipse puts forward a powerful new critique of belief in God. He examines the strategies that have been used for the philosophical defence of religious belief, and by careful reasoning casts doubt on the legitimacy of relying on faith instead of evidence, and on probabilistic arguments for the existence of God.
Destiny and deliberation : essays in philosophical theology
A million and one gods : the persistence of polytheism
The meaning of theism
The philosophy of Thomas Aquinas : introductory readings
The inconceivable polytheism : studies in religious historiography
The coherence of theism
God, freedom, and evil
Arguing for atheism : an introduction to the philosophy of religion
A Candid Examination of Theism
God beyond knowledge
On the nature and existence of God
Hartshorne : a new world view : essays by Charles Hartshorne
The secular outlook : in defense of moral and political secularism
Indian theism from the Vedic to the Muhammadan period
The future of Atheism : Alister McGrath and Daniel Dennett in dialogue
The triumph of God over evil : theodicy for a world of suffering
Questions about God : today's philosophers ponder the Divine
In defence of Christianity
Theism
Theism and humanism : being the Gifford lectures delivered at the University of Glasgow, 1914
Nature's witness : how evolution can inspire faith
"Providence, Evil and the Openness of God is a timely exploration of the philosophical implications of the rapidly growing theological movement known as open theism, or the "openness of God." William Hasker, one of the philosophers prominently associated with this movement, presents the strengths of this position in comparison with its main competitors: Calvinism, process theism and the theory of divine middle knowledge, or Molinism." "In this collection of essays, the author develops alternative approaches to the problem of evil and to the problem of divine action in the world. In particular, he argues that believers should not maintain the view that each and every evil that occurs is permitted by God as a means to a "greater good." He contends that open theism makes possible an emphasis on the personalism of divine-human interaction in a way that traditional views, with their heavy emphasis on divine control, cannot easily match. The book concludes with a section of replies to critics, in which many of the objections leveled against open theism are addressed." "Providence, Evil and the Openness of God will be essential reading for advanced students and academics in the fields of Philosophy, Philosophy of Religion and Theology."--BOOK JACKET.
What is the meaning of human life
A Local history of Greek polytheism : gods, people, and the land of Aigina, 800-400 bce
Creation and salvation. Vol. 2, A companion on recent theological movements
