http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14246 cohesion
cohesion
Behind the myth of European union : prospects for cohesion
The regional and urban development policy of the European Union, or more precisely, EU Cohesion Policy, is undergoing change. This development is driven by the enormous transformations in European regions and by shifts in thinking and analysis.
The travelling concepts of narrative
This article discusses how the national innovation policies in Finland, Sweden and Norway consider regionality, especially peripheral regions. This aspect is of interest considering how these three countries perform well in international competition while having substantial differences between different regions in terms of their economical development. The northernmost parts of Finland, Sweden and Norway are raised as examples as they are especially challenging areas in the context of innovation activities. As a theoretical background I introduce the concepts of innovation systems and innovation policy and define the challenges involved when implementing innovation policies in peripheral regions. The study is realised by analysing 20 innovation policy documents: ten from Finland, six from Sweden and four from Norway. I use qualitative content analysis as a research method. This investigation shows that, in spite of the importance of regions in innovation activities, national innovation policies in the research countries do not consider regionality, or, more specifically, the less-favoured regions. Meanwhile, regional innovation systems, especially institutes of higher education, are seen as important for the economic development and competitiveness of the countries and their national innovation systems.
Order and anarchy : civil society, social disorder and war
Europe 2010 : a partnership for European renewal : prosperity, solidarity and security : strategic objectives 2005-09
Unit cohesion : theoretical implications and practical recommendations
Since the 2001 'race riots' in the north of England, and the 7/7 London bombings, Britain has appeared to reject multiculturalism. It has instead prioritized a new policy of 'Community Cohesion' that calls for a focus on common needs and shared British identity, rather than on ethnic and religious differences. This has proved a controversial agenda, apparently downplaying the reality of racism and ethnic diversity, and leading to one critic calling it 'the death of multiculturalism'. Little evidence has emerged so far on what Community Cohesion actually represents, but this book addresses that deficit by drawing on empirical research around work with young people to analyse the meaning and practice of British Community Cohesion policies, youth identities in racially-tense areas, and government's attempts to 'prevent violent extremism' amongst young Muslims. It concludes that Community Cohesion is a new phase of multiculturalism, not its death.
Growing regions, growing Europe : fourth report on economic and social cohesion
EU structural funds in Finland : regions on the threshold of the programming period 2007-2013
Adhesion and adhesives technology : an introduction
The science of unit cohesion : its characteristics and impacts
Excecutive summary.
The science of military cohesion
Coherence and Cohesion in Spoken and Written Discourse
Substitution and ellipsis in spoken and written English
Regionality, innovation policy and peripheral regions in Finland, Sweden and Norway
The socio-economic impact of projects financed by the Cohesion Fund : a modelling approach. Vol. 2, Computable general equilibrium models ; Models of explicit distribution dynamics
Spatial turns of manufacturing since 1970.
Repetition and negation as devices of indeterminacy and coherence in the Beckett trilogy
This monograph analyses and describes successful educational actions with a specific focus on vulnerable groups (i.e. youth, migrants, cultural groups e.g. Roma, women, and people with disabilities). Concrete data that shows success in school performance in subject matters such as math or language will be provided, as well as children, teachers and families accounts of the impact of this success. Alongside, there is an analysis of the relationship between these childrens educational performance with their inclusion or exclusion from different areas of society (i.e. housing, health, employment, and social and political participation). Many studies have already diagnosed and described the causes of educational and social exclusion of these vulnerable groups. This monograph, however, provides solutions, that is, actions for success identified through the INCLUD-ED project, thus providing both, contrasted data and solid theoretical background and development. Some examples of these actions are interactive groups (or heterogeneous grouping in the classroom with reorganisation of human resources), extension of the learning time, homework clubs, tutored libraries, family and community educative participation, family education, or dialogic literary gatherings. All these actions have been defined as successful educational actions, which mean that they lead to both efficiency and equity. Finally, recommendations for policy and practice are included and discussed.
Cohesion in L2 writing : the use of linking advergials in Finnish IB Diploma Programme and upper seconday school students' English essays
Fuzzy coherence : making sense of continuity in hypertext narratives
A new partnership for cohesion : convergence, competitiveness, cooperation : third report on economic and social cohesion
Executive summary (s. 5-9).
The sustainability of cultural diversity
Education, equality and social cohesion : a comparative analysis
The new minorities of Europe : social cohesion in the European Union
Damage modelling procedure and fastener positioning optimization of adhesively reinforced frictional interfaces
Group cohesion and soldiers' behavior in a simulated combat situation : empirical results from two infantry platoons
Promoting the policy debate on social exclusion from a comparative perspective = Promouvir d'un point de vue comparatif le débat politique sur l'exclusion sociale ; [Council of Europe]
The crew as a social system
In most developed countries immigration policy is high on the political agenda. But what happens to migrants after their arrival - integration and social cohesion - has received less attention, yet these conditions matter to migrants and to wider society. Drawing on fieldwork in London and eastern England, Moving up and getting on is the first accessible, yet comprehensive, text to critique the effectiveness of recent integration and social cohesion policies and calls for a stronger political leadership. Written for those interested in public policy, the book argues that if the UK is to be successful in managing migration, there needs to be greater emphasis on the social aspects of integration and opportunities for meaningful social contact between migrants and longer-settled residents, particularly in the workplace.
The impact of economic and monetary union on cohesion
Well-being for all : concepts and tools for social cohesion = Le bien-être pour tous : concepts et outils de la cohésion sociale
Identity, ethnic diversity and community cohesion
Maintaining community in the information age : the importance of trust, place and situated knowledge
Semantic constraints on relevance
New tech, new ties : how mobile communication is reshaping social cohesion
The rise and fall of social cohesion : the construction and deconstruction of social trust in the US, UK and Denmark
Sense of coherence as a buffer against crisis management veteran's stress
Beyond training alone: the role of cohesion maximizing group performance
Study group on education and training : report : Accomplishing Europe through education and training
Regional cohesion and competition in the age of globalization
Some empirical research results on Finnish soldiers' behavior, group cohesion and informal norms : three military sociological articles
Social cohesion and counter-terrorism : a policy contradiction?
Resistance is futile! Impacts of repression on dissident activity
Conversational organization and its development
The regional and urban policy of the European Union : cohesion, results-orientation and smart specialisation
In this article, the geographical transformation of the Finnish manufacturing sector since the 1970s is analysed. Changes in manufacturing employment by municipalities are used as central indicators of the transformation. The urban-rural shift, deindustralisation, and emergence of the new economy have all occurred during the last three decades.A trend surface analysis indicates that manufacturing employment increased all over the country in the 1970s. The growth was higher the more northern and eastern the municipality's location. This pattern was conformable to the goals of the Finnish regional policy of the 1970s. Deindustrialisation plagued the economy from the early 1980s to the mid-1990s, and its negative labour force impacts were focused especially on the southern mature industrial cities. The industrial policy of the 1980s was without much result. Finally, the crisis of the early 1990s ruined a considerable part of industrial performance everywhere in the country. The era of telecommunications-driven economic growth in the 1990s led to the geographical pattern of growing employment in few urban areas and some localities adjacent to cities. The long, vigorous growth period (up to the year 2001), comparable with the growth of the late 1960s and early 1970s, diffused to rural municipalities, but the geographical pattern of this boom was oriented more towards the west and south than in the 1970s.
Cohesive factors in software guide texts: a case study
Unraveling ties : from social cohesion to new practices of connectedness
Coherence in spoken and written discource : how to create it and how to describe it : selected papers from the international workshop of coherence, Augsburg, 24-27 April 1997
Social cohesion, securitization and counter-terrorism
This volume explores the ways in which social cohesion can be established and undermined. It examines the US and UK, where social cohesion declined in the latter part of the 20th century and Sweden and Denmark, where social cohesion increased, and puts forward a social constructivist explanation for this shift.
A Finnish journalist and naturalized American citizen compares and contrasts life in the U.S. with life in the Nordic region to encourage Americans to draw on practices from the Nordic way of life to create a fairer, happier, more secure, and less stressful society.
Economic crisis, quality of work, and social integration : the European experience
South Atlantic conflict of 1982 : a case study of military cohesion
Mega-event governance : drivers and potentials of the European Capitals of Culture
Life stories : the creation of coherence
Towards a new partnership for growth, jobs and cohesion : third progress report on cohesion
The state and new social responsibilities in a globalising world = Etat  et nouvelles responsabilités sociales dans un monde global ; [Council of Europe]
Territorial cohesion in Europe
The group effect : social cohesion and health outcomes
Legal framework of the single European currency
Summary (s. 1-3).
Investing in Europe's future : fifth report on economic, social and territorial cohesion
Economic and monetary union : Implications for national policy-makers
Social solidarity and fear of crime : community and individual approaches in responses to mass violence after school shootings
Economic migration, social cohesion and development : towards an integrated approach
Dissolving binding theory
Communicative action in French regional foresight : towards a communicative foresight serving the deliberative policy process?
Integrating regional policy with technology policy - the experience of Finland
Team cohesion in a junior soccer team through self-talk : a descriptive study
The pedagogical implications of some aspects of textlinguistics : cohesion
A multi-dimensional approach to discourse coherence : from standardness to creativity
The E.U. structural funds
Democratic politics in a European Union under stress
Research and regional development
The evolution of rules for a single European market. 3, Social and international issues
The socio-economic impact of projects financed by the Cohesion Fund : a modelling approach. Vol. 3, Data report
Import of Vertical Cohesion and the Linking Pin Function in the Military
Youth, multiculturalism and community cohesion
Community cohesion at the local level : addressing the needs of Muslim Communities : examples of local initiatives
Equality, trust, fairness, and cohesion
Cohesion flaws in translations
Tree stem diameter change measurements and sap flow in scots pine
The socio-economic impact of projects financed by the Cohesion Fund : a modelling approach. Vol. 1, Introduction and summary ; Literature review ; Vector auto-regression models
In order to be responsive to the ideas of new governance, governments have seen the demands of policy integration as increasingly important. In Finland, both regional policy and technology policy have received hegemonic positions. Regional policy had a key role in the welfare state programme that supported equal rights and opportunities, and only slowly promoted structural change in industry. Technology policy has been taken as an evidence of Finland&rsquo;s rapid transformation into a competitive high-tech and market-driven country that has adopted the knowledge-based economy as the key model for further development. The Centre of Expertise Programme, a central government effort to promote technological development and competitiveness at the regional level, illustrates a shift towards technology-driven regional policy. As the programme has become internationally renowned, this paper takes a closer look at its concept, and scrutinises the kind of a model it provides for regional policy efforts. The analysis shows that the programme has a partly conflicting position at the intersection of regional and technology policies. The evolution of the programme also reflects changes in the interpretation of the regional dimension of the knowledge-based economy.
Turning territorial diversity into strength : green paper on territorial cohesion : communication from the Commission
Lexical cohesion across spoken and written discourse
Acting locally for employment : findings of the preparatory measures for a local commitment to employment : 2001
Telling the story : communicating cohesion policy together
Proceedings of the second European Cohesion Forum : 21-22 May 2001, Brussels
Academic journalese for the Internet : a study of native English-speaking editors' changes to texts written by Danish and Finnish professionals
Cohesion policy in support of growth and jobs : community strategic guidelines 2007-13
Moving up and getting on : migration, integration and social cohesion in the UK
Cohesion in Vonnegut : a linguistic study of literary style
Abstract: Transnationalisation, group interests  and Finland's negotiations with European Union.
Successful educational actions for inclusion and social cohesion in Europe
On the question of social coherence in the moral philosophy of Rolf Lagerborg
Differences between fact and fiction : an analysis of selected cohesive aspects and their effect on readability in Dan Brown's Da Vinci code
The impact of structural policies on economic and social cohesion in the Union 1989-99 : a first assessment presented by country (October 1996)
On cohesion in texts used in a computer-assisted language learning program. Tiina Vähäheikkilä
Sustainable tourism as a factor of cohesion among European regions
Growing regions, growing Europe : fifth progress report on economic and social cohesion
Summary.
Behind the myth of European Union : prospects for cohesion
The making of modern Turkey : nation and state in Eastern Anatolia, 1913-1950
Investing in Europe's future : fifth report on economic, social and territorial cohesion : foreword, summary, conclusions, maps and comments
Tree stem diameter change measurements and sap flow in Scots pine
Fostering social mobility as a contribution to social cohesion
Minority influence and innovation : antecedents, processes and consequences
Studying the interplay of immigration and welfare states
The Nordic theory of everything : in search of a better life
Anaphora : a reference guide
Changes in Liikunnan Riemu's football team's cohesion during EUSA Games in Rotterdam
Planning, implementation and evaluation of a team-building programme in a female youth football team : an action research case study
Bridging inferences : constraining and resolving underspecification in discourse interpretation
Cohesion forgotten? : Redux 2011 - knowns and unknowns
