http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14229 string instruments
string instruments
Your dream instrument : an insider's guide to buying violins, violas, cellos, basses & bows
Verklärte Nacht and Pierrot Lunaire
Howl, U.S.A
Compatible quartets for strings. Bass : 21 quartets that can be played by any combination of string instruments
The A.S.T.A. dictionary of bowing terms for string instruments
Corky Siegel's Traveling Chamber Blues Show!
Songs of Sundrie natures : Music for voices and viols
Electric violins : Design und Technik der elektrischen Streichinstrumente = design and technique of electric bowed stringed instruments
Two pieces for string Quartet : seven romances on poems of Alexander Blok : piano quintet
Reels to ragas
The Composer
Concepts in string playing : reflections by artist-teachers at the Indiana University School of Music
Keytunes : for violin / viola / cello : piano score ; [arranged by Sheila M. Nelson]
HOW TO MAKE A VIOLIN BOW
Guide to teaching strings
A reader's guide to Haydn's early string quartets
Quartet : Ab major : for 2 violins, viola and violoncello
Unrevealed ; Shine and Dark
Virtual violin in the digital domain : physical modeling and model-based sound synthesis of violin and its interactive application in virtual environment
Encyclopedia of violin-makers
The early history of the viol
The image of melancholy
Signs, Games and Messages
Instruments of the orchestra : a complete introduction to the sounds and music of the symphony orchestra
Song of songs
Sämtliche Streichtrios : D 471 : D 581 first version : D 581 second version : Fragment of D 111A : Fragment of D 471, second movement = Complete string trios
Sixth string quartet
String music in print
Quartet : Eb major : for 2 violins, viola and cello
Compatible quartets for strings. Cello : 21 quartets that can be played by any combination of string instruments
String quartets : A minor, B flat major
Playing the violin : an illustrated guide
Strings that conquered the world : morin khuur, the Mongolian horse-head violin
String builder : a string class method (for class or individual instruction) in three books. Book two, Cello
Rendezvous with Korngold : songs & chamber music
Playing the string game : strategies for teaching cello and strings
The string play : the drama of playing and teaching strings
6 string quartets = 6 Streichquartette : opus 33 : Hoboken III:37-42
Early stringed instruments at the Victoria & Albert Museum
The blue notebooks
String builder : a string class method (for class or individual instruction) in three books. Book three, Cello
Compatible quartets for strings : 21 quartets that can be played by any combination of string instruments. Bass
Visions fugitives : Op. 22
Lamentations, motets, string music
Haydn : the innovator : a new approach to the string quartets
Leichte Trios aus vier Jahrhunderten = Easy trios from four centuries = Négy évszázad könnyu triói
Beethoven for a later age : The journey of a string quartert
String quartets
String quartet No. 1 in D major, op. 11.
100 + solos for violin
Flemish string quartets since 1950 : historical overview, discussion of selected works and inventory
The Caldwell Collection of Viols : a life together in the pursuit of beauty
Fiction
Compatible quartets for strings : 21 quartets that can be played by any combination of string instruments. Violin
The violinists of the Pietà : a tribute to Vivaldi
Geigenbauer der deutschen Schule des 17. bis 19. Jahrhunderts. Band 1, A-K = Violin-makers of the German school from the 17th to the 19th century. Volume 1, A-K = Luthiers de l'ecole allemande du 17e au 19e siècle. Volume 1, A-K
String builder : a string class method (for class or individual instruction) in three books. Book two, Viola
Christmas quartets : 10 christmas carols for string quartet
String builder : a string class method (for class or individual instruction) in three books. Book one, Violin
The Strad : Espoo
First program for strings
Quartet : for 2 violins, viola and violoncello
The ABC's of viola for the absolute beginner
The Juliet letters
The World
European stringed instruments
The string quartets of Joseph Haydn
Compatible quartets for strings : 21 quartets that can be played by any combination of string instruments. Cello
The Strad : Helsinki
Violin family
String builder : a string class method (for class or individual instruction) in three books. Book one, Viola
The musical instrument desk reference : a guide to how band and orchestral instruments work
Best of Brodsky Quartet
The cello
Beams
String builder : a string class method (for class or individual instruction) in three books. Book one, Cello
Der Geigenmarkt : ein Führer zum Instrumentenkauf = The violin market : the violinists guide to instrument purchase
Stradivarius : one cello, five violins and a genius
The string quartet
Untold Things
The King's delight : 17c. ballads for voice et violin band
Strad : essential reading for the string music world
Geigenbauer der deutschen Schule des 17. bis 19. Jahrhunderts. Band 2, L-Z = Violin-makers of the German school from the 17th to the 19th century. Volume 2, L-Z = Luthiers de l'ecole allemande du 17e au 19e siècle. Volume 2, L-Z / Walter Hamma
Ashokan farewell ; Beautiful dreamer : songs of Stephen Foster
String quartets A minor, B flat major
The Juliet letters : a song sequence for string quartet and voice
The violin-makers of the Guarneri family : (1626-1762) : their life and work
The effects of guided aural versus guided aural-visual modeling on the performance achievement of beginning string instrumentalists
Cult : special edition
Darkness into light : Medieval & modern - a mystical journey
Satchmo! : a tribute to Louis Armstrong : a medley including: What a wonderful world, When the saints go marching in, St. Louis blues, Hello, Dolly!
Die Triosonate im Barock = The baroque trio sonata = A barokk triószonáta
Team strings : piano accompaniments and ensemble scores
The Beethoven Quartets
String quartet, op. 1
Das klassische Trio = The calssical trio = A klasszikus trió
Pulse shadows  : Meditations on Paul Celan for soprano, string quartet and ensemble
Borodin Quartet 60th anniversary
The rough guide to violin & viola
Time will pronounce : the 1992 commissions
Carabo-Cone concepts for strings : violin, viola, cello
Playing the violin and stringed instruments
Horns, strings and harmony
String quintet in E flat major, op. 97
Compatible quartets for strings : 21 quartets that can be played by any combination of string instruments. Viola
Catch-Pop String-Strong
The art of string quartet playing : practice, technique and interpretation
Universal dictionary of violin and bow makers
The romantic cello
String builder : a string class method (for class or individual instruction) in three books. Book three, Viola
The piano quartet and quintet : style, structure and scoring
The art of string quartet playing : practice, technique and interpretation : with 132 examples in full score
Suite for violin and string orchestra [op. 11] : score
The Hidden face
Intermediate scales and bowings for strings. Full score
The violin and viola
Fingering Charts for Instrumentalists
Fire fire
Songs and keyboard works
Haydn: String quartets, op. 50
Compatible quartets for strings. Viola : 21 quartets that can be played by any combination of string instruments
Landscape with three people
Living toys
Musical instruments
Viva vibrato! : teacher's manual & score
Stravinsky Conducts Stravinsky : The Original Jacket Collection
Awakenings : new American chamber music for guitar
The Cambridge companion to the string quartet
Jänis istui maassa : jousiyhtyeelle = The hare sat on the ground for string ensemble
