http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14268 sexual selection
sexual selection
Evolution and sources of individual variation in mate preferences in humans
Genetic and phenotypic divergence in Drosophila virilis and D. montana
Effects of 17α-ethinyl estradiol on the mating system of the sand goby (Pomatoschistus minutus)
The new psychology of love
Ecology, sexual selection and variable mating tactics in fallow deer (Dama dama)
Why are so few women promoted into top management positions?
The descent of man
Multi-male mating and avoidance of infanticide in female bank voles (Clethrionomys glareolus)
Gender and the politics of the curriculum
Careers and family : sex roles and adolescent life plans
The age of scientific sexism : how evolutionary psychology promotes gender profiling and fans the battle of the sexes
Narrow roads of gene land. Vol. 1, Evolution of social behaviour
The influence of eutrophication on sexual selection
The art of evolution : Darwin, Darwinisms, and visual culture
Female control : sexual selection by cryptic female choice
Narrow roads of gene land : the collected papers of W. D. Hamilton. Vol. 2, The evolution of sex
The influence of eutrophication on sexual selection in sticklebacks
Pay for politicians and candidate selection : an empirical analysis
Pre- and post-copulatory sexual selection in the least killifish, Heterandria formosa
Abiotic and biotic effects on secondary sexual traits at the population and individual levels in a passerine bird
Female choice for male drumming characteristics in the wolf spider Hygrolycosa rubrofasciata
Human sperm competition : copulation, masturbation and infidelity
The evolution of insect mating systems
The Evolution of Insect Mating Systems by Thornhill and Alcock was one of the key texts that helped define modern behavioural ecology. Published in 1983, it has had a huge impact in shaping "adaptationist" approaches to the study of animal behaviour, ending up far more than the sum of its parts, and influencing the study of the evolution of reproductive behaviour far beyond the taxonomic remit of insects. While much in the original remains relevant today, our aim in this edited volume is to bring together some of world's leading insect researchers to bring the empirical and conceptual scope of the original book up to date. We explore the evolution of often complex forms of sex determination in insects, and the role of sexual selection in shaping the evolution of mating systems. Selection arising via male contest competition and female choice, both before and after copulation are discussed, as are the roles of parasites and pathogens in mediating the strength of sexual selection, and the role that parental care plays in successful reproduction.
Genetics of condition and sexual selection
The trickster brain : neuroscience, evolution, and narrative
Female mate choice and mating system among boreal Drosophila virilis group species
Cognitive biology : evolutionary and developmental perspectives on mind, brain, and behavior
Mutual mate choice in the deep snouted pipefish [Syngnathus typhle]
The evolution of mating systems in insects and arachnids
Phenotypic and genetic variations in reproduction-associated traits in Arctic charr, Salvelinus alpinus
Fitness in male black grouse (Tetrao tetrix) : effects of life histories and sexual selection on male lifetime mating success
Degrees of choice : class, race, gender and higher education
Fighting success and immune function in the wild population of the Mediterranean field cricket, Gryllus bimaculatus
Interspecific interactions and selection on secondary sexual characters in damselflies
Sexual selection results from competition between individuals over access to gametes of the opposite sex. Starting with anisogamy, with females producing larger and fewer gametes than males, females usually invest more in reproduction and thus have lower potential reproductive rates than males. Therefore males are traditionally suggested to compete over females whereas females are choosy. The different evolutionary interests between the sexes result in different selection regimes considering e.g. mating rates. In some species, this conflict is even seen as apparent struggles between males and females over mating decision and/or duration, resulting in antagonistic coevolution with both sexes evolving adaptations to gain more control over the other sex. In this thesis, I studied the role of A. paludum female abdominal spines as an adaptation to reject male mating attempts. I studied both the effect of polyandry and multiple matings on female fecundity to distinguish between the potential material and genetic benefits from mating to females. I also explored the role of various male and female morphological traits on precopulatory sexual selection and the consequent female reproductive output. My results show that female abdominal spines are likely evolved through arms races between the sexes to increase female control over mating decision but according to my studies, female spines are not under active selection. Instead, certain male morphological types were more successful in achieving matings, and mating with these males also increased female fecundity. I found that multiple matings increase female fecundity up to a point, supporting a theory of optimal female mating rate. According to my results, the benefits from multiple mating to A. paludum females result from material origin whereas polyandry per se is even detrimental to female fecundity.^
Timing of reproductive effort as an alternative mating strategy in young black grouse (Tetrao tetrix) males
Maintenance of phenotypic variation in plumage colouration in a passerine bird
The evolution of desire : strategies of human mating
The third chimpanzee : the evolution and future of the human animal
Evolutionary conflicts in a small mammal : behavioural, physiological and genetic differences between the sexes
Sexy to die for? Sexual selection and the risk of extinction
Sperm competition in birds : evolutionary causes and consequences
We trust our sciences to operate on a plane of objectivity and fact in a world of subjectivity and cultural ideologies, but should we? In The Age of Scientific Sexism, philosopher Mari Ruti offers a sharp critique of the gender profiling tendencies of evolutionary psychology, untangling the insidious threads of various gender mythologies that have infiltrated-or perhaps even define-this faux-science. Selling stereotypes as scientific facts, evolutionary psychology continually brings retrograde models of sexuality into mainstream culture: it insists that men and women live in two completely different psychological, emotional, and sexual universes, and that they will consequently always be locked in a vicious battle of the sexes. Among these regressive arguments is the assumption that men's sexuality is urgent and indiscriminate, whereas women are "naturally" reluctant, reticent, and choosy-a concept constructed to justify masculine behavior, such as cheating, that women have historically found painful. On its most basic level, The Age of Scientific Sexism explores our impulse to "explain" romantic behavior through science: in the increasingly egalitarian gender landscape of our society, why are we so eager to embrace the rampant gender profiling that evolutionary psychology promotes? Perhaps these simplistic gender caricatures owe their popularity, at least in part, to our overly pragmatic society pragmatic society, which encourages us to search for easy answers to complex questions.
Gender codes : why women are leaving computing
Pay for politicians and candidate selection : an empirical analysis /Kaisa Kotakorpi, Panu Poutvaara
Educational and gender equality in vocational education : the case of commercial education in Finland
Influences of the parasitic nematode Philometra ovata on European minnows
Health parameters and sexual signalling in yearling black grouse males (Tetrao tetrix)
Evolutionary aesthetics
Sexual selection and the origins of human mating systems
Sex and meaning : gender differences in the use and perception of attributive adjectives
Women in science : career processes and outcomes
Life history evolution in a bivoltine butterfly
Physiological trade-offs in reproduction and condition dependence of a secondary sexual trait
Expression of male secondary sexual characters and offspring genetic quality in moor frog Rana arvalis
Sexual selection and reproductive competition in insects
Context-dependent mate choice in the sand goby, Pomatoschistus minutus
The effects of inbreeding on mating success and offspring production of males and females in a Drosophila littoralis population
Sensory and non-sensory factors behind the liking and choice of healthy food products
The red queen : sex and the evolution of human nature
Barriers evolving : reproductive isolation and the early stages of biological speciation
The evolution of primary sexual characters in animals
Maintenance of genetic variation in sexual ornamentation : role of precopulatory and postcopulatory sexual selection
Polyandry, multiple mating and sexual conflict in a water strider, Aquarius paludum
Sex, size and gender roles : evolutionary studies of sexual size dimorphism
Vanity economics : an economic exploration of sex, marriage and family
Effects of mutations on sexual selection in Drosophila montana
Occupations and values
Condition-dependence of male sexual signalling in the drumming wolf spider Hygrolycosa rubrofasciata
Wild sex : the science behind mating in the animal kingdom
Larval life history, transmission strategies, and the evolution of intermediate host exploitation by complex life-cycle parasites
Abstract.
Parental characteristics versus egg survival : towards an improved genetic management in the supportive breeding of lake whitefish
Sperm competition and its evolutionary consequences in the insects
Diversity & women's career development : from adolescence to adulthood
Mating males : an evolutionary perspective on mammalian reproduction
Looking for a few good males : female choice in evolutionary biology
Ultraviolet sensitivity in birds : consequences on foraging and mate choice
Phylogeny and signal diversity in widowbirds and bishops (Euplectes spp.)
Sexual selections : what we can and can't learn about sex from animals
Current ornithology. Vol. 3
Mating behaviour influences extinction risk: insights from demographic modelling and comparative analysis of avian extinction risk
Recognition behavior based problems in species conservation
Degrees of Choice provides a sophisticated account of the overlapping effects of social class, ethnicity and gender in the process of choosing which university to attend. The shift from an elite to a mass system has been accompanied by much political rhetoric about widening access, achievement-for-all and meritocratic equalisation. This book gives a full and contrary picture, drawing on qualitative and quantitative data to show how the welcome expansion of higher education has also deepened social stratification, generating new and different inequalities. While gender inequalities have reduced, those of social class remain and are now reinforced by racial inequalities in access. Employing perspectives from the sociology of education and particularly Bourdieu's work on distinction and judgement, the book links school institutional habitus and family class habitus, with individual choice making in a socially informed dynamic. The contradictions and tensions arising from attempts to expand student numbers rapidly are vividly brought alive through the narratives of prospective applicants to higher education. Students are seen to confront vastly different degrees of choice that are powerfully shaped by their social class and race. This rich empirical study of 500 applicants to higher education draws on an award winning enquiry funded by the Economic and Social Research Council. It will be essential reading in sociology, social policy and education, and important to higher education providers and careers teachers.
The genial gene : deconstructing Darwinian selfishness
This book presents an accessible and sometimes controversial economic exploration of numerous issues surrounding sex, marriage and family. It analyzes the role of 'vanity', defined as social status and self-esteem, in social and economic behaviors. In Veblen's theory of conspicuous consumption, vanity is associated with the consumption of luxuries such as expensive handbags and cars. In this book, Simon Fan provocatively argues that vanity is obtained by having a spouse and children with perceived 'high-quality' values, for example, a beautiful wife, a tall husband or intelligent offspring. He demonstrates from various perspectives that vanity plays a crucial role in male - female relationships and intergenerational relationships. In so doing, he challenges the conventional frontier of economics and contributes to other social sciences. This unique book will appeal to the educated general reader and interested academic alike.
Bondar examines the sex lives of our animal cousins, which are fiendishly difficult, infinitely varied, and often violent. They involve razor sharp penises, murderous cannibals, and chemical warfare in an epic battle between the sexes. Like us, animals must first find the perfect partner. You think we have it tough? Try having to do it while being hunted down by predators, against a backdrop of unpredictable or life-threatening conditions. Then, sperm and egg must successfully meet. Can you imagine doing this when your partner is intent on killing you or when other disgruntled singles are determined to throw you off your game?
Immune function, parasites, and carotenoid-based ornaments in greenfinches
Mechanisms of sexual selection in the sand goby, Pomatoschistus minutus
Male mate choice in the livebearing poeciliid fish Heterandria formosa
Immunocompetence and sexual selection in insects
Sexual selection and extinction: why sex matters and asexual models are insufficient
Gender and occupational outcomes : longitudinal assessments of individual, social, and cultural influences
Sexual selection and the influence of environmental factors on operational sex ratios in the sand goby
Coevolution of male signals and female preferences in Drosophila montana and D. virilis
Mate recognition and choice in Photinus fireflies
Sexual selection
Inter- and intra-sex variations in mating strategies
The effect of eutrophication on mate choice cues
Evolution of mate signalling in moths : biosynthetic gene families and diversification of female sex pheromones
Coevolution of male signals and female preferences in <em>Drosophila montana</em> and <em>D. virilis</em>
Mate choice and genetic variation in male courtship song in Drosophila montana
The preservation of favoured morphs in the struggle between sexes
Developments in the evolutionary theory of social interactions
Sexual selection and the barn swallow
