http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14212 legal positivism
legal positivism
Abstract: Justice and society - multiple faces of jurisprudence, XIV Finninsh Law Conference
Transcending jurisprudence : a critique of the architectonics of international law
Ethics and authority in international law
Formalism and the sources of international law : a theory of the ascertainment of legal rules
Definition and rule in legal theory : a reassessment of H. L. A. Hart and the positivist tradition
Law, morality, and legal positivism : proceedings of the 21st World Congress of the International Association for Philosophy of Law and Social Philosophy (IVR) ; Lund, Sweden, 12-18 August 2003
Understanding jurisprudence : an introduction to legal theory
The argument from injustice : a reply to legal positivism
From legal principles to the interpretative theory of law : the debate between Ronald Dworkin and the positivists
Mutual expectations : a conventionalist theory of law
On the acceptability and justification of intellectual property
The unity of law and morality : a refutation of legal positivism
Which positivism?
Form and content in law : dimensions and definitions of legal positivism
Taking rights seriously
Abstract (s. 5-6).
World politics and international law
Prescriptive formality and normative rationality in modern legal systems : Festschrift for Robert S. Summers
Proceedings of the 22nd IVR World Congress, Granada 2005.. Volume 1, Legal theory : legal positivism and conceptual analysis = Teoría del derecho : positivismo jurídico y análisis conceptual
The legal theory of ethical positivism
Law as fact
Law, rights and discourse : the legal philosophy of Robert Alexy
Hans Kelsen's pure theory of law : legality and legitimacy
The autonomy of law : essays on legal positivism
The authority of law : essays on law and morality
International society : diverse ethical perspectives
Political justice : foundations for a critical philosophy of law and the state
Jurisprudence : from the Greeks to post-modernism
Leadership, rights and law
The legal-rational state
Public international law and the WTO : a reckoning of legal positivism and neoliberalism
Abstract: The europeanization of law : jurisprudential problems.
Institutional legal facts : legal powers and their effects
The invisible origins of legal positivism : a re-reading of a tradition
Agents, structures and international relations : politics as ontology
Globalisation and legal theory
General jurisprudence : understanding law from a global perspective
A call for scientific purity : Axel Hägerström's critique of legal science
Institutions of law : an essay in legal theory
Asking the law question
The view from within : an analysis and critique of legal realism and descriptive jurisprudence
Rules and reasoning : essays in honour of Fred Schauer
From positivism to idealism : a study of the moral dimensions of legality
An institutional theory of law : new approaches to legal positivism
Ratio and voluntas : the tension between reason and will in law
Markets, morals and the law
A theory of precedent : from analytical positivism to a post-analytical philosophy of law
Law as institutional normative order
Challenges to law at the end of the 20th century. Vol. 4, Legal systems and legal science : proceedings of the 17th World Congress of the International Association for Philosophy of Law and Social Philosophy (IVR) Bologna, June 16-21, 1995
At the intersection of legality and morality : Hartian law as natural law
Constructing legal systems : "European Union" in legal theory
A science of interests : the project of 20th cenury positivism in international law
Philosophy of law : an introduction
Coherence and conflict in law : proceedings of the 3rd Benelux-Scandinavian symposium in legal theory, Amsterdam, January 3-5, 1991
Legal method and the rule of law
A treatise of legal philosophy and general jurisprudence. Vol. 1, The law and the right : a reappraisal of the reality that ought to be
Hard cases in wicked legal systems : pathologies of legality
A science of interests : the project of 20th century positivist international law
Legal positivism in American jurisprudence
Asking the law question : the dissolution of legal theory
In Defense of Legal Positivism : law without trimmings
The twelwe tables
The project of positivism in international law
Philosophy of law
Thinking without desire : a first philosophy of law
Critical substantive validity testing of legal norms : the example of homes for care or residence
This book explores how globalisation influences the understanding of law. Adopting a broad concept of law and a global perspective, it critically reviews mainstream Western traditions of academic law and legal theory. Its central thesis is that most processes of so-called 'globalisation' take place at sub-global levels and that a healthy cosmopolitan discipline of law should encompass all levels of social relations and the legal ordering of these relations. It illustrates how the mainstream Western canon of jurisprudence needs to be critically reviewed and extended to take account of other legal traditions and cultures. Written by the one of the foremost scholars in the field, this important work presents an exciting alternative vision of jurisprudence. It challenges the traditional canon of legal theorists and guides the reader through a field undergoing seismic changes in the era of globalisation. This is essential reading for all students of jurisprudence and legal theory.
Modern social work theory
The concept of law
Proportionality and best interests : calibrating the twin pillars of child justice in Nigeria
A science of interests : the project of 20th century positivism in international law
Introduction to law and legal thinking
Overcoming law
Positivism : legal and logical
Prudentia iuris : the art of the good and the just
Law as a means to an end : threat to the rule of law
Theoretical criminology : from modernity to post-modernism
