http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14214 environmental responsibility
environmental responsibility
Nordic institutional investors : an empirical investigation of determinants for ESG-implementation
Raising a ladder to the moon : the complexities of corporate social and environmental responsibility
Corporate responses to climate change : study of the United States and the United Kingdom
European sustainable freight : the role of contract law
Environmental liabilities and insurance
IMISS2013 : proceedings of the International Scientific Meeting for Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) in Shipping, 2nd International Maritime Incident and Near Miss Reporting Conference 11-12 June 2013, Kotka, Finland
Places of refuge and environmental liability and compensation in the EU : an update
Biotechnology, property rights and the environment : towards a new legal order especially considering GMOs and the Finnish agriculture
Green economy and green jobs in China : current status and potentials for 2020
Corporate social responsibility : programs and place in the business strategy
Environmentally conscious materials handling
United approach needed to save Baltic
Biomimicry as a design reference : the sustainable potentiality of textile design mimicking nature’s ways
Environmental liability in the EU : the 2004 directive compared with US and Member State law
Abstract (s. 287-292).
Strategic corporate social responsibility : stakeholders, globalization, and sustainable value creation
Visions of sustainability : cities and regions
Ecological intelligence : the coming age of radical transparency
The economical benefits of improved environmental perfomance : an analysis of the company level effects
Corporate responsibility orientation of forest industry companies
Let my people go surfing : the education of a reluctant businessman
The ethics of waste : how we relate to rubbish
A green guide to your natural pregnancy and birth : the kind way for you, your baby and the environment
Good green guide for small businesses : how to change the way your business works for the better
Faced with man-made climate change and the need to provide housing for a growing world population, society needs to rethink the way future buildings are made. Wood is a truly renewable building material that is unlimited in supply if its growth and harvest are sustainably managed. Recent technological advancements in engineering allow the use of timber for the construction of multi-story structures, turning our buildings into carbon sinks rather than becoming sources for CO2-emissions.0The book presents convincing arguments for the increased use of wood as an alternative to more fossil fuel intensive building materials, with the goal of demonstrating that an integrated approach can have the potential for positive impact on the environment, local economies, and the building culture at large.
This new breed of billion-dollar businesses proves it's possible to achieve enormous success while implementing sustainable principles that help consumers live better lives. Ranging fromstart-ups to business lines incubated within major multi nationals, these companies collectively represent over $60 billion in revenue. What's more - many command wider profit mar ginsand are growing faster than their conventional counterparts.
The many faces of responsibility : acceptability of the industry in various societies
Finnair competitive advantage through environmental responsibility
Making sustainability stick : the blueprint for successful implementation
Corporate social responsibility disclosure practices in Vietnam : differences between English and Vietnamese versions of large listed companies
Environment, ethics and the corporation
Designing thoughts into cultural plurality
Corporate social responsibility and shipping : views of Baltic Sea shipping companies on the benefits of responsibility
Responsible business through sustainable recycling = Vastuullista liiketoimintaa kestävällä kierrätyksellä : presentations and papers for the seminar 30.9.2010, Forssa
The green business guide : a one stop resource for businesses of all shapes and sizes to implement eco-friendly policies, programs, and practices
Innovative practical strategies for incorporating sustainable working practices into both institutional and individual curatorial practice.
The environmental responsibility reader
Green business
Remediation of significant environmental damage : manual on procedures
Cleaning up the environment : hazardous waste technology
Fair trade roses & corporate social responsibility : Gimmick or genuine
Environmental liabilities in ports and coastal areas : focus on public authorities and other actors
Environmental liability of operators in ports : with some comments on the concept of environmental damage
Private property and environmental responsibility : a comparative study of German real property law
This collection gathers a set of seminal papers from the emerging area of ethics and climate change. Topics covered include human rights, international justice, intergenerational ethics, individual responsibility, climate economics, and the ethics of geoengineering. Climate Ethics is intended to serve as a source book for general reference, and for university courses that include a focus on the human dimensions of climate change. It should be of broad interest to all those concerned with global justice, environmental science and policy, and the future of humanity.
Sustainable museums : strategies for the 21st century
Understanding customer requirements through sustainability reports
Analyzing the impact on consumer satisfaction, behavior and at-titudes by using eco-friendly practices and products in Surfers Paradise/Gold Coast city hotels, Australia.
Making cities energy efficient : urban and regional planning adopting RES
Consumption and everyday life
Design thinking for corporate sustainability : a case study on the contribution of design thinking in corporate social responsibility
China and international environmental liability : legal remedies for transboundary pollution
Higher ground : How to travel responsibly without roughing it
Environmental ethics : from theory to practice
Consumer attitudes towards buying organic food
Environmental ethics : the big questions
The role of China in global dirty industry migration
Corporate social responsibility is becoming more and more current issue and some sort of a hot topic in the business world. Companies are putting more effort into their own responsible activities than they did before and at the same time the public awareness of responsibilities of companies is growing. This thesis focuses on the tools for managing corporate social responsibility. The aim is to find out what kind of tools there are, which are the most suitable for the needs of small and medium enterprises and also to clarify the basic concepts and contents of CSR. This thesis is a qualitative research and interviews were used as the research method. Information about the CSR tools were gathered based on the interviews and also the selection criteria for the right tools for SMEs was drafted. The results show that the selection of tools is quite large. There are CSR tools for various purposes. Some are only for reporting CSR, some are designed to help companies in their environmental issues and some offer advice in the financial aspects of business. The conclusions state that only few of tools introduced are suitable for SMEs with little to no changes made to the principles of the tools. Most of the tools are developed for the purposes of bigger enterprises and without any changes they would require a lot of resources from an SME to be implemented properly.
Corporate social responsibility report : working for the region : summary in English
Patagonia, Inc. is one of the earth's most interesting and inspiring companies. For almost forty years, its reputation for high quality, maverick innovation, and long-term environmental responsibility has put it in a class by itself. And everything flows from Patagonia's founder, Yvon Chouinard, whose creation myth is now an American business legend. Here, Yvon Chouinard relates his and his company's story and the core philosophies that have sustained Patagonia, Inc. year in and year out. This is not another story of a successful businessman who manages on the side to do great good and have grand adventures; it's the story of a man who brought doing good and having grand adventures into the heart of his business model--and who enjoyed even more business success as a result.--From publisher description.
State-responsibility for cross-border environmental damage : why Argentina wants to sue Uruguay over a Finnish-owned factory
Environmental policy analysis and practice
Fair trade role in developing corporate social responsibility
Build a green small business : profitable ways to become an ecopreneur
Values-based service for sustainable business : lessons from IKEA
The colour green : a structural approach to the environment-consumption nexus
Beyond stakeholder dialogue: Corporate NGO-alliances : Developing dialogue with WWF finland
The EU environmental liability directive : a commentary
The sustainable enterprise : profiting from best practice
Ethics for the built environment
Mitigation of greenhouse gas emissions in livestock production : a review of technical options for non-CO2 emissions
Climate change liability : transnational law and practice
Fair Trade is arguably a contested brand in the market. There has been a debate to whether Fair Trade is really fair. Fair Trade claims to help producers in developing countries to compete fairly in the international market. The author commissioned an independent study on Fair Trade Roses. The main objective of the research was conducted to find out whether Fair Trade was actually helping producers in Kenya. The topic was triggered by the author's curiosity in Fair Trade. The Fair Trade Roses spurred the author's interest as it came from a developing country, Kenya which the author has ties to. The case study was based on Fair Trade Roses which are grown in Kenya, a developing country and how and if Fair Trade has helped the individuals involved. The thesis was a qualitative study and most of the secondary research data was collected from several literature and online sources. The primary data was collected through interviews; a flower farm field visit, and events related to Fair Trade attended by the author. The research and study took 10 months to gather information. The author discovered negative aspects to Fair Trade that question Fair Trade's authenticity. Its sale in Finland has been tremendous growth of corporations selling the product it is overall positive and helpful towards the socio-economic development of development communities.
Integrating sustainability into marketing and developing a new meaninful brand : case study: Green Company Effect
The business of bees : an integrated approach to bee decline and corporate responsibility
Supporting whose interest? : discussions on corporate social responsibility in business media texts - the case of Romania
Socially responsible investment and a possible launch of a climate awareness bond at Nordic Investment Bank
"Switch the lights off  : Employee argumentation on acceptance or rejection of corporate environmentalism in a financial corporation
Psychology of sustainability : an applied perspective
Connectivity conservation management : a global guide (with particular reference to mountain connectivity conservation)
Climate ethics : essential readings
Why care for nature? : in search of an ethical framework for environmental responsibility and education
Materials management in sustainable construction engineering
What corporate responsibility research can give to business know-how : values, strategies and practices
The ecology of commerce : a declaration of sustainability
Just Climate? : Politics of Climate Change and Environmental Justice
The political economy of corporate responsibility in Brazil : social and environmental dimensions
Turku University of Applied Sciences : corporate social responsibility review
The price of civilization : reawakening American virtue and prosperity
Green Solutions for Logistics Customers : Case Study: DHL
Public libraries going green
Circulation economics : theory and practice
Conversion to organic wine production : exploring the economic performance impacts
Environments, natures and social theory : towards a critical hybridity
The spirit of design : objects, environment, and meaning
Character and environment : a virtue-oriented approach to environmental ethics
The good shopping guide
Voluntary standards and certification for environmentally and socially responsible agricultural production and trade
Carbon strategies : how leading companies are reducing their climate change footprint
The environment : a sociological introduction
Corporate sustainability management : the art and science of managing non-financial performance
"Providing insights from leading global experts from the environmental technology and finance sectors, under the guidance of Will Oulton, Director of Responsible Investment at FTSE Group, this important book looks at the prospects for low carbon technologies and services which are fundamental to mitigating climate change. The book also shows how the fast developing global environmental technology sector can provide excellent long term, sustainable and superior investment opportunities." -- Back cover.
Sustainability strategies : when does it pay to be green?
Oil and gas decommissioning : law, policy and comparative practice
Environmental rhetoric in Finnish business : environmental values and stakeholder relations in the corporate argumentation of acceptable environmental management
The Business of Bees provided the first integrated account of diminishing bee populations, as well as other pollinators, from an interdisciplinary perspective. It explores the role of corporate responsibility and governance as they relate to this critical issue and examines what the impact will be on consumers, companies, stock markets and ultimately on global society if bee populations continue to decline at a dangerous rate. The book considers the issue of global bee population decline from a variety of disciplines, collecting the perspectives of academics in accounting, science and humanities, with those of practitioners in the finance industry. The chapters explore the impact of the rapid declines in pollinator populations on the natural world, on corporations, on the stock market and on accounting. The Business of Bees will be essential reading for those in academia, business and finance sectors and anyone invested in the future of our planet.
CSR tools for Finnish SMEs
Sustainable economy : corporate, social and environmental responsibility
ARRR11 : annual responsibility report 2011
German environmental liability law and the implementation of the environmental liability directive
Moral intelligence : enhancing business performance & leadership success
Activities 2009 : overview
Green business : an a-to-z guide
Portfolio for the planet : lessons from 10 years of impact investing
Life Cycle Assessment and its Role in Marketing
Corporate social-responsibility and environmental management
Environmental management systems : understanding organisational drivers and barriers
Rethinking consumer behaviour for the well-being of all : reflections on individual consumer responsibility
The significance of environmental responsibility on airline customers' intention to purchase
Sustainability ROI measurement : towards a more comprehensive model on sustainability investment decision-making : a case study
Start your own green business : your step-by-step guide to success
Emotional, ethical, and ecological responsibilities toward the environment
Green giants : how smart companies turn sustainability into billion-dollar businesses
The global corporation : sustainable, effective and ethical practices : a case book
The level of environmental responsibility in the Chinese market : the possibilities of liquid packages to succeed as pro-environmental products in China
The new accountability : environmental responsibility across borders
Using liability in assigning responsibility for environmental impact : a review
Green to gold : how smart companies use environmental strategy to innovate, create value, and build competitive advantage
Green, greener, greenest : a practical guide to making eco-smart choices a part of your life
A natural guide to bringing up your baby : the kind way for you and your baby (newborn to 3 years)
"Drawing on case studies, this book provides a fresh understanding of democratic accountability for transboundary and global harm and argues that environmental responsibility should be established in open public discussions about harm and risk"--Provided by publisher.
Human dignity in the learning environment : testing a sociological paradigm for a diversity-positive milieu with school starters
Rehabilitating damaged ecosystems. Volume 2
Environmental ethics : an introduction to environmental philosophy
International handbook on ecotourism
Micro : very small architecture
Tools for the design revolution : design knowledge for the future
The green library : the challenge of environment sustainability = Die Grü̈ne Bibliothek : Ökologische Nachhaltigkeit in der Praxis
Greening downstream supply chain
Ambiguities in decision-oriented life cycle inventories : the role of mental models and values
This book shows how questions about the environment cannot be properly answered without taking a sociological approach. It provides a comprehensive guide to the ways in which sociologists have responded to the challenge of environmental issues as diverse as global warming, ozone depletion, biodiversity loss and marine pollution. It also covers sociological ideas such as risk, interpretations of nature, environmental realism, ecological modernization and globalization. Environmentalism and green politics are also introduced. Unlike many other texts in the field, the book takes a long-term view, locating environmental dilemmas within the context of social development and globalization. The Environment: A Sociological Introduction is unique in presenting environmental issues at an introductory level that assumes no specialist knowledge on the part of readers. The book is written in a remarkably clear and accessible style, and uses a rich range of empirical examples from across the globe to illustrate key debates. A carefully assembled glossary and annotated further reading suggestions also help to bring ideas to life. The book will be a valuable resource for students in a range of disciplines, including sociology, geography and the environmental sciences, but also for anyone who wants to get to grips with contemporary environmental debates.
Just climate? : politics of climate change and cnvironmental justice
From Social Responsibility to Environmental Responsibility - Changes in the Finnish Business Discourse from 1970 to 1995
Ethics and sustainability : sustainable development and the moral life
Literature and the crime against nature
A green guide to bringing up your baby : the kind way for you, your baby (0-3) and the environment
Creating sustainable prosperity in the United States : the need for innovation and leadership
How the making and marketing of sustainable brand affect consumer behaviour
Clean tech, clean profits : using effective innovation and sustainable business practices to win in the new low-carbon economy
Turning point in timber construction : a new economy
"Psychology of Sustainability: An Applied Perspective examines the many psychological factors that lead to human behavioral effects on the environment. Because applied psychology is concerned with defining criteria and finding precursor variables that can be manipulated, this textbook is neatly structured to represent the principles of applied psychology. Each chapter will apply elements from a basic research area into the context of criteria specific to sustainability. Until recently, applied psychology received minimal attention from professors and professionals in sustainability. At the same time, increased interest has led many universities to offer courses on "Psychology of Sustainability." This book is the perfect text to provide an introduction to the subject. Throughout the book, readers will find new ways of framing questions related to human adaptability and evolutionary psychology. Psychology of Sustainability is ideal for students or professionals who are looking to contribute to the conversation"--
Activities 2006 : overview
Advances in environmental accounting & management. Vol. 2
Global forests in the sustainable satisfaction of human needs
Blending theory with practical application, Strategic Corporate Social Responsibility, Third Edition is a comprehensive CSR and strategy text. As such, it supports courses taught either as standalone electives or as core components of the business school curriculum across all discipline areas. Integral to the book’s unique format is its mix of theory and practical application divided into two parts. After five chapters that provide an overview of the field, core concepts, and practical challenges, the second half of the book illustrates the extensive and dynamic nature of CSR via 21 detailed issues and case-studies. The cases capture contentious debates across the spectrum of CSR topics that culminate with a series of questions designed to stimulate further investigation and debate
"There are a lot of activities going on but how do you make those known" : the challenge of organizational environmental communication in ICT-company
Handbook of environmental accounting
Multistage coalition formation game of a self-enforcing international environmental agreement
Making sustainability work : best practices in managing and measuring corporate social, environmental and economic impacts
Conversations with green gurus : the collective wisdom of environmental movers and shakers
A multi-stakeholder perspective on sustainable marketing : studying business-society relations through action research
Corporate responsibility : governance compliance and ethics in a sustainable environment
In recent years, corporations of all sizes and orientations have become more sensitive to social issues and stakeholder concerns, and they are collectively striving to become better corporate citizens (in some cases, urged on by shareholder pressure or government regulations). The best practices in corporate sustainability are no longer the exclusive domain of companies like Ben & Jerry's or Body Shop as they were a decade ago; now, large, multi-national companies like G.E. and Wal-Mart are leading the way with significant financial and organizational commitments to social and environmental issues. To help managers and academics keep their eye on the ever-moving target of sustainability, award-winning author and academic Marc Epstein's provides an authoritative and comprehensive guide to implementing corporate sustainability initiatives and to measuring both their social and financial impacts.
Towards meaningfulness : rediscovering the equilibrium
Environmental liabilities in chartering relations : the division of environmental liabilities and risks in charterparties
The environmental responsibility of German hotel and restaurant industry : opportunities of managing organic waste occurring in the food and beverage department
Environmetal liability and the precautionary principle
Towards sustainable tourism in Finland : the results of an eco audit experiment in ten tourist enterprises and suggestions for further measures
The communication of social and environmental performance to discharge stakeholder accountability : a case study of Talvivaara Mining Company Limited
Legal aspects of soil pollution and decontamination in the EU member states and the United States
Corporate social responsibility and sustainable business : a guide to leadership tasks and functions
Social and environmental accounting
Practical sustainability : from grounded theory to emerging strategies
Corporate social responsibility reporting and financial market performance : do investors care about CSR disclosures
National differences in setting the severity treshold for application of the environmental liability directive
Investment opportunities for a low carbon world
Environmental quality of wood products : preliminary study about the UK market
Assessment 2007 : oil and gas activities in the Arctic - effects and potential effects. Volume I
A practical guide to LCA for students, designers and business managers
Environmental technology and employment : current thinking in Finland
Essentials of strategic management
Arctic visions : a path to responsible development
Confessions of an eco-sinner : tracking down the sources of my stuff
Social Responsibility & Business
