http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14291 fanaticism
fanaticism
Famous fanatics : historical and religious
Illuminates the impact of the two British revolutions of the seventeenth century and the shifts in religious, political, scientific, literary, economic, social, and moral culture that they brought about, looking at the fascinating story of one family and their locality: the Cowpers of Hertford.
Bring on the apocalypse : six arguments for global justice
Fanaticism : on the uses of an idea
Blasphemy
Americus
The fundamentalist mindset : psychological perspectives on religion, violence, and history
Kant's moral metaphysics : God, freedom, and immortality
A thrilling tale that leads from ventriloquism and mania to a family murder and emotional breakdown, Charles Brockden Brown's "Wieland or The Transformation" (1798) ties revolutionary-era Gothic themes to struggles over the politics of Enlightenment on both sides of the Atlantic. This edition of "Wieland" includes Brown's "Memoirs of Carwin" the "Biloquist" and writings on Cicero, as well as his key essays on history and literature, and selections from contemporary German and other texts that figure in the novel's background and in the charged atmosphere of the late 1790s.
The offering
In the dark, in the woods
How to cure a fanatic
The priest of evil
The devil in disguise : deception, delusion, and fanaticism in the early English enlightenment
In a small New England town over half a century ago, a boy is playing with his new toy soldiers in the dirt in front of his house when a shadow falls over him. He looks up to see a striking man, the new minister, Jamie learns later, who with his beautiful wife, will transform the church and the town. The men and boys are a bit in love with Mrs. Jacobs; the women and girls, with the Reverend Jacobs - including Jamie's sisters and mother. Then tragedy strikes, and this charismatic preacher curses God, and is banished from the shocked town. Jamie has demons of his own. Wed to his guitar from age 13, he plays in bands across the country, running from his own family tragedies, losing one job after another when his addictions get the better of him. Decades later, sober and living a decent life, he and Reverend Charles Jacobs meet again in a pact beyond even the Devil's devising, and the many terrifying meanings of Revival are revealed
Civil society and fanaticism : conjoined histories
The clash within : democracy, religious violence, and India's future
The Dylanologists : adventures in the land of Bob
Oklahoma teen Neal Barton stands up for his favorite fantasy series, The Chronicles of Apathea Ravenchilde, when conservative Christians try to bully the town of Americus into banning it from the public library.
Ultimate devotion : the historical impact and archaeological expression of intense religious movements
Football as a platform for social belonging : being an Ultra
The hidden light of objects
Apocalypse
Talking to the enemy : violent extremism, sacred values, and what it means to be human
Innocence lost : Islamism and the battle over values and world order
The dark side of the Left : illiberal Egalitarianism in America
Wieland, or, The transformation : an American tale, with related texts
Before the frost
Incredible forgiveness : Christian ethics between fanaticism and reconciliation
