http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14276 venture capital
venture capital
Impact of a venture capitalists' value added on value of a venture
Modern banking in theory and practice
Asymmetric information and the market structure of the venture capital industry
Financing instruments of Finnish Companies Act in venture capital investing in the light of principal-agency theory
The portable MBA in entrepreneurship : case studies
Private equity as an asset class
The entrepreneur's initial contact with a venture capitalist - why good projects may choose to wait
The Finnish ICT industry : An analysis of company demographics, internal and external operating conditions
Different types of venture capital investors and value-added to high-tech portfolio firms
Venture capital contracting and the valuation of high-technology firms
Venture capital investments and financing in Estonia : a case study approach
Advanced credit analysis
Opportunities and challenges of financing a game start-up in Finland
The SME financing gap. Vol. 1, Theory and evidence
Venture capitalist's exit vehicles and their effects on perceived utility, allocation of rewards and contract structure
Obtaining venture financing : a guide for entrepreneurs
Understanding the strategies of venture capital investors in helping their portfolio firms to become international
Private equity : examining the new conglomerates of European business
A stock option based incentive scheme with an endogenous strike price
Investing in China : the emerging venture capital industry in China
Management accounting and control systems used by R&D intensive firms in different organizational life-cycle stages
Performance of Finnish hedge funds during financial crisis
Studies on macroeconomics and uncertainty
Essays on corporate hedging
Venture capital, private equity, and the financing of entrepreneurship : the power of active investing
Tightening regulation has only a limited impact on loan margins
Importance of the non-financial value added of government and independent venture capitalists
More than money : acquiring finance for a hight technology startup
Private equity finance : rise and repercussions
Venture capital funds in the development of technology windows and new business ventures of corporations
Oil prices and stock returns : evidence from emerging markets
Do networks of financial intermediaries help reduce local bias? : Evidence from cross-border venture capital
Essays on higher moments in macroeconomics and finance
The effectiveness of the Finnish pre-seed and seed policy schemes to promote innovative high-growth entrepreneurial ventures
New venture experience
Angel investing in Finland : an analysis based on agency theory and the incomplete contracting theory
Effect of public private equity programs on the development of private equity industry
Company law and finance
An examination of how entrepreneurs can improve their position in relation to investors
Venture capital industries and policies : some cross-country comparisons
Angel investing : the Gust guide to making money and having fun investing in startups
Determinants of country creditworthiness : an empirical investigation, 1980-1989
Syndication in venture capital
Tax treatment of foreign investors in Finnish venture capital funds
Non-financial value-added of venture capital : a comparative study of different venture capital investors
Commitment of venture capital investors in cross-border syndication networks
The role of venture capital in filling the equity gap : an analysis of policy issues
The Swedish venture capital
Philanthropic venture capital : venture capital for social entrepreneurs?
New venture investment : choices and consequences
From relational capital to venture capital:financing entrepreneurial international new ventures
OTC derivatives: bilateral trading and central clearing : An introduction to regulatory policy, market impact and systemic risk
Venture capital syndication : synthesis and future directions
How should the countercyclical capital buffer requirement be applied?
Summary (s. 9-13).
The future of private equity : beyond the mega buyout
Basel accord and corporate bond yield spreads
Financial resources for starting up small bio companies in Finland : case study: bioBITcom
Investigating value at risk : how is capital requirement determined? : fixed or dynamic and which one is the best?
The venture capital handbook
Since social entrepreneurship is a relatively young activity, resource-rich actors, like Philanthropic VCs, have considerable influence over how the space matures (Nicholls, 2010b). The resources and strategic advice that PhVCs provide their SEs shape an institutional logic for the domain. As such, PhVCs enhance legitimacy of the emerging area of social entrepreneurship. This monograph's main contribution is to delineate the current state of PhVC, identifying differences with traditional VC financing, and identify areas of future research. In particular, this work responds to Nicholls (2010b) and Austin et al.'s (2006) call for research on what types of finance SEs have access to. More specifically, we focus on understanding what PhVC is and how its social value creation investment logic makes it different from traditional VC, opening avenues for future research in this area. We do not cover how PhVCs raise their funds as we are interested in the relationship between the philanthropic investor and the SE.
Founder turnover in venture capital backed start-up companies
The foreseeable tightening of bank capital requirements will only marginally add to bank costs and, by extension, to loan margins. The other side of the coin is that the most important tool at the disposal of the Financial Supervisory Authority for preventing threats to stability from excessive credit growth - the countercyclical capital buffer requirement - may turn out to be a more ineffective macroprudential instrument than hoped for. Regulation of minimum risk weights for housing loans is likely to be a more effective tool for reining in excessive growth in lending for house purchase..
From relational capital to venture capital : financing entrepreneurial international new ventures
Do you sincerely want to be rich? : Bernard Cornfield and IOS : an international swindle
Financial, hierarchy, risk and taxes in the determination of corporate debt policy : preliminary results with Finnish data
The importance of venture capital for Finnish SMEs
Financial vulnerabilities in emerging Europe : an overview
Evaluation of value-at-risk models in the European Union candidate states : evidence from the Serbian stock market
The prospects for successful early-stage venture capital in Finland
Strategy logic of the venture capitalist : understanding venture capitalism - the businesses within - by exploring linkages between ownership and strategy of venture capital companies, over time, in America and Europe
Venture capital : the definitive guide for entrepreneurs, investors and practitioners
Executive summary.
Studies on the venture capital process
Doing capitalism in the innovation economy : markets, speculation and the state
Innovation, technology and risk capital
The value adding role of venture capital in Finnish SMEs
Venture capital firms and business angels' syndications in Finland
Handbook of research on venture capital. Vol. 2, A globalizing industry
Venture capital industry in Finland : country report for the venture fun project
Venture capital and private equity : a casebook
Financing clean energy market creation : clean energy ventures, venture capitalists and other investors
Cross-border venture capital and new venture internationalization : an isomorphism perspective
Start-up investment with scarce venture capital support
Essays on cross-border venture capital : a grounded theory approach
The startup game : inside the partnership between venture capitalists and entrepreneurs
Summary.
Venture capital and the finance of innovation
The countercyclical capital buffer requirement is one of the new macroprudential instruments that will come into use in Finland. It enables the strengthening of the banking sector's resilience to systemic risks resulting from excessive credit growth. In setting the requirement, strong emphasis should be placed on a small range of indicators to be selected, defined and published in advance. In contrast, reducing or releasing the buffer should primarily be based on judgment by the relevant authorities..
Assessment of capital adequacy in the banking sector : the BIS ratio vs. an alternative multivariate approach
Handbook of research on venture capital
The association between accounting information and stock prices : model development and empirical tests based on Swedish data
The venture capital industry in Europe
Tips and traps for entrepreneurs : real-life ideas and solutions for the toughest problems facing entrepreneurs
Russian venture capital markets
Crisis preparedness through co-operation between municipalities and non-governmental organizations
Done deals : venture capitalists tell their stories
Financial systems, corporate investment in innovation and venture capital
A review of the principal-agent theory and the theory of incomplete contracts : an examination of the venture capital context
The triple helix : university-industry-government innovation in action
The SME financing gap. Vol. 2, Proceedings of the Brasilia Conference, 27-30 March 2006
The Oxford handbook of venture capital
SuperCash : the new hedge fund capitalism
Venture-to-Capital : a new framework for growth venturing and professional ownership
Against the backdrop of the international financial and economic crisis, this paper seeks to identify financial vulnerabilities in Emerging Europe. Data are presented for 20 countries using a 'balance-sheet' framework to disaggregate financial weaknesses within each economy. First, financial flow imbalances and general macroeconomic weaknesses are identified, leading to a discussion of the financial stock imbalances that were caused by these persistent flow imbalances. The paper concludes with an assessment of which countries are most vulnerable to any potential 'sudden-stop' of financial flows to the region.   Key words: financial crisis, balance-sheets, emerging economies, Emerging Europe .
Raising venture capital
The growth of venture capital : a cross-cultural comparison
Innovation and entrepreneurship in the healthcare sector : from idea to funding to launch
Iceye -start up project : financial approach
Venture deals : be smarter than your lawyer and venture capitalist
Start-Up : what we may still learn from Silicon Valley
Venture capital (VC) refers to investments provided to early-stage, innovative, and high growth start-up companies. A common characteristic of all venture capital investments is that investee companies do not have cash flows to pay interest on debt or dividends on equity. Rather, investments are made with a view towards capital gain on exit. The most sought after exit routes are an initial public offering (IPO), where a company lists on a stock exchange for the first time, and an acquisition exit (trade sale), where the company is sold in entirety to another company. However, VCs often exit their investments by secondary sales, wherein the entrepreneur retains his or her share but the VC sells to another company or investor buybacks, where the entrepreneur repurchases the VC`s interest and write-offs (liquidations). The Oxford Handbook of Venture Capital provides a comprehensive picture of all the issues dealing with the structure, governance, and performance of venture capital from a global perspective. The handbook comprises contributions from 55 authors currently based in 12 different countries.
Investor-entrepreneur relationships : investment decision process and asymmetric information
Attracting cross-border venture capital : the role of a local investor
Saigon Hi-tech Park Venture Capital Fund and Model
The experimental nature of new venture creation : capitalizing on open innovation 2.0
Corporate actions : a guide to securities event management
The perceived value-added of venture capital investors : evidence from Finnish biotechnology industry
'Coaching' small biotech companies into success : the value-adding function of VC
The future of finance : how private equity and venture capital will shape the global economy
This dissertation is comprised of three independent essays with the unifying theme of how uncertainty affects the macroeconomy. The first essay studies an incomplete market economy where the firm faces a non-trivial investment decision due to capital adjustment costs. The adjustment costs make the price of capital endogenous and help to explain the observed volatility of the returns to physical capital. The particular form of market incompleteness that is assumed in the essay is however not enough to match the observed price of risk. The essay contains also a technical contribution in showing how Arrow prices of contingent commodities can be used in computing the equilibrium in this class of models.The second essay studies the effect of population aging on asset prices. The modeling framework features deterministic transition paths for demographic structure and level of government expenditures along with aggregate uncertainty at business cycle frequency. The demographic transition leads to a projected increase of in tax rates that are needed to finance the government expenditures. This requires higher savings rates from households which reduces volatility of consumption growth and reduces the price of aggregate risk.The third essay is an empirical study which uses betting market data from the Swedish harness horse racing in conjunction with economic confidence indices. The main finding is that the risk attitudes of bettors that are reflected by the betting market data covary with the more traditional confidence measures in a reasonable way. The essay also contains a simple forecasting exercise which shows that the novel risk measure may also be useful in forecasting the industrial production. The results of the study are interpreted in terms of behavioral macroeconomics.
A case study of board control and governance in a venture capital portfolio company 1980-1997
Close-ups from afar : the nature of the informal venture capital market in a spatial context
