http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14266 Jungian psychology
Jungian psychology
Six key approaches to counselling and therapy
Addiction to perfection : the still unravished bride : a psychological study
Human being human : culture and the soul
In midlife : a Jungian perspective
Teaching Jung
Jung : a feminist revision
Jung and intuition : on the centrality and variety of forms of intuition in Jung and post-Jungians
Coming into mind : the mind-brain relationship : a Jungian clinical perspective
Psychological insight into the Bible : texts and readings
We : understanding the psychology of romantic love
Jungian archetypes in 20th century women's fiction : the persona, the shadow, the animus, and the self
Hags and heroes : a feminist approach to Jungian psychotherapy with couples
The ravaged bridegroom : masculinity in women
Jung : a biography
The idea of a colony : cross-culturalism in modern poetry
The red book = Liber novus
Archetype : a natural history of the self
Transformation : emergence of the self
Jung & film. 2, The return : further post-Jungian reflections on the moving image
Articles on experiences. 3, Christmas experiences
Animus and Anima
The mythological unconscious
The alchemy of healing : psyche and soma
Carl Jung, Darwin of the mind
The rupture of time : synchronicity and Jung's critique of modern Western culture
The handbook of Jungian psychology : theory, practice, and applications
Authentic movement : moving the body, moving the self, being moved : a collection of essays. Vol. 2
The red book = Liber novus : a reader's edition
The twenty-first century could well be Jung's century, just as the twentieth century was Freud's. Jung predicted the demise of secular humanism and claimed we would search for alternatives to science, atheism and reason. We would experience a new and even unfashionable appetite for the sacred. Educated people, however, would not return to unreconstructed religions, because these do not express the life of the spirit as discerned by modern consciousness. The sacred has developed a darker hue, and worshipping symbols of light and goodness no longer satisfies the longings of the soul. The new sacred cannot be contained by the formulas of the past, but nor can we live without a sense of the sacred. We stand in a difficult place: between traditional religions we have outgrown and a pervasive materialism we can no longer embrace. These changes in our culture have come sooner than Jung might have imagined. In his time Jung struck many as eccentric or unscientific. But his works speak to our time since we have experienced the full gamut of Jungian transformations: the unsettlement of Judeo-Christian culture, the rise of the feminine, the onslaught of the dark side, the critique of modernism and positivism, and the recognition that the Western ego is neither the pinnacle of evolution nor the lord of creation. A new life is needed beyond the ego, but we do not yet know what it will look like. The outbreak of strong religion and terrorism are signs of the times, but these are expressions of a distorted and repressed spirit, and not, one hopes, genuine pointers to the future. What the future holds is uncertain, but Jung's prophetic vision helps to prepare us for what is to come, and this will be of great interest to analytical psychologists and psychoanalysts, as well as to theologians, futurists, sociologists, and the general reader.
Beyond psyche : symbol and transcendence in C. G. Jung
The darkening spirit : Jung, spirituality, religion
Jung and the human psyche : an understandable introduction
Awakening the heroes within : twelve archetypes to help us find ourselves and transform our world
Jung on mythology
Integrity : doing the right thing for the right reason
The redemption of the feminine erotic soul
Jung and the making of modern psychology : the dream of a science
Goethe's Faust : notes for a Jungian commentary
The cultural complex : contemporary Jungian perspectives on psyche and society
Ring of power : symbols and themes love vs. power in Wagner's Ring circle and in us : a Jungian-feminist perspective
Carl Jung and Alcoholics Anonymous: the twelve steps as a spiritual journey of individuation
Jungian literary criticism
Education and imagination : post-Jungian perspectives
Dying and creating : a search for meaning
The fantasy principle : psychoanalysis of the imagination
The living God and our living psyche : what Christians can learn from Carl Jung
Mapping the organizational psyche : a Jungian theory of organizational dynamics and change
The far side of madness
Controversies in analytical psychology
The problem is the solution : a Jungian approach to a meaningful life
Jung's map of the soul : an introduction
A little book on the human shadow
At the stroke of noon : Anita Brookner's A Misalliance as a novel of mid-life rebirth and transformation
The dream in Islam : from Qur'anic tradition to Jihadist inspiration
Childhood re-imagined : images and narratives of development in analytical psychology
The quest for the phoenix : spiritual alchemy and Rosicrucianism in the work of Count Michael Maier (1569-1622)
Jung & film : post Jungian takes on the moving image
Women in twentieth-century literature : a Jungian view
Trauma and the soul : a psycho-spiritual approach to human development and its interruption
Psyche and the arts : Jungian approaches to music, architecture, literature, film and painting
Field, form, and fate : patterns in mind, nature, and psyche
Conscience and Jung's moral vision : from id to thou
The art of dying : a jungian view of patients' drawings
The scapegoat complex : toward a mythology of shadow and guilt
Archetypal dimensions of the psyche
Carl Jung : wounded healer of the soul
Jungian psychoanalysis : working in the spirit of C.G. Jung
Gender, countertransference, and the erotic transference : perspectives from analytical psychology and psychoanalysis
The inner world of trauma : archetypal defenses of the personal spirit
Jungian dream interpretation : a handbook of theory and practice
House : the wounded healer on television : Jungian and post-Jungian reflections
Articles on experiences 3 : Christmas experiences
Analytical psychology : contemporary perspectives in Jungian analysis
Analytical psychology in exile : the correspondence of C. G. Jung and Erich Neumann
Introducing Jung
The symbolic quest : basic concepts of analytical psychology
Archetypes & strange attractors : the chaotic world of symbols
Paul Tillich, Carl Jung, and the recovery of religion
Theories of personality
