http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14234 tribology
tribology
Tribologian asiantuntijapalvelut Suomessa = Tribological expert services in Finland
Tribology of prosthetic joints : validation of wear simulation methods
Friction and wear of micro-structured polymer surfaces
Tribological nature of squealing disc brakes
Influence of wear during friction on chosen properties of a steel surface after burnishing process
9th Nordic Symposium on Tribology NORDTRIB 2000 : Hotel Haikko Manor, Porvoo, Finland, 11-14 June 2000.. Vol. 1
9th Nordic Symposium on Tribology NORDTRIB 2000 : Hotel Haikko Manor, Porvoo, Finland, 11-14 June 2000.. Vol. 3
'Fundamentals of Tribology' deals with the fundamentals of lubrication, friction and wear. It begins by introducing readers to the importance of tribology in everyday life before going on to discuss specific aspects of tribological phenomena.
CRC handbook of lubrication : (theory and practice of tribology). Vol. 2, Theory and design
Tribologia-lehti kansainvälisemmäksi = Tribologia - The Finnish Journal of Tribology - more international = Tribologia - Den Finska tidskriften för tribologi - nu mera internationell
Tribology of metal cutting
Electrical contacts : fundamentals, applications and technology
Tribology of ceramics and composites : a materials science perspective
Fundamentals of tribology
The 1996 tribology gold medal
Mitä on tribologia? : what is tribology?
Handbook of micro/nanotribology
Role of triboemission in ceramic tribology : a review
Continuum models and numerical methods for tribological systems
Mechanics and tribology of micro- and nanolayered PVD coatings
Ceramic materials : processes, properties and applications
To obtain smooter..
Industrial tribology : tribosystems, friction, wear and surface engineering, lubrication
Fundamantals of tribology
Wear resistance of PVD coatings for tool applications
Introduction to tribology
Principles and applications of tribology
Proceedings of the 5th International Congress on Tribology. Vol. 1, June 12. 1989 Espoo, Finland
Proceedings of the 5th International Congress on Tribology. Vol. 2, June 13. 1989 Espoo, Finland
Tribology and machine elements
Numerical model for the calculation of subsurface stresses in line contact of real rough surfaces
Biotribology : the wear-resistance of repaired articular cartilage
Oil film pressure in hydrodynamic journal bearings
9th Nordic Symposium on Tribology NORDTRIB 2000 : Hotel Haikko Manor, Porvoo, Finland, 11-14 June 2000.. Vol. 2
Tribology in machine design
Proceedings of the 5th International Congress on Tribology. Vol. 3, June 14. 1989 Espoo, Finland
Artikkelit vuosilta 1982-1995 = index to articles published during 1982-1995
Rock friction measurements with stonegrinder apparatus
Proceedings of the 5th International Congress on Tribology. Vol. 4, June 15. 1989 Espoo, Finland
Quantum chemical studies on atomic-scale tribology of diamond and boron nitride
22nd international congress on combustion engines. 1-7 / Copenhagen
Modern tribology handbook
Springer handbook of mechanical engineering
Principles of tribology
Tribology of electrical contacts : deterioration of silver coated copper
Advanced multiphase tribo-functional PTA hardfacings
WWW.tribology
Friction in highly pressurized lubricants and its relation to thermo-physical properties
Green tribology, surface engineering and global warming
New facilities for testing and numerical simulation of the tribology of internal combustion engines
Abstract: Fretting fatigue of a shrink-fitted shaft.
Wörterbuch Maschinenbau und Tribologie : Deutsch - English / Englisch - Deutch = Dictionary machine engineering and tribology : german - english / english - german
Advanced engineering design
Materials and surface engineering in tribology
COST 516 Tribology Symposium : Espoo, Finland, 14-15 May 1998
Wet clutch tribology : friction characteristics in all-wheel drive differentials
Friction in low speed lubricated rolling and sliding contacts
Tribology of natural fiber polymer composites
Engine testing : the design, building, modification and use of powertrain test facilities
Proceedings of the 5th International Congress on Tribology. Vol. 5, Espoo, Finland
Tribological behavior of the polymers used in drug delivery devices
Rules of thumb for mechanical engineers : a manual of quick, accurate solutions to everyday mechanical engineering problems
Engineering tribology
