http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14210 monism
monism
The qualitative-quantitative distinction in the social sciences
The one and the many : in the works of Heraclitus, Parmenides and Lao Zi
The legacy of Parmenides : eleatic monism and later Presocratic thought
The analysis of mind
The development of Bertrand Russell's philosophy
British idealism : a guide for the perplexed
Mind-body identity theories
The chief works of Benedict de Spinoza. Vol. 1, A theologico-political treatise and A political treatise
The incarnate subject : Malebranche, Biran, and Bergson on the union of body and soul
All or nothing : systematicity, transcendental arguments, and skepticism in German idealism
A history of Greek philosophy. Volume 2, The presocratic tradition from Parmenides to Democritus
Abstract.
The rationalists : Descartes, Spinoza and Leibniz
For more than thirty years, The Universe Next Door has set the standard for a clear, readable introduction to worldviews. In this new fifth edition James Sire offers additional student-friendly features to his concise, easily understood introductions to theism, deism, naturalism, Marxism, nihilism, existentialism, Eastern monism, New Age philosophy and postmodernism. Included in this expanded format are a new chapter on Islam and informative sidebars throughout. The book continues to build on Sire's refined definition of worldviews from the fourth edition and includes other updates as well, keeping this standard text fresh and useful. In a world of ever-increasing diversity, The Universe Next Door offers a unique resource for understanding the variety of worldviews that compete with Christianity for the allegiance of minds and hearts. - Publisher
The Universe next door : a basic worldview catalog
The concept of holomovement in David Bohm's theory of the implicate order
Ernst Mach's world elements : a study in natural resources
The Enigma of Qualia
The concept of man in the Advaita Vedanta of Sankara : an inquiry into theological perspectives
Vygotsky before Vygotsky : the path to the cultural-historical theory of human consciousness (1917-1927) : historical and methodological analysis
The chief works of Benedict de Spinoza. Vol. 2
Monism : science, philosophy, religion, and the history of a worldview
Solomon Maimon : monism, skepticism, and mathematics
The legacy of Parmenides : eleatic monism and later presocratic thought
Unbounded wholeness : Dzogchen, Bon, and the logic of the nonconceptual
Minds and bodies : an introduction with readings
"Interest in German Idealism - not just Kant, but Fichte and Hegel as well - has recently developed within analytic philosophy, which traditionally defined itself in opposition to the Idealist tradition. Yet one obstacle remains especially intractable: the Idealists' long-standing claim that philosophy must be systematic. In this overview of German Idealism, a masterly study that is both conceptual and methodological, Paul W. Franks offers the first philosophical reconstruction that is true to the movement's own times and resources and, at the same time, deeply relevant to contemporary thought."--BOOK JACKET.
Perception and epistemological monism
Mind that abides : panpsychism in the new millennium
Two different ways of looking at the world : von Wright's theory of action and his neutral monism in the philosophy of science
Monistic and pluralistic interpretations in the study of international politics : a methodological examination
