http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14247 dadaism
dadaism
The sources of surrealism : art in context / edited and with introductions by Neil Matheson
Painful but fabulous : the lives & art of Genesis P-Orridge
Man Ray : the photographic image ; ed. by Janus
Surrealism : the poetry of dreams : from the collection of the Centre Pompidou, Paris : [at the Gallery of Modern Art, Brisbane, 11 June - 2 October 2011] / [curator: Didier Ottinger ; texts by Didier Ottinger]
History of modern painting. From Picasso to surrealism : cubism, futurism, the blue rider, metaphysical painting, dada, abstract art, purism, the realist reaction, the bauhaus, poetic painting, surrealism
In the mind's eye : dada and surrealism
Postmodernism and the en-gendering of Marcel Duchamp
Dada art and anti-art / Hans Richter
Marcel Duchamp : artist of the century
At the time of Picasso
Dada 1916 in theory : practices of critical resistance
Dada : monograph of a movement = monographie einer Bewegung = monographie d'un mouvement
Funny versus Bizarre : Nordic and Baltic exhibition : Contemporary Art Centre, Vilnius, 18.4 - 18.5. 1997 : [Modern Art Museum Arsenals, Riga, 13.6 -  6.7. 1997] = Siaures ir Baltijos saliu paroda : Siuolaikinio meno centras, Vilnius, 18.4. - 18.5. 1997 :
Dada Africa : Dialogue with the Other
"I don ́t like puppets!“ : reasons and inspiration for founding object theatre
Crisis and the arts : the history of Dada. Vol. 1, Dada, the coordinates of cultural politics
Flight out of time : a Dada diary
The dada painters and poets : an anthology / edited by Robert Motherwell
Crisis and the arts : the history of Dada. Vol. 3, Dada in Cologne and Hanover
Performance art : from futurism to the present / RoseLee Goldberg
The magic bishop : Hugo Ball, Dada poet
Dada and surrealism reviewed : Hayward Gallery, London, from 11 January to 27 March 1978 / by Diana Ades ; with an introduction by David Sylvester and a supplementary essay by Elizabeth Cowling
Dreaming open eyes : the Vera, Silvia, and Arturo Schwarz collection of dada and surrealist art in the Israel Museum : [exhibition, Israel Museum, Jerusalem, winter 2000-2001] / edited by Tamar Manor-Friedman
Black Mask & Up Against the Wall Motherfucker : the incomplete works of Ron Hahne, Ben Morea and the Black Mask group
Man Ray : American artist
Marcel Duchamp
The Dada reader : a critical anthology
From "291" to Zurich : the birth of Dada
The Dada movement 1915-1923
HISTORY OF ART : A SURVEY OF THE MAJOR VISUAL
Modernisms : a literary guide
Dada and surrealism
Dada / edited by Rudolf Kuenzli
The collages of Kurt Schwitters : tradition and innovation
Dada and Surrealist film
Seven Dada manifestos : and lampisteries
Dada, Surrealism, and their heritage
The posthuman Dada guide : Tzara & Lenin play chess
The Dada reader : a critical anthology / edited by Dawn Ades
Duchamp & Co
Generation Dada : the Berlin Avant-Garde and the First World War
Dada, surrealism and their heritage / by William S. Rubin
After Dada : Marta Hegemann and the Cologne avant-garde
Art in France 1900-1940 / Christopher Green
Baroness Elsa : gender, dada and everyday modernity : a cultural biography / Irene Gammel
Artists and revolution : Dada and the Bauhaus, 1917-1925
Crisis and the arts : the history of Dada. Vol. 6, Paris Dada : the barbarians storm the gates
Dada and surrealist film
Dada's boys : masculinity after Duchamp
Hans Richter : activism, modernism and the avant-garde
The rise of Surrealism : Cubism, Dada, and the pursuit of the marvelous
The moderns : a treasury of painting throughout the world
Women in dada : essays on sex, gender and identity / edited by Naomi Sawelson-Gorse
Marcel Duchamp : a game of chess
TaTa Dada : the real life and celestial adventures of Tristan Tzara
Shift linguals : cut-up narratives from William S. Burroughs to the present
A companion to Dada and Surrealism
Nordic writers and artists in Paris before, during and after World War I / Frank Claustrat
Funny versus bizarre : Nordic and Baltic exhibition = siaures ir Baltijos šaliu̧ paroda : Contemporary Art Centre = Šiuolaikinio meno centras, Vilnius : 1997.04.18 - 05.18
Dada spectrum : the dialects of revolt
Fluxus : selections from the Gilbert and Lila Silverman Collection
A magic stronger than death : [Jean Tinguely]
Photography year. 1977/78
Dada & surrealism for beginners
Dada formed in 1916, embedded in a world of rational appearances that belied a raging confusion - in the middle of the First World War, in the neutral centre of a warring continent, fundamentally at the heart of Western art. This book sets out new coordinates in revision of a formation that art history routinely exhausts by its characterisation as a 'revolutionary movement' of anarchic cultural dissent, in order to contest perpetuated assumptions that underlie the popular Dada myths. Dada is difficult, and the response to Dada is not easy. What emerge from the theoretical readings developed here are profoundly rational bases for the non-sense that was pitted against a self-proclaimed civilisation, critically and implicitly to propose that what coursed in 1916 continues as vitally today. Given as art-historically identifiable along a trajectory of sustained ruptures and seizures, this book proposes not a history of Dada in Zurich but theoretical engagements with the emergencies of 1916-19, from laughter to 'lautgedichte', masks to manifestos, chance to chiasmata, rounding on the permanent Dada that drives against the closure of culture. -- Publisher's description.
An audience of artists : Dada, Neo-Dada, and the emergence of abstract expressionism
Dadalenin is dead : the New York Times obituaries / Rainer Ganahl
Writing in context = L'écriture en contexte : French literature, theory and the avant gardes = littérature, théorie et avant-gardes françaises au XXe siècle
Dada : the revolt of art
Photography year. 1974/75
Man Ray : trees + flowers - insects animals
Dada & surrealism / Matthew Gale
Dali : genius, obsession and lust
"The European Dada movement of the early 20th century has long been regarded as a male preserve, one in which women have been relegated to footnotes or mentioned only as the wives, girlfriends, or sisters of Dada men. This fascinating book challenges that assumption, focusing on the creative contributions made to Dada by five pivotal European women. -- Ruth Hemus establishes the ways in which Emmy Hennings and Sophie Taeuber in Zurich, Hannah Hoch in Berlin, and Suzanne Duchamp and Celine Arnauld in Paris made important interventions across fine art, literature, and performance. Hemus highlights how their techniques and approaches were characteristic of Dada's rebellion against aesthetic and cultural conventions, analyzes the impact of gender on each woman's work, and shows convincingly that they were innovators and not imitators. In its new and original perspective on Dada, the book broadens our appreciation and challenges accepted understandings of this revolutionary avant-garde movement."--BOOK JACKET.
Futurism & dada reviewed : 1912-1959 : a collection of original words, music and tone poems
Dadalenin / edited by Johan F. Hartle and Rainer Ganahl
The portable museum
Dada, Surrealism, and their heritage : [the Museum of Modern Art, New York, [27.3. - 9.6.1968] : Los Angeles County Museum of Art, [16.7. - 8.9.1968] : the Art Institute of Chicago, [19.10. - 8.12.1968] / by William S. Rubin
The Dada movement, 1915-1923
The photomontages of Hannah Höch : [Walker Art Center, Minneapolis, October 20, 1996 - February 2, 1997 : the Museum of Modern Art, New York, February 26 - May 20, 1997 : Los Angeles County Museum of Art, June 26 - September 14, 1997] / organized by Maria Makela, Peter Boswell ; essays by Peter Boswell, Maria Makela, Carolyn Lanchner ; chronology by Kristin Makholm
Dada and surrealism / Dawn Ades
John Heartfield : art and mass media
Crisis and the arts : the history of Dada. Vol. 2, Dada Zürich : a clown's game from nothing
Dada : art and anti-art
Dada east : the Romanians of Cabaret Voltaire
Seven dada manifestos and lampisteries
From Ensor to Magritte : Belgian art 1880 - 1940 / Michael Palmer ; preface by Francine-Claire Legrand
The vision of the cyclops : from painting to video : ways of seeing in the 20th century and throught eyes of Man Ray / Jacques Coelho
The artwork caught by the tail : Francis Picabia and Dada in Paris
Who's your dada : redefining the doll throught mixed media
History of modern art : painting, sculpture, architecture, photography
Networked art
Note An Audience of Artists turns this time line for the postwar New York art world on its head, presenting a new pedigree for these artistic movements. Drawing on an array of previously unpublished material, Catherine A. Craft reveals that Neo-Dada, far from being a reaction to Abstract Expressionism, actually originated at the heart of that movement's concerns about viewers, originality, and artists' debts to the past and one another. Furthermore, she argues, the original Dada movement was not incompatible with Abstract Expressionism. In fact, Dada provided a vital historical reference for artists and critics seeking to come to terms with the radical departure from tradition that Abstract Expressionism seemed to represent. Tracing the activities of artists such as Robert Motherwell, Barnett Newman, and Jackson Pollock alongside Marcel Duchamp's renewed embrace of Dada in the late 1940s, Craft composes a subtle exploration of the challenges facing artists trying to work in the wake of a destructive world war and the paintings, objects, writings, and installations that resulted from their efforts.
Voices of dada
Bélyegképek : Szépmuvészeti Múzeum, Budapest, 1987 május 29. - szeptember 25 = Stamp images : Museum of Fine Arts, Budapest, 1987 / a kiállítást rendezte és a katalógust összeállította = organizer of the exhibition and editor of the catalogue: Geskó Judit
The magic mirror : Dada and Surrealism from a private collection : [...30 July - 4 September 1988 at the Royal Scottish Academy, Edinburgh] / [catalogue:] Elizabeth Cowling
Performance : live art 1909 to the present / Roselee Goldberg
Dada and beyond. Volume 2, Dada and its legacies
Max Ernst : retrospective
Dali genius, obsession and lust
The surrealist connection : an approach to a surrealist aesthetic of theatre
Dada presentism : an essay on art & history
Dada and surrealist art
The Dada painters and poets: an anthology
Alias Man Ray : the art of reinvention
The book of art : a pictorial encyclopedia of painting, drawing and sculpture. 8. Modern art : from fauvism to abstract expressionism
Jasper Johns : a retrospective : [at the Museum of Modern Art, New York, October 20, 1996 - January 21, 1997] / Kirk Varnedoe ; with an essay by Roberta Bernstein
Dada : Zurich, Berlin, Hannover, Cologne, New York, Paris : Centre Pompidou : Musée national d'art moderne, Paris, 5 October 2005 - 9 January 2006 : National Gallery of Art, Washington, 19 February - 14 May 2006 : The Museum of Modern Art, New York, 18 Ju / Leah Dickerman ; with essays by Brigid Doherty ... [et al.]
Dada and surrealist film / edited by: Rudolf E. Kuenzli
Dada ́s boys : masculinity after Duchamp / David Hopkins
Electronic poetry : understanding poetry in the digital environment
Man Ray in fashion
Surrealism and dadaism : provocative destruction, the path within and the exacerbation of the problem of a reconciliation of art and life
Max Ernst 1891-1976 : beyond painting
Crisis and the arts : the history of Dada. Vol. 4, The eastern dada orbit : Russia, Georgia, Ukraine
Jasper Johns : ideas in paint
Alchemist of the avant-garde : the case of Marcel Duchamp
