http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1422 meat production
meat production
A randomised complete block design was used to study the effects on animal performance of (1) the increasing level of supplementary concentrate with grass silage (GS), and (2) feeding GS and concentrates separately or as a total mixed ration (TMR). A feeding experiment comprised 32 dairy bulls with average initial live weight of 145 kg. The feeding treatments were: (1) GS (660 g kg-1 dry matter intake) plus medium level of rolled barley (330) offered separately, (2) GS (660) plus medium level of rolled barley (330) offered as TMR, (3) GS (330) plus high level of rolled barley (660) offered separately, and (4) GS (330) plus high level of rolled barley (660) offered as TMR. During the experiment (398 days) the bulls were fed ad libitum either GS or TMR. The increasing concentrate level increased energy intake, carcass gain and dressing proportion of the bulls but had no effects on carcass conformation or fat score. TMR feeding had no effects on carcass gain, dressing proportion, carcass conformation or fat score but increased dry matter and energy intake compared to the separate feeding.
The growing and finishing pig: improving efficiency
The objectives of the study with dairy bulls offered grass silage-based diet were to determine the effects on animal performance of (1) concentrate type (barley vs. commercial concentrate) and (2) supplementation of rapeseed meal (RSM) in barley-based concentrate, with data being compared from preweaning to slaughter. The experiment comprised a total of 37 Finnish Ayrshire and 23 Holstein-Friesian bulls. Experimental concentrate treatments were 1) rolled barley (B), 2) rolled barley + rapeseed meal (BRSM) and 3) commercial concentrate (CC). During the preweaning (from 0.5 to 2.5 months) there were no differences in intake, gain or feed conversion. During the postweaning (from 2.5 to 6.0 months) the energy intake and gain of the B bulls were 12-13% lower than those of the BRSM bulls (p < 0.05) and 16% lower than those of the CC bulls (p < 0.01). However, there were no treatment differences in the energy intake or gain of the bulls during the finishing period (from 6.0 to 18.0 months of age) or on average during the experiment. Furthermore, carcass traits of the bulls did not differ between treatments. It is concluded that production traits were unaffected by concentrate type or RSM supplementation when data is compared from preweaning to slaughter.
The objective of the present study was to determine growth and carcass traits of beef breed bulls and heifers in the Finnish beef cattle population. The data collected from Finnish slaughterhouses included observations of 6323 and 2385 Hereford (bulls and heifers, respectively), 4421 and 1794 Charolais, 4335 and 1951 Limousin, 4068 and 1692 Aberdeen Angus, 2151 and 774 Simmental, 344 and 147 Blonde d'Aquitaine animals. For estimating valuable cuttings, a separate dataset including in total 1112 bulls and 260 heifers was also collected. Significant breed differences were observed in growth performance, carcass traits and retail product yield. The later maturing, Continental beef breeds seem to reach higher carcass gains, produce less fat and have more valuable cuts than the earlier maturing British beef breeds. The later maturing beef breeds tend to have carcass traits that suit well in the Finnish beef production system.
Domestic duck production : science and practice
Feeding weaned piglets and growing-finishing pigs with diets based on mainly home-grown organic feedstuffs
The objective of the experiment was to study the performance, carcass traits and meat quality of purebred Aberdeen Angus (Ab) and Limousin (Li) bulls and Ab×Li crossbred bulls offered grass silage-grain-based rations and raised to heavy carcass weights. The experiment included eight bulls in all breed groups. The average slaughter age for all breeds was 540 days and the mean carcass weights for the Ab, Ab×Li and Li bulls were 391, 399 and 439 kg, respectively. Significant breed differences in carcass traits and meat quality were observed. The Limousin bulls tended to achieve a higher conformation score, produced less fat and had a higher percentage of valuable cuts compared with the Aberdeen Angus bulls. The crossbred Ab×Li bulls produced better conformed carcasses and a higher share of the rounds compared to the pure Ab bulls which indicate that this type of crossbreeding can enhance beef production under the studied conditions.
The effect of concentrate level and concentrate composition on the  performance of growing dairy heifers reared and finished for beef  production
Gaining the edge in pork and poultry production : enhancing efficiency, quality and safety
This paper summarises the simulated effects on Finnish agricultural production and trade of a 20% decrease in Finnish demand for red meat (beef, pork, lamb). According to our results, reduced red meat consumption would be offset by increased consumption of poultry meat, eggs, dairy products and fish, as well as small increases in consumption of fruits and vegetables, peas, nuts, cereal products and sweets. By including the derived demand changes in an agricultural sector model, we show that livestock production in Finland, incentivised by national production-linked payments for milk and bovine animals, would decrease by much less than 20% due to the complex nature of agricultural production and trade. Overall, assuming unchanged consumer preferences and agricultural policy, a 20% reduction in red meat consumption is not likely to lead to a substantial decrease in livestock production or changed land use, or greenhouse gas emissions, from Finnish agriculture.
Meat quality traits for Holstein-Friesian (HF), Norwegian Red × Holstein-Friesian (NR) and Jersey × Holstein-Friesian (JE) cattle reared to slaughter as two genders (bulls and steers) and 2 slaughter weights (570 kg and 640 kg) were compared. Adipose tissue from JE was more yellow (p<0.05) than HF or NR which were similar. There was no difference between breeds and no breed-related interactions for chemical composition, cook loss or instrumental tenderness of longissimus thoracis et lumborum muscle (LT). When adjusted for differences in lipid concentration, LT from NR-sired animals tended to be less red (p=0.058) and LT from JE-sired animals had a lower hue (p<0.05). Substitution of NR or JE for HF sires in the dairy herd will not have important effects on LT characteristics in the production systems examined but the more yellow carcasses from JE-sired cattle may limit their suitability for markets with a carcass fat colour specification.
Effects of barley grain compared to commercial concentrate or rapeseed meal supplementation on performance of growing dairy bulls offered grass silage-based diet
The objective of this study was to determine beef production traits of purebred Nordic Red (NR), Holstein-Friesian (Hol), Eastern Finncattle (EF), Northern Finncattle (NF) and Western Finncattle (WF) bulls. The data collected from slaughterhouses included observations of 164 862 NR, 87 323 Hol, 283 EF, 523 NF and 1 728 WF bulls. For estimating valuable cuttings also a separate dataset was collected including observations of 16 036 NR, 8 806 Hol, 18 EF, 126 NF, and 133 WF bulls. NR and Hol had the highest carcass gain (532 and 542 g d-1, respectively). Overall, the data showed poorer gain of the Finnish native breeds compared to NR and Hol. Among the native breeds, WF (427 g d-1) showed better growth compared to EF (356 g d-1) and NF (385 g d-1).  Less differences were observed in valuable cuttings as might be inferred based on the differences in carcass conformation scores.
Nutrition and climate change : major issues confronting the meat industry
The global guide to animal protection
Comparison of different models for the estimation of genetic parameters of body weight traits in Moghani sheep
Danish pork production : an environmental assessment
Breeding for carcass traits in dairy cattle
Effects of grass-red clover silage digestibility and concentrate protein concentration on performance, carcass value, eating quality and economy of finishing Hereford bulls reared in cold conditions
Beef today
Organic meat production in the '90s : proceedings of a conference held at Reading University 22 September 1989
Veterinary aspects of meat production, processing and inspection : an update of recent developments in Europe
Survival and reduction of strains of Campylobacter species in broiler meat
Poultry meat processing
Rationing beef cattle : a practical manual
Developing risk-based food safety management
Poultry science
Interfacing immunity, gut health and performance
Beef production and distribution
Farmageddon : the true cost of cheap meat
Breeding soundness evaluation of zebu bulls : with special reference to variations in clinical parameters and sperm characteristics in sires extensively managed in the dry tropics of Costa Rica
Colour of subcutaneous adipose tissue and colour and tenderness of the longissimus thoracis et lumborum muscle from Holstein-Friesian, Norwegian RedxHolstein-Friesian and JerseyxHolstein-Friesian cattle slaughtered at two live weights as bulls or steers
The meat crisis : developing more sustainable production and consumption
The objective of this study was to determine the effects of silage plant species (faba bean and field pea based whole crop legume-cereals vs. grass) on performance and meat quality of growing Aberdeen Angus (AA) and Nordic Red (NR) bulls. A 2×3 factorial design was used. The experiment comprised 30 AA and 30 NR bulls. Both breeds were randomly allotted to the three feeding treatments. The compositions (g kg-1 dry matter) of diets were: 1) grass silage (650) plus rolled barley (350), 2) faba bean-wheat silage (650) plus rolled barley (350) and 3) pea-wheat silage (650) plus rolled barley (350). The experimental diets were offered as total mixed rations ad libitum. The AA bulls grew faster, had better feed conversion rates and superior dressing proportion and carcass conformation compared to the NR bulls. Replacing grass silage by whole crop legume-cereal silages in the diet did not have remarkable effects on animal performance, carcass characteristics or meat quality..
Long term prospects : grains, milk and meat markets
Consumer selection of vegetarian food in restaurants
Organic meat and milk from ruminants : proceedings of a joint international conference organised by the Hellenic Society of Animal Production and the British Society of Animal Science : Athens, Greece, 4-6 October 2001
Beef production and management decisions
A guide to traditional pig keeping
Pig production in the tropics
Meathooked : the history and science of our 2.5-million-year obsession with meat
CAP reform : the beef and veal sector
Raising goats naturally : the complete guide to milk, meat and more
Beef management and production : a practical guide for farmers and students
Performance of growing and finishing dairy bulls offered diets based on whole-crop barley silage with or without protein supplementation relative to a grass silage-based diet
Encyclopedia of meat sciences. Vol. 2, [G-O]
Towards more profitable and sustainable milk and beef production system
Meat consumption in the European Community : proceedings of the workshop organised by the Directorate-General for Agriculture (DG VI) of the Commission of the European Communities : Brussels, 25 January 1993.
Meat quality and fatty acid profile of M. longissimus dorsi of growing bulls under insulated, uninsulated and outdoor housing conditions
Muscle development of livestock animals : physiology, genetics, and meat quality
New trends in veal calf production : proceedings of the International symposium on veal calf production, Wageningen, Netherlands, 14 - 16 March 1990
Integrated food safety and veterinary public health
Veterinarians, abattoirs and the urban meat supply in the Netherlands, 1860-1940
Growth regulation in farm animals
Novel diagnostic assay for mycobacteria in the meat production chain
Multi-step beef ration optimisation : application of linear and weighted goal programming with a penalty function
Gut efficiency : the key ingredient in pig and poultry production : elevating animal performance and health
Beef production from grassland
Effect of breed on production, carcass traits and meat quality of Aberdeen Angus, Limousin and Aberdeen Angus×Limousin bulls offered a grass silage-grain-based diet
Encyclopedia of meat sciences. Vol. 3, [P-Z]
Different approaches to the precautionary principle : dispute between the US and the EU
Abstracts : 50th International Congress of Meat Science and Technology, August 8-13, 2004, Helsinki, Finland
Genetic parameters for birth weight (BW), 3-month weight (3MW), 6-month weight (6MW), 9-month weight (9MW) and yearling weight (YW) in Iranian Moghani sheep were estimated using restricted maximum likelihood procedure of MTDFREML program. The data and pedigree information used in this research were collected at the Breeding station of Moghani sheep (Ardebil province, Iran) during 1987-2005. Six different animal models were fitted, differentiated by including or excluding maternal effects, with and without covariance between maternal and direct genetic effects. The estimates for direct heritability ranged from 0.31 to 0.54, 0.21 to 0.34, 0.13 to 0.25, 0.11 to 0.22 and 0.10 to 0.17 for BW, 3MW, 6MW, 9MW and YW, respectively. The estimates were substantially higher when maternal effects, either genetic or environmental, were ignored in the model. The results of this study show that full models with maternal genetic and environmental effects gave the most accurate estimates for body weight traits in Moghani sheep.
The objective of the present study was to compare the colour, chemical composition, meat quality and fatty acid profile of the longissimus dorsi (LD) muscle of growing bulls housed in an insulated tie-stall, an uninsulated barn or a forest paddock. Two housing experiments were conducted at the North Ostrobothnia Research Station of MTT Agrifood Research Finland in Ruukki (64°44'N, 25°15'E). The first experiment was conducted from November 1999 to October 2000 and comprised 30 Hereford bulls, the second from November 2000 to December 2001 with 30 Ayrshire bulls. In both experiments the bulls were divided into six groups of five animals according to live weight and the groups were randomly allotted to one of three treatments: tie-stall in an insulated barn (IB bulls, ten animals/individual stall), uninsulated barn (UB bulls, five animals/pen, two pens) and forest paddock (PAD bulls, five animals/paddock, two paddocks). Nine carcasses from experiment 1 (three/treatment) and twelve from experiment 2 (four/treatment) were randomly selected for meat quality analyses. After slaughter, the carcasses were cooled for 24h at 2 °C and LD samples were taken by complete cross-section between the 12th and 13th ribs. The results were calculated across the two experiments and analysed as one data. There were no differences between housing environments in temperature or pH of the LD or meat moisture, fat or protein composition of the LD. Instead, the myoglobin content of the LD was 21% higher in PAD bulls than in IB bulls (p < 0.05). Between IB and UB bulls there was no difference in meat myoglobin content and there were no significant (p < 0.05) differences between housing environments in the colour of the LD. However, the muscle tended to be 6% lighter (L-value) in IB bulls than in PAD bulls (p = 0.09). There were no significant differences in shear force or sensory analysis (tenderness, juiciness, overall flavour) between treatments. The LD of the PAD bulls contained a higher proportion of 18:2 and 18:3 fatty acids compared to that of IB bulls (p < 0.05). There were no significant differences in the saturated fatty acid (SFA) or monounsaturated fatty acid proportions of the LD between treatments. Instead, the polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) proportion of the LD was 34% higher in PAD bulls than in IB bulls (p < 0.05). The PUFA:SFA ratio was higher in PAD bulls than in IB bulls (p < 0.05) but there was no difference in the PUFA:SFA ratio between UB and IB bulls. In conclusion, there were no important effects of housing system on the meat quality characteristics of the LD, although according to meat fatty acid profiles, outdoor housed bulls produced meat with a higher PUFA:SFA ratio than tethered bulls in an insulated barn.
Employment available in exchange for debt : working conditions in the Thai broiler industry
Animal welfare and meat production
Sheep production and diseases in Zambia : a minor field study on selected farms and on post-mortem and meat inspection data
Breeding, production recording, health and the evaluation of farm animals : proceedings of the 35th biennial session of ICAR, Kuopio, Finland june 6-10, 2006
Costs of two alternative Salmonella control policies in Finnish broiler production
Anaerobic digestion of organic by-products from meat-processing industry : the effect of pre-treatments and co-digestion
Beef cattle management practices
Performance and meat quality of Nordic Red and Aberdeen Angus bulls offered faba bean or field pea based whole crop legume-cereal silages
The omnivore's dilemma : a natural history of four meals
Explores the world's meat cultures and traditions to share insights into why a craving for animal protein evolved in humans and why vegetarian lifestyles are so difficult to maintain despite health warnings.
Rabbit production
Impacts of reducing red meat consumption on agricultural production in Finland
Current state of and prospects for selection in reindeer husbandry
The pork industry : problems and progress
A comparison of Nordic Red, Holstein-Friesian and Finnish native cattle bulls for beef production and carcass traits : research notes
The relationship of oxidative and glycolytic capacity of longissimus dorsi muscle to meat quality when different pig breeds and crossbreeds are compared
This study estimated the possibilities of reducing costs and improving input use in a sample of Swedish farms specialising in beef production. Input use efficiency was measured in a multi-output, multi-input function distance function analysis, covering the period 2008-2011. For comparison, both the classical radial and the generalised non-parametric approach were used. The results revealed that on average, costs could be decreased by 20%. Both models constructed frontiers where: i) the rankings of farms according to efficiency were positively and highly correlated and ii) the size and the significance of the parameter estimates were similar. Input-saving technologies were found to be positively influenced by livestock density, pasture availability and the use of coupled income support. Larger farms, farms with higher specialisation in beef cattle, farms with a larger number of animals older than 2 years, farms converting to organic production, farms located in less favoured areas and farms located in regions with a shorter grazing period were found be less efficient.
Assessment protocol for poultry
Planned beef production and marketing
The River Cottage meat book
Effects of supplementary concentrate level and separate or total mixed ration feeding on performance of growing dairy bulls
Developments in beef meat quality
Optimal beef cattle management under agricultural policy reforms in Finland
Cattle and buffalo meat production in the tropics
Time budgets of finishing bulls housed in an uninsulated barn or at pasture
Ethics of animal use
European pork chains : diversity and quality challenges in consumer-oriented production and distribution
This study aimed at comparing the behaviour of finishing bulls raised in an uninsulated barn (UB) and at pasture (PAS). In experiment 1, dairy bulls were housed in an uninsulated barn (two groups of five bulls, 32 m2/pen) or at pasture (groups of four and five bulls, 5000 m2/paddock). In experiment 2, Hereford bulls were housed in an uninsulated barn (three groups of four or five bulls, 32 m2/pen) or at pasture (three groups of five bulls, 5000 m2/paddock). There were no differences in drinking, social licking, butting, other social behaviour, self-licking or idling between the UB and PAS bulls. The UB bulls spent more time in lying, ruminating, oral explorative and manipulative behaviour and rubbing and less time foraging and walking than the PAS bulls. The UB bulls performed more social licking and oral manipulation of objects and less mounting than the PAS bulls. These differences resulted most probably from the different feeding regimes and different space allowances.
Beef cattle production systems
The aim of the present experiment was to study the effects of (1) digestibility of grass-red clover silage (GCS) and (2) concentrate protein concentration on the performance, eating quality and economy of Hereford bulls during a six months pre-slaughter period, and reared in cold indoor facilities. Thirtyone bulls with an initial live weight (LW) of 289 kg were selected for a 2 x 2 factorial design experiment consisting of two primary growth GCSs harvested at different maturities (in vitro digestible organic matter (OM) in dry matter (DM), D value: Early-cut, E, 750 g kg⁻¹ DM; Late-cut, L, 699 g kg⁻¹ DM) and two concentrate crude protein concentrations (Medium, M, 170 g kg⁻¹ DM; High, H, 210 g kg⁻¹ DM). The concentrate comprised milled barley and pelleted commercial protein compound and was offered daily on average 3.2 kg DM, including 0.45 and 1.13 kg of rapeseed cake in M and H, respectively. Grass-red clover silage was offered ad libitum. The target cold carcass weight was 330 kg.The proportion of concentrate of the total daily DM intake averaged 0.337 during the entire experiment. Treatments had no effect on the daily intake of GCS, total intake of DM, DM intake kg⁻¹ LW0.75 and metabolizable energy averaging 6.0 and 9.4 kg DM, 97.4 g and 109.4 MJ, respectively. The digestibility of dietary OM and neutral detergent fibre was lower (p < 0.05, 0.733 vs. 0.769 and 0.625 vs. 0.665) on diet L than on diet E. The animals on diet E tended to consume daily on average 1.29 kg less (p < 0.10) DM kg⁻¹ net weight gain than those on diet L. The time to achieve the target carcass weight was on average 18 days longer (p < 0.01) on diet L than on diet E. During the entire experiment the LW gain averaged 1795 and 1609 g d⁻¹ (p < 0.01) on diets E and L, respectively. The concentrate protein concentration did not affect animal performance. Treatments had no significant effect on the kill-out proportion, EUROP carcass conformation and carcass fat classification which averaged 537 g kg⁻¹, 6.5 and 3.6, respectively. The eating quality of the tested loins was good. Treatments had only a minor effect on the yield of valuable cuts. It is concluded that the digestibility of silage is important since the early-cut silage improved the growth rate and shortened the finishing period of bulls significantly compared with those fed late-cut silage. The lower yield and, thus, higher unit cost of early.cut silage may, however, invalidate its superiority compared with the late.cut silage. There was no benefit from using concentrate of high protein concentration.
Gaining the edge in ruminant production : nutritional strategies for optimal productivity and efficiency
Meat, milk & climate : why it is absolutely necessary to reduce the consumption of animal products
Key factors influencing economic relationships and communication in European food chains (FOODCOMM) : review of sausage and rye bread chains in Finland
Production, carcass characteristics and valuable cuts of beef breed bulls and heifers in Finnish beef cattle population
Demand and supply of pork and beef in Finland
The use of pork from rustic pig breeds was tested to improve the quality of dry-cured fermented sausages. The quality of a salchichon/salami-type sausage manufactured with pork from Chato Murciano breed (CM) and Early White pig (EW) (Large White x Landrace breed) was compared. CM pork improved several quality characteristics of dry-cured fermented sausage. Significant (p . 0.05) differences between mean CM and EW values were found for total lipids, ash, collagen, water activity, total acidity, CIELab colour, proteolysis, fat acidity, fatty acid profile, total viable counts, lactic acid bacteria, Micrococacceae, moulds and yeasts, colour, odour, flavour, fattiness and acceptance. CM mainly intensified the reddening of sausage cuts and increased monounsaturated acids in fat. Acceptance was also better for CM, although odour and flavour were only slightly improved. The production of high-quality specialities of dry-cured meat products can contribute to the sustainable production of CM and similar rustic pig breeds, maintaining the genetic diversity of pig species.
Asymmetric transmission of price information between the meat market of Finland and other EU countries : testing for signal on oligopolistic behaviour
The animal trade
Slaughterhouses cooperatives in Finland and the feasibility of using this experience in the region of Bogota, Colombia
This study was conducted to examine the performance of growing dairy bulls offered diets based on whole-crop barley silage with or without protein supplementation when compared to a grass silage-based diet. A feeding experiment comprised 36 bulls which were fed a total mixed ration ad libitum. The four dietary treatments were: 1) grass silage (600 g kg-1 dry matter) and rolled barley (400), 2) whole-crop barley silage (600) and rolled barley (400), 3) whole-crop barley silage (600), rolled barley (310) and rapeseed meal-based protein supplementation (90), and 4) whole-crop barley silage (600), rolled barley (330) and rapeseed meal + urea -based protein supplementation (70). Replacing grass silage with whole-crop barley decreased the carcass gain and carcass weight of the bulls due to lower energy intake. Protein supplementation either as rapeseed meal or rapeseed meal + urea of whole-crop barley silage based diets had no effects on animal performance.
Aspects of the world feed-livestock economy : structural changes, prospects and issues
Good practices for biosecurity in the pig sector : issues and options in developing and transition countries
World animal science. 100 5, Beef cattle production
Input saving possibilities and practices contributing to more efficient beef production in Sweden
Genetic parameters for growth traits in pigs estimated using third degree polynomial functions
Campylobacter jejuni and C. coli in Finnish poultry production
Influence of pre partum and post partum plane of nutrition on the performance of crossbred suckler cows and their progeny
Improving the quality of dry-cured sausages using pork from rustic breeds
Encyclopedia of meat sciences. Vol. 1, [A-F]
Private regulation of value chains in Finnish pork industry : how private regulation schemes are used and could be used to ensure quality
Sheep farming for meat and wool
Protein and energy supply for high production of milk and meat : proceedings of a symposium of the Committee on agricultural problems of the Economic commission for Europe and the Food and agriculture organization, Geneva, Switzerland, 12-15 January 1981.
Taxonomy and diversity of coccal lactic acid bacteria associated with meat and the meat processing environment
Animal welfare and economics in beef production
The aim of this paper is to present the method and tool for optimisation of beef-fattening diets. Changes in policy environment and changes in costs of feed pose challenges for farm efficiency. We construct a spreadsheet from two modules based on mathematical deterministic programming techniques. In order to obtain an estimate of the magnitude of costs that may be incurred, the first module utilizes a linear program for least-cost ration formulation. The resulting value is then targeted as a cost goal in the second module. This is supported by weighted goal programming with a penalty function system. The approach presented here is an example of how a combination of mathematical programming techniques might be applied to prepare a user-friendly tool for "optimal" ration formulations. We report results that confirm this approach as useful, since one is able to formulate a least-cost ration without risking a decrease in the ration's nutritive value or affecting the balance between nutrients.
The cull cow as a beef producer
Animal diseases that are known to spread primarily through human activities can be prevented and controlled through the application of biosecurity measures along the production and marketing chain, together with increased awareness and education. With this document, FAO, OIE and the World Bank aim to provide applied biosecurity recommendations to all pork production stakeholders in the numerous pig farming systems worldwide, particularly in developing and transition countries. Pig farmers are the main intended beneficiaries of the paper, but it is also of use to veterinary and technical service providers who are in a position to deliver and implement the proposed measures, to decision-makers in government and to project managers in agricultural development.--Publisher's description.
Economic modelling of pork production-marketing chains
