http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1428 talousneuvokset (honorary titles)
talousneuvokset (honorary titles)
The forgotten arts and crafts
Transport systems are continuously evolving. A modern transport system needs to be sustainable socially, economically and environmentally. In recent decades, technological development, especially in information and communication technology, has affected today's transport systems. Three different cases are explored in this dissertation: intelligent transport systems in general, electromobility systems, and road weather and maintenance systems. Intelligent transport systems encompass a broad range of information and communication technologies that improve the safety, efficiency and performance of the transportation system. In addition to intelligent transport systems, electric vehicle systems have emerged because of increasing environmental concerns as well as oil depletion issues. Furthermore, the road weather and maintenance system is an interesting case especially in latitudes with severe weather. Despite vast amounts of recent research on the aforementioned topics, most previous studies have focused on the technical side, such as developing, prototyping and testing the technologies, whereas only a few studies have focused on the business aspects. Therefore, this dissertation aims to enrich the analysis of the emerging transportation sector under technological change from the business perspective and to provide new insights for future research. The purpose of this study is to explore the emerging transportation sector from several viewpoints by conducting empirical case studies. The cases covered are analysed through the perspectives of markets, business ecosystems and business models. The geographical scope of the research is mainly limited to Finland, especially its intelligent transport systems and road weather maintenance infrastructure. The global perspective is adopted in the case of electric vehicles. The nature of this research is qualitative, and inductive reasoning is applied. The research examines the characteristics of the market, business ecosystem, and business models that emerge transport systems under technological change. Furthermore, based on the findings of the case studies, a holistic framework model is developed to understand the technological system by integrating the viewpoints of markets, business ecosystems and business models
The machine that changed the world : the story of lean production
Contemporary design : 1900- today
Old Estonian folk life
Global economic institutions : critical writings on global institutions. Volume 2, Trade
World trade since 1431 : geography, technology, and capitalism
The competition of ideas : the world of the Washington think tanks
Internal market : current status 1 July 1994. Vol. 4, A new community standards policy : the new approach in harmonization motor vehicles, tractors and agricultural machinery, foodstuffs, pharmaceutical products, chemical products, construction, other areas
Internal market : current status in 1 January 1993. Vol. 4, A new Community standards policy : the new approach in harmonization, motor vehicles, tractors and agricultural machinery, foodstuffs, pharmaceutical products, construction, other areas
Modern diesel technology : heavy equipment systems
The right of hot pursuit in international law
Executive summary  (s. 13-22).
My big truck book
Global economic institutions : critical writings on global institutions. Volume 1, General
The rise and rise of road transport, 1700-1990
Equus : the horse in the Roman world
The last two centuries have seen unprecedented change in the everyday lives of Europeans. From the Napoleonic Wars to the end of the Cold War, from the Industrial Revolution to the Computer Revolution, many of these changes were greatly influenced by the scientific and technological advances that took place during that period. This volume in the Daily Life Through History series examines how science and technology impacted the everyday life of modern Europeans in all aspects from of their lives. Science and Technology in Modern European Life shows how science and technology influenced every aspect of daily life: - Transportation: From horse and carriage to the iron horse (the locomotive) and the horseless carriage - Communication: The expansion of mass culture from the advent of the newspaper and the picture postcard to the development of the internet - War and Imperialism: How European technology enabled the colonization of much of the rest of the world, and how the changes in war technology forever altered how war is carried out - The Home: The great changes of household technology, and how these changes altered the relationship between men and women.
European business : facts and figures
Exploring the transport system under technological change : market, business ecosystem and business model viewpoints
Tractors
Kids meet the tractors and trucks
Democratization of expertise? : exploring novel forms of scientific advice in political decision-making
Global economic institutions : critical writings on global institutions. Volume 4, Environment
Global economic institutions : critical writings on global institutions. Volume 3, Finance
An encyclopaedia of the history of technology
Science and technology in modern European life
The Northern Isles : Orkney and Shetland
Trade and structural adjustment : embracing globalisation
The machine that changed the world
