http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14206 juices
juices
Phenolic compounds in the berries of the selected Vaccinium species : the potential for authenticity analyses
Pharmacokinetic interactions and pharmacogenetics of aliskiren
Reduction of acidity in northern region berry juices
Rose hips and sea buckthorn berries contain high amounts of beneficial bioactive compounds. In this study the content and stability of natural vitamins and antioxidants were investigated in two fruit beverages made from rose hip powder, sea buckthorn berry purée and white grape juice concentrate, and wheat germ oil in one of the beverages. Beverages were formulated, pasteurised and filled aseptically in Tetra Brik packages and stored up to 35 days at 4 °C or 22 °C. Samples were analysed for the content of ascorbic acid, carotenoids, major phenolics, tocochromanols, total phenols and total antioxidant capacity as ferric reducing ability. The largest changes occurred during the first 5 days of storage, thereafter mainly ascorbic acid decreased. In the wheat germ oil supplemented beverage, α-tocopherol was more rapidly degraded. Negative correlations between the decrease of some carotenoids and tocochromanols, and the increase of some phenolics, suggest relationships of redox reactions specific to the amount of oil supplemented. From the present study we can conclude that additions of oil to beverages should be carefully selected to avoid oxidations of bioactive compounds. Furthermore, packaging of the beverages should be carried out at higher temperatures and thereafter it should be stored at low temperatures (4 °C), which decreased oxidation of all bioactive compounds except ascorbic acid..
Effect of hydrocolloids on the limonin content of Kinnow juice
Gourmet gifts : 100 delicious recipes for every occasion to make yourself and wrap with style
Priciples and practices of small- and medium-scale fruit juice processing
The superjam cookbook : over 75 recipes, from jams to jammy dodgers and marmalades to muffins
Effect of high-pressure treatment on survival of Escherichia coli 0157-H7 population in tomato juice
Super cool drinks
Sauerkraut and sauerkraut juice fermented spontaneously using mineral salt, garlic and algae
Seabuckthorn : a multipurpose wonder plant. Vol. 1, Botany, harvesting and processing technologies
Miracle juices : 60 juices for a healthy life
The Juice lady's big book of juices and green smoothies: more than 400 simple, delicious recipes!
Innocent : our story & some things we've learned
Effect of storage time and temperature on stability of bioactive compounds in aseptically packed beverages prepared from rose hips and sea buckthorn berries
The alkaline cleanse : a seven-day detox
Thai consumers attitudes towards processed fruit juices
Citrus fruits and their products : analysis and technology
Preliminary studies on using LAB strains isolated from spontaneous sauerkraut fermentation in combination with mineral salt, herbs and spices in sauerkraut and sauerkraut juice fermentations
Juice processing : quality, safety and value-added opportunities
The use of mineral salt in natural fermentation of white cabbage into sauerkraut and sauerkraut juice, in order to evaluate whether the amount of NaCl could be lowered, was studied. Mineral salt differs from ordinary salt because NaCl is partially replaced by KCl. In the fermentations mineral salt was used in various amounts (0.8-1.5%) and in combination with garlic and algae. The final NaCl concentrations in these fermentation trials were 0.5-0.9%. Fermentations were also carried out with cabbage sliced to different degrees. The sauerkraut juice fermented by using 0.8% mineral salt (0.5% NaCl) was found to have the best sensory quality. The yield of sauerkraut juice increased as the coarseness of the cabbage mix decreased.
The use of mineral salt, herbs and spices in combination with isolated lactic acid bacteria strains in sauerkraut fermentation was studied. Mineral salt differs from ordinary salt because NaCl is partially replaced by KCl. The mineral salt contains 28% KCl and 57% NaCl. The final NaCl content in the sliced white cabbage mixture was 0.5%. In approximately 20 hours the pH dropped to the desired level. All the pressed sauerkraut juices had a good microbiological quality. The sensory quality of all pressed juices was found to be either good or acceptable.
Super Juice Me! : 28-Day Juice Plan
Juicing : fresly made juices for a healthy and energised life
Healing tonics : next-level juices, smoothies, and elixers for health and wellness
Healthy juices for healthy kids : over 70 juice and smoothie recipes for kids of all ages
On the art of bathing, a Berlin bath journey
Detox drinks with juice fasting detoxification & fat burning smoothies : 30 fat burning & detoxification recipes & superfoods like vitality boosting beet juice, apple cider vinegar, wheatgrass, coconut water, ginger root, kefir, cacao, beta carotene & more
Juice
Antiadhesive molecules in milk and berries against respiratory pathogens
The orange book
Phenolic contents in relation to antioxidant activities of berry and fruit wines and juices, and their raw materials
Green juice book : over 50 nutrition-packed all-green blends, with every recipe photographed
Beverages in nutrition and health
Chemical, enzymatic and physical characteristic of cloudy apple juices
Juiceman
Easy juicing : the best 100 juices, crushes, smoothies, coolers and quenchers
Microbiological quality of carrots used for preparation of fresh squeezed street vended carrot juices in India
Specialty food (SF) is a rapidly growing market sector, with an annual growth rate of 8-10%. SF products accounted for 13.1% of all retail food sales in 2010, reaching $55.9 billion in sales. One hundred thirty-eight million American consumers (46%) are purchasing specialty foods. Although specialty food products are marketed widely, by now there is no standard definition on specialty foods. Consumers, even processors and regulators, are confused by the term specialty foods. Specialty foods are generally considered unique and high-value food items made in small quantities from high-quality ingredients that offer distinct features to targeted customers who pay a premium price for perceived benefits. Increased production and sale of SF has increased concerns on product quality and safety due to several potential hazards. Many questions in respect to how specialty foods are different from other food sectors, specific processing technologies, controls on quality and microbial safety, etc., remain unanswered. With extensive searching, the only two published books on the subject of specialty foods focus on business development and marketing of specialty foods. There is no technical book on specialty foods from the food science discipline available. This book will be the first technical book on specialty foods. It will first discuss the unique characteristics of specialty food, the market, and consumer demands and trends, and then focus on each of the major specialty food segments by covering the key processing technologies, equipment needed, and controls on quality and food safety of the products"--Preface.
Fruit juices and related products
"Be your own kitchen doctor! Adriana Ayales grew up near the rainforest, where her grandmother set her on the path to herbal healing. Now she runs one of Brooklyn’s most popular juice bars--and she's also deeply knowledgeable about the rainforest's fruits, botanicals, and other exotic ingredients. With this guide she passes on her knowledge of ethnobotanical customs, soul cleansing, and therapeutic cooking.  Ayales explores the role of superfoods and superherbs and presents traditional recipes that embody ancient ways--including medicinal juicing for relaxation and rejuvenation, next-level cleansing, and infusions and teas to nourish body and soul. Enjoy a Cacao & Reishi Energy Elixir, make herbal extracts, learn cold-pressing techniques, and whip up a headache cure. These special, sometimes sacred formulas will help empower your life with vibrant creativity,"--Amazon.com.
Reduction of patulin content in apple juice concentrate using activated carbon and its effects on several chemical constituents
Healthy drinks : Kathryn Hawkins
Citrus juices : trends and prospects in world production and international trade
Aluminium exposure from vegetables and fresh raw vegetable juices in Kenya
In this study cloudy juices from six apple cultivars: 'Alwa', 'Fiesta', 'Gloster', 'Golden Delicious', 'Mutsu' and 'Pinova' were characterized in respect of polyphenols content by UPLC, PME (pectin methylesterase) activity, color, viscosity, and stability of turbidity. Apple cultivar affected significantly the chemical, enzymatic and physical properties of juices. Total quantitated polyphenols ranged from 686.63 mg l-1 ('Gloster') to 988.63 mg l-1 ('Alwa'), and polymeric proanthocyanidins were a dominant group of these compounds. All of products contained also high content of phenolic acids, mainly chlorogenic. The thermal treatment of juices did not cause a complete inactivation of pectin methylesterase. Taking into account the % of residual enzyme activity, the pasteurization was more efficient in the case of 'Fiesta' and 'Pinova' juices (13% and 14% of the initial activity, respectively). Examined juices were characterized by low values of a stable turbidity (18.07-37.75%), despite relatively high viscosity (2.40-9.60 mPas).
Juicing it! : a gourmet's quide to natural drinks
Juices & smoothies
The mocktail manual : over 90 delicious non-alcoholic drinks
Food beverage service handbook : a complete guide to hot and gold soft drinks
Juice! : delicious juices to enjoy throughout the day
Mehu-Liisa : juice extractor & steam cooker cookbook
The reboot with Joe juice diet : lose weight, get healthy and feel amazing
Thai consumers' attitudes towards processed fruit juices
Skinny juices : 101 juice recipes for detox and weight loss
Making wines, liqueurs & cordials : 101 delicious recipes using natural ingredients
Salt sugar smoke : how to preserve fruit, vegetables, meat and fish
Specialty foods : processing technology, quality, and safety
Juice Technology Workshop : August 12-13, 1996
Smooth & juicy : healthy juices, creamy smoothies and sinful shakes
Juice technology workshop : october 18-19, 1993
Copigmentation reactions and color stability of berry anthocyanins
Modern art desserts : recipes for cakes, cookies, confections, and frozen treats based on iconic works of art
Organic Grape and Wine Production Symposium : 3rd N. J. Shaulis Symposium : 21-22 March 1995, New York State Agricultural Experiment Station, Geneva, NY Jordan Hall
The juice diet : lose weight, detox, tone up, stay slim & healthy
Smoothies & juices : delicious drinks, blends, tonis, shakes and floats
