http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14208 dualism
dualism
Andean cosmologies through time : persistence and emergence
The impact of party competition on the individual vote decision : the case of extreme right parties
Cartesian reflections : essays on Descartes's philosophy
Philosophy of mind
Persons : human and divine
Deep economy : caring for ecology, humanity, and religion
Think no evil : Korean values in the age of globalization
The existence of mind : in defence of mind-body dualism
Consciousness and its objects
All or nothing : systematicity, transcendental arguments, and skepticism in German idealism
Materialism and the mind-body problem
The light and the dark : a cultural history of dualism. Vol. 18, The dualism of the Christian and Muslime worlds during the Middle Ages
Mind, Brain, and Free Will presents a powerful new case for substance dualism (the theory that humans consist of two parts body and soul) and for libertarian free will (that humans have some freedom to choose between alternatives, independently of the causes which influence them). Richard Swinburne begins by analysing the criteria for one event or substance being the same event or substance as another one, and the criteria for an event being metaphysically possible; and then goes on to analyse the criteria for beliefs about these issues being rational or justified. Given these criteria, he then proceeds to argue that pure mental events (including conscious events) are distinct from physical events and interact with them. He claims that no result from neuroscience or any other science could show that there is no such interaction, and illustrates this claim by showing that recent scientific work (such as Libet's experiments) has no tendency whatever to show that our intentions do not cause brain events. Swinburne goes on to argue for agent causation, that-to speak precisely-it is we, and not our intentions, that cause our brain events. It is metaphysically possible that each of us could acquire a new brain or continue to exist without a brain; and so we are essentially souls. Brain events and conscious events are so different from each other that it would not be possible to establish a scientific theory which would predict what each of us would do in situations of moral conflict. Hence given a crucial epistemological principle (the Principle of Credulity), we should believe that things are as they seem to be: that we make choices independently of the causes which influence us. According to Swinburne's lucid and ambitious account, it follows that we are morally responsible for our actions.
The hammer of the Cartesians : Henry More's philosophy of spirit and the origins of modern atheism
An old order and a new : the split world of Liam O'Flaherty's novels
Matter and memory : Henri Bergson [member of the institute, professon at the college de France; authorized translation by Nancy Margaret Paul and W. Scott Palmer]
The light and the dark : a cultural history of dualism. Vol. 13, Dualism in Roman history, IV, The struggle between orthodoxy and heterodoxy in the early Christian church
The revolt against dualism : an inquiry concerning the existence of ideas
Logic : inquiry, argument, and order
Dualism : the original sin of cognitivism
After physicalism
Consciousness and the mind of God
Comparative theories of nonduality : the search for a middle way
Filosofisia tutkielmia = Philosophical studies : in honorem Leila Haaparanta
The mind-body problem : an opionated introduction
Light against darkness : dualism in ancient Mediterranean religion and the contemporary world
Christian dualist heresies in the Byzantine world c. 650-c. 1450 : selected sources
The light and the dark : a cultural history of dualism. Vol. 19, Dualism in Byzantine history 683-1453 and in the east-west relationship of the Middle Ages
The social body : habit, identity and desire
The Blackwell guide to philosophy of mind
The light and the dark : a cultural history of dualism. Vol. 9, Gnostic dualism in Asia Minor during the first centuries A.D. II
The light and the dark : a cultural history of dualism. Vol. 20, Gnostic-dualistic tendencies in the history of medieval Europe
Split autobiographical selves : duality and autobiography in the works of Ivan Goncharov, Virginia Woolf and James Joyce
Worlds apart : dualism and transgression in contemporary female dystopias
Mind, brain, and free will
The incorporated self : interdisciplinary perspectives on embodiment
Beyond the mind-body dualism : psychoanalysis and the human body : proceedings of the 6th Delphi International Psychoanalysis Symposium held in Delphi, Greece between 27 and 31 October 2004
In the shadow of Descartes : essays in the philosophy of mind
Social reconstruction learning : dualism, Dewey and philosophy in schools
The concept of mind
Dual classification reconsidered : Nyamwezi sacred kingship and other examples
Body and mind
The light and the dark : a cultural history of dualism. Vol. 12, Dualism in Roman history III, The Christian church in conflict with the Roman empire and with Judaism
Metaphysics, reference, and language
"Suzette Haden Elgin's Native Tongue trilogy, Suzy McKee Charna's Holdfast series, and Margaret Atwood's The Handmaid's tale are analyzed within the context of this this subgenre of "transgressive utopian dystopias." Analysis focuses particularly on how these works cover the interrelated categories of gender, race and class, along with their relationship to classic literary dualism and the dystopian narrative"--Provided by publisher.
The attraction of opposites : thought and society in the dualistic mode
The genealogy of psychoanalysis
The absent body : a phenomenological anatomy
An introduction to the philosophy of mind
The genealogy of aesthetics
Disciplines of the visual : art history, visual studies and globalization / Keith Moxey
Heresy in medieval France : dualism in Aquitaine and the Agenais, 1000-1249
The philosophical works of Descartes. Vol. 2
Norms and modes of thinking in Descartes
Non-reductive physicalism, irreducibility of the mental and the problem of mental causation : a study of Donald Davidson's and Georg Henrik von Wright's positions in the philosophy of mind
The absent body
The world outlook of the ancient Balts
Dante and Epicurus : a dualistic vision of secular and spiritual fulfilment
The light and the dark : a cultural history of dualism. Vol. 17, Imperialism in medieval history III.  Dualism in German history II
Anthropology as ethics : nondualism and the conduct of sacrifice
Physicalism, or something near enough
Individuals : an essay in descriptive metaphysics
From cultivation to culture : a personal approach to the relationship between countryside and city
"Interest in German Idealism - not just Kant, but Fichte and Hegel as well - has recently developed within analytic philosophy, which traditionally defined itself in opposition to the Idealist tradition. Yet one obstacle remains especially intractable: the Idealists' long-standing claim that philosophy must be systematic. In this overview of German Idealism, a masterly study that is both conceptual and methodological, Paul W. Franks offers the first philosophical reconstruction that is true to the movement's own times and resources and, at the same time, deeply relevant to contemporary thought."--BOOK JACKET.
Matter and memory
The emergent self
Echoing images : couples in African sculpture
"We the people" and others: duality and America's treatment of its racial minorities
Philosophy of Śrī Madhvācārya
Encounters of body and soul in contemporary religious practices : anthropological reflections
The immaterial self : a defence of the Cartesian dualist conception of the mind
Soul, body, and survival : essays on the metaphysics of human persons
Questioning nineteenth-century assumptions about knowledge. 3, Dualism
Henry More (1614-1687) was probably the most important English philosopher between Hobbes and Locke. Described as the 'hammer' of the Cartesians, More attacked Descartes' conception of spirit as undermining its very intelligibility. This work, which analyses an episode in the evolution of the concept of spiritual substance in early modernity, looks at More's rational theology within the context of the great seventeenth century Cartesian controversies over spirit, soul-body interaction, and divine omnipresence. This work argues that More's new, univocal spirit conception, highly influential upon Newton and Clarke, contributed unwittingly to a slow secularisation process internal to theistic culture. It thus fills a lacuna in scholarship by examining how conceptual changes in early modern metaphysics, as opposed to better researched transformations in moral philosophy, were an additional ingredient in the origins of modern speculative atheism. It also suggests that these controversies are by no means merely of historical interest but represent a resource for contemporary philosophical reflection.
Touching feeling : affect, pedagogy, performativity
In two minds : dual processes and beyond
Developmental theism : from pure will to unbounded love
What is Gnosticism?
The light and the dark : a cultural history of dualism. Vol. 16, Imperialism in medieval history II.  Dualism in German history I
The light and the dark : a cultural history of dualism. Vol. 11, Dualism in Roman history II. Dualism in interior politics and social life
The conscious mind : in search of a fundamental theory
The two sides of being : a reassessment of psycho-physical dualism
Body, soul, and life everlasting : Biblical anthropology and the monism-dualism debate
The light and the dark : a cultural history of dualism. Vol. 21, Dualism and non-dualism in medieval theology and philosophy
Dissolving dualism : a tripartite model of cognition for religious truth
The enigma of the mind : the mind-body problem in contemporary thought
The situated self
A pioneer in queer theory and literary studies, Eve Kosofsky Sedgwick brings together for the first time in Touching Feeling her most powerful explorations of emotion and expression. In essays that show how her groundbreaking work in queer theory has developed into a deep interest in affect, Sedgwick offers what she calls "tools and techniques for nondualistic thought," in the process touching and transforming such theoretical discourses as psychoanalysis, speech-act theory, Western Buddhism, and the Foucauldian "hermeneutics of suspicion." In prose sometimes somber, often high-spirited, and always accessible and moving, Touching Feeling interrogates - through virtuoso readings of works by Henry James, J. L. Austin, Judith Butler, the psychologist Silvan Tomkins and others - emotion in many forms. What links the work of teaching to the experience of illness? How can shame become an engine for queer politics, performance, and pleasure? Is sexuality more like an affect or a drive? Is paranoia the only realistic epistemology for modern intellectuals? Ultimately, Sedgwick's unfashionable commitment to the truth of happiness propels a book as open-hearted as it is intellectually daring.
Lectures on the I ching : constancy and change
Oxford studies in metaethics. Volume 8
Minds and bodies : an introduction with readings
Socio-culture / inter-disciplinary essays on society and culture
E.J. Lowe defends a common-sense view of ourselves as free agents, capable of bringing about changes in the world through the choices we make, rather than being caused to act as we do by factors external to our will.
More than matter? : what humans really are
Philosophy in practice : an introduction to the main questions
The other God : dualist religions from antiquity to the Cathar heresy
Reflections on meta-reality : transcendence, emancipation and everyday life
The light and the dark : a cultural history of dualism. Vol. 14, Dualism in Roman history, V, 'Enemies of the Roman order'
The qualitative-quantitative distinction in the social sciences
Conceptions of the soul among North American Indians : a study in religious ethnology
Psycho-physical dualism today : an interdisciplinary approach
The Prince of Darkness : radical evil and the power of good in history
Duality into unity : a spiritual and social vision for the millennium
The open reality of God and man : the significance of homoousion for theology and natural sciences in the thinking of Thomas F. Torrance
The philosophical works
Personal agency : the metaphysics of mind and action
Marx, Hayek, and utopia
Moral imagination in Kaguru modes of thought
Chiasticism and obsession with symmetry in Oscar Wilde's comedies, prose works and in his life
Treatise on the human mind (1664)
The two and the one
The evolution of the soul
The quest : history and meaning in religion
