http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14270 Christianity (properties related to religion)
Christianity (properties related to religion)
Contemporary fiction and Christianity
The last kingdom
On heaven and Earth : Pope Francis on faith, family, and the church in the twenty-first century
Thy will be done: strategic leadership, planning, and management for Christians
The school of Valentinus
Religious schools : the case against
Postmodernism, literature and the future of theology
Christians in a pluralist society
The love dare
From despair to faith : the spirituality of Søren Kierkegaard
Paul and the creation of Christian identity
The use of English in the construction of Christian youth identities in a Finnish youth magazine
Naked truth : strip clubs, democracy, and a Christian Right
Visible proclamation : the church and drama
Christian art
Conversations at Little Gidding : 'On the retirement of Charles V' ; 'On the austere life'
For Cora Kensington, the Grand Tour was to be the trip of a lifetime.  She discovered the family she never knew she had and may have even found the love she longs for in Will.
Cormac McCarthy and the signs of sacrament : literature, theology, and the moral of stories
Worship in the early church : an anthology of historical sources. Vol. 1
No other Gospel! : Christianity among the world's religions
"Throughout his career, Obeyesekere has combined psychoanalysis and anthropology to illuminate the relationship between personal symbolism and religious experience. In this book, he begins with Buddha's visionary trances wherein, over the course of four hours, he witnesses hundreds of thousands of his past births and eons of world evolution, renewal, and disappearance. He then connects this fracturing of empirical and visionary time to the realm of space, considering the experience of a female Christian penitent, who stares devotedly at a tiny crucifix only to see the space around it expand to mirror Christ's suffering. Obeyesekere follows the unconscious motivations underlying rapture, the fantastical consumption of Christ's body and blood, and body mutilation and levitation, bridging medieval Catholicism and the movements of early modern thought as reflected in William Blake's artistic visions and poetic dreams. He develops the term 'dream-ego' through a discussion of visionary journeys, Carl Jung's and Sigmund Freud's scientific dreaming, and the cosmic and erotic dream-visions of New Age virtuosos, and he defines the parameters of a visionary mode of knowledge that provides a more elastic understanding of truth. A career-culminating work, this volume translates the epistemology of Hindu and Buddhist thinkers for western audiences while revitalizing western philosophical and scientific inquiry."--Jacket.
The Kingfisher atlas of the medieval world / [a pictorial guide to the people and the events of medieval times, 500CE-1450CE] ; illustrated by Kevin Maddison
Christian family and contemporary society
"Strives to radically utilize Emmanuel Levinas's philosophical framework, bringing it into conversation with the theology of Hans Urs von Balthasar, to construct a post-ontotheological account of theology that unites theory and praxis. By allowing Levinas's Judaism to challenge von Balthasar's Catholicism, Glenn Morrison develops a perspective that is both theologically rich and philosophically provocative"--Provided by publisher.
Based on the author's encounter with AIDS in Africa, Asia and Latin America, this is a critique of the Roman Catholic Church's attitudes to homosexuality, divorce and the use of condoms. Kevin Kelly argues passionately for humanity and compassion in the moral teaching of the Church. Using his experience as teacher, moral theologian and parish priest, he identifies AIDS as the greatest challenge to sex and sexuality.
Kritische Gesamtausgabe. Bd. 17, Fünf Vorträge zu Religion und Geschichtsphilosophie für England und Schottland. Der Historismus und seine Überwindung (1924) / Christian thought. Its history and application (1923)
Gorgias encyclopedic dictionary of the Syriac heritage
The innkeeper of Ivy Hill
Ad crucesignatos et crucesignandos : crusade preaching and the construction of the 'true' crusader in the 13th century
Brothers estranged : heresy, Christianity, and Jewish identity in late antiquity
The little money Bible : ten laws of abundance
The book on Adler
Deadly sins and saving virtues
The triumph of christendom in the Roman empire
Christianity and the New China
Love & respect : the love she most desires, the respect he desperately needs
Concluding unscientific postscript to "Philosophical fragments"
Provides a full introduction and notes describing the members of the 'Little Academy' and giving the background of two dialogues that he has reproduced.
Memoirs of early christianity in Northern Lapland
Christian social ethics in a global era
Renovation of the heart : putting on the character of Christ
Christian spirituality
A charmed life
Theological investigations. 4, More recent writings
Mary, Jesus & christianity : an Islamic perspective
Light in the darkness : African Americans and the YMCA, 1852-1946
The social values of Christianity in the area of politics and the contribution of the Interparliamentary Assembly on Orthodoxy (I.A.O.) for raising such values : essys
Violence in intimate partner relationships : is Christianity an empowering factor in the lives of battered, Christian women?
After Christianity
Islamic and Christian Themes in Frank Herbert's Dune
Mystery and the making of a Christian historical consciousness : from Paul to the second century
Putting on the mind of Christ : the inner work of Christian spirituality
Queer Theology : Rethinking the Western Body
The C. S. Lewis Bible : New Revised Standard Version = NRSV
"Reconceives the moral significance of Cormac McCarthy's novels through a constructive engagement with postmodern theory and Christian theology"--
Testimonies of poverty and prosperity in Tanzanian charismatic Christianity
Wilderness : essays in honour of Frances Young
Faith, ethics and church : writing in England, 1360-1409
Stories of Jesus. 4, Jesus, our savior
Justinian and the making of the Syrian Orthodox Church
Everyday religion : an archaeology of protestant belief and practice in the Nineteenth Century
Love does : discover a secretly incredible life in an ordinary world
On the loose : a novel
Worship in the Early Church is a collection of excerpts from early Christian writings illustrating the Church's liturgical practice in both East and West, from its Jewish beginnings through the end of the sixth century.
New directions in sexual ethics : moral theology and the challenge of AIDS
Graham Greene's Catholic imagination
In the school of love
Head and heart : American Christianities
Reform and Reformation: England and the Continent c1500-c1750
"Far-off gleams of evangelium" : a study of how J. R. R. Tolkien's The lord of the rings reflects the biblical "Kingdom of Heaven"
Journal of Christian nursing : a quarterly publication of Nurses Christian Fellowship
Functional and dysfunctional Christianity
Finding happiness : monastic steps for fulfilling life
Martin Luther a faitful servant of god
The unseen world : Christian reflections on angels, demons and the heavenly realm
Orthodoxy and the religion of the future
Christian spiritual formation in the church and classroom
The point of view
Aspects of Christianisation and cultural adaption in the Old English Judith
The faith of a physicist : reflections of a bottom-up thinker : the Gifford lectures for 1993-4
Dalits & women : quest for Humanity
The pilgrim's progress
The Holy War
[Kierkegaard's writings]. [20], Practice in Christianity
The emergence of formative Judaism has traditionally been examined in light of a theological preoccupation with the two competing religious movements, 'Christianity' and 'Judaism' in the first centuries of the Common Era. In this book Ariel Schremer attempts to shift the scholarly consensus away from this paradigm, instead privileging the rabbinic attitude toward Rome, the destroyer of the temple in 70 C.E., over their concern with the nascent Christian movement. The palpable rabbinic political enmity toward Rome, says Schremer, was determinative in the emerging construction of Jewish self-identity. He asserts that the category of heresy took on a new urgency in the wake of the trauma of the Temple's destruction, which demanded the construction of a new self-identity. Relying on the late 20th-century scholarly depiction of the slow and measured growth of Christianity in the empire up until and even after Constantine's conversion, Schremer minimizes the extent to which the rabbis paid attention to the Christian presence. He goes on, however, to pinpoint the parting of the ways between the rabbis and the Christians in the first third of the second century, when Christians were finally assigned to the category of heretics.
The truth behind the da Vinci code
Uninvited study guide : living loved when you feel less than, left out, and lonely
Mere Christianity
Early modes of exegesis : ideal figures in Malachi as a test case
Tonga proverbs for teaching and preaching
The complete C.S. Lewis Signature classics
Postmodern philosophy and Christian thought
Finding sanctuary : monastic steps for everyday life
Courtship after marriage
Stories of Jesus. 3, Jesus, our teacher
Six million crucifixions : how Christian teachings about Jews paved the road to the holocaust
Glittering promises : a novel
Christian mystics : the spiritual heart of the christian tradition
Body piercing saved my life : inside the phenomenon of Christian rock
Theologies of liberation and reconstruction : essays in honour of professor J. N. K. Mugambi, Ph.D
They call us dead men: reflections on life and conscience
Refractions : a journey of faith, art, and culture
Jesus's childhood escapades and graphic descriptions of the torments of Hell - this book introduces readers to a selection, in a modern translation, of the many interesting and bizarre stories about Jesus and his followers which make up the Apocryphal New Testament - stories which have profoundly influenced aspects of later Christian doctrines.
The Christian Sacraments
The apocryphal Jesus : legends of the early church
Booked : literature in the soul of me
Devil and the image of God in The screwtape letters by C. S. Lewis
The grace of the caller : in laestadian christianity
Sacramental poetics at the dawn of secularism : when God left the world
The 5 love languages : singles edition
More of less : finding the life you want under everything you own
Worship in the early church : an anthology of historical sources. Vol. 3
For Cora Kensington, the journey of a lifetime has taken unexpected turns. And her future - her very life - depends on the decisions she'll make at each crossroad. As the Grand Tour with her newfound family winds through France, Austria, and Italy, an unseen enemy trails close behind. And a forbidden love continues to put everyone's plans at risk. Cora must escape the bonds of the past and discover the faith to make the right choices...because each one has grave consequences.
Christianity and communism
The development of education in Nigeria after colonial rule
Worship in the early church : an anthology of historical sources. Vol. 2
Life cycle : psychological and theological perceptions
Worship in the early church : an anthology of historical sources. Vol. 4
The maid of Fairbourne hall
Blood and honour
Das Böse, der Teufel und Dämonen = Evil, the Devil, and demons
The silent cry : mysticism and resistance
The Armenian Christian tradition : Scholarly symposium in honor of the visit to the Pontifical oriental institute, Rome of His Holiness Karekin I Supreme Patriarch and Catholicos of all Armenians : December 12, 1996
Venite Adoremus : World's Student Christian Federation prayer book. 1.
Marxism and Christianity : a symposium
See how they love one another : rebuilding community at the base
Diakonia : re-enterpreting the ancient sources
[Kierkegaard's writings]. [16], Works of love
Forbidden oracles? : The Gospel of the Lots of Mary
Pseudo-Athanasius on virginity
Modern art and the death of a culture
The big picture : a novel
Unto This Day the Lord Has Helped
The spiritual man
Hildegard of Bingen : an anthology
A Pentatonic landscape : Central Europe, ecology, ecumenism : anthology I of the WSCF central European subregion
Heteroglossic and multimodal resources in use : participation across spaces of identification in a Christian lifestyle sports community
Between Marx and Christ : the dialogue in German-speaking Europe 1870-1970
A Devil's Labyrinth : a rereading of Hamlet
Columba : Pilgrim and penitent
The awakened ones : phenomenology of visionary experience
Christian doctrine
Suffering and God
Homosexuality and the western Christian tradition
Biblical typology : the implicit hermeneutic of old Russian literature
In general, theological terms this study examines the interplay of early Christian understandings of history, revelation, and identity. The book explores this interaction through detailed analysis of appeals to "mystery" in the Pauline letter collection and then the discourse of previously hidden but newly revealed mysteries in various second-century thinkers. T.J. Lang argues that the historical coordination of the concealed/revealed binary ("the mystery previously hidden but presently revealed") enabled these early Christian authors to ground Christian claims - particularly key ecclesial, hermeneutical, and christological claims - in Israel's history and in the eternal design of God while at the same time accounting for their revelatory newness. This particular Christian conception of time gives birth to a new and totalizing historical consciousness, and one that has significant implications for the construction of Christian identity, particularly vis-à-vis Judaism.
To become and be a mature human being, to be alive, in the midst of such a drama in which all people do in truth live, describes a radical participation. To be alive means, as Father Berrigan puts it, enduring "the crisis of grace." The fruit of the gift of Christ to this world is an unequivocal and utterly vulnerable immersion in the world as it is. . . . It means living in such a way that life is welcomed as the extraordinary gift which life is and, then, honoring that gift by extravagance: by giving one's own life away. -- "They call us dead men, and we live," wrote St. Paul. Berrigan's immersion into Pauline theology has allowed him to present his deepest concerns for the Church's role in the world. Knowing that the Church can not live in retreat from life, he illuminates the implications of the "Triple Revolution"-race, peace, and technology- for committed Christians who wish to see true renewal within ecclesial life. --From the Introduction by William Stringfellow
Christianity in China
The Christian heritage of Kosovo and Metohija : the historical and spiritual heartland of the Serbian people
To serve God and Wal-Mart : the making of Christian free enterprise
The lifeblood of the village of Ivy Hill is its coaching inn, The Bell. When the innkeeper dies suddenly, his genteel wife, Jane, becomes the reluctant owner. With a large loan due, can Jane and her resentful mother-in-law, Thora, find a way to save the inn—and discover fresh hope for the future?
Introduction --A: Stories Relating to the Period of the New Testament Gospels --1. The Birth of Jesus --2. The Childhood of Jesus --3. Jesus' Parents --4. The Ministry of Jesus --5. The Death and Resurrection of Jesus --6. Pilate --7. Jesus in the Underworld --8. Veronica --9. Zacharias --B: Stories Relating to the Growth of the Church --10. Peter --11. Paul --12. John --13. Thomas --14. Andrew --C. Stories Relating to Life After Death --15. Heaven and Hell --16. The End of Time.
The more of less : finding the life you want under everything you own
Body and soul : a girl's guide to a fit, fun, and fabulous life
Beowulf and the appositive style
This book will employ historical archaeological evidence to broadly examine the forces that fed the Second Great Awakening and how a range of communities responded to the activist religious fervor of the time.
Being Christian : baptism, Bible, Eucharist, prayer
Present over perfect : leaving behind frantic for a simpler, more soulful way of living
Shakespeare's Christian dimension : an anthology of commentary
Mors Britannica : lifestyle and death-style in Britain today
Intercultural hermeneutics in Africa : methods and approaches
About Christ and the church : Father Alexander Men ; translated by Fr. Alexis Vinogradov
Don't give up, don't give in : lessons from an extraordinary man
Jesus and the Gentiles
A tour of bones : facing fear and looking for life
Social capitalism : a study of Christian democracy and the welfare state
Christianity and digital culture : analysis of users' experiences of the christian social networking site in Taiwan - Walei
A dictionary of Asian Christianity
The Chronicles of Narnia as a synthesis of C. S. Lewis's Christian and literary themes : the way into Narnia through romanticism, myth and Christian faith
"Although scholars have widely acknowledged the prevalence of religious reference in the work of Cormac McCarthy, this is the first book on the most pervasive religious trope in all his works: the image of sacrament, and in particular, of eucharist. Informed by postmodern theories of narrative and Christian theologies of sacrament, Matthew Potts reads the major novels of Cormac McCarthy in a new and insightful way, arguing that their dark moral significance coheres with the Christian theological tradition in difficult, demanding ways. Potts develops this account through an argument that integrates McCarthy's fiction with both postmodern theory and contemporary fundamental and sacramental theology. In McCarthy's novels, the human self is always dispossessed of itself, given over to harm, fate, and narrative. But this fundamental dispossession, this vulnerability to violence and signs, is also one uniquely expressed in and articulated by the Christian sacramental tradition. By reading McCarthy and this theology alongside postmodern accounts of action, identity, subjectivity, and narration, Potts demonstrates how McCarthy exploits Christian theology in order to locate the value of human acts and relations in a way that mimics the dispossessing movement of sacramental signs. This is not to claim McCarthy for theology, necessarily, but it is to assert that McCarthy generates his account of what human goodness might look like in the wake of metaphysical collapse through the explicit use of Christian theology"--
Dictionary of sects, heresies, ecclesiastical parties and schools of religious thought
A theology of alterity : Levinas, Von Balthasar, and Trinitarian praxis
Doubts and loves : what is left of Christianity
The power of commitment : a guide to active, lifelong love
