http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14230 office technology
office technology
The marketing of tourism products : concepts, issues and cases
E-commerce & information technology in hospitality & tourism
Man-computer interface 1989b
Defining new directions for user experience design
Feng shui and harmonious living : balance the energies of your house, mind and body with ancient techniques and the wisdom of ages
Human factors of information technology in the office
Administrative assistant's & secretary's handbook
Optimization of office building frame with semi-rigid joints in normal and fire conditions
Cloud computing simplified for small businesses : five steps for successful cloud office automation
Showreel.01 : 53 projects on audiovisual design
Journalism and new media
Media uudelle vuosituhannelle = Media for the new millennium
Combo : intelligent nomadic workstation
Sanasto : kirjaan a guide to English business correspondence
Designing business : multiple media, multiple disciplines. Clement Mok
Gender, expertise and information technology
This collection brings together two areas of research and debate: firstly the sociology of gender relations in the workplace, and secondly the expanding body of interdisciplinary research into the design of computer systems. The book articulates distinctive gender perspectives in relation to IT.
English commercial correspondence : for the office beginner
English business letters for commercial schools
Manufacturing facilities design and material handling
Communication and Information Management within projects in Architecture Engineering and Construction Industry
Mental workload : research on computer-aided design work and on the implementation of office automation
Information technology for travel and tourism
Far from the factory : lean for the information age
Englantilainen kauppakirjeenvaihto : toinen kurssi = English commercial correspondence : advanced course
Kantoren bestaan niet meer = The demise of the office
Hiljaa hälyn keskellä : Kampin hiljentymiskappeli, Helsinki : Silence amidst the bustle of the city : Kamppi Chapel of Silence, Helsinki
User-driven innovation : the world's first business computer
Project management for design professionals
Improving an order-delivery process with Process Management and Lean methodology : case: Startex Oy
Büro und Geschäftsgang/Telefon- und Telegrafendienst : Deutsch/Englisch = Office terminology and procedure/Telephone and telegraph services : German/English
Future of the IT equipment in office
Information technology and tourism : a challenging relationship
A handbook of English business correspondence : for colleges and commerce
Who says elephants can't dance? : leading a great enterprise through dramatic change
The global and the national : media and communications in post-Communist Russia
The look of the century
Information technology  -  office equipment accessibility guidelines for elderly persons and persons with disabilities
Microsoft Office 2010 bible
Sanasto kirjaan A guide to English business correspondence
Building security : strategies & costs : risk assessment, security planning, cost data for construction & security systems
New technologies and social change : office automation
Implementation of building information modelling in small offices in Germany; which planning stage is the optimal stage? : a case study of adjusting BIM in designing phase of 6 story building in Berlin
Microsoft Office 2013 bible
eTourism case studies : management and marketing issues
Digital architecture now : a global survey of eremging talent
A handbook of English business correspondence for commercial colleges
Technology for facility managers : the impact of cutting-edge technology on facility management
Vocabulary for the student office personnel of polytechnics : a resource/self-study material package
English commercial correspondence for the office beginner
Office kaizen : transforming office operations into a strategic competitive advantage
Aflaskop Office System planning guide
Success secrets from Silicon Valley : how to make your teams more effective (no matter what business you're in)
Modern English business correspondence with glossary
Adventures in stationery : a journey through your pencil case
Open information management in health care
Tools of the mind : techniques and methods for intellectual work
A guide to English business correspondence
Corporate rivalry and market power : competition issues in the tourism industry
Englisch commercial correspondence : for the office beginner
The intelligence of intelligent buildings : the feasibility of the intelligent building concept in office buildings
Gendered by design? : information technology and office systems
A handbook of English business correspondence : glossary and index
Report on the social implications of introducing new technology in the banking sector
Procedures & theory for administrative professionals
Office kaizen : Transforming office operations into a strategic competitive advantage
In this thesis the history, development and future of IT equipment in the office environment are dealt with. What an assistant/secretary should know about office IT equipment is also handled. The research question is how and in which direction office IT equipment will develop in the future. The research question is solved, keeping in mind the assistant's point of view. What an assistant should know about office IT equipment both now and in the future is also ascertained. This thesis was done for Enviroburners Ltd, which manufactures burners and other equipment for industrial usage. Enviroburners Ltd is currently renewing their office's IT equipment, and they wanted information on what they should consider when buying new machines. The empirical part of this thesis was done by gathering information from a web-site and interviewing professionals in the IT field. The theoretical part was created with the help of the relevant literature. The Internet was also an important source of information. The information gained from the Internet was used after critical assessment and cross checked information from other sources. In this thesis information technology in the office environment was mainly dealt with, i.e. the computer and its accessories. The matter of what an assistant should know about this area was also handled. Copy machines and some of the most important software and operating systems were dealt with, but the main focus was on IT equipment hardware in the office environment. From this hardware, the contents of a computer were dealt with, i.e. what a present-day computer needs to be able to work well. In the thesis future predictions regarding different parts of a computer were dealt with. Aid for predicting the future was gained from relevant literature and publications. Interviews and a poll on a web-site called MuroBBS also helped to determine future predictions for office IT equipment. According to this research, nothing drastic will happen in the near future concerning desk top computers. Increasing speeds and more efficient machines will become available, and prices will become lower. It could be said that what is new today will be old tomorrow. However, the fact that equipment is getting smaller and mobile phones are taking the place of laptops also affects office work. Communicators will become more generalized and some work will be done outside of the office. The space for electronic archiving will increase in the future. In addition to this, the shrinking of equipment will increase table space in offices. With the generalization of communicators one has to pay attention to information security, since the same threats that affect normal computers also affect these communication devices. An assistant should keep herself updated. She does not need to know the technical details of what happens inside of a computer, but knowledge of different parts of it can be an advantage in her work. In addition, assistants should train themselves to meet the requirements that the future will set for them regarding office IT equipment.
In the footsteps of transition : the five decades of Oy Konttorityö 1938-1988
The myth of the paperless office
Holistic integration tester
eTourism : Information technology for strategic tourism management
Market situation of enterprise resource planning systems in engineering offices in the context of marketing planning
The green office manual : a guide to responsible practice
TAT-komponenttirakentaminen = The new component system building technology
