http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1423 domestic animal production
domestic animal production
British poultry abstracts
Feeding strategy for the high yielding dairy cow
Swine production
Current advances in selenium research and applications. Volume 1
Agricultural systems : economics, technology and diversity
Adding value to livestock diversity : marketing to promote local breeds and improve livelihoods
The objectives of the study with dairy bulls offered grass silage-based diet were to determine the effects on animal performance of (1) concentrate type (barley vs. commercial concentrate) and (2) supplementation of rapeseed meal (RSM) in barley-based concentrate, with data being compared from preweaning to slaughter. The experiment comprised a total of 37 Finnish Ayrshire and 23 Holstein-Friesian bulls. Experimental concentrate treatments were 1) rolled barley (B), 2) rolled barley + rapeseed meal (BRSM) and 3) commercial concentrate (CC). During the preweaning (from 0.5 to 2.5 months) there were no differences in intake, gain or feed conversion. During the postweaning (from 2.5 to 6.0 months) the energy intake and gain of the B bulls were 12-13% lower than those of the BRSM bulls (p < 0.05) and 16% lower than those of the CC bulls (p < 0.01). However, there were no treatment differences in the energy intake or gain of the bulls during the finishing period (from 6.0 to 18.0 months of age) or on average during the experiment. Furthermore, carcass traits of the bulls did not differ between treatments. It is concluded that production traits were unaffected by concentrate type or RSM supplementation when data is compared from preweaning to slaughter.
Influence of pre partum and post partum plane of nutrition on the performance of crossbred suckler cows and their progeny
Proceedings [of the] XIII International Congress in Animal Hygiene, ISAH-2007 June 17-21, 2007, Tartu, Estonia : animal health, animal  welfare and biosecurity. Vol. 2
Fifth International Conference on Production Disease in Farm Animals, Uppsala, Sweden, August 10 to 12, 1983 : proceedings
World livestock 2011 : livestock in food security
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja = Lantbruksstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics. 2010.
Patterns of mixed land use on remote Eurasian rangelands
This book identifies future scientific research priorities for developing emissions inventories, emissions abatement techniques and mitigation strategies in order to improve and sustain livestock production that is in line with climate change adaptation. Livestock production is a major source of atmospheric pollutants and greenhouse gases, such as methane, nitrogen oxides, carbon dioxide and ammonia, all of which directly contribute to global warming and climate change. Air pollutant emissions from agricultural practices have a negative environmental impact and are of relevant political importance, as highlighted in both the Kyoto and Gothenburg Protocols. This book provides solutions on how to abate these emissions by using effective abatement techniques such as additives, manure storage covers, aerobic and anaerobic treatments, and dietary manipulation. Each chapter in the book provides valuable, up-to-date information on abatement techniques, thus allowing the reader to better understand the issues involved. Recent advances and new perspectives in the field are also discussed.
The state of the world's animal genetic resources for food and agriculture
An introduction to animal husbandry in the tropics
An econometric model for the Finnish egg industry = Suomen kananmunasektoria kuvaava ekonometrinen malli
Mason`s world dictionary of livestock breeds, types and varieties
The growing and finishing pig: improving efficiency
Advanced series in agricultural sciences
Handbook of rural technology for the processing of animal by-products
OECD-FAO agricultural outlook
Abatement techniques for reducing emissions from livestock buildings
Proceedings of the International Livestock Environment Symposium : April 17,18,19 1974 Nebraska Center for Continuing Education, University of Nebraska-Lincoln
Effects of grass-red clover silage digestibility and concentrate protein concentration on performance, carcass value, eating quality and economy of finishing Hereford bulls reared in cold conditions
Index to livestock literature microfiched by the ILCA/IDRC team in the Gambia
African agriculture : the next 25 years. Annex 3, Raising productivity
Journal of animal physiology and animal nutrition
Organic livestock farming : principles, practicalities and profits: papers presented at conferences held at the Heriot-Watt University, Edinburgh, and at the University of Reading, 9 and 10 February 2001
Farmers' managerial thinking and management process effectiveness as factors of financial success on Finnish dairy farms
Application of biotechnology to nutrition of animals in developing countries
Animal agriculture and the environment : National Center for Manure and Animal Waste Management white papers
A keen eye : fact and folklore on Scottish Highland cattle
Indian farming
Journal
Feeding levels during the growing phase affect the production of primiparous Finnish Landrace ewes
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja = Lantbruksstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics. 2001.
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja = Lantbruksstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics. 2003.
Enhancing crop-livestock systems in Conservation Agriculture for sustainable production intensification : a farmer discovery process going to scale in Burkina Faso
This study estimated the possibilities of reducing costs and improving input use in a sample of Swedish farms specialising in beef production. Input use efficiency was measured in a multi-output, multi-input function distance function analysis, covering the period 2008-2011. For comparison, both the classical radial and the generalised non-parametric approach were used. The results revealed that on average, costs could be decreased by 20%. Both models constructed frontiers where: i) the rankings of farms according to efficiency were positively and highly correlated and ii) the size and the significance of the parameter estimates were similar. Input-saving technologies were found to be positively influenced by livestock density, pasture availability and the use of coupled income support. Larger farms, farms with higher specialisation in beef cattle, farms with a larger number of animals older than 2 years, farms converting to organic production, farms located in less favoured areas and farms located in regions with a shorter grazing period were found be less efficient.
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja = Lantbruksstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics. 2009.
Animal production
New concepts of sheep growth
British poultry science
Book of abstracts of the 51st Annual Meeting of the European Asssociation for Animal Production, The Hague, The Netherlands, 21-24 August 2000
Genetic parameters for growth traits in pigs estimated using third degree polynomial functions
Probiotics in animal nutrition : production, impact and regulation
Index to livestock literature microfiched in Ethiopia
Management and welfare of farm animals : UFAW farm handbook
Sustainability - a challenge to animal production and breeding
Livestock production and society
Guidelines for the preparation of livestock sector reviews
Sustainable improvement of animal production and health
Legume seeds and rapeseed press cake as substitutes for soybean meal in sow and piglet feed
Archives of animal nutrition
Future production and productivity in livestock farming: science versus politics : proceedings of a DSA symposium held in Strasbourg, 23-25 April 1986.
Biology of metabolism in growing animals
Principles of cattle production
Practical handbook of agricultural science
Chilean journal of agricultural research
Livestock keeping in urban areas : a review of traditional technologies based on literature and field experiments
Feeding dairy cows in the tropics : proceedings of the FAO expert consultation held in Bangkok, Thailand, 7-11 July 1989
The study was conducted to evaluate an appropriate inclusion level of white-flowered semi-leafless green spring peas in diets for laying hens. Egg production and egg quality variables (specific weight, Haugh unit, shell strenght) were determined with 576 hens in a 52-week feeding experiment, which comprised of three feeding phases. The hens were offered one of the four cereal and soybean meal (SBM) based experimental diets. Peas were tested in proportions of 0, 100, 200 or 300 g kg-1 in the diet. Pea inclusion had no effects on production performance, feed consumption or feed conversion ratio (FCR) of the hens during the entire trial. The pea inclusion impaired FCR during the second feeding phase (p < 0.05) and increased birds' live weight in a linear manner during the second and the third feeding phases (p < 0.05). Pea inclusion had no effects on egg quality. It can be concluded that at least 300 g kg-1 of the studied peas can be used in the diets of laying hens without negative effects on production performance or egg quality.
Farm sanctuary : changing hearts and minds about animals and food
Swedish journal of agricultural research
Feeding weaned piglets and growing-finishing pigs with diets based on mainly home-grown organic feedstuffs
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja = Lantbruksstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics. 2000.
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja = Lantbruksstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics. 2006.
Environmental concerns in animal agriculture and feeding operations
Feed supplementation blocks, urea-molasses multinutrient blocks : simple and effective feed supplement technology for ruminant agriculture
Poultry international : production, prosessing and marketing worldwide
Microbial ecology in growing animals
Workshop on Protein Feed for Animal Production in Central and Eastern Europe : Rennes, France, 30 June - 1 July 2000
Animal breeding and production : an outline
Dairy farmer
Reproductive technologies in farm animals
CIGR handbook of agricultural engineering. Vol. 2, Animal production & aquacultural engineering
Summerhays encyclopaedia for horsemen
Grass and forage science
The Chernobyl reactor accident and its impact on Swedish agriculture, especially on animal husbandry : efforts by authorities and organizations
Muscle development of livestock animals : physiology, genetics, and meat quality
FAO animal production and health manual
Biology of nutrition in growing animals
Animal hygiene : scientific co-operation over borders for animal and human health
Finnish animal production
Calving performance, production and reproduction in early lactation : studies on variation and interrelationships in Swedish dairy breeds under experimental conditions
Australian journal of agricultural research
Designing and implementing livestock value chain studies : a practical aid for Highly Pathogenic and Emerging Disease (HPED) control
Agroborealis
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja = Lantbruksstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics. 2004.
World animal science. B 6, Animal prodution and environmental health
Precision livestock farming '09 : papers presented at the 4th European conference on precision livestock farming, Wageningen, the Netherlands, 6-8 July 2009
The objective of the study was to analyze how farmers' managerial thinking and management process effectiveness contribute to profitability of farming. A structural equation model of these two elements of management capacity and financial performance was applied on survey data and bookkeeping results from 117 dairy farms. The model explained one-fourth of the varying profitability of sample farms. The results show that farmers' managerial thinking is connected to farm profitability, but management process effectiveness is not. It was concluded that it is essential for good performance that the farmer has a clear vision of developing farming with business and investment plans. Successful farmers also have a firm confidence in their managerial skills, a strong emphasis on instrumental and intrinsic values, and a high appreciation of farming as occupation. They also see the farm as an entrepreneurial business unit and intend to follow the corresponding principles of management.
Animal welfare in extensive production systems
World animal science. B 5, Bioclimatology and the adaptation of livestock
Effects of barley grain compared to commercial concentrate or rapeseed meal supplementation on performance of growing dairy bulls offered grass silage-based diet
2009 organic farm management handbook
West African agriculture : a textbook for schools and colleges
Transfer of radionuclides to livestock : proceedings of a workshop on husbandry practices and uptake of radionuclides by livestock, University of Oxford, Oxford, United Kingdom, 5-8 September 1988
Animal welfare and meat production
Quarterly data sheet
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja = Lantbruksstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics. 2007.
Precision livestock farming applications : making sense of sensors to support farm management
Animal welfare aspects of good agricultural practice : pig production
Comparison of the disease incidences of Finnish Ayrshire and Finnish Black and White dairy cows
Animal sciences : the biology, care, and production of domestic animals
The aim of the present experiment was to study the effects of (1) digestibility of grass-red clover silage (GCS) and (2) concentrate protein concentration on the performance, eating quality and economy of Hereford bulls during a six months pre-slaughter period, and reared in cold indoor facilities. Thirtyone bulls with an initial live weight (LW) of 289 kg were selected for a 2 x 2 factorial design experiment consisting of two primary growth GCSs harvested at different maturities (in vitro digestible organic matter (OM) in dry matter (DM), D value: Early-cut, E, 750 g kg⁻¹ DM; Late-cut, L, 699 g kg⁻¹ DM) and two concentrate crude protein concentrations (Medium, M, 170 g kg⁻¹ DM; High, H, 210 g kg⁻¹ DM). The concentrate comprised milled barley and pelleted commercial protein compound and was offered daily on average 3.2 kg DM, including 0.45 and 1.13 kg of rapeseed cake in M and H, respectively. Grass-red clover silage was offered ad libitum. The target cold carcass weight was 330 kg.The proportion of concentrate of the total daily DM intake averaged 0.337 during the entire experiment. Treatments had no effect on the daily intake of GCS, total intake of DM, DM intake kg⁻¹ LW0.75 and metabolizable energy averaging 6.0 and 9.4 kg DM, 97.4 g and 109.4 MJ, respectively. The digestibility of dietary OM and neutral detergent fibre was lower (p < 0.05, 0.733 vs. 0.769 and 0.625 vs. 0.665) on diet L than on diet E. The animals on diet E tended to consume daily on average 1.29 kg less (p < 0.10) DM kg⁻¹ net weight gain than those on diet L. The time to achieve the target carcass weight was on average 18 days longer (p < 0.01) on diet L than on diet E. During the entire experiment the LW gain averaged 1795 and 1609 g d⁻¹ (p < 0.01) on diets E and L, respectively. The concentrate protein concentration did not affect animal performance. Treatments had no significant effect on the kill-out proportion, EUROP carcass conformation and carcass fat classification which averaged 537 g kg⁻¹, 6.5 and 3.6, respectively. The eating quality of the tested loins was good. Treatments had only a minor effect on the yield of valuable cuts. It is concluded that the digestibility of silage is important since the early-cut silage improved the growth rate and shortened the finishing period of bulls significantly compared with those fed late-cut silage. The lower yield and, thus, higher unit cost of early.cut silage may, however, invalidate its superiority compared with the late.cut silage. There was no benefit from using concentrate of high protein concentration.
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja = Lantbruksstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics. 2002.
Animal health control in Finland
Australian journal of experimental agriculture
An international consultation on integrated crop-livestock systems for development : the way forward for sustainable production intensification
Proceedings of the Australian Society of Animal Production
African agriculture : the next 25 years. Raising productivity
Amaranth to zai holes : ideas for growing food under difficult conditions
Collecting data on livestock
Enhancing animal health security and food safety in organic livestock production : proceedings of the 3rd SAFO Workshop 16-18 September 2004, Falenty, Poland
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja = Lantbruksstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics. 2008.
Modern livestock and poultry production
Crop residue based densified total mixed ration : a user-friendly approach to utilise food crop by-products for ruminant production
Turkey world
Herd health : food animal production medicine
Agricultural biotechnology : opportunities for international development
Input saving possibilities and practices contributing to more efficient beef production in Sweden
American bee journal
Private regulation of value chains in Finnish pork industry : how private regulation schemes are used and could be used to ensure quality
Proceedings of the 25th International Dairy Congress, Aarhus 21 - 24 September 1998. 3, Future milk farming
Pig production : what the textbooks don't tell you
CRC handbook of agricultural productivity. Vol. 2, Animal productivity
Researching sustainable systems : first Scientific Conference of the International Society of Organic Agriculture Research (ISOFAR) in cooperation with the International Federation of Organic Agriculture Movements (IFOAM) and the National Association for Sustainable Agriculture, Australia (NASAA), 21 - 23 September 2005, Adelaide Convention Centre, Adelaide, South Australia : proceedings
Import risk analysis : animals and animal products
Mixed crop-livestock farming : a review of traditional technologies based on literature and field experiments
Abstracts of papers : April 17, 18, 19 1974 Nebraska Center for Continuing Education, University of Nebraska-Lincoln
Livestock health and housing
Organic agriculture for biodiversity: current contributions and future possibilities : proceedings of the third international IFOAM conference on biodiversity and organic agriculture : Nairobi, Kenya 2004
Recent advances in animal nutrition : 2003
FAO animal production and health proceedings
A practical guide to the feeding of organic farm animals : pigs, poultry, cattle, sheep and goats
Beretning fra Fællesudvalget for statens planteavls- og husdyrbrugsforsøg
Turkeys : production and marketing problems
Mulberry for animal production : proceedings of an electronic conference carried out between May and August 2000
The dynamics of sanitary and technical requirements assisting the poor to cope : expert consultation, Rome, 22-24 June 2004.
Direct energy consumption and CO2 emissions in a Finnish broiler house - a case study
Livestock production science
Commercial poultry nutrition
World livestock 2013 : changing disease landscapes
Digestive physiology in pigs : proceedings of the 5th International symposium on digestive physiology in pigs, Wageningen (Doorwerth), Netherlands, 24-26 April 1991
Plant communities of field boundaries in Finnish farmland
The possibility of replacing soybean meal with mixtures of rapeseed press cake (RPC) and legume seeds in sow and piglet diets was evaluated in an experiment on 30 sows and their progeny. Group I (control) received standard feed mixture containing soybean meal as the main protein source, group II - RPC mixed with fodder pea, group III - field bean, group IV - blue lupine, group V - yellow lupine. Weaned piglets received mixtures containing RPC and legume mixtures. Considerable differences were found in amino acid composition of proteins. Differences in the apparent digestibility of essential nutrients were statistically insignificant. Sows fed with field bean and yellow lupine gave birth to heaviest piglets. After weaning piglets receiving field bean were characterized by the best weight gains. It is concluded that mixing rapeseed cake with legume seeds allows for the complete replacement of soybean meal in sow diets and for partial replacement in piglet diets.
Direct energy (electricity and heating) consumption was measured from one broiler house in southern Finland. CO2 emissions were also calculated. Six broiler flocks were reared per year with an average of 26 000 birds per flock. Heating constituted the major energy input, averaging 1.3 kWh kg-1 of carcass weight. It varied greatly between seasons and was highest during the cold period. Using renewable energy for heating remarkably reduces CO2 emissions compared to fossil energy. Electricity consumption averaged 0.08 kWh kg-1 of carcass weight. The greatest energy saving potential can be found in heating. CO2 emissions can be lowered to similar levels as in warmer countries by using biofuels for heating. Ventilation control is one possibility for direct energy savings in broiler production. Feed production is one of the key elements when total energy consumption is considered.
A founder of an organization dedicated to promoting the compassionate treatment of animals and combating factory farming addresses the ethics of breeding animals for food, exposing inhumane practices utilized by typical food-production companies.
Hoard's dairyman : the national dairy farm magazine
Organic meat production in the '90s : proceedings of a conference held at Reading University 22 September 1989
Directory : published on the occasion of the 40th anniversary of the European Association for Animal Production, June 1989.
Animal production and animal science worldwide
Tables of composition and nutritional values of organically produced feed materials for pigs and poultry
World's poultry science journal
The connection between on-farm assessed welfare (A-index) and production parameters of the sows
Studies on alternative keeping systems for laying hens in Sweden at the Dept. of Animal Nutrition and Management, Swedish University of Agricultural Sciences, Uppsala. March 1988 - October 1991
Beef production from grassland
Proceedings 6th World conference on animal production : Helsinki 1988.
Partners in research for development
Climate vulnerability : understanding and addressing threats to essential resources. Vol. 2, Vulnerability of food resources to climate
Outlook on agriculture
The state of the world's animal genetic resources for food and agriculture - in brief
The Kasetsart journal
Finnish embryo transfer breeding program "ASMO" : description of the goals and a summary of the results of initial selection
Performance of growing and finishing dairy bulls offered diets based on whole-crop barley silage with or without protein supplementation relative to a grass silage-based diet
This study was conducted to examine the performance of growing dairy bulls offered diets based on whole-crop barley silage with or without protein supplementation when compared to a grass silage-based diet. A feeding experiment comprised 36 bulls which were fed a total mixed ration ad libitum. The four dietary treatments were: 1) grass silage (600 g kg-1 dry matter) and rolled barley (400), 2) whole-crop barley silage (600) and rolled barley (400), 3) whole-crop barley silage (600), rolled barley (310) and rapeseed meal-based protein supplementation (90), and 4) whole-crop barley silage (600), rolled barley (330) and rapeseed meal + urea -based protein supplementation (70). Replacing grass silage with whole-crop barley decreased the carcass gain and carcass weight of the bulls due to lower energy intake. Protein supplementation either as rapeseed meal or rapeseed meal + urea of whole-crop barley silage based diets had no effects on animal performance.
Contribution of livestock to food production in developing countries
Farm animal welfare : social, bioethical, and research issues
Annual and seasonal changes in production and composition of grazed clover-grass mixtures in organic farming
Use of semi-leafless peas (Pisum sativum L) in laying hen diets
Gridded livestock of the world 2007
Biotechnology in the feed industry : proceedings of Alltech's Fifth Annual Symposium
Improving health and welfare in animal production : proceedings of sessions of the EAAP Commission on Animal Management & Health : the Hague, the Netherlands, 21-24 August 2000
Uptake, metabolism and biological effects of plant estrogens in sheep and cattle
World livestock production systems : current status, issues and trends
World review of animal production
Acta agriculturae Scandinavica. Section A, Animal science
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja = Lantbruksstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics. 2005.
Ecosystem services as a tool for production improvement in organic farming : the role and impact of biodiversity
