http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14362 independent study
independent study self study
Greek in a click
Colloquial Slovene : the complete course for beginners
"This is my portfolio" : portfolios in upper secondary school English studies
Get started in Greek
Fluent forever : how to learn any language fast and never forget it
Adult education and the postmodern challenge : learning beyond the limits
Teach yourself Danish
Basic tactics for listening : more listening, more testing, more effective
Complete korean
Essentials of perioperative nursing
English for you, too!. Book 2, Opiskelijan äänite
American English file : workbook. 4
Natural English : workbook with key. Intermediate
Better reading Italian
Teach yourself Icelandic
New Headway : workbook with key. Intermediate
New proficiency passkey : teacher's book
Student-directed learning
American English file : student book. 4
Teach yourself beginner's Latin
New cutting edge : workbook with key. Pre-intermediate
Lifestyle : English for work, socializing &​ travel : upper Intermediate coursebook
Self-directed learning : from theory to practice
American English file : student book. 3
Colloquial Arabic (Levantine) : The complete course for beginners
New Headway : workbook with key. Beginner
The theory and practice of learning
The way of the journal : a journal therapy workbook for healing
Italian in a click
Cracking the TOEFL iBT : 2010 edition
Colloquial Spanish of Latin America : the next step in language learning
Focus on First Certificate : grammar practice for the revised exam : with key
Lü you han yu. 1 = Travel in Chinese. 1
Colloquial Urdu : the complete course for beginners
New Headway. Upper-intermediate
American English file. 2
Talk French. 2
Hebrew with pleasure : without a teacher's help!
Portuguese : a complete course in understanding, speaking and writing
English 365 : for work and life. 1, Student's Book
Language links : grammar and vocabulary for self-study
American English file. 1
Independent study : bold new venture
In the mood for more English
English 365 : for work and life. 2, Student's Book
Intermediate Arabic for dummies
Colloquial Arabic of the Gulf and Saudi Arabia : the complete course for beginners
New Headway : workbook with key. Elementary
Colloquial Korean : the complete course for beginners
Teach yourself beginner's Turkish
Expanding tactics for listening : more listening, more testing, more effective
Teach yourself Chinese
Cracking the TOEFL iBT : 2012 edition
First certificate expert : student's resource book with key
Take off in French : the complete language-learning kit
Learn Japanese the fast and fun way
Lifestyle : English for work, socializing &​ travel : elementary coursebook
New Headway. Upper-intermediate : class Audio CDs
English for you. 2 : Opiskelijan CD
New headway. Beginner
Linguaphone : english course
Learn in your car French complete language course
Qiáo = Silta = Bridge. 2, Chuji zhongwén xuéxi = Kiinan kielen peruskurssi = Higher basic chinese
Colloquial Finnish : the complete course for beginners
Get started in Portuguese
First certificate practice tests plus : with key. 2
Appraisals of education-related goals during educational transitions in late adolescence : consequences for academic well-being and goal attainment
English grammar in use : a self-study reference and practice book for intermediate learners of English : with answers and interactive Ebook
Natural English : workbook with key. Upper-intermediate
Brief case : kertaa englantia!
Teaching through self-instruction : a practical handbook for course developers
Colloquial English : a complete English language course
Gen wo xue han yu : xue sheng yong shu di 1 ce = Learn Chinese with me : student's book 1
The barefoot lawyer : the remarkable memoir of China's bravest political activist
Learn in your car German complete
Cracking the TOEFL iBT : 2017 edition
New cutting edge : students' book. Elementary
Total English. Intermediate : Student's book
Tere! : estonian for beginners 0-A1 = eesti keele õpik algajatele 0 - A1
Complete German
Colloquial Japanese : the complete course for beginners
English for you. 1 : Luokkaäänite/Oppikirjaäänite
Colloquial Hebrew : the complete course for beginners
Gen wo xue han yu : xue sheng yong shu di 2 ce = Learn Chinese with me : student's book 2
Colloquial Spanish of Latin America 2 : the next step in language learning
Learn Japanese now! : read, listen, speak
Take off in Italian : the complete language-learning kit
Colloquial Dutch : the complete course for beginners
CAE Gold Plus exam maximiser
How to learn a language : a book for beginners and all others who may be interested
This text focuses on a current area of language learning and teaching - autonomous and self-access language learning. This text provides a variety of examples of current practice in classrooms and self-access centres, at secondary and tertiary levels, and in a number of different cultural contexts. The topics covered include: theoretical perspectives; learners and the learning process; technology; and the evaluation of learner autonomy.
New cutting edge : workbook with key. Elementary
Complete first certificate : student's book with answers
Polish
Colloquial Lithuanian : the complete course for beginners
Cambridge English : Complete First. Student's book with answers / Guy Brook-Hart
New Headway : workbook with key. Pre-intermediate
Norwegian conversation
Planning independent studies and effective questioning : two self-instructional microteaching courses for in service and trainee teachers
IELTS practice tests plus : with key
Spanish in a click
American English file : workbook. 3
Take off in Spanish : the complete language-learning kit
Start Korean
English vocabulary in use : advanced
Teach yourself complete Norwegian
Modeling of professional growth and learning : Bayesian approach
English 365 : for work and life. 2, Personal study book
Lazy learning : making the most of the brains you were born with
Research Methods for the Self-study of Practice
Grammar for first certificate : with answers : self-study grammar reference and practice
New cutting edge : workbook with key. Upper intermediate
Take off in German : the complete language-learning kit
Self-instruction in ESL learning in Nokia Mobile Phones in Salo
Lifestyle : English for work, socializing &​ travel : intermediate coursebook
English for you, too!. Book 1, Oppilaan äänite
Natural English : student's book. Intermediate
Italian grammar you really need to know
Vocabulary for first certificate : with answers : self-study vocabulary practice
English for you, too!. Book 3, Opiskelijan äänite
New headway. Beginner : class Audio CDs
Teach yourself instant Japanese
Pronounce it perfectly in English
IELTS practice tests plus : with key. 2
Taking control : autonomy in language learning
New Headway : student's book. Intermediate
Colloquial Hindi : the complete course for beginners
Cambridge First certificate in English. 3 : with answers : official examination papers from University of Cambridge ESOL examinations
Get started in Latin : for use with accompanying book Get started in Latin : absolute beginner
Complete French
Developing tactics for listening : more listening, more testing, more effective
English for you, too!. Starter : Oppilaan äänite
Development of the self-directed learning readiness scale
Beginner's Chinese : an easy introduction
Teach yourself Arabic
Princess in love
Talk French
