http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14335 funk music
funk music
My life with Earth, Wind & Fire
The trip
The get down boogie sound
George Clinton family series 2
The essential Earth, Wind & Fire
Singles : six decades of hot hits & classic cuts
101 amazing Rihanna facts
This boot is made for fonk-n
From the corner to the block
Diggin' on James Brown
Bass heroes : styles, stories & secrets of 30 great bass players : from the pages of Guitar Player Magazine
One nation under a groove
Open & close; Afrodisiac
New Orleans funk : New Orleans: The original sound of funk. Volume 3 : Two-way-pocky-way, gumbo ya-ya & The Mardi Gras mambo
Funky president : the very best of James Brown : vol 2.
Mothership connection
Master Plan Inc
98% funky stuff : my life in music
Grits & gravy : the best of The Fame Gang
The 12" collection and more
America eats its young
The clones of Dr. Funkenstain
Classic Parliament : The universal masters collection
Find out!
Free your mind and your ass will follow
The story of soul and r&b
Chocolate city
The Fretless Bass
A fifth of funk
I want to take you higher : the life and times of Sly & the Family Stone
Anthology 1992-2003
Coolin' off
Game, dames and guitar thangs
Perfect machine
The new blue music : changes in rhythm & blues, 1950-1999
Head hunters : the making of jazz's first platinum album
Terea
Up for the down stroke
The process
Expensive shit ; He miss road
Trouble over here, trouble over there
Here I am again..plus
The electric spanking of war babies
Guilty!
Music for your mother : Funkadelic 45s
Genius of time : Larry Levan
Explodes across the nation
Expensive shit : He miss road
Bootsy? Player of the year
Black voices
Funk & soul covers
I feel like dynamite : the early Chimneyville singles and more 1970-74
Live at the Budokan
You shouldn't - nuf bit fish
Greatest hits
Coffin for head of state  : Unknown soldier
Shining star : braving the elements of Earth, Wind & Fire
THE STORY OF MOTOWN
The good fight
Tales of Kidd Funkadelic
George Clinton family series 3
Who's for the young
Greatest hits and rare classics
R & B SKELETONS IN THE CLOSET
Empire Stage Building
The Fabulettes
Red Hot Chili Peppers : True men don't kill coyotes
Irresistible Impulse
50 unsung heroes of the guitar
The Baby Huey story : the living legend
Here, my dear
Headless heroes of the apocalypse
We call it soul
The Black album
The best of james brown
What's Bootsy doin'?
The Cinderella theory
"Ragin', full-on"
Disco documentary : full of funk
The one giveth, the count taketh away
LIVE AND LOWDOWN AT THE APOLLO 1
The D.J. International Records anthology
Wake up you! : the rise and fall of Nigerian rock, 1972-1977. Vol. 1
THE BEST OF JAMES BROWN
Jim Payne's New York funk!. Vol. 1
Can you feel it?
The Bootsy Collins anthology
The Chic Organization : up all night
L.A. will make you pay $$$
The whole funk & nothing but the funk : definitive Funkadelic 1976-1981
Live : P. Funk earth tour
Look closer
In the right place
The Brand New Heavies
PARADE / PRINCE AND THE REVOLUTION
Philadelphia International classics : The Tom Moulton remixes
Parker tells the story of his journey from a Southern upbringing to a career touring the world to play for adoring fans. James Brown first discovered the Parker brothers-- Melvin, the drummer, and Maceo on sax-- in a band at a small North Carolina nightclub in 1963. Brown hired them both, but it was Maceo's signature style that helped define Brown's brand of funk.
Nile Rodgers : le freak : an upside down story of family, disco and destiny
Dolemite : the soundtrack
I want to take you higher : the life and times of Sly & The Family Stone
The Virgin encyclopedia of dance music
Jaco : The extraordinary and tragic life of Jaco Pastorius : "The world's greatest bass player"
Gil Scott-Heron : pieces of a man
Working the inner clock for drumset
The Motown story
Captain Rugged
Michael Jackson : the magic, the madness, the whole story
Fatboy Slim : funk soul brother
The rough guide to Latin disco
Joel Whitburn's top r&b singles 1942-1995 : combiled from Billboard magazine's R&B Singles charts, 1942-1995
The great drummers of r&b, funk & soul
The hook and sling
Far out jazz and afro funk: the definitive Brazilian & heavy afro funk collection
Play the funk
Say it loud! : my memories of James Brown, soul brother no. 1
Prince
Funky Miracle  2CD
THE UPLIFT MOFO PARTY PLAN
Anthology
THERMONUCLEAR SWEAT
Did you give the world some love today, baby : expanded edition
Showtime
Ultra wave
Tear the roof off : 1974-1980
The Cinderella Theory
The folks from mother's mixer
Sex machine : live in concert
Surinam!  : Boogie & disco funk from the Surinamese dance floors 76'-83'
Thermonuclear sweat
The best of Jimmy Castor Bunch : the everything man
Change the beat : 14 tracks from Madonna's New York scene
AROUND THE WORLD IN A DAY
Ooh yea : the Betty Davis songbook
A man with no past originating the future
Rainbow children
Lagos chop up: fuji & afrobeat, highlife & juju
Crisis
Presence and pleasure : the funk grooves of James Brown and Parliament
Any other way to go?
The best of Brass Construction: movin' & changin'
Body music
Nighttime lovers. Volume 24
Cold sweat
In America
Testing positive 4 the funk
Monkey banana ; Excuse O
Prince : inside the music and the masks
Make a sound
Prince : chaos, disorder and revolution
