http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14314 horse farms
horse farms
Hammers over the anvil
Natural and Classic Type of Stables  : Case: Club de Polo y Equitación and Equilibre in Chile
Agritourism : tourism, farm, list of wine- producing regions, ranch, guest ranch, agricultural show, Troodos mountains, corn maze, forestry, pizza farm, geotourism, silos & smokestacks
Business management for the equine industry
Free spirit : the mustang
Stables S.O.S
Bedding and manure management in horse stables : its effect on stable air quality, paddock hygiene and the compostability and utilization of manure
The business of horses : creating a successful horse business
All the pretty horses
Chino = The Valdez horses
Horse economics : a personal finance guide for the horse owner
Magic spirit : the dream horse
Solo : the super star
Foal's bread
Moonshadow : the Derby winner
Cities of the plain
Two if by sea
Irish Rebel
The growing popularity of horse keeping is accompanied by an increase of phosphorus (P) and faecal micro-organisms from outdoor paddocks. We used an indoor rainfall simulation to monitor  concentrations of dissolved reactive P (DRP) and faecal coliforms in runoff and percolation water from different paddock footings. Drainage water was also monitored from two paddocks constructed of woodchips. Sand retained more DRP (p<0.0001) and coliforms from percolation water than woodchips. Some of the footings were amended with P-sorbing materials, such as [Ca(OH)2], [Fe2(SO4)3], or Fe-gypsum, to retain DRP. High DRP concentrations (17-18 mg l-1) were observed in runoff from a woodchip footing amended earlier with Ca(OH)2 and in sand footing amended with CaCO3. However, application of Fe-gypsum to woodchips decreased the DRP load in percolation water by 83% compared to the footing without Fe-gypsum. Fe compounds were better than Ca compounds. The decrease in coliforms was usually small due to the modest pH changes in the water.
Stripy : the zebra foal
Managing horses on small properties
Horse business management
Horsez : ranch rescue : PlayStation 2.
Phosphorus and faecal bacteria in runoff from horse paddocks and their mitigation by the addition of P-sorbing materials
Red Admiral : the racehorse
Horsez : ranch rescue : Wii
