http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14380 chamber music
chamber music
Trio : Eb major : for pianoforte, violin and horn (or cello or viola)
The Mozart effect : music for dads and dads-to-be
Woodwind ensemble music guide
Nineteenth-century chamber music
Histoire du soldat : Lue, Jouée et Dansée en Deux Parties = The Soldier s tale : to be read, played and danced in two parts
Peter & the wolf : symphonic fairytale, op. 67
Dido's lament : from Dido and Aeneas for two violins, viola and cello
The literature of chamber music. Volume 3, Labey to Ronsheim
Cello music since 1960 : a bibliography of solo, chamber, & orchestral works for the solo cellist
String quartet chamber music :  the personal way of music development
Motets, anthems, fantasias & voluntaries
Christmas songs : Karaoke for instruments : chamber music in c
Time will pronounce : the 1992 commissions
Everything is healing nicely
The literature of chamber music. Volume 2, Eggermann to Kyurkchiisky
Building a chamber music collection : a descriptive guide to published scores
Chamber music and songs
Chamber orchestra and ensemble repertoire : a catalog of modern music
Trio
Let the wind speak
Sins of old age : piano selections from Péchés de vieillesse
Songs, drones and refrains of death
Ecoutez cette musique de la forêt : une brève présentation du Festival de musique de chambre de Kuhmo = Listen, there's music from the forest : a brief presentation of the Kuhmo Chamber Music Festival
Guide to chamber music
Harp music bibliography : chamber music and concertos
Mozart : chamber music
Bassic instinct : five acoustic aspects to the instrumental nature of the double bass in chamber ensembles
Pachelbel's Greatest Hit : The Ultimate Canon
The ecstasy of the moment
Three songs : for two violins, viola and cello
Gábor Takács-Nagy at the Verbier Festival Academy : Johannes Brahms: Piano Quartet No 3 in C Minor. Chamber music masterclass
Music among friends
Stravinsky Conducts Stravinsky : The Original Jacket Collection
When the moon : songs, sets for orchestra
The four string quartets
Coronation anthems, Concerti a due cori
Petrushka ; Ragtime ; Octet for Wind ; Suite: The Soldier's tale
Beethoven's chamber music : a listener's guide
Différences : for 5 instruments and magnetic tape
Life story : Debut
Cikada plays : Wallin - Hedstrøm - Ore - Persen
Kammermusikschule für Streicher = Chamber music method for strings. 3, Klassische Trio = Classical trio
Beethoven for a later age : The journey of a string quartert
CCS #21
Chamber music
Please Come Back To Me : Nine songs of love for the soprano and piano, op. 42
Gábor Takács-Nagy at the Verbier Festival Academy : Bartók: String Quartet No 5 (4th Movement). Masterclass
Verklärte Nacht and Pierrot Lunaire
A Jewish legacy
Kammermusikschule für Streicher = Chamber music method for strings : 2 : Triosonate im Barock = Baroque trio sonata
The listeners guide to chamber music
New tunes for strings / Stanley Fletcher ; instructional design by Paul Rolland : Book 2 : violin / advisory editors: cello Margaret A. Roswell, double bass Edward Krolick
The piano trio : its history, technique and repertoire
Die Kunst der Fuge : (the Art of Fugue) From the "Bach-Geschellschaft" edition
Cage, Rush, Logothetis, Moran
As I hear them
Concertino da camera / Triumf att finnas till : Lament and incantation : Silence and eruptions
The piano in chamber ensemble : an annotated guide
Sonate a tre op1. Vol. 4: sonatas 10-12 : for two violins, violoncello and basso continuo
Rothko chapel ; Why patterns?
For your safety
Twentieth-century chamber music
The Essential Philip Glass
Songs and chamber music
Music for five
The Darwin Effect
The LaSalle Quartet : conversations with Walter Levin
Just stompin'
Songs and poems for solo cello
A dictionary of musical themes
Brion, Sindbad, Exiles
Cobbett's cyclopedic survey of chamber music
Intimate music : a history of the idea of chamber music
British piano trios, quartets, and quintets, 1850-1950 : a checklist
The image of melancholy
Gamba nova : Contemporary music for baroque instruments and voices
Eine kleine Nachtmusik : (Serenade) G major for 2 violins, viola, violoncello and bass
Early English chamber music : From the Middle Ages to Purcell
In C
My son, my son, what have ye done : sounds from the motion picture
Cease, anxious world = Cesse, humanité inquiète : songs & chamber music
Suomalais-Unkarilaista kamarimusiikkia nuorille jousisoittajille. VI, Veden äärellä = Finn-magyar kamaramuzsika ifjúsági vonósegyüttesekre. VI, Tavak és folyók dalai = Finnish-Hungarian chamber music for young string players. VI, Songs of lakes and rivers
Voice of the whale ; Night of the four moons
Gábor Takács-Nagy at the Verbier Festival Academy : Brahms: Piano Quartet No 3 in C Minor. Masterclass
The literature of chamber music. Volume 4, Röntgen to Zwilich
Kammermusikschule für Streicher = Chamber music method for strings : 3 : Klassische Trio = Classical trio
Cobbett's cyclopedic survey of chamber music. Vol. 3
Suomalais-Unkarilaista kamarimusiikkia nuorille jousisoittajille. V, Vuodenajat = Finn-magyar kamaramuzsika ifjúsági vonósegyüttesekre. V, Évszakok = Finnish-Hungarian chamber music for young string players. V, The seasons
Frederic Chopin's Chamber Music and Polish Songs
Keytunes : for violin / viola / cello : piano score ; [arranged by Sheila M. Nelson]
Musical London c. 1700 : from Purcell to Handel
Living toys
60 years of Dutch chamber music = 60 annees de musique de chambre Neerlandaise = Niederländische Kammermusik
The John Adams Earbox
Chamber music : an extensive guide for listeners
Mozart chamber music
Image and structure in chamber music
My foolish harp
The chamber music of Brahms
Vox Balaenae = (Voice of the whale) : for three masked players
Tunes for three. 20 easy trios for C, C and bass instruments
Vocal chamber music : a performer's guide
Bartóks chamber music
Cobbett's cyclopedic survey of chamber music. Vol. 2, I-Z
The Soldier's tale : complete = Geschichte vom Soldaten = Histoire du Soldat
Fiddle tunes for two violas
Krabogapa : for clarinet, trombone, cello and piano
Lichtbogen : for nine musicians and live electronics
Corky Siegel's Traveling Chamber Blues Show!
Kammermusikschule für Streicher = Chamber music method for strings. 4, Leichte klassische Streichquartette = Easy classical string quartets
Glass box
The blue notebooks
Brahms chamber music
Raising the gaze
Huilumusiikkia : music for flute
New tunes for strings : instructional design by Paul Rolland : Book 1 : viola
Chamber works for strings. Vol. 1
State of the art - Deutsche Grammophon : The story = Die Geschichte
Ode to Napoleon Buonaparte op. 41 (1942) for string quartet, piano and reciter
Night sessions
As I went to Walsingham : Elizabethan music = Musique élisabéthaine = Elisabethanische Musik
The literature of chamber music. Volume 1, Abaco to Eggen
The party is in your head
