http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14374 epigrams
epigrams
Images of eternal beauty in funerary verse inscriptions of the Hellenistic and Greco-Roman periods
Herodes Atticus reflected in occasional poetry of Antonine Athens
Hidden presences : monuments, gravesites, and corpses in Greek funerary epigram
Emblemes and Epigrames
Important research in recent decades, along with the publication of P.Mil.Vogl. VIII 309 ('the Milan Posidippus papyrus') in 2001, have reinvigorated the study of Hellenistic epigram. Yet, scholarship on this genre often remains fragmented according to disciplinary sub-specialty and approach: some scholars focus on poets of Melager's Garland, others on Philip's; some on inscriptional epigram, others on literary; each approaching the genre with different motives and questions. In this volume, expert scholars offer those less familiar with the genre an introduction to all aspects of Hellenistic epigram - from models and forms inherited from inscriptional epigram to poetology, sub-genera, epigrammatic intertexts, and ancient and modern reception.
This book is a chronological survey of the reception history of the Greek Anthology, a Byzantine collection of ancient Greek short poems known as epigrams. Tracing the strange evolution of the Greek Anthology from the early nineteenth century to the years after the first World War, the volume analyses the complex webs of rhetoric that are spun as writers and translators bring their different agendas to bear on the Anthology's text, pruning it to meet their needs. As so little was known about its poets, and because it stood for the 'Anthology' of the Greeks and their culture, the text became the battleground during the 1870s-90s on which normative and dissident interpretations of Ancient Greece were fought out. An emergent mass readership became caught between opposing and rhetorically loaded accounts, casting the Anthology and thus the ancient race on whom the British were supposed to be modelling themselves as patriots and doting spouses or lovers of male Beauty, like the Decadent sensation Oscar Wilde.
Leaving words to remember : Greek mourning and the advent of literacy
Latin elegy and hellenistic epigram : a tale of two genres at Rome
Martial, book IV : a commentary
Brill's companion to Hellenistic epigram : down to Philip
The Latin epigrams
Invisible forms : a guide to literary curiosities
Labored in papyrus leaves : perspectives on an epigram collection attributed to Posidippus (P. Mil Vogl. VIII 309)
Cut These Words into My Stone offers evidence that ancient Greek life was not only celebrated in great heroic epics, but was also commemorated in hundreds of artfully composed verse epitaphs. They have been preserved in anthologies and gleaned from weathered headstones. Ancient Greek epitaphs honor the lives, and often describe the deaths, of a rich cross section of Greek society, including people of all ages and classes- paupers, fishermen, tyrants, virgins, drunks, foot soldiers, generals-and some non-people-horses, dolphins, and insects. With brief commentary and notes, this bilingual collection of 127 short, witty, and often tender epigrams spans 1,000 years of the written word.
The scroll and the marble : studies in reading and reception in Hellenistic poetry
Projekt on early Byzantine non-funerary epgrams
Some examples of play with numbers and framing in martial's epigrams
The epigram in the English Renaissance
This is an introduction to the ancient genre of epigram, short poems literally written or inscribed 'on' an object or figuratively 'on' a topic. The authors set out what epigram means and why it matters, exploring its roots in inscriptions on stone and its literary flourishing in the Hellenistic world after Alexander. They trace its migration from Greece to Rome, where its most famous exponent was Martial, and consider the continuation of Greek epigram under the Roman empire in the so-called 'Second Sophistic'. The final chapter shows how Greek epigram achieved new importance in the nineteenth century as raw material for stories about the classical past.
The Epigrams: a critical edition with commentary
Martial : the world of the epigram
Look who's talking : innovations in voice and identity in Hellenistic epigram
Cut these words into my stone : ancient Greek epitaphs
Astrolabes and angels, epigrams and enigmas : from Regiomontanus' acrostic for Cardinal Bessarion to Piero della Francesca's Flagellation of Christ
Further Greek epigrams : epigrams before A. D. 50 from the Greek anthology and other sources, not included in Hellenistic epigrams or the Garland of Philip
Writing epigrams : the art of composition in Catullus, Callimachus and Martial
Genre in Hellenistic poetry
Martial, book VII : a commentary
The epigrams ascribed to Theocritus : a method of approach
Greek epigram in reception : J.A. Symonds, Oscar Wilde, and the invention of desire, 1805-1929
The Greek anthology. 1, Hellenistic epigrams, vol. 1-2
Fourth-century Attic grave epigrams reflect a transitional phase in the evolution of the genre of epigram. They testify to a shift of interest towards social issues such as the family, the deceased's age and profession. In a turbulent period of restlessness and uncertainty that followed the devastating Peloponnesian war, the commemoration of the departed in private monuments became an effective mechanism of displaying publicly a new set of social concerns. It is within these contexts that special emphasis has been put on the composition of sepulchral epigrams, their gradual autonomization and sophistication. This book explores this decisive phase in the evolution of the epigram by reconstructing as many ancient contexts as possible on the one hand, and studying sepulchral epigrams as a poetic art on the other.
Ad itum liberum : essays in honour of Anne Helttula
Archaic and classical Greek epigram
Greek epigram in the Roman Empire : Martial's forgotten rivals
Inscribing sorrow : fourth-century Attic funerary epigrams
With contributions written by leading experts in the field, this volume explores the dialogue between Archaic and Classical Greek epigrams and their readers. The authors examine questions surrounding the identity of the speakers and the addressees. They also discuss the spatial, religious, historical and political contexts of epigram, as well as aspects of intertextuality, poetic variation and the creation of epigrammatic sub-genres. Collectively the volume demonstrates that the dominant view of epigram as a genre that became literary and artistic only in the Hellenistic period has to be revised. Archaic and Classical Greek epigrams did not simply serve the objects they describe but also demonstrate a high degree of aesthetic and literary achievement. This volume breaks new ground in the study of the genre and is important for scholars of classics, archaeology, epigraphy and papyrology.
The epigrams of Sir John Harington
