http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14396 humanity (societal properties)
humanity (societal properties)
Being and having : an existentialist diary
The Peace and Security Council of the African Union : its relationship with the United Nations, the African Union and sub-regional mechanisms
Remember who you are : remember 'where' you are and where you 'come' from : remember
Sixteen-year-old Tyri wants to be a musician and wants to be with someone who won't belittle her musical aspirations.  Q-I-99 aka 'Quinn' lives in a scrap metal sanctuary with other rogue droids. While some use violence to make their voices heard, demanding equal rights for AI enhanced robots, Quinn just wants a moment on stage with his violin to show the humans that androids like him have more to offer than their processing power.  Tyri and Quinn's worlds collide when they're accepted by the Baldur Junior Philharmonic Orchestra. As the rift between robots and humans deepens, Tyri and Quinn's love of music brings them closer together, making Tyri question where her loyalties lie and Quinn question his place in the world. With the city on the brink of civil war, Tyri and Quinn make a shocking discovery that turns their world inside out. Will their passion for music be enough to hold them together while everything else crumbles down around them, or will the truth of who they are tear them apart?
The war for survival of the planet Lusitania will be fought in the hearts of a child named Gloriously Bright.  On Lusitania, Ender found a world where humans and pequininos and the Hive Queen could all live together; where three very different intelligent species could find common ground at last. Or so he thought.  Lusitania also harbors the descolada, a virus that kills all humans it infects, but which the pequininos require in order to become adults. The Starways Congress so fears the effects of the descolada, should it escape from Lusitania, that they have ordered the destruction of the entire planet, and all who live there. The Fleet is on its way, and a second xenocide seems inevitable.
The last illusion
Cosmic liturgy : the universe according to Maximus the Confessor
The natural and the social : uncertainity, risk, change
Chobits. 3
The idea of humanity in a global era
A deepness in the sky
We have never been only human : Foucault and Latour on the question of the anthropos
The great divide : history and human nature in the old world and the new
The task of understanding human beings, what we ourselves are, our constitution and condition, is a perennial problem in philosophy and related disciplines. Smith argues here that our understanding of human persons is threatened by technological development and capricious academic theories alike, seeking to deny or relativize the personhood of humanity. Smith's book puts a stake in the ground, in defense of a view of the human that is genuinely humanistic in the traditional sense and capable of sustaining with intellectual coherence things like modern human rights and universal benevolence.
Human in the main role / Virve Sutinen
The limits of thought : discussions
The challenge of change : A biographical film of J. Krishnamurti
Quest : the essence of humanity
Epistemic dimensions of personhood
Becoming Wise : An Inquiry into the Mystery and Art of Living
The concept of God, the origin of the world, and the image of the human in the world religions
Ode to Kirihito. Part one
Arguing about human nature : contemporary debates
The heart of a dog
Western spectacle of governance and the emergence of humanitarian world politics
Straw dogs : thoughts on humans and other animals
Torn
The power and the glory
The Call of Humanity : New Series of "The International", founded in 1907 by Dr R. Broda
Fragments of humanity : [the open : man and animal] / Ville Lähde
In the early 21st century, the advances of science, followed by technology, have been very impressive and opened up hither to unthought-of prospects in every domain. Scientific Previsionists believe it will lay the foundation for deep changes in the human being. This is in no way a matter of science fiction but rather rational and foreseeable extrapolations of many recent results in various scientific fields. Will Man become a mutating GMO, a humanoid robot, a hybrid of both? Will his life be extended much longer or even indefinitely? Will he reproduce in vitro in the near future? These are questions we should begin to ask now, for our children will likely experience these changes, but our grandchildren will live in a quite different world.
Cloud atlas
Lovefuries : the contracting sea : the hanging judge : bite or Suck
Foundations of morality : an investigation into the origin and purpose of moral concepts
Eloborating on ubuntu in a Johannesburg inner-city church
The evolution of Bruno Littlemore
Make way for the superhumans : How the science of bio enhancement is transforming our world, and how we need to deal with it
The Zahir : a novel of obsession
Maailman ihanin tyttö = The loveliest girl in the world
Innocence (with bonus short story Wilderness) : a novel
The face of God : the Gifford lectures 2010
Blood rites : the origins and history of the passions of war
What it means to be human : reflections from 1791 to the present
Dear life
The girl with all the gifts
In defense of the soul : what it means to be human
The mystery of being human : God, freedom and the NHS
Selected political writings
"What is the meaning of human suffering for society? How has this meaning changed from the past to the present? In what ways does "the problem of suffering" serve to inspire us to act with care for others? How does our response to suffering reveal the moral state of our humanity and our social condition? In this trenchant work, Arthur Kleinman--a renowned figure in medical anthropology--and Iain Wilkinson, an award-winning sociologist, team up to offer some answers to these profound questions. A Passion for Society investigates the historical development and current condition of social science with a focus on how this development has been shaped in response to problems of social suffering. Following a line of criticism offered by key social theorists and cultural commentators who themselves were unhappy with the professionalization of social science, Wilkinson and Kleinman provide a critical commentary on how studies of human social life have moved from an original concern with social suffering and its amelioration to dispassionate inquiries. The authors demonstrate how social care is revitalizing and remaking the discipline of social science, and they examine the potential for achieving social understanding though a moral commitment to the practice of care. In this deeply considered work, Wilkinson and Kleinman argue for an engaged social science that connects critical thought with social action, that seeks to learn through caregiving, and that operates with a commitment to establish and sustain humane forms of society"--Provided by publisher.
Slow bullets
Hell's ditch
Beyond freedom and dignity
Philosophy bites back
The gap : the science of what separates us from other animals
The final book in Mira Grant's terrifying Parasitology trilogy. The outbreak has spread, tearing apart the foundations of society, as implanted tapeworms have turned their human hosts into a seemingly mindless mob. Sal and her family are trapped between bad and worse, and must find a way to compromise between the two sides of their nature before the battle becomes large enough to destroy humanity, and everything that humanity has built...including the chimera. The broken doors are closing. Can Sal make it home?
Mechanical
Becoming human : new perspectives on the inhuman condition
What is a person? : rethinking humanity, social life, and the moral good from the person up
The other's war : recognition and the violence of ethics
Man alone with himself
Chobits. 2
Chobits. 4
Cosmopolitanism : ethics in a world of strangers
Creative Mind
Beast and man : the roots of human nature
Sharing and not sharing with others : (a discussion on morality and meaning in language)
Language for God in patristic tradition : wrestling with biblical anthropomorphism
The Zahir
Between man and man
A passion for society : how we think about human suffering
I Heart Robot
Is man to survive science?
You must change your life : on anthropotechnics
They've died for the companies more times than they can remember. Now they must fight to live for themselves. Sentient machines work, fight and die in interstellar exploration and conflict for the benefit of their owners--the competing mining corporations of Earth. But sent over hundreds of light-years, commands are late to arrive and often hard to enforce. The machines must make their own decisions, and make them stick. With this new found autonomy comes new questions about their masters. The robots want answers. The companies would rather see them dead.
How to make a human being : a body of evidence
The hidden pleasures of life : a new way of remembering the past and imagining the future
Beast
Robots and empire
Calvin's doctrine of man
Bloodlands : Europe between Hitler and Stalin
Dignity and human rights : the implementation of economic, social and cultural rights
Life of Pi
The origin of our species
Dimensions of personhood
Victim organisations and the politics of reparation : a case study on Rwanda
Rethinking the human
The future of God : a practical approach to spirituality for our times
Afterlight
The starting point for this book is a particular answer to a question that grips many of us: what kind of thing are we? The particular answer is that we are animals (of a certain sort)--a view nowadays called "animalism." This answer will appear obvious to many but on the whole philosophers have rejected it. Paul F. Snowdon proposes, contrary to that attitude, that there are strong reasons to believe animalism and that when properly analysed the objections against it that philosophers have given are not convincing. One way to put the idea is that we should not think of ourselves as things that need psychological states or capacities to exist, any more that other animals do. The initial chapters analyse the content and general philosophical implications of animalism--including the so-called problem of personal identity, and that of the unity of consciousness--and they provide a framework which categorises the standard philosophical objections. Snowdon then argues that animalism is consistent with a perfectly plausible account of the central notion of a "person," and he criticises the accounts offered by John Locke and by David Wiggins of that notion. In the two next chapters Snowdon argues that there are very strong reasons to think animalism is true, and proposes some central claims about animal which are relevant to the argument. In the rest of the book the task is to formulate and to persuade the reader of the lack of cogency of the standard philosophical objections, including the conviction that it is possible for the animal that I would be if animalism were true to continue in existence after I have ceased to exist, and the argument that it is possible for us to remain in existence even when the animal has ceased to exist. In considering these types of objections the views of various philosophers, including Nagel, Shoemaker, Johnston, Wilkes, and Olson, are also explored. Snowdon concludes that animalism represents a highly commonsensical and defensible way of thinking about ourselves, and that its rejection by philosophers rests on the tendency when doing philosophy to mistake fantasy for reality.
The virtues of the table : how to eat and think
Every man in this village is a liar : an education in war
The zone of interest
Forces by which we live : religion and religious experience from the perspective of a pragmatic philosophical anthropology
Dear life : stories
Why humans like to cry : tragedy, evolution, and the brain
Christology : a biblical, historical, and systematic study of Jesus
iD : the second machine dynasty
This text is a collection of recent research in the philosophy of human nature. It includes research in anthropology, philosophy of mind, cognitive science, and other areas where there are fertile discussions about human nature. Thirty-five essays--several of them appearing here for the first time in print--were carefully selected to offer competing perspectives on 12 different topics related to human nature. The context and main threads of the debates are highlighted and explained by the editors in a short introduction to each of the 12 topics. Authors include Louise Anthony, Patrick Bateson, David Buller, John Dupre, Paul Griffiths, Sally Haslanger, Richard Lewontin, Ron Mallon, and E.O. Wilson. Contributors Rachel Cooper, Nancy Holmstrom, Kim Sterelny, and Elizabeth Cashdan provide brand new chapters in these debates. Suggested Reading lists offer curious readers new resources for exploring these debates further.
Ode to Kirihito. Part two
Love, dishonor, marry, die, cherish, perish : a novel
Life of Pi : a novel
Mencius, Hume and the foundations of ethics
Chobits. Vol. 1 of 8
Becoming human : meditations on Christian anthropology in word and image
Worse than war : genocide, eliminationism and the ongoing assault on humanity
What makes us human?
Luthor
Save the humans!
Persons, animals, ourselves
The courage to be
Vn : the first machine dynasty
Conundrums of humanity : the quest for global justice
Make way for the superhumans : how the science of bio enhancement is transforming our world, and how we need to deal with it
The cat, the coat, the truth, etc
Understanding organizational leadership through Ubuntu
The zahir : a novel of Obsession
The rapture of the nerds
The indeterminacy of the human of biopower : competing problematics of human security / Suvi Alt.
Ishmael : an adventure of the mind and spirit : a novel
The good book : a secular Bible
Reality, spirituality and modern man
Framing cosmologies : the anthropology of worlds
Reinventing the body, resurrecting the soul : how to create a new self
Crimes committed by totalitarian regimes : crimes and other gross an large scale human rights violations committed during the reign of totalitarian regimes in Europe : cross-national survey of crimes committed and of their remembrance, recognition, redress, and reconciliation : reports and proceedings of the 8 April European hearing on "Crimes committed by totalitarian regimes", organised by the Slovenian Presidency of the Council of the European Union (January-June 2008) and the European Commission
vN : the first machine dynasty
Chimera
Sp4rx
Only the animals
Subjectivity and transcendence
The human rights handbook : a global perspective for education
The emotional life of your brain : how its unique patterns affect the way you think, feel and live : and how you can change them
The flicker men
The future of humanity : conversations with Dr. David Bohm
A continuum, not a divide : The relationship between representations of nonhuman animals and prejudice towards immigrants
In his major investigation into the nature of humans, Peter Sloterdijk presents a critique of myth - the myth of the return of religion. For it is not religion that is returning; rather, there is something else quite profound that is taking on increasing significance in the present: the human as a practising, training being, one that creates itself through exercises and thereby transcends itself. Rainer Maria Rilke formulated the drive towards such self-training in the early twentieth century in the imperative 'You must change your life'. In his major investigation into the nature of humans, Peter Sloterdijk presents a critique of myth - the myth of the return of religion. For it is not religion that is returning; rather, there is something else quite profound that is taking on increasing significance in the present: the human as a practising, training being, one that creates itself through exercises and thereby transcends itself. Rainer Maria Rilke formulated the drive towards such self-training in the early twentieth century in the imperative 'You must change your life'. In making his case for the expansion of the practice zone for individuals and for society as a whole, Sloterdijk develops a fundamental and fundamentally new anthropology. The core of his science of the human being is an insight into the self-formation of all things human. The activity of both individuals and collectives constantly comes back to affect them: work affects the worker, communication the communicator, feelings the feeler. It is those humans who engage expressly in practice that embody this mode of existence most clearly: farmers, workers, warriors, writers, yogis, rhetoricians, musicians or models. By examining their training plans and peak performances, this book offers a panorama of exercises that are necessary to be, and remain, a human being. -- Review: "Breathtaking ... A superb and wide-ranging analysis of those moderns who have refused to be pampered or to dwell in capitalist decadence." The Guardian "Make(s) it possible to begin to come to grips with Sloterdijk as a stirring and eclectic thinker, who addresses himself boldly to the most important problems of our age." New Republic "A tour de force that engages the history of philosophy, religion, and thought, both Western and Eastern, in ways that make you think deeply about the evolution of the human being these past few thousand years." Los Angeles Review of Books "Sloterdijk is both seriously learned and brilliantly creative, and he has a talent for wit. He deserves shelf-space alongside Nietzsche, Heidegger and Foucault." New Humanist "Sloterdijk has constructed in this beautiful text a supreme heterotopology - a place from which to think and see differently." Eduardo Mendieta, Stony Brook University "A challenging, powerful, and at times frustrating read. Sloterdijk ranges widely across literatures and topics, inspiring and provoking in equal measure. He is fortunate to have Wieland Hoban as his excellent translator. A very good antidote to the chicken-soup banalities of other life-changing philosophy." Stuart Elden, Durham University "Challenging the pious and self-righteous alarm of those who have declared war on the return to religion, Sloterdijk in his typically original irreverence argues that we cannot see today s religiosity as any sort of return. What is really at stake is the formation of the self through practices. Charting a path beyond liberal critiques of religion and post-secular pseudo-returns to spirit, Sloterdijk provides a genuinely twenty-first century approach to the problem of life-formation. This book opens up new ways of thinking about life after humanism without lapsing into the simple affirmations of the post-human." Claire Colebrook, Penn State University "Peter Sloterdijk has assembled in this book the most amazing series of practices invented in history to hold humans souls suspended to a virtual hook slightly above their head. The result is a totally original analysis of religion by the most important philosopher or rather educator of today." Bruno Latour, Ecole des mines, Paris
The windup girl
Happy are the happy
Eclipse of man : human extinction and the meaning of progress
Chobits. 5
Gregory of Nyssa
We are all completely beside ourselves
Global intellectual history
The humans
The dream never changes: a moonless, starless night without end. The road she walks is black, bordered with round, white pebbles or nubs of polished bone; she can't tell which but they're the only white in the darkness, marking her way through the night. In dreams and nightmares, Helen walks the Black Road. It leads her back from the grave, back from madness, back towards the man who caused the deaths of her family: Tereus Winterborn, Regional Commander for the Reapers, who rule the ruins of a devastated Britain. On her journey, she gathers her allies: her old mentor Darrow, the cocky young fighter Danny, emotionally-scarred intelligence officer Alannah and Gevaudan Shoal, last of the genetically-engineered Grendelwolves. Winterborn will stop at nothing to become the Reapers' Supreme Commander; more than anything he seeks the advantage that will help him achieve that goal. And in the experiments of the obsessed scientist Dr Mordake, he thinks he has found it. To Winterborn, Project Tindalos is a means to ultimate power; to Mordake, it's a means to roll back the devastation of the War and restore his beloved wife to the living. But neither Winterborn nor Mordake understand the true nature of the forces they are about to unleash. Forces that threaten to destroy everything that survived the War, unless Helen and her allies can find and stop Project Tindalos in time.
