http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14392 steel industry
steel industry
European coal and steel community : redeployment aid for workers
Trade and structural adjustment : embracing globalisation
Precision steel tube handbook : compilation of training material for bending, welding and coating
As a result, a table of steel plant’s analyzers was produced in the thesis. The table will be documented and attached to the analyzers maintenance works, in order for maintenance and investment services to utilize it. Critical review of analyzers reveals for example the use of the analyzer, criticality, spare equipment and spare parts situation. Investment of new peak gas analyzer system is a clear justification, as set out in the thesis. As a means of improving condition monitoring introduces filling of calibration certificates in calibration context. At the same time improves the analyzers maintenance manuals in Arttu system. In addition, e-mail transmission of blast furnaces analyzer alarms was introduced in the thesis. Action is proposed that instead of concentrating analyzers maintenance to workshop, improves the plant's internal networking.
Training in the iron and steel industry : vocational training, retraining and skill development in the iron and steel industry, and the role of governments, employers' and workers' organisations
Business, politics, and international relations : steel, cotton, and international cartels in British politics, 1924-1939
Report on the steel plate sector
Converting gas and waste water treatment by OG-system in steel smelting industry
Improving Walking beam furnace 1 reporting
Tale of a family in Shougang
Modelling and analysing production planning and control in steel supply chain
The steel industry. Vol. 1, The iron era: pre-1870
Exposure to chromium and its long-term health effects in stainless steel production
50 years of the ECSC treaty coal and steel statistics : data 1952-2000
Investment in the Community coalmining and iron and steel industries : report on the... survey
Ovako info : the Ovako Group in-house magazin
The rise of the Demidov family and the Russian iron industry in the eighteenth century
The recuperation and economic utilization of by-products of the iron and steel industry
Steel product quality and maximum utilization of scrap
Framework for analysing and developing information integration [Elektroninen aineisto]  : a study on steel industry maintenance service supply chain
Industrial business relationships in collaborative product development when utilizing digital channels : Case Ruukki
Die Investitionen in den Kohle- und Stahlindustrien der Gemeinschaft : Bericht über die Erhebung 1987, Stichtag 1. Januar 1987 = Investment in the Community coalmining and iron and steel industries : report on the 1987 survey, position as at 1 January 1987 = Les investissements dans les industries du charbon et de l'acier de la Communauté : rapport sur l'enquete 1987, situation au 1er janvier 1987
Toward the automatic factory : a case study of men and machines
The making of the state enterprise system in modern China : the dynamics of institutional change
Alexander Holley and the makers of steel
Investment in the Community coalmining and iron and steel industries
Die Investitionen in den Kohle- und Stahlindustrien der Gemeinschaft : Bericht über die Erhebung 1989, Stichtag 1. Januar 1989 = Investment in the Community coalmining and iron and steel industries : report on the 1989 survey, position as at 1 January 1989 = Les investissements dans les industries du charbon et de l'acier de la Communauté : rapport sur l'enquete 1989, situation au 1er janvier 1989
Steels : processing, structure, and performance
Review of studies carried out in the producer countries on the forecast consumption of the alloying elements Ni, Cr, Mo, V, W and Co for special steel production in the years 1980 and 1985.
"Tundtemp" : an advisory tool for the continuous steel casting process
Developments in steelmaking capacity of non-OECD countries
Production planning performance : analyzing delays and accuracy in stainless steel industry
Industrial policy coordination in international organizations : the case of steel policy in the OECD and EEC
The role of branding in the corporate strategy : case Outokumpu
Uneven year for the Finnish steel and base metals industry
The role of external technical exchange in R & D : an empirical study of the Swedish special steel industry
Evolving logistic roles of steel distributors
Iron and steel scrap : its significance and influence on further developments in the iron and steel industries
Competitive advantage of Finnish steel industry
The attitudes of steelworkers to technical change
The steel industry. Vol. 4, Politics and the steel industry: post-1950
Outsourced High-strength Steel Purchasing
Industry on the move : causes and consequences of international relocation in the manufacturing industry
The steel market in ..
Heat recycling from hot stove waste gas
DB surface inspection using machine vision
The steel industry. Vol. 3, Steel in the era of the World Wars: 1914-1950
Manufacturing possibilities : creative action and industrial recomposition in the United States, Germany, and Japan
Steel is here to stay : Raahe Steel Works environmental statement 1996.
Strategy for energy use in the iron and steel industry
Die Investitionen in den Kohle- und Stahlindustrien der Gemeinshaft : Bericht über die Erhebung 1997 = Investment in the Community coalmining and iron and steel industries: report on the 1997 survey = Les investissements dans les industries du charbon et de l'acier de la Communauté: rapport sur l'enquete 1997
The global restructiong of the steel industry : innovations, institutions and industrial change
Krupp : a history of the legendary German firm
Work, race, and the emergence of radical right corporatism in imperial Germany
Proceedings
Forging reform in China : the fate of state-owned industry
Batchix revisited
Outokumpu Stainless Corrosion handbook
Executive summary  (s. 13-22).
Steeltown U.S.A : work and memory in Youngstown
Die Investitionen in den Kohle- und Stahlindustrien der Gemeinschaft : Bericht über die Erhebung 1990, Stichtag 1. Januar 1990 = Investment in the Community coalmining and iron and steel industries : report on the 1990 survey, position as at 1 January 1990 = Les investissements dans les industries du charbon et de l'acier de la Communauté : rapport sur l'enquete 1990, situation au 1er janvier 1990
Ultrastructure of biofilms formed by bacteria from industrial processes
AISE steel technology
Steels and materials for power plants
Productivity and structural change in the Finnish iron foundry industry in 1978-1985
Steelmaking capacity in non-OECD countries
Steel serves the nation 1901-1951 : the fifty year story of United States Steel
Skylight : personnel magazine of the Steel Structure Division
Enhancing customer experience in the construction industry : a case study for Rautaruukki
The international steel cartel
A steel company entering the market area of St. Petersburg
Continuous casting of steel : 1984-1989 = Teräksen jatkuvavalu : 1984-1989
Expansion projects of the Middle East iron and steel industry : an update: mid 1998
Occupational profiles in the European steel industry
This thesis is conducted for Outokumpu Oyj. Outokumpu is among the companies that have recognized the possibilities of branding in the business and industrial markets. The topic for the research derived from the complex situation in the corporation: Outokumpu's future strategic aspiration was announced in August 2004 and the new organizational structure of the Group became effective on April 2005. However, the Outokumpu brand –related elements were not considered in these strategic changes. The purpose of this study is to determine the role of branding in Outokumpu's corporate strategy. The objectives of the report are to explore the present situation at Outokumpu related to both themes: find out whether there are elements to create a viable corporate strategy and corporate brand, define how the corporate strategy is implemented in the various functions of the corporation, and identify the brand's influence on the corporate strategy and day-to-day activities. The scope of the research is on the development of the resources and core competencies of an organization from the strategy viewpoint and integration of the brand and branding into this strategic process. The research was carried out in Spring 2005 by using qualitative research methods. The primary data were collected through in-depth semi-structured interviews of a number of key persons in the Outokumpu Group and by benchmarking three selected peer companies of Outokumpu. The results of the research reveal that the elements for establishing the viable corporate strategy as well as the brand are missing at Outokumpu. The negative attitude towards branding-related issues hinders the brand orientation in the Group. The corporate brand should be valued as a strategic resource of the company and branding should have a role in the strategy formulation.
Iron and steel : Monthly
Die Investitionen in den Kohle- und Stahlindustrien der Gemeinschaft : Bericht über die Erhebung 1986, Stichtag 1. Januar 1986 = Investment in the Community coalmining and iron and steel industries : report on the 1986 survey, position as at 1 January 1986 = Les investissements dans les industries du charbon et de l'acier de la Communauté : rapport sur l'enquete 1987, situation au 1er janvier 1986
Manufacturing, mechanical properties and corrosion behaviour of high-Mn TWIP steels  Atef Saad Hamada
No cost and low cost energy saving measures for the steel industry
O'mag : a magazine for Outokumpu employees
Aluminium, copper and steel in developing countries
The iron and steel industries of the south
Die Investitionen in den Kohle- und Stahlindustrien der Gemeinschaft : Bericht über die Erhebung 1985, Stichtag 1. Januar 1985 = Investment in the Community coalmining and iron and steel industries : report on the 1985 survey, position as at 1 January 1985 = Les investissements dans les industries du charbon et de l'acier de la Communauté : rapport sur l'enquete 1985, situation au 1er janvier 1985
Die Investitionen in den Kohle- und Stahlindustrien der Gemeinshaft : Bericht über die Erhebung 1993 = Investment in the Community coalmining and iron and steel industries: report on the 1993 survey
Alkaline leaching of iron and steelmaking dust
Stala team : Stala oy customer newsletter
Outsourced high-strength steel purchasing
Enduring values : Hackman 1790-1990
An agile supply chain for a project-oriented steel product network
Corporate responses to EU emissions trading : resistance, innovation or responsibility?
Advanced high strength sheet steels : physical metallurgy, design, processing, and properties
Emission baselines : estimating the unknown
The steel industry 1939-1959 : a study in competition and planning
Iron and steel : Quarterly statistics
Second International Symposium on Modeling in the Iron and Steel Industry, Toronto Meeting, April 5-8, 1992.
Die Investitionen in den Kohle- und Stahlindustrien der Gemeinshaft : Bericht über die Erhebung 1994 = Investment in the Community coalmining and iron and steel industries: report on the 1994 survey = Les investissements dans les industries du charbon et de l'acier de la Communauté: rapport sur l'enquête 1994
Business, banking and politics : the case of British steel, 1918-1939
Steel and the presidency, 1962
Optimization of steel mill production
Wives of steel : voices of women from the Sparrows Point steelmaking communities
The industrial revolution in iron : the impact of British coal technology in nineteenth-century Europe
Low-waste and non-waste technology in the iron and steel industry
Iron and steel industry
Aim of this thesis was to investigate the Ruukki Raahe steel plant’s installed base of continuously operated process analyzers, make a critical analysis and identify opportunities to improve condition monitoring. In addition, there was a need to regard operation and investment of the peak gas analyzer, as well as find out whether the maintenance of analyzers transfer to responsibility of centralized maintenance makes sense. The thesis was commissioned by electrical department of Ruukki workshop. The analyzers installed base and relevant information was sorted out by interviewing specialists and equipment suppliers and searching information on Arttu and Alma systems. The criticality of analyzers was defined as in case failure and operation by interviewing different professionals at the plant. Opportunities to improve condition monitoring were clarified as it stands and in the future. Opportunities and challenges of analyzers maintenance concentration was surveyed at the maintenance point of view.
The steel industry. Vol. 2, The coming of mass steel production 1870-1914
Factors influencing crystallisation from mixed acid pickling baths for stainless steel
Die Investitionen in den Kohle- und Stahlindustrien der Gemeinshaft : Bericht über die Erhebung 1995 = Investment in the Community coalmining and iron and steel industries: report on the 1995 survey = Les investissements dans les industries du charbon et de l'acier de la Communauté: rapport sur l'enquete 1995
Techno-economic evaluation of significant CO2 emission reductions in the iron and steel industry with CCS
Steel industry and the environment : technical and management issues
Improving competitiveness in production by integrating transformational leadership with human resource strategy : case study: WISCO
Derwentcote steel furnace : an industrial monument in County Durham
Another aspect of Japanese business culture : the tripartite relationships between the government, mainstream enterprises and 'Mavericks' in the Japanese steel industry
Networking steel product industry : foundations for developing shared supplier network
Business relationship digitalization : a case study from the steel processing industry
World steel in figures 1995
Evolution of the specific consumption of steel
Qualified for quality : study of the vocational trainig requirements in the European iron and steel industry : selected contributions
Restructuring of the iron and steel industry : impact of new technologies
Industrial development in postwar Japan
Concise iron & steel dictionary : Swedish-english english-swedish
The Data - and Telecom at AvestaPolarit Tornio site
Transnational marriages in the steel industry : experience and lessons for global business
Die Investitionen in den Kohle- und Stahlindustrien der Gemeinschaft : Bericht über die Erhebung 1988, Stichtag 1. Januar 1988 = Investment in the Community coalmining and iron and steel industries : report on the 1988 survey, position as at 1 January 1988 = Les investissements dans les industries du charbon et de l'acier de la Communauté : rapport sur l'enquete 1988, situation au 1er janvier 1988
Iron and steel : Supplement : Monthly
Ironmaking and steelmaking : theory and practice
The steel industry in post war Britain
Possibilities to improve customer service in a steel business : case Schmolz+Bickenbach Oy
Die Investitionen in den Kohle- und Stahlindustrien der Gemeinshaft : Bericht über die Erhebung 1992 = Investment in the Community coalmining and iron and steel industries
Recent developments in the iron and steel industry : Iron and Steel Committee, twelfth session, Geneva, 1992.
Assessing potential forest and steel inter-industry residue utilisation by sequential chemical extraction
The economic history of steelmaking 1867-1939 : a study in competition
Steelworkers in America; the nonunion era
Simplified design of steel structures
Utilization of iron- and steelmaking slags : an overview
Getting by in hard times : gendered labour at home and on the job
