http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14399 conversion
conversion
Industrial design : reference + specification book : all the details industrial designers need to know but can never find
Press forming of paperboard : advancement of converting tools and process control
Conversion in Russian defence industry
Conversion of flat files and hierarchical data bases
Understanding religious conversion
A LEAN process approach for 4-stroke gas conversion projects
Nowadays dealing with data is a daily routine for both individuals and organizations, where this data is stored in all kind of formats. By the increase of the data size day after day, it is more and more complicated for IT staff to deal with the reporting challenges that appear when people want to create reports based on the data, All this causes the increase of time consuming and costs. Reports are used mainly for getting useful information from a stored data, and to do so there are a wide variety of reporting tools provided by many IT companies. Oracle stays the leader on the world market, because it provides the most complete, open, and integrated business software and hardware systems for its customers. One of the well-known reporting tools provided by Oracle is Oracle Reports, which enables businesses to provide instant access to information to all levels in a scalable and secure environment, yet facing new reporting challenges such as diverse requirements, complex infrastructure, maintenance's, more and more Oracle reports users are moving to a new reporting tool namely Oracle BI Publisher.  The purpose of this thesis is to convert several Oracle Reports to BI publisher for Dianti Oy as a first part of the task, starting with the conversion of the reports from RDF format to XML format. Here two converting methods were used, to create a data template based on the XML report. The third stage was creating an RTF template for the converted report by using Oracle Template Builder. The second part of the thesis deal in creating BI Publisher reports based on the converted RDF reports and the different report formats' output that can be published by extracting data just one time. Working on this task was a major challenge during its process, but as a result the objectives of the project were achieved by converting Oracle report to the new environment. This is added value for the client where the results will be used as a base to do further report converting.
Development of 3D template database for PDMS
Creating TACT databases from XML encoded material using SGML2TDB
Making peace pay : a bibliography on disarmament and conversion
A/B Testing in Improving Conversion on a Website : Case: Sanoma Entertainment Oy
LNG conversions : development of a cost calculation tool for LNG conversions
The year 2000 problem solver : a five-step disaster prevention plan
The economics of defence, disarmament and peace : an annotated bibliography
Re-engineering legacy software through language conversion
A Data Conversion Program for μShapeTM Binary File
Datum conversions and world magnetic model functions
Papermaking science and technology. Book 7, Recycled fiber and deinking
Different approaches to the estimation of economic conversion factors to be used in project appraisal / historical evolution and prospects / by Juan Alario
Fantastic transmedia : narrative, play and memory across science fiction and fantasy storyworlds
Security system conversion on a mainframe
Conversion of armaments industry essential
Power sources and supplies : world class designs
Conversion : business opportunities in the field of military-industrial technology in the Commonwealth of Independent States (CIS)
A psychological study of religious conversion
Net in pocket? : personal mobile access to web services
Converts & conversion to Judaism
Approach to document structure transformations
Papermaking science and technology. Book 11, Pigment coating and surface sizing of paper
Proceedings of a symposium on the post-Soviet military-industrial complex : Stockholm, October 20, 1993
Converting Oracle reports to BI Publisher process and results
Papermaking science and technology. Book 20, Biorefining of forest resources
Power-switching converters : medium and high power
The anatomy of Russian defense conversion
Conversion Of An Ordinary Car To Fuel-cell Vehicle
Mission and conversion : proselytizing in the religious history of the Roman Empire
Data harmonization and conversion handbook
