http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14300 storycrafting method
storycrafting method
"An educator's manual for teachers, leaders and students of oral storytelling arts developed by a Ph.D. professor who has worked extensively with all ages k-16"--
Playing with stories : story crafting for storytellers, writers, teachers and other imaginative thinkers
Childrens stories and tales from Swaziland and Finland
Unsupervised discovery of morphs in children's stories and their use in self-organizing map -based analysis
Therapeutic communication with children : The mutual storytelling technique
Read it to me now ! : learning at home and at school
To construct a bridge of sharing between child and adult culture with the Storycrafting method
Speaking out : storytelling and creative drama for children
Arts contact points between cultures : 1st International Journal of Intercultural Arts Education Conference : post-conference book
Creative storytelling : building community, changing lives
"It has not been easy to value play. Mainstream culture urges us to rush and finish what we are working on to quickly advance to the next task at hand. Too often we must punch our time clock forward without much consideration. As the minutes and hours move, we indirectly communicate both to ourselves and the world no time remains to play; we must work. Despite that the world around me does not value play, in my creative life, play is necessary. In fact, I have discovered it is the real work I do as an artist and teacher. As a storyteller, writer, teacher, and imaginative thinker, it is play that has produced the most desired results in my life, in my work, and especially, in my creativity. It is in play that we experience who we are and we begin to extend our choices. Play is not consciously prepared; discovery that happens in the moment. It invites reflection. In fact, Plato once shared, "You can discover more about a person in an hour of play than in a year of conversation." In this book, you will discover new ways to work with your story craft and find new story direction using play. Indeed, play is a meaningful way to create and learn. In both childhood and adult play, the imagination plays a central role in the meaning making process. Although there are many types of play: school-based, recess, sports, this work is rooted in play inviting the writer, storyteller, or imaginative thinker to make choices as they work to create meaning in their work. I will share how collaborative play can increase your choices when making a story. You will find not only exercises to build your story making and telling skills, but pedagogy of practice to use when called to create story. "--
Jumpstart! Storymaking : games and activities for ages 7-12
Narratives of childhood : [theoretical and practical explorations for the innovation of early childhood education]
