http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1434 spirit (philosophical concepts)
spirit (philosophical concepts)
The para/klhtoj in the Gospel of John
The fivefold ministry and the church
History & truth in Hegel's Phenomenology
Happy is the new healthy : 31 Ways to relax, let go, and enjoy life NOW!
Cultivating the human capital of the Central Baltic Sea region : policy recommendation : expat-project
Psychological resources, their social antecedents, and association with well-being and health behaviour in early adulthood
Knowledge management practices at small and medium sized Oulu region enterprises
India and the knowledge economy : leveraging strengths and opportunities
Encyclical letter Dominum et Vivificantem of the Supreme Pontiff John Paul II on the Holy Spirit in the life of the Church and the World
Miracles now : 108 life-changing tools for less stress, more flow, and finding your true purpose
Mindfulness for dummies
Shakti mantras : Tapping into the Great Goddess Energy Within
Sisters of blood and spirit
Cham, the truth : all the facts and raison d'être
The structure of mind
Filled with the Spirit
The Holy Spirit : a guide to christian theology
The God of Jesus Christ : meditations on the Triune God
Izzy Stone struggles to solve the mysteries surrounding her mentally ill mother and discover a place to truly call home.
The wisdom of the overself
Antecedents and consequences of long-term unemployment
Coming to our senses : body and spirit in the hidden history of the West
Holy Spirit and salvation : the sources of Christian theology
Daylight saving
Towards a sustainable well-being society : building blocks for a new socio-economic model
An economic perspective on crime, its costs, crime fighting and rehabilitation efforts
Three dialogues between Hylas and Philonous
The Christ and the Spirit : collected essays. Vol. 2, Pneumatology
Gender differences in usage and user experience of Oiva App
Karl Barth's theology of the Holy Spirit
The subtle art of not giving a f*ck : A Counterintuitive Approach to Living a Good Life
Diseases of the imagination and imaginary disease in the early modern period
The Filioque
The Holy Spirit-- in biblical teaching, through the centuries, and today
The 7 habits of highly effective people
ADHD does not exist : the truth about attention deficit and hyperactivity disorder
The Holy Spirit in the world : a global conversation
The Holy Spirit : classic and contemporary readings
Tragedy, recognition, and the death of God : studies in Hegel and Nietzsche
Perceived motivational climate, need satisfaction, motivational regulation, and well-being in elite hurlers
This book challenges the concept of wellbeing as applied to children, particularly in a school-based context. Taking a post-structural approach, it suggests that wellbeing should be understood, and experiences revealed, at the level of the subjective child. This runs counter to contemporary accounts that reduce children's wellbeing to objective lists of things that are needed in order to live well. This book will be useful for academics and practitioners working directly with children, and anyone interested in children's wellbeing.
Cosmology, ecology, and the energy of God
Believe, ask, act : divine steps to raise your intuition, create change, and discover happiness
Mind's own physician : a scientific dialogue with the Dalai Lama on the healing power of meditation
This original and instructive new book defines and explores the concept of knowledge as the talent, skills, know-how and understanding embodied in individuals. The distinguished contributors advance the current research frontier in three novel directions which focus on: the role of human capital and talent for creativity, entrepreneurship and regional development; the role of institutions for the behaviour of firms and entrepreneurs; and the influence of the global context on the location, export and innovation behaviour of firms in a knowledge economy. They also address critical questions that underpin the emerging knowledge economy: Why does human capital and talent tend to agglomerate in large urban regions? How does this agglomeration affect the location of different types of economic activities? How does this agglomeration affect regional growth? Presenting the state-of-the-art in the field of knowledge economics, this book will prove a stimulating and challenging read for scholars and researchers with an interest in economics, business and management, and regional and urban studies.
Pneumatology : the Holy Spirit in ecumenical, international, and contextual perspective
Economics of education
Psychology of physical activity : determinants, well-being, and interventions
Mind over medicine : scientific proof you can heal yourself
Human capital and incentives in the creation of inventions : a study of Finnish inventors
'The second part', chapters IV-XLI
The regional economics of knowledge and talent
The divine matrix : bridging time, space, miracles, and belief
Self-esteem for dummies
Hegel's Phenomenology. Part 1, Analysis and commentary
The Eucharistic epiclesis : a detailed history from the patristic to the modern era
Dammed divinities : the water powers at Bujagali Falls, Uganda
Moya : the Holy Spirit in an African context
Studies on the determinants of migration and the spatial concentration of labour
Resource-oriented assessment of work ability in psychiatry
The great approach  : new light and life for humanity
Health financing mechanisms, access to health and economic growth
Creating capabilities : the human development approach
More than matter? : what humans really are
The enneads
Overcome by the spirit : [the extraordinary phenomenon that is happening to ordinary people]
Using the power of humour
This discussion paper is an attempt to lay out a path toward a more sustainable society. It introduces several principles of sustainable well-being that meet the key sustainability challenges of advanced societies. Taken together, these principles form a vision of a sustainable well-being society.In addition, the paper analyzes the changing role of government in the transition towards sustainability. --Publisher's description.
I believe in the Holy Spirit
The Spirit in the Gospel and Acts : divine purity and power
What she left behind
Fragments of reality : daily entries of lived life
Archivist Wasp : a novel
The universe has your back : transform fear to faith
The Holy Spirit and mission : report of the CWME Orthodox Advisory Group, Holy Cross Orthodox School of Theology, Boston, June 17-24, 1990.
Berkeley's philosophy of spirit : consciousness, ontology and the elusive subject
The (de)construction of mythic ethnography I : is every þurs in verse a þurs?
Nepalese child labourers' life-contexts, cognitive skills and well-being
Family troubles? : exploring changes and challenges in the family lives of children and young people
Does military draft discourage enrollment in higher education? : evidence from OECD countries
Physical activity and mental health
The work of the Spirit : pneumatology and Pentecostalism
The key
Pneuma and realized eschatology in the Book of Wisdom
The Comforter
Mind in life : biology, phenomenology, and the sciences of mind
Questions on the De anima of Aristotle
The will : a dual aspect theory
Strategic management and marketing strategy in insurance companies : case: China Life Insurance Company Limited in Shifang
This learned book by eminent scholar Anthony Thiselton is a detailed biblical, historical, and contemporary study of the Holy Spirit. Thiselton presents an up-to-date account of biblical teaching on the topic, including exposition of passages and hermeneutics; offers a comprehensive historical survey from the Apostolic Fathers to Jonathan Edwards; and engages a host of modern theologians.In the last part of his book Thiselton discusses a remarkably wide range of writings on the Holy Spirit from the nineteenth century to the present day. He interacts explicitly with Pentecostals and the Renewal Movement in a sympathetic, positive, yet critical manner. The book as a whole is at once scholarly and readable, comprehensive and practical."The Holy Spirit -- in Biblical Teaching, through the Centuries, and Today" offers scholarly work on specific themes such as prophecy, tongues, the miraculous, the range and nature of the Spirit's gifts, and the Holy Spirit in relation to the Trinity, along with practical consequences for worship and life.
Filicide, intra-familial child homicides in Finland 1970-1994
Revisiting the buffers of job insecurity : investigating new buffering factors between perceived job insecurity and employee outcomes
Light of truth and fire of love : a theology of the Holy Spirit
The ministry of the missional church : a community led by the Spirit
The cosmic breath : spirit and nature in the Christianity-Buddhism-science trialogue
Beyond the impasse : toward a pneumatological theology of religions
The liminal people : a novel
Long-term tracheostomy : outcome, cannula care and material wear
Does military draft discourage enrollment in higher education : evidence from OECD countries
Something there : the biology of the human spirit
Southern gods
Indicators of child and youth well-being are indispensable tools for improving the lives of children. In this book, the nation's leading development researchers review the recent progress made in the measurement, collection, dissemination, and use of indicators of child and youth well-being. In addition, they identify opportunities for future research to expand and improve on the indicator data available, so as to develop greater measures of positive development. The first eleven chapters cover key indicators in the areas of health, education, social, and emotional development and then social context indicators of the family, peers, school, and the community. The book then goes on to demonstrate the use of indicators for influencing policy at the state and local levels. One chapter discusses how social indicators were used to guide welfare reform and another recounts the use of the indicators to guide local planning. The volume concludes with a discussion of summary indices of well-being and the methodological challenges of constructing such indices. Written in an accessible manner for policy makers, practitioners, and researchers concerned with children's well-being, including experts in developmental, social, community, and educational psychology, the book also serves as a supplementary text in public policy and the social sciences. The policy chapters will be of particular interest to those who use child and youth indicators to guide policy development.
Appraisals of education-related goals during educational transitions in late adolescence : consequences for academic well-being and goal attainment
The society of timid souls, or, how to be brave
The will : a dual aspect theory. 2
Comment on education returns of wage earners and self-employed workers
Demon hunts
The vintage fashion bible : the style guide to vintage looks 1920s-1990s
Spaces of wellbeing : what is so special about special needs art studios?
Hegel and the spirit : philosophy as pneumatology
This collection of critical essays, originally published in "Pragmatics and Society" 1:2 (2010), discusses how normative biases that shape our relation to the world are constructed through discursive practice in media discourse. The intertextual perspective it adopts is crucial for our understanding of how media representations of speakers and languages shape many of our preconceptions of others. Mediatization is inherently intertextual; the very nature of this process involves extracting the speech behavior of particular speakers or groups from a highly specific context and refracting and reshaping it to be inserted in another stream of representation. The notion of intertextuality becomes a useful concept for the linguistic anthropological study of media discourse in the context of modernity, as it provides us with a tool for exploring the semiotic processes that underlie the way in which the media negotiate and reinscribe the complex relationships of identity that characterize late modern subjecthood.
Spirit of truth : the Holy Spirit in Johannine tradition. Vol. 1, The origins of Johannine pneumatology
Welcome, Holy Spirit : a study of charismatic renewal in the Church
The alchemist
Intellectual property and innovation management in small firms
Toxic parents : overcoming their hurtful legacy and reclaiming your life
History of the concept of mind. Vol. 2, The heterodox and occult tradition
Toward a pneumatological theology : pentecostal and ecumenical perspectives on ecclesiology, soteriology, and theology of mission
The collected shorter writings of James I. Packer. Volume 1, Celebrating the saving work of God
Spirit, the family, and the unconscious in Hegel's philosophy
InfoSet Based SAP BI HCM Data Modeling
The trumpet shall sound : a study of "cargo" cults in Melanesia
Son of a gun : a memoir
Philosophy and the mind
Messages from Maitreya the Christ : one hundred forty messages
Key indicators of child and youth well-being : completing the picture
The Holy Spirit
A metaphysics for the mob : the philosophy of George Berkeley
Falling into matter : problems of embodiment in English fiction from Defoe to Shelley
The experience of God : Orthodox dogmatic theology. Volume 4, The church : communion in the Holy Spirit
The spiritual technology of ancient Egypt : sacred science and the mystery of consciousness
Rebel of the sands
The Blackwell guide to Hegel's Phenomenology of spirit
Strategy and human resource management
Personality, well-being and job resources : from negative paradigm towards positive psychology
On the Holy Spirit
Merleau-Ponty, interiority and exteriority, psychic life, and the world
Human capital, dynamic inefficiency and economic growth
The artist's way workbook
Hegel and the symbolic meditation of spirit
Posthumous meditations : a dialogue in three acts
Studies on the spatial concentration of human capital
A Pentecostal hermeneutic : spirit, scripture, and community
Zionism and faith-healing in Rhodesia : aspects of African independent churches
Christian initiation and baptism in the Holy Spirit : evidence from the first eight centuries
The change of well-being : mediator and moderator effects of depression in Muupu intervention
Intentionality, mind and language
The body book : the law of hunger, the science of strength, the power of knowledge, and other ways to love your amazing body
The theology of spiritual gifts in Luther and Calvin : a comparison
"The damming of Bujagali Falls, located only 8 kilometers north of the historic source of the White Nile or the outlet of Lake Victoria, has been seen as one of the most controversial dams in modern times. In 2012, the dam was eventually inaugurated after years of anti-dam opposition and delays. A unique aspect of the controversies was the river spirit Budhagaali living in the falls blocking the dam and opposing the destruction of the waterfalls. This spirits embodies a particular healer - Jaja Bujagali, but he was bypassed by another healer who conducted no less than three grandiose appeasement and relocation ceremonies for the Budhagaali spirit clearing the way for the dam. Why has this particular dam been so controversial? How can a water spirit block a nearly billion dollar dam? What was the ritual drama behind the construction of the dam and is it possible to move a spirit? And what happened to Budhagaali and the indigenous religion after the falls were flooded and can a river spirit be drowned in its own element - water?" --Provided by publisher.
Matter and mind : a philosophical inquiry
Future information technology poles : where and why?
The Holy Spirit, inspiration, and the cultures of antiquity : multidisciplinary perspectives
Holy Spirit : growth of a biblical tradition
Angelomorphic pneumatology : Clement of Alexandria and other early Christian witnesses
Until the spirit comes : the spirit of God in the book of Isaiah
Zombies and consciousness
The Spirit and the church : antiquity
Posttraumatic stress symptoms among school personnel after the Jokela school shooting : a longitudinal study of exposure, interventions, and symptom changes
The quest of the overself
A tale of the light world : revealing a profound secret of the universe
This dance of the mind
How to promote the healthy development of human resources in children and youngsters?
Staying well in an unstable world of work : prospective cohort study of the determinants of employee well-being
Motivate and reward : performance appraisal and incentive systems for business success
Fall of the multiverse
Becoming Jinn
Knowing the triune God : the work of the Spirit in the practices of the church
Lord and life-giver : Spirit today
The gifts of imperfection : let go of who you think you're supposed to be and embrace who you are
On human capital formation with exit options : comment and new results
Lorenzo Belo's eulogy of Rome : an epigraphical document of the spirit of the counter reformation
The skin ego
Orthodox psychotherapy : (the science of the Fathers)
The wellness syndrome
The mind-body problem : an opionated introduction
The Spirit in creation and new creation : science and theology in Western and Orthodox realms
Giver of life : the Holy Spirit in Orthodox tradition
The matter of mind : reason and experience in the age of Descartes
The person & work of the Holy Spirit
The effect of sensory-processing sensitivity on social preference for online interaction and associated outcome on psychological wellbeing
Tools of titans : the tactics, routines, and habits of billionaires, icons, and world-class performers
The genealogy of aesthetics
Last child in the woods : saving our children from nature-deficit disorder
The artist's way : a spiritual path to higher creativity
God's empowering presence : the Holy Spirit in the letters of Paul
Adultery : a novel
Immaterial capital : ideas of human and social capital in the Older Historical School of German Political Economy
Maitreya's teachings : the laws of life
Philosophy, psychiatry and neuroscience : three approaches to the mind : a synthetic analysis of the varieties of human experience
Alkuajatus = the original thought : the little manual of life
Mental Stress and Strain during Work and Leisure : a pilot study among marathon school participants
Anglo-Saxon psychologies in the Vernacular and Latin traditions
Sophia : a novel
Big magic : creative living beyond fear
Katz and Rapoport (2005) conclude that with linear production technology and the possibility of unilateral migration, regionspecific shocks may increase the average level of education. Previously, Poutvaara (2000) derived a corresponding result with Cobb-Douglas technology and migration which may go in both directions. This paper shows that the exit option may reduce human capital formation with a quadratic production technology.
The adverse effects of domestic violence on psychosocial well-being
Supervenience and mind : selected philosophical essays
The (de)construction of mythic ethnography II : Hrimþurs and cosmogony (a contrbution to the Vanir debate)
The vanir : an obituary
In her latest book, The Universe Has Your Back,New York Times best-selling author Gabrielle Bernstein teaches readers how to transform their fear into faith in order to live a divinely guided life. Each story and lesson in the book guides readers to release the blocks to what they most long for: happiness, security and clear direction. The lessons help readers relinquish the need to control so they can relax into a sense of certainty and freedom. Readers will learn to stop chasing life and truly live.  Making the shift from fear to faith will give readers a sense of power in a world that all too often makes them feel utterly powerless. When the tragedies of the world seem overwhelming, this book will help guide them back to their true power.  Gabrielle says, "My commitment with this book is to wake up as many people as possible to their connection to faith and joy. In that connection, we can be guided to our true purpose: to be love and spread love. These words can no longer be cute buzz phrases that we merely post on social media. Rather, these words must be our mission. The happiness, safety, and security we long for lies in our commitment to love."   When readers follow this path, they'll begin to feel a swell of energy move through them. They will find strength when they are down, synchronicity and support when they're lost, safety in the face of uncertainty, and joy when they are otherwise in pain. Follow the secrets revealed in this book to unleash the presence of your power and know always that The Universe Has Your Back.
Man up : surviving modern masculinity
Grandparental love : a challenge or richness?
The quality and development of the leader-follower relationship and psychological capital : a longitudinal case study in a higher education context
The Johannine paraclete in the Church Fathers : a study in the history of exegesis
Wishes fulfilled : mastering the art of manifesting
Language and spirit
A postapocalyptic ghosthunter escapes her dire fate by joining the ghost of a supersoldier on his quest to the underworld.
