http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1430 antique dealers
antique dealers
The antique gift shop. vol. 4
On Aristotle Physics 8.6-10
Religion and social transitions
The antique gift shop. vol. 2
Wandering Greeks : the ancient Greek diaspora from the age of Homer to the death of Alexander the Great
Essential guide to London's retro shops
The Russian imperial award system during the reign of Nicholas II 1894-1917
Group identity and religious individuality in late antiquity
In the 70 years between 140 B.C. and 70 B.C., Rome was confronted with three major slave rebellions. Two of the uprisings occurred in the province of Sicily. The third and most memorable, led by the gladiator Spartacus, took place in Italy and posed a serious threat to the city of Rome. Bradley's work carefully describes and analyzes these rebellions in their respective contexts. In addition to examining the immediate historical context of each rebellion and the relationship of the uprisings to the overall development of Roman slavery in the second century, B.C., Bradley offers an original analysis of the rebellions against the broad background of resistance in modern slave societies. Emphasizing the material conditions that led slaves to resist and the practical means by which their resistance was maintained, Bradley demonstrates the relationship of the Roman slave wars to other types of slave resistance.
Rituals and ceremonies in popular culture
The short history of science : or the long path to the union of metaphysics and empiricism
The atlas of lost cults and mystery religions : rediscover extraordinary traditions from the dawn of time
Latin lives! : in Finland and beyond
Most classical authors and modern historians depict the ancient Greek world as essentially stable and even static, once the so-called colonization movement came to an end. But Robert Garland argues that the Greeks were highly mobile, that their movement was essential to the survival, success, and sheer sustainability of their society, and that this wandering became a defining characteristic of their culture. Addressing a neglected but essential subject, Wandering Greeks focuses on the diaspora of tens of thousands of people between about 700 and 325 BCE, demonstrating the degree to which Greeks were liable to be forced to leave their homes due to political upheaval, oppression, poverty, warfare, or simply a desire to better themselves. Attempting to enter into the mind-set of these wanderers, the book provides an insightful and sympathetic account of what it meant for ancient Greeks to part from everyone and everything they held dear, to start a new life elsewhere--or even to become homeless, living on the open road or on the high seas with no end to their journey in sight. Each chapter identifies a specific kind of "wanderer," including the overseas settler, the deportee, the evacuee, the asylum-seeker, the fugitive, the economic migrant, and the itinerant, and the book also addresses repatriation and the idea of the "portable polis." The result is a vivid and unique portrait of ancient Greece as a culture of displaced persons.
Moving past earlier descriptions of first-century Christ groups that were based on examining the New Testament in isolation from extant sources produced by analogous cult groups throughout Mediterranean antiquity, this book engages with underexplored epigraphic and papyrological records and situates the behaviour of Paul's Corinthian ekklēsia within broader patterns of behaviour practiced by Greco-Roman associations. Richard Last's comparative analysis generates highly original contributions to our understanding of the social history of the Jesus movement: he shows that the Corinthians were a small group who had no fixed meeting place, who depended on financial contributions from all ten members in order to survive, and who attracted recruits by offering social benefits such as crowns and office-holding that made other ancient cult groups successful. This volume provides a much-needed robust alternative to the traditional portrayal of Pauline Christ groups as ecclesiastically egalitarian, devoid of normative honorific practices, and free for the poor.
Slavery and rebellion in the Roman world 140 B. C.-70. B. C.
Female networks and the public sphere in Roman society
Sotheby's world guide to antiques and their prices worldwide. Vol. 3
Banking and business in the Roman world
In this comprehensive illustrated study, Roger Batty examines the historical importance of migration and the pastoral economy in Eastern Europe during ancient and early medieval times, with an emphasis on the early period of Roman rule. Across a wide geographical area, from the Ukraine to the shores of the Aegean, the interaction of imperial rulers and migrating steppe nomads both with each other and with the indigenous farmers and herdsmen, forms a central strand of European history. Batty uses both textual and archaeological evidence to establish a clear picture of life in the region. In explaining the historical development of the area in antiquity, whether in the Roman period or afterwards, he investigates the economic choices available to, and the ideas espoused by, both larger and smaller social groups. Historically important but unrecognized structures and trends are all given prominence over the more temporary initiatives of centralizing powers.
The problem of ritual
Markets of Paris
The vintage & antiques fairs of England
Cats and curses
The anthropology of western religions : ideas, organizations, and constituencies
Jews and Gentiles in the early Jesus movement : an unintended journey
The antique gift shop. vol. 1
Examining the legal history of the order to pay money initiating a funds transfer, the author tracks basic principles of modern law to those that governed the payment order of Antiquity and the Middle Ages.
Rome and the Nomads : the Pontic-Danubian realm in antiquity
Redefining ancient Orphism : a study in Greek religion
Jews and Gentiles in the Early Jesus Movement casts new light on Jewish-Gentile relations and the evolution of belief in the early Jesus movement. Abel Mordechai Bibliowicz suggests that the New Testament reflects the early stages of a Gentile challenge to the authority and to the legitimacy of the descendants of Jesus' disciples and first followers as the exclusive guardians and interpreters of his legacy. With the passage of time and loss of context, the tensions and trauma produced by this crisis came to be understood by later believers as reflective of a Jewish-Christian conflict. Bibliowicz suggests that the New Testament texts do not reflect a struggle between 'Christians' and 'Jews' nor a conflict between 'Judaism' and 'Christianity' but rather a heated dispute about Judaism and about Torah observance among Jesus' early followers.
Empires and migrational trends : the case of Roman and Ottoman Greece
The continuous and the discrete : ancient physical theories from a contemporary perspective
The antique gift shop. vol. 3
The ancient Greeks and the evolution of standards in business
The payment order of antiquity and the Middle Ages : a legal history
The Pauline church and the Corinthian Ekklēsia : Greco-Roman associations in comparative context
A French affair
