http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14360 television systems
television systems
Application-driven architecture synthesis
Digital television : Satellite, cable, terrestrial, IPTV, mobile TV in the DVB framework
IPTV and Internet video : new markets in television broadcasting
Triple play : building the converged network for IP, VoIP and IPTV
The politics of international standards : France and the color tv war
3D television (3DTV) technology, systems, and deployment ; rolling out the infrastructure for next-generation entertainment
Finnish high-quality products and Chinese customer satisfaction
Quality of service for triple play services in heterogeneous networks
Since the late 1990s, there has been a crucial and substantial transformation in China's television system involving institutional, structural and regulatory changes. Unraveling the implications of these changes is vital for understanding the politics of Chinese media policy-making and regulation, and thus a comprehensive study of this history has never been more essential. This book studies the transformation of the policy and regulation of the Chinese television sector within a national political and economic context from 1996 to the present day. Taking a historical and sociological approach, it engages in the theoretical debates over the nature of the transformation of media in the authoritarian Chinese state; the implications of the ruling party's political legitimacy and China's central-local conflicts upon television policy-making and market structure; and the nature of the media modernisation process in a developing country. Its case studies include broadcasting systems in Shanghai and Guangdong, which demonstrate that varied policies and development strategies have been adopted by television stations, reflecting different local circumstances and needs. Arguing that rather than being a homogenous entity, China has demonstrated the substantial local diversity and complex interactions between local, national and global media, this book will be of interest to students and scholars of Chinese media, politics and policy, and international communications.
"India is changing at a rapid pace as it continues to move from its colonial past to its globalised future. This Companion offers a framework for understanding that change, and how modern cultural forms have emerged out of very different histories and traditions. The book provides accounts of literature, theatre, film, modern and popular art, music, television and food; it also explores in detail social divisions, customs, communications and daily life. In a series of engaging, erudite and occasionally moving essays the contributors, drawn from a variety of disciplines, examine not merely what constitutes modern Indian culture, but just how wide-ranging are the cultures that persist in the regions of India. This volume will help the reader understand the continuities and fissures within Indian culture and some of the conflicts arising from them. Throughout, what comes to the fore is the extraordinary richness and diversity of modern Indian culture"--
Abstract: The purpose of this study was to update television playout system. An Estonian television and radio network operator Levira playout centre needed expansion in infrastructure to be able to accommodate larger channel count. Renewals of media asset management and automation systems were also required to handle requirements of the larger channel count and to automate processes. Television playout systems and solutions are going through big changes. These changes reflect partially new developments in the whole broadcasting industry and the way people use video, as well as changes and development in other areas of technology, especially in IT. These changes do not come without challenges with new workflows and ways of operating. These projects were to be done not only for current needs but also to be ready for the coming years. This was taken into consideration on system design and planning as well as on choosing the partners for the projects. As a result of this study, an up to date playout centre was designed with flexible IT based solutions that are easy to update and customize for varying needs of different television channels. Playout centre has room to grow and it is ready for requirements of future without need for major changes in the system.
Usability study of Nokia Guestlink interactive hotel television
Designing interactive digital media
Politics, media and modern democracy : an international study of innovations in electoral campaigning and their consequences
IPTV crash course
Objection! -Overruled : legal and semi-legal terminology and courtroom-specific language in television subtitles
Digital video and DSP : instant access
Instructor's manual for basic television and video systems
Electronic monitoring in the workplace : controversies and solutions
Final Jeopardy : man vs. machine and the quest to know everything
Mobile TV : DVB-H, DMB, 3G systems and rich media applications
HDTV and the transition to digital broadcasting : understanding new television technologies
Money monster
DVB-T measurements system
Next generation IPTV services and technologies
Computers in broadcast and cable newsrooms : using technology in television news production
Television playout development towards flexible IT-based solutions
IPTV basics
Albania : family, society and culture in the 20th century
The Cambridge companion to modern Indian culture
Nothing is true and everything is possible : adventures in modern Russia
Introduction to IP television (IPTV) : why and how companies are providing television through data networks
Channels of power : the impact of television on American politics
Researchers at IBM launched a billion-dollar project to develop a machine that could compete in the quiz show Jeopardy--and win. The machine faced off in a high-ratings match against two former champions, Ken Jennings and Brad Rutter. Journalist Stephen Baker carries readers on a captivating journey from the IBM labs to the showdown in Hollywood. The story features brilliant Ph.D.s, Hollywood moguls, knowledge-obsessed Jeopardy masters--and a very special collection of silicon and circuitry named Watson. It was a classic match of Man vs. Machine, not seen since the chess-playing computer Deep Blue bested the world's reigning grandmaster, Garry Kasparov. And Watson needed to do more than churn through chess moves or find a relevant Web page--it had to understand language, including puns and irony, and master everything from history and literature to science, arts, and entertainment.--Adapted from publisher description.
The DVB-H handbook : the functioning and planning of Mobile TV
Consistency and change in Finnish broadcasting policy : the implementation of digital television and lessons from the Canadian experience
Television regulation and media policy in China
Digital Basics for Cable Television Systems : Jeffrey L. Thomas, Francis M. Edgington
Compact UHF-band antennas for mobile terminals : focus on modelling, implementation, and user interaction
CCTV for security professionals
Proceedings of the 1st Workshop on Defining a European Research Agenda on Information Systems and Management in eMedia Industries : Bled, Slovenia, 9th-13th June 2013
English summary: Digital television : analyses on early history, challenges to media policy and transformation of television.
