http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14387 Bible
Bible
Holy Bible : new revised standard version Catholic edition, anglicized text : including the Grail Psalms
Comparison of the language of the New English Bible and the New International Version in terms of the general description
The interpreter's dictionary of the Bible : an illustrated encyclopedia. 4
The Bible as history
Holy Bible : New international version
Abstract nouns in two English Bible versions: The Authorized Version and The New English Bible
Large-scale economic change such as the rise of coinage occurred during the Persian-dominated centuries (6th-4th centuries BCE) in the Eastern Mediterranean and ancient Near East. How do the biblical texts of the time respond to such developments? In this study, Peter Altmann lays out foundational economic conceptions from the ancient Near East and earlier biblical traditions in order to show how Persian-period biblical texts build on these traditions to address the challenges of their day. Economic issues are central for how Ezra and Nehemiah approach the topics of temple building and of Judean self-understanding, and economics are also important for other Persian-period texts. Following significant interaction with the material culture and extra-biblical texts, the author devotes special attention to the ascendancy of economics and its theological and identity implications as structuring metaphors for divine action and human community in the Persian period.- book flap
Abstract in english.
Carta's historical atlas of Jerusalem : an illustrated survey
The nature and authority of the Bible
The New interpreter's dictionary of the Bible. Vol. 5, S-Z
The Bible : the biography
In search for Aram and Israel : politics, culture, and identity
Fruit for the soul : Luther on the lament psalms
The Holy Bible : containing the Old and New Testaments, Authorized King James Version : translated out of the original tongues and with the former translations diligently compared and revised
The great code : the Bible and literature
The study of the Bible in the Middle Ages
The international standard Bible encyclopedia. 3, K-P
The Thompson chain-reference Bible : the Old Testament and the New Testament : Thompson's original and complete system of Bible study ..
Historical linguistics and Biblical Hebrew : steps toward an integrated approach
The post-priestly pentateuch : new perspectives on its redactional development and theological profiles
The Usborne children's Bible : The old testament
The blessings of Abraham = Abrahamin siunaukset
Sacred discontent : the Bible and Western tradition
Holy bible : King James Version
Three conquests of Canaan : a comparative study of two egyptian military campaigns and Joshua 10-12 in the light of recent archaeological evidence
Holy Bible : English standard version (ESV)
Economics in Persian-period biblical texts : their interactions with economic developments in the Persian period and earlier biblical traditions
The Encyclopedia contains over 150 entries, ranging in length from 1,000 to 10,000 words. It is organized in an A-to-Z format. Each entry is signed, contains a bibliography for further reading, and is cross-referenced to other useful points of interest within the Encyclopedia. It also features a topical outline of contents and an extensive index.
/Early English text society : Extra series./. 116, The Pauline epistles
Usborne children's new testament
Today agreement regarding the formation of the Pentateuch is no longer as widespread as it was when the documentary hypothesis was first proposed. Numerous scholars find that more recent periods of Israelite history – the exilic and post-exilic periods – are more likely to have been behind important sections of the Pentateuch. This has resulted in a major shift in scholarship: no longer is the remote past of Israelite history the only era, or even the primary era, during which the Pentateuch came into formation. Rather, the development of the Pentateuch continued down into the Persian and Hellenistic periods. During these centuries, the post-exilic community brought together the texts of their own cultural heritage and blended these ancient stories with ex novo additions that reflected their current historical situation. The result was the Pentateuch as we know it today. This volume focuses on these final redactions included in the biblical text after the Priestly materials. The purpose of these final additions was to complete that which was deemed necessary to recount, as well as to update, reorient, and, sometimes, to correct older materials containing ideas that were no longer compatible with the post-exilic time of the editors.
The church and the homosexual
Who are the poor? : the beatitudes as a call to community
Israel. III-IV: its life and culture
The Holy Bible : containing the Old and New Testaments
Oxford Bible atlas
Deuteronomy-Kings as emerging authoritative books : a conversation
The amplified Bible : containing the amplified Old Testament and the amplified New Testament
The enduring authority of the Christian scriptures
The Puffin Children's Bible : stories from the Old and New Testaments
Studies in sentence complexity and readability in four English versions of The Bible
The Bible as literature : an introduction
Biblical scholars have long claimed that the Israelites "could not conceive of a disembodied nefesh [soul]." In this book, Richard C. Steiner rejects that claim based on a broad spectrum of textual, linguistic, archaeological, and anthropological evidence spanning the millennia from prehistoric times to the present. The biblical evidence includes a prophecy of Ezekiel condemning women who pretend to trap the wandering souls of sleeping people - prophecy that has been only partially understood until now because of the obscure technical terms that it contains. The extrabiblical evidence suggests that a belief in the existence of disembodied souls was part of the common religious heritage of the peoples of the ancient Near East.--Provided by publisher.
The vocabulary guide to Biblical Hebrew
Legends of trolls and the Bible
The formation of the Pentateuch : bridging the academic cultures of Europe, Israel, and North America
Defining All-Israel in Chronicles : multi-levelled identity negotiation in late Persian-period Jehud
An introduction to New Testament Greek : a quick course in the reading of Koiné Greek
The Easter story
The building of the first temple : a study in readctional, text-critical and historical perspective
Jesus on trial : a lawyer affirms the truth of the gospel
Langenscheidt's pocket Hebrew dictionary to the old testament : Hebrew-English
Renovation of the heart : putting on the character of Christ
The Holy Bible : containing the Old and New testaments
A concordance to the Septuagint and the other Greek versions of the Old Testament (including the Apocryphal books)
Commentary on the Torah : with a new English translation and the Hebrew text
Verbs of saying in the Gospel of Mark : a comparison of the King James version and the New International Version
Disembodied souls : the Nefesh in Israel and kindred spirits in the ancient Near East, with an appendix on the Katumuwa Inscription
The interpreter's dictionary of the Bible : an illustrated encyclopedia identifying and explaining all proper names and significant terms and subjects in the Holy Scriptures, including the Apocrypha, with attention to archaeological discoveries and researches into the life and faith of ancient times. Supplementary volume
The international standard Bible encyclopedia. 4, Q-Z
The fathers of the Church : a new translation. Vol. 124, Commentary on the Twelve Prophet, vol. 3
Baby's story book Bible
God and the gay Christian : the biblical case in support of same-sex relationships
A first Bible story book
Of, by, with, and through introducing a complement of instrument or agent in the authorised version and the new English Bible
The Book : New testament : Bible illuminated
The interpreter's dictionary of the Bible : an illustrated encyclopedia. 2
The 100-word Bible
Virtual history and the Bible
Luther's works. 69, Sermons on the Gospel of St. John, Chapters 17-20
Jesus : a very short introduction
The Bible : faith and evidence : a critical enquiry into the nature of biblical history
Revelation
Throughout its history, the Kingdom of Israel had strong connections with the Aramaean world. Constantly changing relations, from rivalry and military conflicts to alliances and military cooperation, affected the history of the whole Levant and left their marks on both Biblical and extra-Biblical sources. New studies demonstrate that Israelite state formation was contemporaneous with the formation of the Aramaean polities (11th-9th centuries BCE). Consequently, the Jordan Valley (and especially its northern parts and its extension to the valley of Lebanon) was a constantly changing border zone between different Iron Age polities. In light of that, there is a need to study the history of Ancient Israel not only from the "Canaanite" point of view but also within the political and cultural context of the Aramaean world. This volume brings together experts working in different fields to address the relations and interactions between Aram and Israel during the Early Iron Age (12th to 8th centuries BCE).
Holy Bible : new international version
Shorter atlas of the Bible
The prophetic imagination
The New Interpreter's® dictionary of the Bible. Vol. 3, I-Ma
A grammar of Biblical Hebrew. Volume II. Part three : Syntax  : Paradigms and indices
The Holy Bible : new international version with introductory helps
Pocket guide to the bible: a little book about the big book
Verbs and nouns denoting sinning and condemnation, mercy and redemption in the authorized version, compared with two modern translations
The book and the text : the Bible and literary theory
Studies in the biblical use of prepositions and prepositional phrases
"Far-off gleams of evangelium" : a study of how J. R. R. Tolkien's The lord of the rings reflects the biblical "Kingdom of Heaven"
The manga Jesus. Book one
The Wesleyan Bible commentary. 2, Job
"This volume investigates Deuteronomy's subversive intent within its social context, and reconsiders the relationship between Deuteronomy and Assyria, its relationship to ancient Near Eastern and biblical treaty and loyalty oath traditions, and the relevance of its treaty affinities to discussions of its date"--
The interpreter's dictionary of the Bible : an illustrated encyclopedia. 1
The forgotten kingdom : the archaeology and history of Northern Israel
David and Goliath
The Holy Bible : new King James version
Suomen pipliaseura = Finska bibelsällskapet = The Finnish Bible Society : (Hki) 1956-1960
99 stories from the Bible
Did Jesus cite Isa 6:9-10? : Jesus’ saying in Mark 4:11-12 and the Isaianic idea of hardening and remnant
Who's who in the Bible
The New Interpreter's® dictionary of the Bible. Vol. 2, D-H
What the Bible really tells us : the essential guide to biblical literature
The Oxford concise concordance to the revised standard version of the Holy Bible
New life good news bible
The Holy Bible : containing the Old and New Testaments with the Apocryphal / Deuterocanonical books
A concise dictionary of Bible origins and interpretation
Mission in Christ's way : Bible studies
The Bible in a thousand tongues : in commemoration of Luther's translation of the Bible in 1534
The Holy Bible : New international version
Stories from the Bible
The Holy Bible : containing the old and new testaments : traslated out of the original tongues and with the former traslations diligently compared
In the beginning : a collection of best loved Bible stories in pictures
The Wesleyan Bible commentary. 4, Matthew-Mark-Luke-John-Acts
The Holy Bible : King James version
Early history of the Israelite people : from the written and archaelogical sources
Who's who in the New Testament
The manga Jesus. Book two
Peloubet's Bible dictionary : based upon the foundation laid by William Smith
Fear and trembling : dialectical lyric by Johannes De Silentio
Jesus : evidence and argument or mythicist myths?
Israel and the Assyrians : Deuteronomy, the succession treaty of Esarhaddon, and the nature of subversion
Offers a history of the interpretation of Chronicles in theology, worship, music, literature and art from the ancient period to the present day, demonstrating its foundational importance within the Old Testament * Explores important differences between the same topics and stories that occur in Chronicles and other biblical books such as Genesis and Kings, including the pious depiction of David, the clear correlation between moral behavior and divine reward, and the elevation of music in worship. - Examines the reception of Chronicles among its interpreters, including rabbis of the Talmud, Jerome, Martin Luther, Johann Sebastian Bach, Cotton Mather, and others, - Features broad yet comprehensive coverage that considers Jewish and Christian, ancient and modern, and secular and pop cultural interpretations - Organizes discussions by verse to illuminate each one s changing meaning across the ages.
Exploring the New Testament. Volume 2, The letters and Revelation
In this volume, thirty-seven first-rate evangelical scholars present a thorough study of biblical authority and a full range of issues connected to it. Recognizing that Scripture and its authority are now being both challenged and defended with renewed vigor, editor D.A. Carson assigned the topics that these select scholars address in the book. After an introduction by Carson to the many facets of the current discussion, the contributors present robust essays on relevant historical, biblical, theological, philosophical, epistemological, and comparative-religions topics. To conclude, Carson answers a number of frequently asked questions about the nature of Scripture, cross-referencing these FAQs to the preceding chapters. This comprehensive volume by a team of recognized experts will be the go-to reference on the nature and authority of the Bible for years to come.
Holy Bible : new revised standard version : containing the Old and New Testaments
Creating a Company Code of Ethics: Using the Bible as a Guide
The red tent
The international standard Bible encyclopedia. 2, E-J
Jewish New Testament : a translation of the New Testament that expresses its Jewishness
The gay gospels : good new for LGBT people
Two Testaments, one Bible : a study of the theological relationship between the Old and New Testaments
The Wesleyan Bible commentary. 3, Isaiah
The New Testament : the new King James version
The book of books : the radical impact of the King James Bible, 1611-2011
The impact of the word on the world : the Bible from print to computer (1450-2000)
Biblical Leadership: Insights for Today's Managers
Graded reader of Biblical Hebrew : a guide to reading the Hebrew Bible
Archaeological Study Bible : an illustrated walk through biblical history and culture
The Holy Bible : new revised standard version : containing the Old and New Testaments
The Books of the Maccabees
A brief sketch of the history of the transmission of the Bible down to the revised English version of 1881-1895
The interpreter's dictionary of the Bible : an illustrated encyclopedia. 3
Unlocking the bible
The New Testament translated by William Tyndale 1534 : a reprint of the edition of 1534 with the translator's prefaces & notes and the variants of the edition of 1525
"I will set his hand on the sea, and his right hand on the river" : North West Semitic Kingship and the sea of combat myth : a survey of Hebrew poetry in light of ancient Near Eastern evidence
The New English Bible: New Testament and Good news for modern man : a comparison of two contemporary New Testament translations
As a sequel to the hugely successful Jesus and the Heritage of Israel this book brings together fourteen internationally acclaimed scholars in antiquities studies and experts on Paul and Luke. The contributors provoke new approaches to the troubled relation of the Lukan Paul by re-configuring the figure and impact of Paul upon nascent Christianity, with the two leading questions as a driving force. First, 'Who is "Israel" and the "church" for Luke and Luke's Paul' and secondly 'Who is Jesus of Nazareth and who is Paul in relation to both?' The contributors provide challenging new perspectives on approaches to the figure of Paul in recent scholarship as well as in the scholarship of previous generations, 're-figuring' Paul by examining both how he is portrayed in Acts, and how the Pauline figure of Acts may be envisioned within Paul's own writings. Paul and the Heritage of Israel thus accomplishes what no other single volume has done: combining both the 'Paul of Paul' and the 'Paul of Luke' in one seminal volume.
The Emmaus code : finding Jesus in the Old Testament
To every thing there is a season
International Organization for the Study of the Old Testament : 20th Congress of IOSOT : Helsinki, 1-6 August 2010
Son of man : an African Jesus film
The Book of the Twelve and the new form criticism
A study on the translation of the Greek aorist and imperfect indicatives into English in The Gospel of Mark in The New English Bible
Paul and the heritage of Israel : Paul's claim upon Israel's legacy in Luke and Acts in the light of the Pauline letters
The Pentateuch lies at the heart of the Western humanities. Yet despite nearly two centuries of scholarship, its historical origins and its literary history are still a subject of intense discussion. Critical scholarship has isolated multiple layers of tradition, inconsistent laws, and narratives that could only have originated from separate communities within ancient Israel, and were joined together at a relatively late stage by a process of splicing and editing. In effect, a number of independent scholarly discourses have emerged. Each centers on the Pentateuch, each operates with its own set of working assumptions, and each is confident of its own claims. This volume seeks to stimulate international discussion about the Pentateuch in order to help the discipline move toward a set of shared assumptions and a common discourse.
Revelations : personal responses to the books of the Bible
Illustrated children's stories from the Old Testament
Communicativeness in translation as examined through Bible translations
The manga Jesus. Book three
Holy Bible : containing The Old and the New Testaments
What can we say about 1 Kings 6-8 that attributes the construction of the temple in its full glory to Solomon? Peter Dubovský approaches these texts from the diachronic point of view by investigating evidence gathered from the ancient Near East demonstrating that temples were often changed. He analyzes biblical texts indicating that the first temple underwent some important changes. This result leads to the final step of his investigation: he offers a minimalist version of a chronological development of the first temple and ventures to offer a more nuanced model. This conclusion, on the one hand, should be ultimately confronted with the results of archaeological excavation once they become available; on the other hand, this study can point to some nuances that only a text can preserve and no archaeologist can ever unearth.
The interlinear NIV Hebrew-English Old Testament
The remarkable, award-winning film, Son of Man (2005), directed by the South African Mark Dornford-May, sets the Jesus story in a contemporary, fictional southern African Judea. While news broadcasts display the political struggles and troubles of this postcolonial country, moments of magical realism point to supernatural battles between Satan and Jesus as well. Jesus' Judean struggle with Satan begins with a haunting reprise of Matthew's 'slaughter of the innocents' and moves forward in a Steve Biko-like non-violent, community-building ministry, captured in graffiti and in the video footage that Judas takes to incriminate Jesus. Satan and the powers seemingly triumph when Jesus 'disappears', but then Mary creates a community that challenges such injustice by displaying her son's dead body upon a hillside cross. The film ends with shots of Jesus among the angels and everyday life in Khayelitsha (the primary shooting location), auguring hope of a new humanity (Genesis 1.26). This book's essays situate Son of Man in its African context, exploring the film's incorporation of local customs, music, rituals, and events as it constructs an imperial and postcolonial 'world'. The film is to be seen as an expression of postcolonial agency, as a call to constructive political action, as an interpretation of the Gospels, and as a reconfiguration of the Jesus film tradition. Finally, the essays call attention to their interested, ideological interpretations by using Son of Man to raise contemporary ethical, hermeneutical, and theological questions. As the film itself concisely asks on behalf of the children featured in it and their politically active mothers, 'Whose world is this'?
In the steps of Saint Paul : an illustrated guide to Paul's journeys
The Oxford encyclopedia of the Bible and gender studies
Israel. I-II : its life and culture
The story begins with the exciting story of the discovery of the Gospel in Egypt in 1978, and its subsequent movements from one antiquities dealer to another. We discover how this precious document eventually finds a home in a New York safety deposit box, where is languishes for years with a $3 million price tag, before it is finally published to huge public attention and fanfare. More than just the story of The Gospel of Judas since it had been found, Churton also discusses how it relates to the historical place of the Judas: how he has been maligned and misrepresented across the centuries. This fascinating book sheds new light on the real nature of Jesus, and presents a daring speculation on the endeavours he planned with his disciples in Jerusalem, Judea and Galilee. "The Kiss of Death" is an explosive book that explains the text of The Gospel of Judas, its context in modern Christianity, as well as the importance of its discovery and subsequent publication.
The Lion children's Bible : stories from the Old and New Testaments
Good news Bible
The Wesleyan Bible commentary. 5, Romans and Galatians
Judaism and other religions : models of understanding
In this book, Louis C. Jonker considers more sophisticated and nuanced models for applying the heuristic lens of "identity" in the interpretation of the Hebrew Bible book of Chronicles. Not only does he investigate the potential and limitations of different sociological models for this purpose, but the author also provides a more nuanced analysis of the socio-historical-context of origin of late Persian period biblical literature by distinguishing between four levels of socio-historic existence in this period. It is shown that varying power relations were in operation on these different levels which contributed to a multi-levelled process of identity negotiation. Louis C. Jonker shows the value of the chosen methodological approach in his analysis of Chronicles, but also suggests that it holds potential for the investigation of other Hebrew Bible corpora. - from dust jacket.
Jewish book art between Islam and Christianity : the decoration of Hebrew bibles in medieval Spain
Convivial life together : Bible studies on vocation, dignity and justice
Kiss of death : the true history of the Gospel of Judas
Chronicles through the centuries
Charts of of Biblical Hebrew : a guide to reading the Hebrew Bible
In 'Traductor Scriptor', John Screnock situates the Old Greek translation of the Hebrew Bible within the broader scribal culture of the ancient world. Building on current methods in Septuagint studies and textual criticism, Screnock engages the evidence from Qumran, the Samaritan Pentateuch, and the Old Greek to argue that the phenomena of translation and transmission are fundamentally similar. 'Traductor Scriptor' presents a unique approach to the use of the Old Greek for textual criticism of the Hebrew Bible, based on new theoretical considerations and an in-depth analysis of text-critical data in the Old Greek translation and Hebrew manuscripts of Exodus 1-14.
"Contributors to this volume explore the theoretical issues at stake in recent changes in form criticism and the practical outcomes of applying the results of these theoretical shifts to the Book of the Twelve. This volume combines self-conscious methodological reflection with practical examination of specific texts in an effort to demonstrate the practical consequences of theoretical decisions and the value of certain methodological stances"--
Consecrated venom : the serpent and the tree of knowledge
A manual of textual analysis
Priests and cults in the Book of the Twelve
Biblia pauperum : a facsimile of the forty-page block book
Discover the Bible in English! : teaching material package for grades 8-9 in Christian schools
The international standard Bible encyclopedia. 1, A-D
Questioning the millenium : a rationalist's guide to a precisely arbitrary countdown
Traductor scriptor : the old Greek translation of Exodus 1-14 as scribal activity
Killing Jesus : a history
The children's illustrated Bible
The Wesleyan Bible commentary. 6, Hebrews
Noah and the ark
Holy Bible : new international version : with cross-references and concordance
Epigraphy, philology, and the Hebrew Bible : methodological perspectives on philological and comparative study of the Hebrew Bible in honor of Jo Ann Hackett
A dictionary of the Bible
The wife of Jesus : ancient texts and modern scandals
