http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14376 interpolation
interpolation
Kriging in interpolating July mean temperatures and precipitation
Interpolation theory and its applications
A stabilized multi-channel CMOS time-to-digital converter based on a low frequency reference
Rational interpolation with prescribed poles : convergence theory for general points of interpolation and functions with restricted growth
Modelling percentile based basal area weighted diameter distribution
Numerical computational methods
Numerical recipes in C : the art of scientific computing
Interpolation and approximation
This is an introduction to the mathematical theory which underlies subdivision surfaces, as it is used in computer graphics and animation. Subdivision surfaces enable a designer to specify the approximate form of a surface that defines an object and then to refine it to get a more useful or attractive version. A considerable amount of mathematical theory is needed to understand the characteristics of the resulting surfaces, and this book explains the material carefully and rigorously. The text is highly accessible, organising subdivision methods in a unique and unambiguous hierarchy which builds insight and understanding. The material is not restricted to questions related to regularity of subdivision surfaces at so-called extraordinary points, but gives a broad discussion of the various methods. It is therefore an excellent preparation for more advanced texts that delve more deeply into special questions of regularity.
The commutant lifting approach to interpolation problems
Image super-resolution and applications
Developing raster bands computed from LiDAR to improve forest stand segmentation
Fundamentals of approximation theory
Interpolation and regression models for the chemical engineer : solving numerical problems
The calculus of finite differences
Estimating aggregated nutrient fluxes in four Finnish rivers via Gaussian state space models
The approximation of a continuous function by either an algebraic polynomial, a trigonometric polynomial, or a spline, is an important issue in application areas like computer-aided geometric design and signal analysis. This book is an introduction to the mathematical analysis of such approximation, and, with the prerequisites of only calculus and linear algebra, the material is targeted at senior undergraduate level, with a treatment that is both rigorous and self-contained.The topics include polynomial interpolation; Bernstein polynomials and the Weierstrass theorem; best approximations in the general setting of normed linear spaces and inner product spaces; best uniform polynomial approximation; orthogonal polynomials; Newton-Cotes , Gauss and Clenshaw-Curtis quadrature; the Euler-Maclaurin formula ; approximation of periodic functions; the uniform convergence of Fourier series; spline approximation,with an extensive treatment of local spline interpolation,and its application in quadrature.
Topics in multivariate approximation and interpolation
"Preface We know what you are asking yourself. There are a lot of books available in image processing so what is novel in this book?' We can summarize the answer with the following points 1. This book is devoted to the issue of obtaining high-resolution images from single or multiple low-resolution images. 2. You always see different algorithms for image interpolation and super-resolution without a common thread between the two processes. This book presents interpolation as a building block in the super-resolution reconstruction process. 3. You see research papers on image interpolation either as a polynomial-based problem or an inverse problem without a comparison of the two trends. This book presents this comparison. 4. Two chapters are devoted to two complementary steps that are used to obtain high-resolution images. These steps are image registration and image fusion. 5. This book presents two directions for image super-resolution; super-resolution with a priori information and blind super-resolution. 6. This book presents applications for image interpolation and super-resolution in medical and satellite image processing. 7. MATLABʼ codes for most of the simulation experiments discussed in this book are included in Appendix D at the end of the book. Finally, we hope that this book will be helpful for the image processing community. MATLABʼ is a registered trademark of The MathWorks, Inc. For product information, please contact: The MathWorks, Inc. 3 Apple Hill Drive Natick, MA 01760-2098 USA Tel: 508-647-7000 Fax: 508-647-7001 E-mail: info@mathworks.com Web: www.mathworks.com".
All-digital synchronization techniques and detection of TFM signals in the presence of DC offsets
Interpolation and sampling in spaces of analytic functions
Spline functions on triangulations
An introduction to the approximation of functions
Curve and surface fitting with splines
Polynomials : an algorithmic approach
Introduction to scientific computing : a matrix-vector apporoach using Matlab
Mathematics of approximation
Introduction to the mathematics of subdivision surfaces
Interpolation and accuracy of contour-based raster DEMs
Spatial statistics and geostatistics : theory and applications for geographic information science and technology
Generalized solutions of a system of differential equations of the first order and elliptic type with discontinuous coefficients
Topics in interpolation theory
