http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14324 fetishism
fetishism
Dangerous curves : action heroines, gender, fetishism, and popular culture
Space, time, and perversion : essays on the politics of bodies
The customized body
Fetish : fashion, sex and power
Fetish : an erotics of culture
The Disney fetish
Perv : the sexual deviant in all of us
Fetishism in fashion
Psychoanalysis and love
Undead and unemployed
Fetishism and development : what has been said about the economic value of culture in Africa?
On the modern cult of the factish gods
Sexual deviation
Venus and furs : The cultural politics of fur
This contribution to the debate surrounding bodies and "body politics" both celebrates and resituates the body in the space between feminism and philosophy, feminism and cultural analysis, and feminism and critical thought. Exploring architecture, philosophy, and, in a controversial way, queer theory, it shows how these knowledges have stripped bodies of their specificity, their corporeality, and the vestigal traces of their production as bodies. It investigates the work of Michael Foucault, Teresa de Lauretis, Gilles Deleuze, Judith Butler and Alphonso Lingis, examining the ways in which the functioning of bodies transforms understandings of space and time, knowledge and desire. The possibilities of thinking of bodies "positively", thinking through and as bodies, and thinking as a mode of bodily doing are explored; as well as the relationship between the "knowledge" of difference and the way that knowledge validates and valorizes subjects.
A sense of things : the object matter of American literature
Women, writing, and fetishism, 1890-1950 : female cross-gendering
Friendly fetish : a beginner's guide to kink
Amulets of Ancient Egypt
Female fetishism : a new look
Border fetishisms : material objects in unstable spaces
This book delves into the fetishistic world of contemporary fashion to reveal a daring and instinctive future for style and culture. It investigates topics including the evolution of taste from birth to adulthood, the elevation of shoes through ever-higher heels, the psychology of branding, the effects of infantilism, the power of the color black, the fetishizing of objects, and the interaction of architecture, fashion, and the body. The avant garde art performances of Leigh Bowery are highlighted in honor of his continually growing influence on contemporary culture. Talent is sourced from around the globe, focusing on innovative and original content that illustrates a dramatic shift in aesthetics. Bolder, crazier, and more outlandish styles are on the fashion horizon, making this book a key reference in a new era of experimentation and intense creativity.
Fetishism and curiosity
Burlesque and the art of the teese ; fetish and the art of the teese
Fetishism as cultural discourse
Lust : Kinky online personal ads
"The concept of fetishism has recently assumed a growing importance in critical thinking about the cultural construction of sexuality. Yet until now no scholar with an in-depth knowledge of fashion history has studied the actual clothing fetishes themselves. Nor has there been a serious exploration of the historical relationship between fashion and fetishism, although erotic styles have changed significantly and "sexual chic" has become increasingly conspicuous." "Marshalling a dazzling array of evidence from pornography, psychology, and history, as well as interviews with individuals involved in sexual fetishism, sadomasochism, and cross-dressing, Steele illuminates the complex relationship between appearance and identity. Based on years of research, her book Fetish: Fashion, Sex & Power explains how a paradigm shift in attitudes toward sex and gender has given rise to the phenomenon of fetish fashion."
Hex files : the Goth Bible
The symbolism of vanitas in the arts, literature, and music : comparative and historical studies
Christianity, fetishism, and the development of secular politics in Ghana : a Dumontian approach
MSC Finland Tom's Club : neljäkymmentä vuotta historiaa = MSC Finland Tom's Club : forty years of history
Fetishism : visualising power and desire
Hemingway's fetishism : psychoanalysis and the mirror of manhood
Everyday extraordinary : encountering fetishism with Marx, Freud and Lacan
A critical introduction to queer theory
When someone you love is kinky
Hans Bellmer : the anatomy of anxiety
The desirable body : cultural fetishism and the erotics of consumption
The queer German cinema
Female fetishism
In Fetish, Henry Krips draws together Freudian and Marxian insights to provide accounts of fetishism and the gaze that afford new ways of understanding the relation of the individual to the social, of pleasure to desire. He uses discrete cultural artifacts as windows through which to view local instances of the mediation of pleasure and desire, demonstrating that users of cultural objects adapt them to suit their own strategic ends. Ranging widely over texts and cultures, he discusses Hopi initiation rites, Holbein's painting The Ambassadors, Robert Boyle's early scientific manual New Experiments Physico-Chemical, Toni Morrison's Beloved, the popular television series Mystery Science Theatre 3000, and David Cronenberg's film Crash. Jacques Lacan's theory of the gaze and Louis Althusser's theory of ideology frame Krips's perspectives on fetishism and the discourse of perversion, which he considers in light of postcolonial theory, the history of science, screen theory, and, of course, psychoanalysis. What results is a work remarkable for its clear exposition and its sophisticated synthesis of major theorists, its provocative argument that pleasure comes not from attaining desire but rather from moving around its object-cause.
The society of the spectacle
"Approach and avoid" : the quest for signs in Thomas Pynchon's V.
