http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14357 ecological housing
ecological housing
Eco chic : organic living
Liminality in paradise : a study in utopianism at the Punta Mona community
Bioarchitecture : how to build in a more ecological way..
Towards sustainable human settlements development in the ECE region
Natural cities : features of ecological planning in Finland and Japan
Innovative Houses : concepts for sustainable living
Green architecture for the future
The Gaia natural house book : creating a healthy and ecologically sound home
Green consumption : the global rise of eco-chic
Ecovillage living : restoring the earth and her people
Earthship. Vol. 3, Evolution beyond economics
The healthy house
The greatest guide to green living
Building green : a complete how-to guide to alternative building methods : earth plaster, straw bale, cordwood, cob, living roofs
The good house book :  a common-sense guide to alternative homebuilding
The ecology of building materials
Earthship. Vol. 2, Systems and components
Ecological neighbourhood in Viikki, Helsinki : design competitions and experimental building
Residential landscape sustainability : a checklist tool
The challenge of interior design : The professional value and opportunities
The Natural House is a tour of the construction, costs, and pros and cons of fourteen natural building methods. Straw Bale, Rammed Earth, Cob, Cordwood, Adobe, Earthbags, Papercrete, Earthships…whatever the method, the common goal is to create a house that is economical, energy efficient, nontoxic, soothing to the soul, kind to the environment, and pleasing to behold. This comprehensive sourcebook offers in-depth information that will guide your search for the perfect sustainable dream home. It is a must for home builders, contractors, and architects. Author Dan Chiras shows how you can gain energy independence and reduce your environmental impact through passive solar heating and cooling techniques, solar electricity, wind power, and micro-hydropower. He also explains safe, economical ways to obtain clean drinking water and treat wastewater, and discusses affordable green products. While he's an unabashed advocate of natural building techniques, Chiras takes care not to romanticize and to alert readers to avoidable pitfalls. His detailed, practical, and ecologically sound advice can save tens of thousands of dollars, whether you are buying, building, or renovating a natural home.
Eco-resorts : planning and design for the tropics
New green home solutions : renewable household energy and sustainable living
Directory of eco-villages in Europe
Sticks, stones, mud homes : natural living
Eco nest : creating sustainable sanctuaries of clay, straw, and timber
A sustainable neighbourhood : a place and its people, its services and exchange with nature
Paradise lost : rationality, freedom and ecology in the city
Green building business : target country: India
Ecological building criteria for Viikki
Design and construction of high performance homes : building envelopes, renewable energies, and integrated practice
Green building illustrated
Life in the woods. Creative cabin architecture. Ever since Henry David Thoreau's described his two years, two months, and two days of cabin existence at Walden Pond, Massachusetts in Walden or, Life in the Woods (1854), the idea of a refuge dwelling has seduced the modern psyche. In the past decade, as our material existence and environmental footprint has grown exponentially, architects around the globe have become particularly interested in the possibilities of the minimal, low-impact, and isolated abode. This new TASCHEN title, combining insightful text, rich photography and bright, contemporary illustrations by Marie-Laurc Cruschi, explores how this particular architectural type presents special opportunities for creative thinking. In eschewing excess, the cabin limits actual spatial intrusion to the bare essentials of living requirements, while in responding to its typically rustic setting, it foregrounds eco-friendly solutions. As such, the cabin comes to showcase some of the most inventive and forward-looking practice of contemporary architecture, with Renzo Piano, Terunobu Fujimori, Tom Kundig and many fresh young professionals all embracing such distilled sanctuary spaces. The cabins selected for this publication emphasize the variety of the genre, both in terms of usage and geography. From an artist studio on the Suffolk coast in England to eco-home huts in the Western Ghats region of India, this survey is as exciting in its international reach as it is in its array of briefs, clients, and situations. Constant throughout, however, is architectural innovation, and an inspiring sense of contemplation and coexistence as people return to nature and to a less destructive model of being in the world.
Designing your natural home : a practical guide
Advances in business marketing and purchasing. Vol. 6, Handbook of business-to-business marketing management
"Green lifestyles and ethical consumption have become increasingly popular strategies in moving towards environmentally-friendly societies and combating global poverty. Where previously environmentalists saw excess consumption as central to the problem, green consumerism now places consumption at the heart of the solution. However, ethical and sustainable consumption are also important forms of central to the creation and maintenance of class distinction. Green Consumption scrutinizes the emergent phenomenon of what this book terms eco-chic: a combination of lifestyle politics, environmentalism, spirituality, beauty and health. Eco-chic as a set of practices works to connects ethical, sustainable and elite consumption. It is increasingly part of the identity kit of certain sections of society, who seek to combine taste and style with care for personal wellness and the environment. This book deals with eco-chic as a set of activities, an ideological framework and a popular marketing strategy, offering a critical examination of its manifestations in both the global North and South. The diverse case studies presented in this book range from Basque sheep cheese production and Ghanaian Afro-chic hairstyles to Asian tropical spa culture and Dutch fair-trade jewellery initiatives. The authors assess the ways in which eco-chic, with its apparent paradox of consumption and idealism, can make a genuine contribution to solving some of the most pressing problems of our time"--
The sustainable home : the essential guide to eco building, renovation and decoration
Passive houses : energy efficient homes
The earth care manual : a permaculture handbook for Britain & other temperate climates
Ecologic architecture
Architecture & sustainable development : 27th international conference on passive and low energy architecture / proceeding 1
Alternative urban futures : planning for sustainable development in cities throughout the world
Green is beautiful : the eco-friendly house
Seven rules for sustainable communities : design strategies for the post-carbon world
Green living : eco-friendly homes, natural gardening, organic food, energy saving, recycling
Architecture & sustainable development : 27th international conference on passive and low energy architecture / proceeding 2
The complete guide to buying, developing & investing in green property
Green building business: target country: India
The ecology of architecture : a complete guide to creating the environmentally conscious building
Life and living in low energy houses : study of technical solutions in low energy houses, satisfaction, lifestyle and changes for the residents
Green building : benefits from ecological building when attracting potential house builders to the area of Vuores
Ecological urbanism : [Ecological Urbanism Conference in spring 2009 at the Harvard Graduate School of Design]
Clean breaks : 500 new ways to see the world
Ekoasumisen kehityssuuntia = Development trends in ecological living
A safe and sustainable world : the promise of ecological design
Environmental integration : our common challenge
21st century sustainable homes
Earthship. Vol. 1, How to build your own
The eco-friendly house : green is beautiful
Conference proceedings : 15th international passive house conference 2011
Ecopolis : conceptual, methodological and practical implementations of urban ecology
The integrative design guide to green building : redefining the practice of sustainability
Sustainable communities : the potential for eco-neighbourhoods
Natural flair = Maisons de campagne = Ländliche Häuser
Eco-interiors : a guide to environmentally conscious interior design
The eco living handbook : a complete green guide for your home and life
Eco : an essential sourcebook for environmentally friendly design and decoration
The natural house book
Good housekeeping, the ecofriendly home : fresh ideas for a healthy home
Adobe and rammed earth buildings : design and construction
The natural house : a complete guide to healthy, energy-efficient, environmental homes
The idea for this thesis comes from the growing interest towards the area of green building. Therefore, the main objective of the thesis was to make the reader become more familiar with all the different concepts, relating to green building and to provide information about 'Vuores' as a project. The thesis is specifically made for an environmental project called Vuores and for its project manager named Arto Vuorijärvi, however others interested in this type of building, similar projects and environmental issues will also benefit from reading this.  One purpose of this Bachelors Thesis is to define what green building is and explain the different concepts in a way that a person who may be lacking the common knowledge will easily understand them. The theoretical part of the thesis describes the different areas included in green building; what has brought us to this environmental situation we are in; why is it necessary and what the benefits are. The practical part clearly explains the different phases of the building part itself, and tells about the matter in a more practical way.  Theories applied in this thesis come from a variation of different sources, as well as my own existing knowledge and ideas from the commissioner. The materials used consist of Internet sources, books and compendious materials received relating to the Vuores project. This report will cover the many different areas in green building and it has been done to showcase the potential homebuilder, all the benefits it has, compared to other building models, for example the opportunity to save money by focusing on reductions in cement, water, energy, waste and accidents etc.  I hope that in the future there will be the opportunity to go deeper into this subject and hopefully include it into a part of my career, because these are issues that will not fade. Instead the ideas behind 'going green' need to be developed further and new inventions need to be created.
Environmental values in Finnish community planning
Eco design outside : green outside the house
Ecovillages : lessons for sustainable community
Saving the planet without costing the earth : : 500 simple steps to a greener lifestyle
Environment and utopia : a synthesis
Manmade environment : new nordic scopes
In search of natural architecture
Handmade houses : a century of earth-friendly home design
Summary.
How to live off-grid : journeys outside the system
No impact man : saving the planet one family at a time
West of Eden : communes and utopia in northern California
The green city : sustainable homes, sustainable suburbs
Green economics : confronting the ecological crisis
Abstract:
Ecological houses
The green building bible : all you need to know about ecobuilding
Towards a sustainable city : the Viikki eco neighbourhood blocks 2000
Eco house book
Earth to spirit
The passive solar house
