http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14397 humanity (mental properties)
humanity (mental properties)
An introduction to human services
The nonhuman turn
The Blithedale romance
The rat with the human face
"Why does literature matter? What is its human value? Historical approaches to literature have for several decades prevailed over the idea that literary works can deepen our understanding of fundamental questions of existence. This book re-affirms literature's existential value by developing a new critical vocabulary for thinking about literature's human meaningfulness. It puts this vocabulary into practice through close reading of a wide range of literary works, from Shakespeare's A Midsummer Night's Dream to Don DeLillo's White Noise. Individual chapters discuss: Literature's engagement of the emotions; Literature's humanization of history; Literature's treatment of universals and particulars; The depth of reflection provoked by literary works; and Literature as a special kind of seeing and framing. The question at the heart of the volume, of why literature matters, makes this book relevant to all students and professors of literature." --Publisher's description.
Carnival wolves : [a novel]
No tech hacking : a guide to social engineering, dumpster diving, and shoulder surfing
Blindness : a novel
Technology vs. humanity : the coming clash between man and machine
Aviation psychology in practice
Be(com)ing human : semiosis and the myth of reason
The secret life of the brain
Human computer interaction : issues and challenges
Crisis management in acute care settings : human factors, team psychology, and patient safety in a high stakes environment
Human and nature minding automation : an overview of concepts, methods, tools and applications
Religious ethics and migration : doing justice to undocumented workers
Ten questions about human error : a new view of human factors and system safety
The art of happiness in the troubled world
Crossed. Volume 4
Becoming human : new perspectives on the inhuman condition
Serious accidents and human factors : breaking the chain of events leading to an accident : lessons learned from the aviation industry
The humans
Human factors in simple and complex systems
Human Technology : an Interdisciplinary Journal on Humans in ICT Environment
So you think you're human? : a brief history of humankind
Rethinking the human
The life and opinions of Tristram Shandy, gentleman
Human to human: H2H : there is no B2B and B2C
The human side of projects in modern business
In the name of humanity : the government of threat and care
Disability studies : enabling the humanities
Agriculture and food
The holiday makers : understanding the impact of leisure and travel
Crossed. Volume 2 : Family values
The long earth
Arctic perspectives : proceedings : the changing role of the United States in the Circumpolar North : a conference on U.S. Arctic policy
Human dignity, bioethics, and human rights
The rapture of the nerds
The human factor : revolutionizing the way we live with technology
Social work under pressure : how to overcome stress, fatigue and burnout in the workplace
The boundaries of humanity : humans, animals, machines
Design : the invention of desire
Crossed. Volume 1
From leader-centricity toward leadership : a hermeneutic narrative approach
Creating a world without poverty : social business and the future of capitalism
Valuing older people : a humanist approach to ageing
Crossed. Volume 5
The human question in science fiction television : (re)imagining humanity in Battlestar Galactica, Bionic Woman and V
The field guide to human error investigations
Humanness and dehumanization
Beyond human error : taxonomies and safety science
Kokoro no Katachi : the image of the heart
Sacrificing people : invasions of a tribal landscape
An introduction to human factors engineering
The wall
Being human : the problem of agency
Human reliability, error, and human factors in engineering maintenance : with reference to aviation and power generation
Species matters : humane advocacy and cultural theory
Charting the audience perceptions of projected 3D media installations
Investigating human error : incidents, accidents and complex systems
The fantastic flying books of Mr Morris Lessmore
Human factors in the maritime domain
Humanistic social work : core principles in practice
Edited by Richard Grusin of the Center for 21st Century Studies, this is the first book to name and characterize - and therefore consolidate - a wide array of current critical, theoretical, and philosophical approaches to the humanities and social sciences under the concept of the nonhuman turn. Each of these approaches is engaged in decentering the human in favor of a concern for the nonhuman, understood by contributors in a variety of ways - in terms of animals, affectivity, bodies, materiality, technologies, and organic and geophysical systems. The nonhuman turn in twenty-first-century studies can be traced to multiple intellectual and theoretical developments from the last decades of the twentieth century: actor-network theory, affect theory, animal studies, assemblage theory, cognitive sciences, new materialism, new media theory, speculative realism, and systems theory. Such varied analytical and theoretical formations obviously diverge and disagree in many of their assumptions, objects, and methodologies. However, they all take up aspects of the nonhuman as critical to the future of twenty-first-century studies in the arts, humanities, and social sciences. Unlike the posthuman turn, the nonhuman turn does not make a claim about teleology or progress in which we begin with the human and see a transformation from the human to the posthuman. Rather, the nonhuman turn insists (paraphrasing Bruno Latour) that "we have never been human," that the human has always coevolved, coexisted, or collaborated with the nonhuman - and that the human is identified precisely by this indistinction from the nonhuman.
Against happiness : in praise of melancholy
Body, soul and cyberspace in contemporary science fiction cinema : virtual worlds and ethical problems
Digital soul : intelligent machines and human values
Ethics and humanity : themes from the philosophy of Jonathan Glover
The map of meaning : a guide to sustaining our humanity in the world of work
Handbook of aviation human factors
Consecrated venom : the serpent and the tree of knowledge
The everyday life and bonds of the spousal care of the elderly.
Life and Opinions of Tristram Shandy, Gentleman
Crossed. Volume 3 : Psychopath
Humanizing IT : advice from experts
Literature and the human : criticism, theory, practice
What does it mean to be human? : a new interpretation of freedom in world history
The principle of natural naming in software documentation
Caring and well-being : a lifeworld approach
The winner of the Nobel Peace Prize outlines his vision for a new business model that combines the power of free markets with the quest for a more humane world--and he tells the inspiring stories of companies that are doing this work today. In the last two decades, free markets have swept the globe, bringing with them enormous potential for positive change. But traditional capitalism cannot solve problems like inequality and poverty, because it is hampered by a narrow view of human nature in which people are one-dimensional beings concerned only with profit. In fact, human beings have many other drives and passions, including the spiritual, the social, and the altruistic. Welcome to the world of social business, where the creative vision of the entrepreneur is applied to today's most serious problems: feeding the poor, housing the homeless, healing the sick, and protecting the planet.--From publisher description.
Communication and reconciliation : challenges facing the 21st century
"Body, Soul and Cyberspace explores how recent science-fiction cinema addresses questions about the connections between body and soul, virtuality, and the ways in which we engage with spirituality in the digital age. The book investigates notions of love, life and death, taking an interdisciplinary approach by combining cinematic themes with religious, philosophical and ethical ideas. Magerstädt argues how even the most spectacle-driven mainstream films such as Avatar, The Matrix and Terminator can raise interesting and important questions about the human self and our interaction with the world. Apart from these well-known science fiction epics, her analysis also draws on recent works, such as Inception, The Thirteenth Floor, eXistenZ, Aeon Flux, Total Recall (2012), Transcendence and TRON: Legacy. These films stimulate an engaging discussion on what makes us human, the role memory plays in understanding ourselves, and how virtual realities challenge the moral concepts that govern human relationships"--
What makes us human?
Sway : the irresistible pull of irrational behaviour
Critical theory and world politics : citizenship, sovereignty and humanity
Our practices, our selves, or, What it means to be human
The human factor : revolutionizing the way people live with technology
Holistic development of the Human Factor (HM) elements as the foundation of good leadership character and the key to success in transformational development
Human error in aviation
The robot's rebellion : finding meaning in the age of Darwin
The politics of human rights : a global perspective
Beast and man : the roots of human nature
The wisdom of generosity : a reader in American philanthropy
Managing risk : the human element
The Long earth
The human contribution : unsafe acts, accidents and heroic recoveries
