http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14345 historical legends
historical legends
Argumentation analysis in the study of narration
The Penguin book of lies
Performing remains : art and war in times of theatrical reenactment
The novel provides a detailed, episodic record of the two branches of the wealthy and aristocratic Jia (賈) clan—the Rongguo House (榮國府) and the Ningguo House (寧國府)—who reside in two large, adjacent family compounds in the capital. Their ancestors were made Dukes and given imperial titles, and as the novel begins the two houses are among the most illustrious families in the city. One of the clan's offspring was made an Imperial Consort, and a lush landscaped garden was built to receive her visit. The novel describes the Jias' wealth and influence in great naturalistic detail, and charts the Jias' fall from the height of their prestige, following some thirty main characters and over four hundred minor ones. Eventually the Jia clan falls into disfavor with the Emperor, and their mansions are raided and confiscated. -- Provided by publisher.
The enchantress of Florence : a novel
The ballad of Mulan
Tolk folk : Beregond, Bilbo and the rest of a Don's fans
Prester John : the legend and its sources
Cowboys, cops, killers, and ghosts : legends and lore in Texas
Le morte d'Arthur. [A graphic novel] : volume 1 : The coming of the king
The dream of red chamber
Mezolith. book 1
Little house on the prairie
Toward new perspectives in folklore
The lost gold mine of Juan Mondragón : a legend from New Mexico performed by Melaquías Romero
Inside the little house in the big woods live the Ingalls family: Ma, pa, Mary, Laura and baby Carrie. Outside the little house are the wild animals: the bears and the bees, the deer and the wolves. This is the classic tale of how they live in harmony mostly, but sometimes in fear.
Tales of prime ministers in ancient China
Mezolith. book 2, Stone age dreams and nightmares
Stardust : being a romance within the realms of faerie
Sons of heaven : stories of Chinese emperors through the ages
The second volume in Ben Haggarty and Adam Brockbank's stunning series of adventure set 10,000 years in the past. The Kansa tribe live on the eastern shores of Stone Age Britain, where danger is never far away. Step by step, Poika's journey into manhood continues-caught in a mesh of tribal hunts, gatherings, and feasts determined by the waxing and waning of thirteen moons. The boundary between the real and imagined worlds blur as more and more of the Kansa cosmology is revealed in the dreams, nightmares, and ancestral beauty of Mezolith.
Bewitching the duke
Folklore, boundaries and audience in The Pathfinder
First four years
By the shores of Silver Lake
Narratives of ethnicity : Karelian war legends
The mammoth book of historical whodunnits : brand new collection
The ballad of Mulan = Bai ca Moc Lan
Butterfly palace
Serbian dreambook : national imaginary in the time of Milošević
Tales from ancient worlds
Little town on the prairie
Kidnapping, infanticide, cannibalism : a legend from Swedish Finland
A dictionary of medieval heroes : characters in medieval narrative traditions and their afterlife in literature, theatre, and the visual arts
The adventures of King Arthur
This house is haunted
In the shadow of blackbirds
The rise and fall of the empires : war stories in ancient China
Myth and mentality : studies in folklore and popular thought
The gallant history of Bevis of Southampton
The woman who gave birth to rabbits
The classic guide to King Arthur
These happy golden years
Patterns of folklore
Shuihu Zhuan : (jiexuan) = Outlaws of the marsh : (condensed version)
The old stories : folk tales from East Anglia and the Fen Country
Was Napoleon poisoned? : and other unsolved mysteries of royal history
Identity, consciousness and the past : the South Asian scene
A catalogue of historical and local legends in the Folklore Archives of the Finnish Literature Society
The little stranger
Three elegies for Kosovo
Rashamon and seventeen other stories
Retelling the past : distance, voice, and time in the narrative shaping of history in Finland-Swedish legends of the Finnish war
Civil War veteran Bobby Hale journeys into the Plains Wars-stricken American West, discovering a sense of purpose through his encounters with Native Americans and settlers who scrabble for peace and survival / WorldCat.
The reluctant countess
The piano tuner
A dictionary of British folk-tales in the English language : incorporating the F. J. Norton collection. Part B, Folk legends. Vol. 2
Anóoshi lingit aaní ká = Russians in Tlingit America : the battles of Sitka, 1802 and 1804
The children's book
Catalogues of Finnish anecdotes and historical, local and religious legends
Far as the eye can see : novel
A Catholic martyr and Protestant heritage : a contested site of religiosity and its representation in contemporary Finland
Comic books as history : the narrative art of Jack Jackson, Art Spiegelman, and Harvey Pekar
Long winter
Puck of Pook's Hill
Little house in the big woods
King, poet, seer : aspects of the Celtic Wild Man legend in medieval literature
Remembering Nayeche and the gray bull Engiro : African storytellers of the Karamoja Plateau and the Plains of Turkana
This article examines how narrators of four historical legends construct their relation to the past through the use of particular narrative strategies. The do this by manipulating patterns of speech representation, allowing themselves to merge with history; and by focusing on memories embedded in the landscape and material traces of the past in the present..
My century
Vampire forensics : Uncovering the origins of an enduring legend
On the banks of Plum Creek
The solitary woman of Shakespeare
Ghosts! : the ultimate guide for ghost hunters
Daughters of time : an anthology from the history girls
Zhongguo wenhua lishi gushi = Highlights of Chinese culture and history
Summary: Evald Tang Kristensen's collections of legends on conflict between landlord and peasant in pre-industrial Denmark.
Taiping Guangji xuan = The selections from records of the Taiping era
Oral tradition and saga writing
Silencing the past : power and the production of history
The burning of Bridget Cleary : a true story
Yiheyuan changlang cai hua gushi = The stories behind the long corridor paintings at the Summer Palace
A transgression against the natural right of deaf people to use and develop sign language - the infamous Milan 1880 revolution - had created a turbulent legacy which exerts its influence to this day. There would never again be another Milan 1880. Or, so we thought... As this story begins, an unknown force calling itself Milan, inexplicably transforms the entire British deaf people into hearing people. And sign language is reduced to near extinction. Two of the deaf survivors, John and his ladyfriend Dawn, soon find themselves in fear of Milan's three hunters, led by the notorious female villain, Redlips. Dawn is captured by the hunters whilst John and the mysterious Ricard Cox, who has a "personal issue" with Redlips, conspire to search for, and retrieve the Talisman of Signs, sought also by Milan. John discovers that he is "The One" to use the talisman's power to destroy Milan before it achieves world domination with the destruction of deaf people, sign language and also a mystical place whics exists in closely-guarded secret. The battle to save them is on...
Remembering the year of the French : Irish folk history and social memory
Nordic folklore : recent studies
A kiss at midnight
The sweet and pleasant history of patient Grissel
The Masada myth : collective memory and mythmaking in Israel
Scandinavian folk belief and legend
Hunters in the snow
"We then went to England" : Shawnee storytelling and the Atlantic world
Blood meridian, or, The evening redness in the West
Matin tarina = Berättelsen om Matti = The story of Matti
The uninvited : a novel
Disney's Mulan
Shuihu Zhuan = Outlaws of the marsh
