http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14323 waste wood
waste wood
Gasification of waste preserved wood impregnated with toxic inorganic an/or organic chemicals : gasification tests with impregnated waste wood at the 5 MW Jalasjärvi gasification plant
Pressurized fluidized-bed gasification experiments with wood, peat and coal at VTT in 1991-1992. Part 1, Test facilities and gasification experiments with sawdust
Developing Biofuel Production from Food Industry Wastes in the Rural Area of Kenya.
Sustainable use of wood in construction
The MASSAHAKE method pulp chips and high-grade wood fuel from whole-tree chips
Lignocellulolytic enzymes profile of three Lentinula edodes (Berk.) Pegler strains during cultivation on eucalyptus bark-based medium
Organic emissions from co-combustion of RDF with wood chips and milled peat in a bubbling fluidized bed boiler
Experience for thermochemical gasification and direct combustion of vegetable biomass
Papermaking science and technology. Book 7, Recycled fiber and deinking
Bioconversion of forest and agricultural plant residues
Formation of organochlorine compounds in kraft pulp bleaching processes
Assessment of energy wood resources in Northwest Russia
Utilisation of gasification carbon residues : activation, characterisation and use as an adsorbent
Comparative characterization of bioenergy resources in Karelian and the Vladimir region (as a typical region of Russia) and possible ways of their utilization
Forestry statistics today for tomorrow 1961-1989 ... 2010 : wood and wood products = Forets statistiques aujourd'hui pour demain 1961-1989 ... 2010 : bois et produits du bois = Montes estadisticas ahora para mañana 1961-1989 ... 2010 : madera y productos de madera
Ecology of woody debris in boreal forests
Key to the Finnish forest industry [2000]
Phytoremediation
Peat and forest biomass as an energy source : Finnish experience : report on a study tour of the ECE/UNDP Inter-Vountry Project on International Co-operative Research on Low-Calorie-Value (LCV) Solid Fuel Technology
Recycling and long-range timber outlook
Technologies for converting biomass to useful energy
Utilization of impregnated waste wood for carbon sorbents production
Sustainable organic waste management in tree-seedling production
Oregon's forest products industry: 1992
Quantification of NH3 released from composting of garden waste
Practical applications for side-streams
Physicochemical studies regarding the utilization of wood- and peat-based fly ash
Peat and forest biomass as an energy source : Finnish experience : report on a study tour of the ECE/UNDP inter-country Project on International Co-operative Research on Low-Calorie-Value (LCV) Solid Fuel Technology
Energy potential of thinning residue from Loblolly pine (Pinus taeda) plantations in the state of Paraná, Brazil
The use of fish bile metabolite analyses as exposure biomarkers to pulp and paper mill effluents
The forgotten arts and crafts
Bioenergy in wood industry 2005, 12.-15.9.2005 : book of proceedings
Formation and control of trace metal emissions in co-firing of biomass, peat, and wastes in fluidised bed combustors
The handbook of biomass combustion and co-firing
Substance flow analysis in Finland : four case studies on N and P flows
Biomass as energy source : resources, systems and applications
Ecological impact of pulp mill effluents : Part 1: Physiological responses and effects on survival, growth and parasite frequency in fish exposed in mesocosms to treated total mill effluents from production of bleached kraft pulp (BKME), thermomechanical pulp and phytosterols. Part 2: Effects in Baltic Sea littoral mesocosms of externally treated effluents from production of chemical and thermomechanical pulp and pure phytosterols
Combined thermal treatment of CCA-wood waste and municipal sewage sludge for arsenic emissions control
Harvesting technology of forest residues for fuel in the USA and Finland
Utilization of residual forest biomass
"Providing a state of the art in the field of available and future biomass resources, energy systems using biomass and optimization and control of systems and processes. The book covers biomass resources globally, but also complex systems such as biorefineries, polygeneration and pulp and paper industry, as well as chemicals used as feedstocks for plastics. Other examples are using wood for textiles and food additives as nano-fibers. The contributing authors are highly-qualified researchers and engineers in different aspects of biomass utilization from most parts of the world"--
Interest in and incentives for material savings as external or internal functions in the Finnish paper industry
Water protection steps and waste water loading of pulp, paper and kraftline mills on the southern Lake Saimaa
Effects in mesocosms exposed to effluents from bleached hardwood kraft pulp mill. 1-2, Effects on survival, growth, parasites and physiological status in fish exposed in mesocosms to effluents from bleached hardwood pulp production. - Chemical characterization and effects in mesocosms of effluents from bleached hardwood kraft pulp production
"An important goal of the extended use of biomass is replacing fossil fuels. Potentially, all global energy needs can be covered with biomass if the utilization is efficient enough. This book provides the state of the art in the field of efficient conversion of biomass, covering most technical issues such as combustion, gasification, torrefaction, pyrolysis, pelletizing and biogasproduction. The book combines a thorough description of interesting new technologies and the basic principles and tools to be used in future process optimization work. The wide coverage of examples from all over the world will make the book important as a text book on the subject"--
Fuel oil quality properties of wood-based pyrolysis liquids
Composting of agricultural and other wastes
Wood fuel resources and bottlenecks of utilization in Baltic and Nordic countries
Forestry statistics today for tomorrow 1961-1991 ... 2010 : trees for life = Forets statistiques aujourd'hui pour demain 1961-1991 ... 2010 : l'arbre, source de vie = Montes estadisticas ahora para mañana 1961-1991 ... 2010 : el arbol, fuente de vida
The forest resources of the former European USSR
Inventory of sparse forest populations using adaptive cluster sampling
The wastewater gardener : preserving the planet one flush at a time!
Corrosivity of hot flue gases in the fluidized bed combustion of recovered waste wood
The environmental management of low-grade fuels
"There is a great deal of innovation in the use of wood in construction, from impressive modern buildings to new construction products that reduce build times and improve building performance. As a renewable resource with proven low embodied energy, wood is both an environmentally responsible and a highly practical choice as a construction material. However, forest management practices vary throughout the world: some are highly effective in delivering a sustainable, long term supply of timber; whereas others are less so, and could result in forest depletion and significant environmental degradation. Against this background, a number of certification schemes have been developed that seek to ensure that all timber is harvested from sources that are at least legally-sourced, and at best, sustainably managed. Sustainable Use of Wood in Construction explains how and why wood may be grown sustainably, and how this versatile material can be specified and - most importantly - sourced, for use in the construction industry. It explains the modern regulatory framework within Europe that seeks to eliminate the use of illegally-harvested wood, and it shows how to ensure that everyone who sells or uses wood for construction is following the rules. Finally, the book explains how, at the end of its first use in construction, wood can be recycled, by reprocessing into another wood-based construction material, or by using it as biomass. "--
Key to the Finnish forest industry
Biological waste water treatment in the Finnish pulp and paper industry
Proceedings of the International Symposium on Greenhouse 2010 and Soilless Cultivation : Lisbon, Portugal August 22-27, 2010
The biomass assessment handbook : bioenergy for a sustainable environment
An assessment of the fluidised bed combustion of chipped forestry waste
Characteristics of soil-to-plant transfer of elements relevant to radioactive waste in boreal forest
Emerging technologies for materials and chemicals from biomass : developed from a symposium sponsored by the Cellulose, Paper, and Textile Division at the 200th National Meeting of the American Chemical Society, Washington, D.C., August 26-31, 1990
Influence of decaying birch logs to Scots pine mycorrhizae at clear-cutted ploughed sizes in northern Finland
The use and formation of CPs, PCPPs and PCDDs/PCDFs in mechanical and chemical wood processing industries
The self-sufficient life and how to live it : the complete back-to-basics guide
The main aim of the European Union's waste legislation and the corresponding Finnish waste legislation is to reduce the production of waste. Further, the aims of the European Union's growth strategy are to reduce the production of greenhouse gases, increase the use of renewable energy, and improve energy efficiency. According to the renewed Waste Tax Act, a waste tax has to be paid on all fly ashes that are deposited in landfills in Finland. A large amount of wood- and peat-based fly ashes are formed annually in Finland, and the amount is likely to increase in the future due to the increasing use of renewable energy. Previously, these ashes have mainly been deposited in industrial landfills, but the need to utilize the fly ashes has increased recently due to changes in waste legislation.In this thesis, several issues related to the utilization of wood- and peat-based fly ash were studied, with the general objective of improving the utilization potential of such ashes.As the first stage of this research, the suitability of willow ash for use as a fertilizer was studied. Willow ash would be well suited for use as a fertilizer due to its very high nutrient content. However, cadmium, a heavy metal, was found to be enriched in the ashes of the studied willow species. Due to this, special attention should be paid when choosing willow species for energy production.In the second stage of the research, the possibility of improving the strength development of wood- and peat-based fly ashes, as well as the possibility of stabilizing fly ash containing high amounts of heavy metals via the addition of cement and/or alkali activation, was investigated. Strength development was found to be dependent on the amount of reactive calcium and the ratio between that amount of reactive calcium and the sum of the reactive silicon, aluminum, and sulfur (Ca/(Si + Al + S)). The studied methodsperformed well in terms of stabilizing barium, copper, lead, and zinc.During the next stage, the effect of different chemical digestion methods, which are regulated by the Finnish waste legislation, on the utilization potential of fly ash was studied. The digestion method had a significant impact on the results of the potassium content analysis, which could affect the possibility of using fly ash as a fertilizer.As the final stage of the research, the co-granulation of ash with sewage sludge and lime was studied. From a technical point of view, the co-granulation was successful, although the compressive strength of the granules was low. Additionally, an insufficient nitrogen content was achieved with a sludge addition of 20-40 weight%.
Sawdust combustion residues from a converted wanderrost boiler : composition, treatment, leaching properties and mineralogy
Radioactivity and wildlife
Risukasasta löytyi öljylähde = A new billion-euro business discovered in forests
Bioenergy Days 2001 : 13.-14.11.2001 Helsingin Fair Centre, Finland
Practical self sufficiency : the complete guide to sustainable living
Design of a storage silo and a conveying mechanism for wood waste
