http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14334 feminist pedagogy
feminist pedagogy
Personal and political : feminisms, sociology and family lives
Research methodologies for drama education
The struggle for pedagogies : critical and feminist discourses as regimes of truth
Luce Irigaray : teaching
Teaching gender in social work : teaching with gender. European women's studies in international and interdisciplinary classrooms
Luce Irigaray: Teaching explores ways to confront new issues in education. Three essays by Irigaray herself present the outcomes of her own experiments in this area and develop proposals for teaching people how to coexist in difference, reach self-affection, and rethink the relations between teachers and students. In the last few years, Irigaray has brought together young academics from various countries, universities and disciplines, all of whom were carrying out research into her work. These research students have received personal instruction from Irigaray and at the same time have learnt from one another by sharing with the group their own knowledge and experience. Most of the essays in this book are the result of this dynamic way of learning that fosters rigour in thinking as well as mutual respect for differences. The central themes of the volume focus on five cultural fields: methods of recovery from traumatic personal or cultural experience; the resources that arts offer for dwelling in oneself and with the other(s); the maternal order and feminine genealogy; creative interpretation and embodiment of the divine; and new perspectives in philosophy. This innovative collaborative project between Irigaray and researchers involved in the study of her work gives a unique insight into the topics that have occupied this influential international theorist over the last thirty years.
Knowledge, experience, and ruling relations : studies in the social organizations of knowledge
Teaching visual culture in an interdisciplinary classroom : feminist (re)interpretations of the field
Feminist pedagogy in higher education : critical theory and practice
Feminisms and educational research
Telling women's lives : narrative inquiries in the history of women's education
Feminisms in education : an introduction
Teaching gender, diversity and urban space : an intersectional approach between gender studies and spatial disciplines
This book is a complete introduction for all educators who want to understand the techniques, theories and methods of teaching today. It explores the issues that underpin teaching, offering fresh insights with a broad multidisciplinary perspective. It will help teachers at all levels to understand the techniques that they can call upon at different times and situations, and will help to develop more effective teaching practice. This fully updated second edition contains new material on e-moderating and its implications for teaching theory, issues surrounding discipline, and the ethical dimensions of teaching. "The Theory and Practice of Teaching" will be of interest to anyone wanting to develop a deep understanding of the key themes and latest developments in teaching, and is an ideal companion volume to "The Theory and Practice of Learning."
Pedagogy and praxis in the age of empire : towards a new humanism
Teaching with the third wave : new feminists' explorations of teaching and institutional contexts
Intersections : feminisms/early childhood
Meeting the challenge is the first guidebook to implement feminist teaching methods in a variety of clasroom, university and community settings. Readers will discover how to create classroom environments that are receptive to antiracist and feminist teaching and how innovative classroom practises can subvert the typical institutional and community brriers to social change.
Young black women bear all the hallmarks of a fundamentally unequal society. They do well at school, contribute to society, are good efficient workers yet, as a group they consistently fail to secure the economic status and occupational prestige they deserve. This book presents a serious challenge to the widely held myth that young black women consistently underachieve both at school and in the labour market. In a comparative study of research and writig from America, Britain and the Caribbean Young, Female and Black re-examines our present understanding of what is meant by educational underachievement, the black family and, in particular, black womanhood in Britain.
Feminist pedagogy : looking back to move forward
Dorothy Smith is considered one of the most original sociologists and theorists of our time, and her writings have attracted much attention in Europe and the US as well as in Canada. This collection of original essays, written by scholars who worked or studied with Smith, exemplifies Smith's approach to social analysis. Each author takes an empirical approach. Some analyse texts (the maps and documents of land-use planning, photographs, an influential history of British India, reports of a task force on battered women); some draw on interviews (with clerical workers, with Japanese corporate wives), while others (an AIDS activist, a teacher of adult literacy, a social worker) reflect on personal experiences. In each case we are introduced to specific themes in Smith's approach. The essays put Smith's method to work in diverse ways and in the process offer intriguing insights into their topics. This tribute to Smith's empowering contribution as a thinker and teacher reveals how empirical studies can illuminate concepts usually presented in the abstract. As the first compilation of applications of Smith's methodology, this is a landmark work in the developing field of the social organization of knowledge.
Teaching with love : a feminist approach to early childhood education
Feminist engagements : reading, resisting, and revisioning male theorists in education and cultural studies
Teaching subjectivity : travelling selves for feminist pedagogy
Subject to fiction : women teachers' life history narratives and the cultural politics of resistance
This timely book takes stock of past and present feminist educational thinking and practice in Britain. It is the range and clarity of the descriptions of past feminist activities in education, combined with the complexities of contemporary feminist ideas,that make this book essential reading for a wide range of people. Wienr's style is direct and intellectually interactive.
The SAGE handbook of communication and instruction
The theory and practice of teaching
Meeting the challenge : innovative feminist pedagogies in action
Teaching empires : gender and transnational citizenship in Europe
Sage handbook of gender and education
Young, female and black
The theory & practice of teaching
Composing feminism(s) : how feminists have shaped composition theories and practices
In this new collection, contributors from a variety of disciplines provide a critical context for the relationship between feminist pedagogy and academic feminism by exploring the complex ways that critical perspectives can be brought into the classroom. Feminist Pedagogy in Higher Education discusses the processes employed to engage learners by challenging them to ask tough questions and craft complex answers, wrestle with timely problems and posit innovative solutions, and grapple with ethical dilemmas for which they seek just resolutions. Diverse experiences, interests, and perspectives—together with the various teaching and learning styles that participants bring to twenty-first-century universities—necessitate inventive and evolving pedagogical approaches, and these are explored from a critical perspective. The contributors collectively consider the implications of the theory/practice divide, which remains central within academic feminism's role as both a site of social and gender justice and as a part of the academy, and map out some of the ways in which academic feminism is located within the academy today.
Teaching intersectionality : putting gender at the centre
Feminist researchers learning to teach : a Finnish case of university pedagogy in women's studies
