http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14354 copy protection
copy protection
Anite Finland Ltd. is a Finnish based company providing a full range of software and hardware solutions for the mobile network testing. The Nemo product portfolio consists of several products from handheld measurement tools all the way to the powerful data analysing server solutions. The main customers are mobile operators all around the world. Anti-piracy and copy protecting is a serious business, as there are skilful people trying to break the copy protections for illegal income or to gain reputation among the hacker scene. This is where the well-functioning licensing tool comes to question. In this document, licensing is a synonym for copy protection. Regarding the mobile device products, it was decided that the previous licensing method was outdated and was not flexible enough for use of today. There was a serious need for a faster and more efficient way of creating multiple licenses. When having classified data, it is mandatory to have it encrypted. There are several ways of encrypting the data but some algorithms have gained reputation over others. There are two main categories in data encryption; symmetric and asymmetric encryption. In the symmetric encryption, the same key is used for data encryption and for decryption. The most common symmetric encryption algorithm today is the Advanced Encryption Standard (AES), which utilizes Rijndael-algorithm. In the asymmetric encryption, there are two different keys called the private key and the public key. One key is used for encryption and the other key is used for decryption. One of the most well performing asymmetric encryption algorithms is the RSA. Cloud services and cloud computing are making their way to the everyday use in the software development business. All major service providers, including Microsoft, Google and Amazon are providing their own solutions for each cloud computing service layers. The “Platform as a Service” (PaaS) -layer is an effective combination of outsourced computing power with a rather flexible software development environment. The Google App Engine is Google’s version of PaaS, and it is available for free and it offers development tools for Python, Java, PHP and Go.
From innovation to cash flows : value creation by structuring high technology alliances
Information Doesn't Want to Be Free takes on the state of copyright and creative success in the digital age. Can small artists still thrive in the Internet era? Can giant record labels avoid alienating their audiences? This is a book about the pitfalls and the opportunities that creative industries (and individuals) are confronting today -- about how the old models have failed or found new footing, and about what might soon replace them. Information Doesn't Want to Be Free offers a guide to the ways creativity and the Internet interact today, and to what might be coming next.
Digital rights management : is the music industry alienating the consumer?
Information doesn't want to be free : laws for the internet age
Copyright and education : a study of the restrictions of use of protected material in the digital world
Digital Right Management : Is the Music Industry Alienating the Consumer?
Digital rights management : is the music industry alienting the consumer?
