http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14349 gendered processes
gendered processes gendered practices
"To not die alone" : kinship, love and life cycle in contemporary Havana, Cuba
Gendered structures and processes in primary teacher education - challenge for gender-sensitive pedagogy
Occupational segregation during the 1980s and 1990s - the case of Finnish manufacturing
This book is the fourth production from the ESREA Gender network and the third in the ESREA Sense bookseries. Once more, there is an opportunity for readers to gain a better understanding of questions related to gender and adult learning from researchers deeply involved in this specific field of adult education. The notion of informal learning has already been treated as a chapter in the 2003 book, but it becomes central and relevant in this new book with the growing complexity of our society. The editors emphasise private world(s)s in the book title, but the content of the book proves that informal learning processes, aside from the self, are combined with contextual opportunities, which have been chosen or not. Their introduction covers the essential concepts of gender and informal learning. The contributors enlighten the debate with their geographical diversity all over Europe, but also with their diverse theoretical systems of references to the diverse social contexts that have been analysed. The first part of this book, entitled private spheres, presents and analyses painful gendered discriminations and injustices. We cant escape to the emotions it evokes, from the soldiers after the war to mens breast cancer: both relate to men and the specificity of their suffering. This is an interesting and quite new opportunity to question gender. In the second part related to minorities and activism, we discover groups who learn through their organised fight against discriminations. Emotions give way to a positive energy when we discover the strategies that feminists, or migrants or also retired men find to question the society in which they live. The authors show us not only what is learned by such communities, but also what their environment can learn from them. The last part of the book leads us to different contexts of informal learning, mostly related to opportunities and obstacles in education and work situations. Community training, social work studies, scientists work and management school are the contexts chosen to clarify stereotypes and the discrimination along the lifespan for women. From East to West and North to South of Europe, it seems once more that the debate presents a lot of similarities. This book can be considered as original in its area and useful, mostly because it presents a mixture of sadness and hope within gendered learning processes. In this book, it seems that men take their place in the gender debate and its analysis with a new vision of the male realities. More than anything else, this book is a reminder of what has to be done in our society, specifically in adult education, to imagine and to create better pathways, conditions and issues to respect all learners, women as well as men. --
Ageing apparatuses at work : transdisciplinary negotiations of sex, age and materiality
The brutal rape of a young woman on a bus in Delhi in 2012 lit a spark of outrage across the world. Young women marched in protest, urging recognition of the rights of women and greater gender equality. This book emerges in response to the young woman's subsequent death and the protests which followed. The contributors have come together to present a detailed analysis of the position of women in South Asia, the issue of violence and the long struggle for gender equality. They analyze violence in a number of countries and examine the courage and bravery of the many women who are fighting for justice.
Marriage migration and skills : narratives of Latvian women in Finland
Men of the world : genders, globalizations, transnational times
Current issues in Women's History
Difficult but doable : good practices for equality work
Limits of meritocracy : how fields of study and gender segregation affect social stratification in Finland
In Neoliberal Bodies and the Gendered Fat Body, Hannele Harjunen claims that neoliberal economic policy and rationale are enmeshed with conceptions of body, gender, and health in a profound way in contemporary western culture. She explores the relationships between fatness, health, and neoliberal discourse and the role of economic policy in the construction of the (gendered) fat body, and examines how neoliberal discourses join patriarchal and biomedical constructions of the fat female body. In neoliberal culture the fat body is not just the unhealthy body one finds in medical discourse, but also the body that is costly, unproductive and inefficient, failing in the crucial task of self-management. With an emphasis on how neoliberal governmentality, in its many forms, affects the fat body and contributes to its vilification, this book is essential reading for scholars of feminist thought, sociology, cultural studies and social theory with interests in the body, gender and the effects of neoliberal discourse on social attitudes.
Johdanto (s. 9-10).
Young people and gendered media messages
The weight of images : affect, body image and fat in the media
The decline of men : how the American male is getting axed, giving up, and flipping off his future
Gender in motion : divisions of labor and cultural change in late imperial and modern China
Gendered domains : rethinking public and private in women's history : essays from the 7th Berkshire Conference on the History of Women, Wellesley College, 1987
The ambiguity of gendered religion
An ethnographic study of women's small ICT business in Finland
"Gender and Political Culture in Early Modern Europe investigates the gendered nature of political culture across early modern Europe by exploring the relationship between gender, power, and political authority and influence. This collection offers a rethinking of what constituted 'politics' and a reconsideration of how men and women operated as part of political culture. It demonstrates how underlying structures could enable or constrain political action, and how political power and influence could be exercised through social and cultural practices"--Provided by publisher.
Gendering citizenship in Western Europe : new challenges for citizenship research in a cross-national context
Summarising introduction (s. 11-12).
Abstract: Measuring a child's body and parenting : interpretations of a healthy child and "good" and "bad" parenthood in contemporary Finland.
Gender, sexuality and museums : a Routledge reader
Changing gendered practices : a PAR project within an academic work community
Global perspectives on gender and work : readings and interpretations
"And then all of the sudden, you're still here with bad Finnish" : American women's narratives of cultural adjustment in Finland
The ordinary images : a study on stock photography and gender
The post-Fordist sexual contract : working and living in contingency
Intimate labors : cultures, technologies, and the politics of care
Gender, war and peace : breaking up the borderlines
Gender in the music industry : rock, discourse, and girl power
A companion to gender history
Private world(s) : gender and informal learning of adults
The Ugly Laws : disability in public
Brides and knights of Christ : gender and body in later medieval German mysticism
In this vivid reconstruction of life in a seventeenth-century gentry household, the authors delve into the details of everyday life: how did a large, wealthy household in the English countryside acquire the goods and services it needed and wanted? Was household consumption an exclusively female sphere, or did men play an important role, too?
The sexual paradox : men, women and the real gender gap
Why are women more religious than men?
Gendering the European Union : new approaches to old democratic deficits
Feminist strategies in international governance
Ageing apparatuses at work : transdisciplinary negotiations of sex, age and materiality : enclosed articles
Consumer trust in e-commerce : a feminist ethnographic study
This edited collection contributes to the theoretical literature on social reproduction defined by Marx as the necessary labor to arrive the next day at the factory gate and extended by feminist geographers and others into complex understandings of the relationship between paid labor and the unpaid work of daily life.
Precarious worlds : contested geographies of social reproduction
Gendered history of (vocational) education : European comparisons
Gendered practices in working life
Summary: Horizons in craft.
Revolution at point zero : housework, reproduction, and feminist struggle
Sukupuolitetut rajat = gendered borders and boundaries
Gendered media : women, men, and identity politics
Sex segregation and inequality in the modern labour market
The research presented in this volume is very recent, and the general approach is that of rethinking popular musicology: its purpose, its aims, and its methods. Contributors to the volume were asked to write something original and, at the same time, to provide an instructive example of a particular way of working and thinking. The essays have been written with a view to helping graduate students with research methodology and the application of relevant theoretical models. The team of contributors is an exceptionally strong one: it contains many of the pre-eminent academic figures involved in popular musicological research, and there is a spread of European, American, Asian, and Australasian scholars. The volume covers seven main themes: Film, Video and Multimedia; Technology and Studio Production; Gender and Sexuality; Identity and Ethnicity; Performance and Gesture; and, Reception and Scenes and The Music Industry and Globalization. "The Ashgate Research Companion" is designed to offer scholars and graduate students a comprehensive and authoritative state-of-the-art review of current research in a particular area. The companion's editor brings together a team of respected and experienced experts to write chapters on the key issues in their speciality, providing a comprehensive reference to the field.
Parental leave for fathers? : gendered conceptions and practices in families with young children in Finland
Abstract: Gendered and oppressive discourses of disability : social-discursive perspective on disability.
Contributed articles.
The weight of images : affective engagements with fat corporeality in the media
Gender and political culture in early modern Europe, 1400-1800
Consumption and gender in the early seventeenth-century household : the world of Alice Le Strange
What men don't tell women about business : opening up the heavily guarded alpha male playbook
A cautionary analysis of the state of American manhood contends that today's men are losing jobs, forfeiting their educations, and leading increasingly single and isolated lives in their preference for recreational and virtual existences.
A woman takes little space : 54th International Art Exhibition - La Biennale di Venezia
Genre, gender, race and world cinema : an anthology
Women and fat : approaches to the social study of fatness
Equal practices in education, guidance and working life
Abstract: "I am not a man nor a woman, I am a reporter" : gender and the profession of reporters in the 1960s and 1970s Finland.
Women's work is never done : comparative studies in caregiving, employment, and social policy reform
Abstract: Gendered political representation in Finland.
Sexualizing of economic discourse in a Finnish daily newspaper of the 1990s
The Ashgate research companion to popular musicology
Gendered practices in working life : project outline, October 1990
Diverting the flow : gender equity and water in South Asia
Increasing girls' interest in technology education as a way to advance women in technology
Inventing Women explores important and controversial debates about the gendering of science and technology and their relationship to women. This book discusses how such gendering occurs, the scientific basis for claims of sex difference, the medicalization of women's bodies and the political issues raised by reproductive technology. The book also examines women as producers of science and technology, both as professional scientists and as unskilled workers. It concludes by looking at women as consumers of technology and science - domestic technology and computers - and at their relationship with Nature. Inventing Women raises the question of whether feminism can produce not only a critique of science and technology, but a new feminist science and technology, and the systems and artefacts that go with it. This volume includes contributions which represent some of the best feminist scholarship in their fields. It can be used as a textbook and it will appeal to a wide audience in feminism and women's studies, sociology, education, science and technology, and medicine and health.
To not die alone : kinship, love and life cycle in contemporary Havana, Cuba
Inventing women : science, technology and gender
The culture of women's housework : a case study of Bihar, India
Masculinities without men? : female masculinity in twentieth-century fictions
Gender & generation : interdiciplinary perspectives & intersections
Gendered positioning : addressing gendered power and cultural discourses in therapeutic conversations
Striking a balance : housewife in a career-woman's pantsuit : The modern Indian woman and gendered meanings of cultural capital
Gendering the fertility decline in the Western world
Gendered innovations : how gender analysis contributes to research : report of the expert group "Innovation through Gender"
The struggle for women's rights and to overcome gender oppression has long engaged the efforts of inter-governmental and non-governmental organizations. Feminist Strategies in International Governance provides a new introduction to the contemporary forms of this struggle. It brings together the voices of academics and practitioners to reflect in particular on the effectiveness of human rights strategies and gender mainstreaming. It covers three international issue areas in which feminists currently seek change: women's human rights and violence against women; the participation of women in peace-making and their protection during conflict; and the gendered effects of development, economic and financial governance. The book combines a critical reflection on the current state of feminist politics with an introduction to urgent issues on the contemporary international agenda. In addition, the book draws on innovative conceptualizations from constructivism in international relations, legal anthropology and discourse theory to provide new framings of current feminist struggles. Offering an accessible guide to the engendering of international governance and examining the challenges for international feminist politics in the future, this work will be of great interest to students and scholars of international organizations, gender politics and global governance.
Visual genders, visual histories : a special issue of Gender & history
Gender matters - a manual on addressing gender-based violence affecting young people
Endowed : regulating the male sexed body
Gendered structures and processes in primary teacher education : challenge for gender-sensitive pedagogy
Current issues in women's history
Neoliberal bodies and the gendered fat body
Gender-based occupational segregation in the 1990s
Women, political struggles and gender equality in South Asia
Assemblages and swing-arounds : nomadic writings on the becoming of a research (and the gender agreement of craft).
