http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1433 matter
matter
Combined compendium of food additive specifications : all specifications monographs from the 1st to the 65th meeting (1956-2005). Vol. 4, Analytical methods, test procedures and laboratory solutions used by and referenced in the food additive specifications
VEGF-B as a target for cancer therapy : characterization of monoclonal antibodies towards VEGF-B and generation of VEGF-B expressing tumour cell lines
The interstellar medium in galaxies
Extensions of the standard model scalar sector and constraints from ccolliders and cosmology
Cloning of a cDNA for human agrin and generation of antisera against recombinant human agrin
Radiation and matter interaction in strong magnetic field of accreting neutron stars
Observational molecular astronomy : exploring the universe using molecular line emissions
Herbal principles in cosmetics : properties and mechanisms of action
Dust and chemistry in astronomy
Dark matter : College Park, MD, October, 1994
Physics, Chemistry, and Dynamics of Interplanetary Dust : proceedings of the 150th Colloquium of the International Astronomical Union held in Gainsville, Florida, USA, 14-18 August 1995
The Minnesota lectures on extragalactic neutral hydrogen : a series on lectures presented at the University of Minnesota, Minneapolis, Minnesota from 27 March 1994 to 2 June 1994
The Feynman lectures on physics. Vol. 2, [Mainly electromagnetism and matter]
The impact of chemical pre-treatments of fibre fractions on paper properties
Combinations of titanium dioxide and fillers in paints
Testing the rational expectations competitive storage hypothesis
Biohydrogen : for future engine fuel demands
Astrophysics : nuclear transformations, stellar interiors, and nebulae
Advanced solid fuel characterization for reactivity and physical property comparison
Matter and mind : a philosophical inquiry
The mystery of matter
The dark matter problem : a historical perspective
The nature of matter : understanding the physical world
Medium speed engine application of a piezo electric actuated fuel injection valve
The structure of matter : a survey of modern physics
Astrochemistry : from molecular clouds to planetary systems : proceedings of the 197th Symposium of the International Astronomical Union held in Sogwipo, Cheju, Korea, 23-27 August 1999
Converting a 90 ́s Nissan 200SX into a Flexible Fuel Vehicle.
Extragalactic gas at low redshift : proceedings of a workshop held at Carnegie Observatories, Pasadena, California, USA, 4-6 April 2001
The chemically controlled cosmos : astronomical molecules from the Big Bang to exploding stars
USDA/FSIS Microbiology laboratory guidebook. Chapter 33, Detection of antimicrobial residues in meat and poultry tissue by screen tests
New perspectives on the interstellar medium : proceedings of a conference held at Naramata, British Columbia, Canada 22-28 August, 1998
Biohydrogen production : a protein to community level perspective study
Future transport power sources : executive summary
Crystallization as a tool for controlling and designing properties of pharmaceutical solids
Baltic Sea Maritime Safety Programme
Handbook of hydrogen storage : new materials for future energy storage
Design of an Intelligent Protection Shield
Protostars and planets III
Material falsity and error in Descartes' Meditations
Interplanetary Lyman alpha measurements as a tool to study solar wind properties
Optical and infrared spectroscopy of circumstellar matter : proceedings of a workshop held in honor of the 65th birthday of Josef Solf at the Thüringer Landessternwarte Tautenburg, Tautenburg, Germany, 10-12 March 1999
Comparison of wood based energy related policies in Russia and Finland : case study of the Republic of Karelia and North Karelia
Dust in the galactic environment
Rotor pilot project on M/S Estraden of Bore fleet
Our universe via Drexler dark matter : Drexler dark matter created and explains dark energy, top-down cosmology, inflation, accelerating cosmos, stars, galaxies, cosmic web
Nordic nutrition recommendations 2012 : integrating nutrition and physical activity
The limits of matter : chemistry, mining, and Enlightenment
Chemistry in space : Proceedings of the NATO Advanced Study Institute on Chemistry in space, Erice, Sicily, Italy, May 10-20, 1989
Human placental perfusion as a model to study fetal exposure
Is the universe open or closed?
Principles of inorganic materials design
Developing glutamatergic connectivity in the hippocampus : the role of tonically active kainate receptors
Microalgal cultivation and utilization in sustainable energy production
Implications of dark matter In supersymmetric models
Construction of nuclear power and extension to a final disposal repository for spent nuclear fuel
Stability and secular heating of galactic discs
A large number of low-income less-developed countries are dependent on just a few primary commodities for their export earnings. Reliance on primary commodities is particularly hazardous given the extreme behaviour and poor visibility of commodity prices. Rational expectations competitive storage theory postulates that commodity prices are determined by expected futures prices, commodity stocks and the cost of carry. This paper uses a rich data set gathered primarily from the London Metal Exchange to test for the empirical application of the theory. In-sample analysis provides support for the theory whilst the out-of sample-results cast doubt concerning practical efficacy.
Stellar population synthesis : the effect of improved Asymptotic Giant Branch models and of interstellar dust on mass-to-light-color relations
Patterns of dry matter partitioning and 14C-photosynthate allocation in 1.5-year-old Scots pine seedlings
Observations of distant supernovae and cosmological implications
Analysis of Cosmetic Products advises the reader from an analytical chemistry perspective on the choice of suitable analytical methods for production monitoring and quality control of cosmetic products. In the format of an easy-to-understand compendium of published literature on the subject, this book will enable people working in the cosmetic industry or in research laboratories to: * become familiar with the main legislative and analytical literature on this subject and  * learn about and choose suitable analytical procedures for production monitoring and control of cosmetic p
Aquinas and the Ship of Theseus : solving puzzles about material objects
"Kirk-Othmer Chemical Technology of Cosmetics provides information on key topics related to cosmetic and personal care products including natural products, ingredients, formulation technology, and regularoy aspects"--
Galaxy interactions at low and high redshift : proceedings of the 186th symposium of the International Astronomical Union, held at Kyoto, Japan, 26-30 August 1997
The physics of the interstellar medium and intergalactic medium : A meeting in honor of professor George B. Field, EIPC, Marciana Marina, Isola d'Elba, Italy 20-24 June, 1994
Pigment compendium : a dictionary and optical microscopy of historical pigments
Potential itilization ways of recovered chemical products from digestate
The effect of size and structure of filler particles on paper properties
The evolution of linear energy density perturbations in the early universe
Star formation, galaxies and the interstellar medium : Proceedings of the 4th EIPC Astrophysical Workshop held at the Elba International Physics Center, Marciana Marina, Elba Island, Italy, June 1-6, 1992
Chemical and physical behavior of human hair
Stars and stellar systems : compendium of astronomy and astrophysics. 7, Nebulae and interstellar matter
The first generation biodiesel : the effects of raw material on physical properties, oxidation stability and emissions
Fuel flexible energy generation : solid, liquid and gaseous fuels
Nutrition for foodservice and culinary professionals
Dark-matter detection by LSP scattering
Relationships between active galactic nuclei and starburst galaxies : Proceedings of the Taipei astrophysics workshop, Academia Sinica, Taipei, Taiwan, Republic of China, 25-30 March 1991
"Dark matter is among the most important open problems in modern physics. Aimed at graduate students and researchers, this book describes the theoretical and experimental aspects of the dark matter problem in particle physics, astrophysics and cosmology. Featuring contributions from 48 leading theorists and experimentalists, it presents many aspects, from astrophysical observations to particle physics candidates, and from the prospects for detection at colliders to direct and indirect searches. The book introduces observational evidence for dark matter along with a detailed discussion of the state-of-the-art of numerical simulations and alternative explanations in terms of modified gravity. It then moves on to the candidates arising from theories beyond the Standard Model of particle physics, and to the prospects for detection at accelerators. It concludes by looking at direct and indirect dark matter searches, and the prospects for detecting the particle nature of dark matter with astrophysical experiments. -- Describes the theoretical and experimental aspects of the dark matter problem -- Presents observations, theory and experiments to give a complete and consistent understanding of dark matter -- Features contributions from leading experts in the field"--Provided by publisher.
Two views on interstellar dust : near-infrared scattering and polarized thermal dust emission
Molecules in astrophysics: probes and processes : proceedings of the 178th symposium of the International Astronomical Union, held in Leiden, The Netherlands, July 1-5, 1996
Earth and reveries of will : an essay on the imagination of matter
Combined compendium of food additive specifications : all specifications monographs from the 1st to the 65th meeting (1956-2005). Vol. 1-3, Food additives
Mesoporous silica- and silicon-based materials as carriers for poorly water soluble drugs
Something there : the biology of the human spirit
Studies of the star-forming structures in the dense interstellar medium : a view by dust extinction
Hitsaus = Welding. 7, Hitsausaineiden testaus = Testing of welding consumables
The 4% universe : dark matter, dark energy, and the race to discover the rest of reality
Building structures
Infrared properties of dust in interstellar clouds
Tetons 4 : galactic structure, stars, and the interstellar medium : proceedings of a conference held at Jackson Lake Lodge, Grand Teton National Park, Wyoming, Usa, 28 May - 1 June 2000
Dark matter and baryogenesis in Higgs portal models
From stardust to planetesimals : synposium held as a part of the 108th Annual Meeting of the Astronomical Society of the Pacific held at Santa Clara, California, 24-26 June 1996 ; nceited by Yvonne J Pendleton and A. G. G. M. Tielens with the editorial assistance of Maureen L. Savage
Light from dark matter : hidden dimensions, supersymmetry, and inert higgs
Carbon monoxide emission, optical extinction and polarization in nearby molecular clouds
Molecular line studies of star forming regions, dense cores and cometary globules
Eating for beauty
Molecular hydrogen in space
Finite element analysis of beam-to-beam contact
The effects of various precipitation chemicals on the properties of alumna-based hydroxides
Improvement of xylose fermentation of Saccharomyces cerevisiae
The spiritual technology of ancient Egypt : sacred science and the mystery of consciousness
Stars and stellar systems : compendium of astronomy and astrophysics. 7, Nebulae and interstellar matter : edited by Barbara M. Middlehurst and Lawrence H. Aller
Asymmetrical planetary nebulae II : from origins to microstructures : proceedings of a conference held at Massachusetts, USA, 3-6 August 1999
"The book introduces observational evidence for dark matter along with a detailed discussion of the state-of-the-art of numerical simulations and alternative explanations in terms of modified gravity. It then moves on to the candidates arising from theories beyond the Standard Model of particle physics, and to the prospects for detection at accelerators. It concludes by looking at direct and indirect dark matter searches, and the prospects for detecting the particle nature of dark matter with astrophysical experiments"--Provided by publisher.
Leibniz on substances and material things
Pathogenesis and autoimmunity initiated by a viral protein-induced apoptotic bodies
IgA endomysium antibodies on human umbilical cord : an excellent diagnostic tool for celiac disease in childhood
Midterm review of the national integrated pest management programme in Nepal, phase II
Testing and selecting custom antibodies for two subunits of the Drosophila melanogaster mitochondrial respiratory chain complex I.
Molecules in the galactic environment
Caco-2 cell cultures in the assessment of intestinal absorption : effects of some co-administered drugs and natural compounds in biological matrices
Supersymmetry vis-à-vis observation : dark matter constraints, global fits and statistical issues
Ancient white marbles : analysis and identification by paramagnetic resonance spectroscopy
Replacing grass silage with pea-barley intercrop silage in the feeding of the dairy cow
Food allergy & your child
Solid wood-based fuels in energy production in Finland
From molecules and crystals to solid dosage forms : supramolecular approach to understanding properties and performance of pharmaceutical materials
Infrared light scattering as a diagnostic of interstellar dust
The Feynman lectures on physics. Vol. 2, Mainly electromagnetism and matter
Reduction of Energy Consumption by Means of an Efficient Building Envelope in the Mexican Caribbean
A radio study of planetary nebulae
Dynamic leach testing of low-  and medium-pH injection grouts to be used in deep repositories : cementitious materials in deep geological repositories
Dynamics of galaxies and their molecular cloud distributions : Proceedings of the 146th symposium of the International Astronomical Union, held in Paris, France, June 4-9, 1990
Quantitative Characterization of Biogas Quality : A Study of Biogas Quality at Stormossen Oy
The reliance on primary commodity exports posits a weighty problem for a large number of low-income less-developed countries, which is further aggravated by the erratic behaviour of commodity prices. Rational expectations competitive storage models conjecture that storage behaviour engenders nonlinear commodity pricing processes. Motivated by theoretical considerations state of the art nonlinear time series models are put to the task of forecasting an important subset of primary commodities, base metals. Nonlinear models, especially feedforward artificial neural networks, meet their mettle and hence may prove useful tools from a commodity-policy standpoint by providing at least some degree of visibility.
Searches for dark matter with IceCube and DeepCore : new constraints on theories predicting dark matter particles
'Analysis of Cosmetic Products' advises the reader from an analytical chemistry perspective on the choice of suitable analytical methods for production monitoring and quality control of cosmetic products.
Studies of dust and starformation in globules
Mortars in Old Structures
Forecasting commodity prices with nonlinear models
"Molecular line emissions offer researchers exciting opportunities to learn about the evolutionary state of the Milky Way and distant galaxies. This text provides a detailed introduction to molecular astrophysics and an array of useful techniques for observing astronomical phenomena at millimetre and submillimetre wavelengths. After discussing the theoretical underpinnings of molecular observation, the authors catalogue suitable molecular tracers for many types of astronomical regions in local and distant parts of the Universe, including cold gas reservoirs primed for the formation of new stars, regions of active star formation, giant photon-dominated regions and near active galactic nuclei. Further chapters demonstrate how to obtain useful astronomical information from raw telescope data while providing recommendations for appropriate observing strategies. Replete with maps, charts and references for further reading, this handbook will suit research astronomers and graduate students interested in broadening their skill to take advantage of the new facilities now coming online"--Provided by publisher.
Pesticide residue monitoring in Finland - 2008 : fruit, vegetables and cereals
A comprehensive guide to the hazardous properties of chemical substances
Summary.
Coupled biogeochemical cycles and ecosystem services : extended abstracts of the scientific seminar
Protostars and planets IV
Particle dark matter : observations, models and searches
Atoms, stars and nebulae
White birches (Betula spp.) are utilized in huge quantities in the forest industry in northern latitudes of the world and low-value side-stream birch bark is burnt for energy. Outer birch bark is rich in (up to 30% dry weight) triterpene betulin and it can be easily isolated by solvent extraction. Betulin could be used as such or as starting material for more valuable products, fine chemicals and pharmaceuticals. In this work two sets of betulin derivatives were synthesized and screened as antiviral, antileishmanial and antibacterial agents. First set includes relatively easily synthesizable betulin derivatives, such as esters and various oxidation products. Second set includes novel heterocyclic betulin derivatives, where triazolo ring is fused by Diels-Alder reaction to the lupane skeleton of betulin. In the biological assays against human pathogens Semliki Forest virus; L. donovani parasites, which cause tropical disease leishmaniasis; and Gram-negative bacteria Chlamydia pneumoniae, several betulin derivatives displayed low-micromolar 50% growth inhibition values in vitro. In addition, most of the derivatives showed low cytotoxicity against the host cell lines.
Development of yield and nutritive value of timothy in primary growth and regrowth in northern growing conditions
Market analysis of second-generation bioethanol in Vietnam : implication for business options
"Cosmetics and perfume represent a multibillion dollar global industry. Limited regulation and the enormous variety of ingredients make this comprehensive guide a valued resource for students and professionals in the field of personal care products. Based on Wiley's renowned Kirk-Othmer Encyclopedia of Chemical Technology, the book provides information on key product groups, ingredients, formulation technology, and related regulatory topics in 25 carefully selected articles. Chemists, R&D professionals, dermatologists, patent attorneys, and regulatory agencies will also benefit from this reference"--
Counteracting bacterial biofilms : the potential of natural product-based anti-infectives
"The Pigment Compendium Dictionary" is a comprehensive information source for scientists, art historians, conservators and forensic specialists. Drawn together from extensive analytical research into the physical and chemical properties of pigments, this essential reference to pigment names and synonyms describes the inter-relationship of different names and terms. The Dictionary covers the field worldwide from pre-history to the present day, from rock art to interior decoration, from ethnography to contemporary art. Drawing on hundreds of hard-to-obtain documentary sources as well as modern scientific data each term is discussed in detail, giving both its context and composition. It includes a comprehensive list of pigment names and synonyms. It talks about the pigments used worldwide from pre-history to the present day. It contains information from hundreds of hard-to-obtain documentary sources.
Sic! : drug information from Fimea
Handbook of diesel engines
Origin and evolution of interplanetary dust : Proceedings of the 126th colloquium of the International Astronomical Union, held in Kyoto, Japan, August 27-30, 1990
Spectroscopy in the transfermium region : probing rotational, non-yrast and isomeric structures in [sup 253, 254]No
Stars, gas and dust in galaxies : exploring the links : proceedings of the 2000 CTIO/ESO/LCO joint workshop held at La Serena, Chile, 15-18 March 2000
Diffuse matter in space
The Physics of Liners in View of Recent Observations : meeting held in Baltimore, Maryland 6-8 September 1995
Supernovae in dense and dusty environments
Flame-retardant Sol-gel applied to linen fabric : case: experimenting with the wash-fastness of a phosphorous flame-retardant
Matter and form in early modern science and philosophy
Analysis of cosmetic products
Soft matter : the stuff that dreams are made of
Weakly interacting dark matter in walking technicolor theories
The management of fungicide resistance in cereals in Finland
Embodied faith : reflections on a materialist spirituality
Nitrogen fertilization and yield formation of potato during a short growing period
Nordic research in mathematics education : Proceedings of NORMA14, Turku, June 3–6, 2014
Kirk-Othmer chemical technology of cosmetics
The basics of spectroscopy
Biofuels : alternative feedstocks and conversion processes
The development of the yield and nutritive value of timothy (Phleum pratense L.) both in the primary growth and in the regrowth were studied at MTT Plant Production Research, a unit of MTT Agrifood Research Finland, in Rovaniemi (66°35'N) in 1999-2001. The dry matter yield and leaf:stem ratio were measured from the crop samples, and the contents of crude protein and organic matter digestibility of both whole plant samples and leaf and stem fractions were analysed. In primary growth, the most rapid increase of dry matter, 220-240 kg/ha per day, was measured around the beginning of the heading stage. There was a very strong positive correlation between the proportion of stems and the amount of dry matter in the primary yield. The daily growth rate of the regrowth was less than half of that of the primary growth. The fastest decrease, 1 percentage unit per day, in crude protein content was measured at the pasture stage (4-5 -leaf stage). During the entire sampling period, the average daily decline in crude protein content in the primary growth of timothy was 0.65 percentage units. The main cause for the rapid decline in crude protein content was the high proportion of stem matter and its low protein content. In the regrowth, during the last four weeks before the harvest, the average daily decline in crude protein content was 0.28 percentage units.The average decline in organic matter digestibility from early pasture stage to late silage stage was 0.9 percentage units per day. The most remarkable change was noticed at the growth stage of timothy when about the half of stems were heading and it was then that the digestibility decreased by more than one percentage unit per day. The rapid decline in organic matter digestibility was due to the low digestibility of stem matter. The daily change in forage digestibility in the regrowth was very small, on average 0.11%.
Axion cosmology
Irradiation of dry food ingredients
The impact of near-infrared sky surveys on galactic and extragalactic astronomy : Proceedings of the 3rd Euroconference on near-infrared surveys held at Meudon Observatory, France, June 19-20, 1997
In this thesis we shed light on the formation and evolution of disk galaxies, which often host a stellar bar (about 2/3 of cases). In particular, we address the bar-driven secular evolution, that is, the steady redistribution of stellar and gaseous material through the disk induced by the bar torques and resonances. We characterize the mass distribution of the disks in the Spitzer Survey of Stellar Structure in Galaxies (S4G, Sheth et al. 2010) and study the properties of the different stellar structure components and the interplay between them. We use 3.6µm photometry for ~ 1300 face-on and moderately inclined disk galaxies to analyze the frequency, dimensions, orientations and shapes of stellar bars, spiral arms, rings, (ring)lenses, and barlenses (i.e. lens-like structures embedded in the bars). We calculate the strength of the bars in the S4G via ellipse fitting, Fourier decomposition of the galaxy images, and from the gravitational tangential-to-radial forces. We also estimate the stellar contribution to the circular velocity, allowing us to analyze the coupling between non-baryonic and stellar matter within the optical disk. We average stellar density profiles (1D), the disk(+bulge) component of the rotation curve, and stellar bars (2D) as a function of fundamental galaxy parameters. We complement the study with integral-field unit kinematic data from Seidel et al. (2015b) for a subsample of 16 S4G barred galaxies. We quantify the bar-induced perturbation strengths in the stellar and gaseous disk from the kinematics, and show that they agree with the estimates obtained from the images. We also use Hα Fabry-Perot observations from Erroz-Ferrer et al. (2015) for 29 S4G disk galaxies to study the inner slope of the rotation curves. We provide possible observational evidence for the growth of bars in a Hubble time. We demonstrate the role of bars causing the spreadingof the disk and the enhancement of the central stellar concentration. Our observations support the idea that Boxy/Peanut bulges in face-on perspective manifest as barlenses, that are often identfied in early-type galaxies hosting strong bars, and some of them also as inner lenses. We find that the amount of dark matter within the optical disk scales with the total stellar mass, as expected in the ΛCDM models. We also confirm that the observed inner velocity gradient is correlated with the central surface brightness, showing a strong connection between the inner shape of the potential well and the central stellar density. We show that disks and bars in early-type (T < 5 ≡ Sc) and late-type (T ≥ 5) disk galaxies, or alternatively in galaxies having total stellar masses greater or smaller than 1010M, are characterized by very distinct properties. Late-type disks are less centrally concentrated (many galaxies are bulge-less) and present a larger halo-to-stellar mass ratio, what probably affects the disk stability properties. The detection of bars in late-type galaxies is strongly dependent on the identification criteria. On average, bars in early-type spirals (T = 0 − 2) are longer (both in physical units and relative to the disk) and have larger density amplitudes than the intermediate-type spirals (T ≈ 5), and the bar lengths among the latest-types in the S4G are also larger. In comparison to earlier types, the bars in late-type systems show larger tangential-to-radial force ratios. This result holds even when the estimated dark halo effect is included.
Signatures of secular evolution in disk galaxies
Ecotoxicological assessment using six pharmaceuticals commonly found in wastewaters
A guide to safe material and chemical handling
Introduction to the structure of matter : a course in modern physics
Industrial inorganic pigments
Art education in a postmodern world : collected essays
Stevioside : technology, applications and health
Characterization of ion-exchange fibers for controlled drug delivery
Preparation of nanoparticles consisting of methacrylic polymers and drugs by an aerosol flow reactor method
From polymorph screening to dissolution testing : solid phase analysis during pharmaceutical development and manufacturing
Affinity-purified cardiolipin-binding antibodies show heterogeneity in their binding to oxidized low-density lipoprotein
The 4 percent universe : dark matter, dark energy, and the race to discover the rest of reality
The cosmic blueprint : new discoveries in nature's creative ability to order the universe
Cosmic rays, supernovae and the interstellar medium : [proceedings of the NATO Advanced Study Institute on Cosmic Rays, Supernovae and the Interstellar Medium, Erice, Italy, July 26-August 5, 1990]
Greener Aggregate Industry
Saccharomyces cerevisiae hiivan ksyloosifermentaation tehostaminen.
Dye molecules on titatium dioxide surface: cluster and periodic surface models
Ion-molecule reactions in astrochemistry : with emphasis on the N[sup+] + H[sub2] = NH[sup +] + H reaction, studied by ab initio and quasiclassical trajectory methods
Application for calculating materials included in wall panel details in Tekla Structures
Synthesis of betulin derivatives against intracellular pathogens
A stable isotope study of the hydrological and carbon cycle in meromictic lake, Lovojärvi
Modelling of ecological risks related to sea-dumped chemical weapons : MERCW deliverable 2.1 ; synthesis report of the available data
Cosmology, ecology, and the energy of God
Matter and consciousness : a contemporary introduction to the philosophy of mind
Properties of matter
Particle or wave : the evolution of the concept of matter in modern physics
Physics in minutes
Testing a pilot wastewater treatment plant in laboratory scale
Biomolecular screening for inhibitors of butyrylcholinesterase : identification and characterization using in vitro and in silico tools
Studies on OX1 orexin receptor coupling to arachidonic acid and endocannabinoid signaling
Feedstock Additives in Gasification : Effect on Ash Sintering Behaviour in Wheat Straw Gasification
Polarimetry of the interstellar medium : conference held at Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute, Troy, New York, 4-7 June 1995
Stromlo Workshop on High-velocity Clouds : proceedings of the workshop held at Mount Stromlo Observatory, Canberra, Australia, 14-15 August, 1998
Abstract: FINRES-Vet 2001-2005: Finnish veterinary antimicrobial resistance monitoring and  consumption of antimicrobial agents.
