http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1432 style (properties)
style (properties)
The colometry of Aeschylus
That's not what I meant! : how conversational style makes or breaks your relations with others
The new secrets of style : your complete guide to dressing your best every day
Essays on style and language : linguistic and critical approaches to literary style
Good fiction guide
Effects of personal traits on Generation Y consumers' attitudes toward the use of mobile devices for communication and commerce
Style yourself : Inspired advice from the world's top fashion bloggers
The invention of Hebrew
Grown-up glamour : how to age fabulously -  by the women who got it right
The economics of taste : the rise and fall of picture prices 1760-1960. Vol. 1
Bobbi Brown pretty powerful : beauty stories to inspire confidence : start-to-finish makeup techniques to achieve fabulous looks
American Medical Association manual of style : a guide for authors and editors
Around the world in four senses : a teaching material package for a high school culture course
The balancing act of teaching : a comparison between EFL teachers' views and a textbook analysis of the role of perceptual learning styles in Finnish 3rd grade EFL textbooks
Dyslexia and learning style : a practitioner's handbook
Are you a Jackie or a Marilyn? : timeless lessons on love, power and style
"This ground-breaking work, originally published 15 years ago, continues to serve as the primary reference on the theories of omission potential and translational contact in sign language interpreting. In the book, noted scholar Jemina Napier explores the linguistic coping strategies of interpreters by drawing on her own study of the interpretation of a university lecture from English into Australian Sign Language (Auslan). A new preface by the author provides perspective on the importance of the work and how it fits within the scholarship of interpretation studies. The concept of strategic omissions is explored here as a tool that is consciously used by interpreters as a coping strategy. Instead of being a mistake, omitting part of the source language can actually be part of an active decision-making process that allows the interpreter to convey the correct meaning when faced with challenges. For the first time, Napier found that omission potential existed within every interpretation and, furthermore, she proposed a new taxonomy of five different conscious and unconscious omission types. Her findings also indicate that Auslan/English interpreters use both a free and literal interpretation approach, but that those who use a free approach occasionally switch to a literal approach as a linguistic coping strategy to provide access to English terminology. Both coping strategies help negotiate the demands of interpretation, whether it be lack of subject-matter expertise, dealing with dense material, or the context of the situation. Napier also analyzes the interpreters’ reflections on their decision-making processes as well as the university students’ perceptions and preferences of their interpreters’ linguistic choices and styles. Linguistic Coping Strategies in Sign Language Interpreting is a foundational text in interpretation studies that can be applied to interpreting in different contexts and to interpreter training."
Luella's guide to English style
Lost in translation? : translating multicultural style in Maxine Hong Kingston's The woman warrior
Elegance : true love never goes out of fasion
On late style
Cartoon modern : style and design in fifties animation
"From an award-winning neuroscience researcher with twenty years of teaching experience, Multiple Pathways to the Student Brain uses educator-friendly language to explain how the brain learns. Steering clear of "neuro-myths," Dr. Janet Zadina discusses multiple brain pathways for learning and provides practical advice for creating a brain-compatible classroom. While there are an abundance of books and workshops that aim to integrate education and brain science, educators are seldom given concrete, actionable advice that makes a difference in the classroom. Multiple Pathways to the Student Brain bridges that divide by providing examples of strategies for day-to-day instruction aligned with the latest brain science. The book explains not only the sensory/motor pathways that are familiar to most educators (visual, auditory, and kinesthetic), it also explores the lesser known pathways--reward/survival, language, social, emotional, frontal lobe, and memory/attention--and how they can be tapped to energize and enhance instruction. Educators are forever searching for new and improved ways to convey information and inspire curiosity, and research suggests that exploiting different pathways may have a major effect on learning. Multiple Pathways to the Student Brain allows readers to see brain science through the eyes of a teacher--and teaching through the eyes of a brain scientist"--
How to dress for success
Music and sentiment
Stuff : the m (group) interactive guide to collecting, decorating with, and learning about, wonderful and unusual things
The art of vintage : [an aesthetic odyssey through 20 vintage Perrier-Jouët champagnes]
Style and civilizations
Vintage wedding style : more than 25 simple projects and endless inspiration for designing your big day
Abstract: The Stylist : Becoming a Professional Image Consult. I wrote my thesis about the stylist and its agendas. The thesis purpose was to provide information on how to become a professional image consult, namely a stylist.  My thesis will tell the techniques, the technical tips, and the information on what a stylist does and where this career path can be used. The present thesis will also teach the student about the lessons, what a young student needs to learn before stepping into the professional field itself.  My thesis will inform also the students about what a stylist needs take into consideration before becoming involved with the career of a stylist. Such matters include e.g. different body types, colors, portfolio book, contact book, clients, different stylists etc. The present thesis is a qualitative various scholars and specialists have been consulted about the fashion industry's heroes, the stylists.
Innovating with information technology in a globalized world:being proactive about culture
" A short and entertaining book on the modern art of writing well by New York Times bestselling author Steven Pinker Why is so much writing so bad, and how can we make it better? Is the English language being corrupted by texting and social media? Do the kids today even care about good writing? Why should any of us care? In The Sense of Style, the bestselling linguist and cognitive scientist Steven Pinker answers these questions and more. Rethinking the usage guide for the 21st century, Pinker doesn't carp about the decline of language or recycle pet peeves from the rulebooks of a century ago. Instead, he applies insights from the sciences of language and mind to the challenge of crafting clear, coherent, and stylish prose. In this short, cheerful, and eminently practical book, Pinker shows how writing depends on imagination, empathy, coherence, grammatical knowhow,and an ability to savor and reverse-engineer the good prose of others. He replaces dogma about usage with reason and evidence, allowing writers and editors to apply the guidelines judiciously, rather than robotically, being mindful of what they are designed to accomplish. Filled with examples of great and gruesome prose, Pinker shows us how the art of writing can be a form of pleasurable mastery and a fascinating intellectual topic in its own right"--
Grace & style : the art of pretending you have it
Cognitive style and insight
Pippa : simple tips to live beautifully
Perceptual learning style as an influence on the practising of instrument students in higher music education
Visual quickstart guide DHTML and CSS for the world wide web
Make up : your life guide to beauty, style, and success - online and off
Style : ten lessons in clarity & grace
How to read houses : a crash course in domestic architecture
Reconstructing clothes for dummies
Linguistic coping strategies in sign language interpreting
Forever chic : must-have tips on beauty and style
Echoes of Egypt in 12th-century Bologna and 13th-century Rome
Victorian style
Pure : food, style and odd stories from the top of the world
Lectures on rhetoric and belles lettres
140 characters : a style guide for the short form
Four stages of Renaissance style : transformations in art and literature, 1400-1700
Style and readability in football texts
How to be adored : a girl's guide to Hollywood glamour
Everyday style : key pieces to sew + accessories, styling & inspiration
Beauty evolution : a guide to a lifetime of beauty
Heart & soul : a celebration of black music style in America 1930-1975
The story of Jesus and the blind man : a speech act reading of John 9
Savvy chic : the art of more for less
Kate Moss style : inside the world's most famous wardrobe
Language in literature
Learning English through and for singing : learner experiences of the interrelation of music and language
Early jazz-rock : the music of Miles Davis, 1967-72
Aspects of translation
Perspective as a source of style. 1.
Shape shape 2 : sewing for minimalist style
Fashion design workshop
A handbook of reflective and experiential  learning : theory and practice
Origins of Latvian and Estonian playing styles in the Baltic psaltery revival
Style, society, and person : archaeological and ethnological perspectives
Graphic design : the new basics
Children's and adolescents' achievement strategies, school adjustment and family environment
At home with Madame Chic : becoming a connoisseur of daily life
The art of readable writing
Happily ever after : celebrating Jane Austen's Pride and prejudice
Castles of the western world
Things a woman should know about style
The language of the grotesque = le langage du grotesque = el lenguaje de lo grotesco
The promises of God : the background of Paul's exclusive use of epangelia for the divine pledge
Gender-specific features of male/female interaction in a popular romantic novel by Barbara Cartland
Style : text analysis and linguistic criticism
Learning styles and pedagogy in post-16 learning : a systematic and critical review
Sri Lanka style : tropical design and architecture
"Don't tell me you got into the wrong room" : elements of farce in P. G. Wodehouse's Jeeves & Wooster novels
The art of dressing curves : The best-kept secrets of a fashion stylist
Penny chic : how to be stylish on a real girl's budget
Waka and renga theory : shifts in the conceptual ground
The lion in Romanesque art, meaning or decoration?
Kate style : chic and classic look
The girls' handbook : essential skills a girl should have
Lessons from Madame Chic : 20 stylish secrets I learned while living in Paris
Recent ballad research : proceedings of the 19th International Folk Ballad Conference of the Kommission für Volksdichtung of the Société internationale d'ethnologie et de folklore, hosted by the Deutsches Volksliedarchiv, Freiburg im Breisgau, F.R.G., 1-6 May 1989. Vol. 1
Transformations, style, and meaning
Linguistic theory and structural stylistics
How to define and describe genres and styles
Leadership Styles and Traits in the Public Sector : Study in Vaasa Central Hospital
Vocabulary learning strategies employed by Finnish high school EFL students
The Stylist : Becoming a Professional Image Consult
Finnish Gothic subculture : Gothic subculture is: "(...) to enjoy the beauty of the moonlight instead of the beauty of the sun" (Mia)
After examining Jewish writings and Greek literature of the classical and Hellenistic periods, this study reveals that Paul is unique in his exlusive use of the word group for the divine pledge, which finds its antecedent in the Abrahamic covenantal promises. It is then argued that Paul's choice of words is driven by its conceptual and linguistic correspondence with the term that forms the core of his ministry.
Icons of men's style
Epistemic styles
The merging of effective working culture practices at Toyota in an international business environment.
Introduction to paremiology : a comprehensive guide to proverb studies
Language and style in Old English composite homilies
Living in style : inspiration and advide for everyday glamour
Guidelines for style analysis
Decisions, decisions: style in writing
Modern Shakespearean criticism : essays on style, dramaturgy, and the major plays
Pre-invasion history and demography shape the genetic variation in the insecticide resistance-related acetylcholinesterase 2 gene in the invasive Colorado potato beetle
The sense of style : the thinking person's guide to writing in the 21st century
Twin-singleton differences among ESL students : a study of affective and cognitive factors at the age of 12
Color your style : how to wear your true colors
Alpha-synuclein as a regulator of synaptic signalling
Rewriting loss : melancholia, ethics, and aesthetics in selected works by Chuang Hua, Maxine Hong Kingston, and Fae Myenne Ng
The author shares her sources of inspiration and how she and her friends mix and match her key pieces while working, playing, resting, and travelling
Conveying style and culture : Arto Paasilinna's The Year of the Hare
Dimensions of university student learning in medicine and pharmacy
Linguistic stylistics
Language and style : collected papers
Learning styles in education and training
Improving an Induction: Creating a better induction for employees. Case: Metso Minerals Inc. / DC Europe
Your heiress diary : confess it all to me
Linguistic influences on health status among 6958 persons, aged 30 and over, living in Finland
The little black book of style
Chopin's musical style
Trinny and Susannah : what you wear can change your life
True style : the history & principles of classic menswear
A dictionary of English style
Writing poetry
Insider's guide to steampunk fashion
Toppamono : outlaw, radical, suspect : my life in Japan's underworld
Multiple pathways to the student brain : energizing and enhancing instruction
Sought-after interiors stylist Hilary Robertson celebrates the stylish simplicity of the monochromatic home - elegant interiors in black, white, and every shade of grey in between. In the first chapter, Living in Black and White, Hilary analyzes successful monochrome interiors, providing moodboards for different schemes. Next, In the Mix takes a closer look at the effective tools of texture, light, and scale and pattern and the roles that they have to play. The third chapter, The Dark Room, visits real homes that feature darker monochrome palettes, while, following on, Let there be Light provides examples of homes with a whiter, brighter approach. Finally, in Monochrome Home Hilary Robertson shows how to bring the look right up to date, visiting the fabulously inspiring homes of artists and designers from Europe to the United States.
The aesthetic positions and creative method of the writer : works on Romance-Germanic philology = Èstetičeskie pozicij i tvorceskij metod pisatelâ : trudy po romano-germanskoj filologii
The hundred dresses : the most iconic styles of our time
How to be Parisian : wherever you are
What does design expose? : a comparative study of Finnish modern furniture and Chinese Ming-style furniture
Parisian Chic City Guide
Triads in the language of five plays written by Bernard Shaw
Off the cuff : the guy's guide to lookung good
The chap : Helsinki
"The Invention of Hebrew" is the first book to approach the Bible in light of recent findings on the use of the Hebrew alphabet as a deliberate and meaningful choice. Seth L. Sanders connects the Bible's distinctive linguistic form - writing down a local spoken language - to a cultural desire to speak directly to people, summoning them to join a new community that the text itself helped call into being. Addressing the people of Israel through a vernacular literature, Hebrew texts gained the ability to address their audience as a public. By comparing Biblical documents with related ancient texts in Hebrew, Ugaritic, and Babylonian, this book details distinct ways in which Hebrew was a powerfully self-conscious political language. Revealing the enduring political stakes of Biblical writing, "The Invention of Hebrew" demonstrates how Hebrew assumed and promoted a source of power previously unknown in written literature: 'the people' as the protagonist of religion and politics. -- Review: "An absolutely innovative way of reading the use of ancient Hebrew for generating political identity and for understanding the Hebrew Bible itself. It is refreshing to see such profound insight and analyses come out of material that has otherwise not received substantial recognition of its cultural and political importance." Mark S. Smith, author of God in Translation: Deities in Cross-Cultural Discourse in the Biblical World "S. Brings anthropology and epigraphy together in an original and stimulating way, seeking to discern the roots of biblical texts by exploring the contexts and development of writing in the Levant during the Bronze and Iron Ages...This wide-ranging, extensively annotated book deserves careful study and offers much of value to OT scholars." A. R. Millard Journal for the Study of the Old Testament
The use of different style variants and style shifting and their functions in the speech of an EFL teacher
It's vintage, darling! : how to be a clothes connoisseur
A handbook of reflective and experiential learning : theory and practice
The Economist style guide : the best-selling guide to English usage
The metrosexual guide to style : a handbook for the modern man
Good style : writing for science and technology
Like I give a frock : fashion forecasts and meaningless misguidance
Sounding the depths : tradition and the voices of history
Once upon a time : perceptual learning styles in empowering EFL learners : a task-based teaching material package
Language, discourse, style : selected works of John McH. Sinclair
I am large, I contain multitudes : lyric cohesion and conflict in Second Isaiah
Assessing motivation and the use of learning strategies by secondary school students in three international schools
White paper on education and training : teaching and learning : towards the learning society
Teaching at its best : a research-based resource for college instructors
The poetics
Contemporary menswear : a global guide to independent men's fashion
Design masterclass : how to achieve the home of your dreams
Writing skills for public relations : style and technique for mainstream and social media
Tasks and masks : themes and styles of African literature
A dictionary of usage and style : the reference guide for professional writers, reporters, editors, teachers and students
Audrey style
The book of art : a pictorial encyclopedia of painting, drawing, and sculpture. 1, Origins of western art
Style & simplicity : an A to Z guide to living more beautiful life
The pulse of mixed media : secrets and passions of 100 artist revealed
Style matters. Television relies on style - setting, lighting, videography, editing, and so on - to set moods, hail viewers, construct meanings, build narratives, sell products, and shape information. This book examines the meanings behind television's stylistic conventions.
The theory and practice of learning
Achievement goals and cognitive learning strategies in dynamic contexts of learning
Face : make-up, skincare, beauty
A 1950s housewife : marriage and homemaking in the 1950s
The wave : [a novel]
Trinny & Susannah : what your clothes say about you : how to look different, act different and feel different
How to style your perfect wedding
The economics of taste : the rise and fall of picture prices 1760-1960. Vol. 2
Phonological working memory and L2 knowledge : Finnish children learning English
"From choosing the right pair of eyeglasses to properly coordinating a tie, shirt, and pocket square, getting dressed is an art to be mastered. Yet how many of us just throw on, well, whatever in the morning? How many understand the subtleties of selecting the right pair of shoelaces or the most compatible patterns-much less the history, imperatives, and importance of our choices? In True Style, fashion expert G. Bruce Boyer provides a crisp, indispensable primer for this daily ritual, cataloguing the essential elements of the male wardrobe and showing how best to employ them. Detailing the evolution of the most classic items and traditions in menswear-from fabrics like denim and linen, to staples like blazers and button-down shirts, to the rules for combining them all-Boyer reveals what true style looks like, and why"--
Repetition in Arabic discourse : paradigms, syntagms, and the ecology of language
A dictionary of usage and style
Essays in modern stylistics
Attributes of Welshness in the short stories of Dylan Thomas
An introduction to Latin prose composition
"Would I have been better off there?" : comparison, need and conduciveness in a Finnish emigrant's account
Never leave the house naked : and 50 other ridiculous fashion rules
An activity-based introduction to stylistics, this textbook explains some of the topics in literary linguistics and helps students in analysing written texts. How can you tell good writing - the excellent, the brilliant and the ingenious - from bad writing - the weak, the banal and the confusing? By looking at the technique and the craft of writing, Language in Literature examines the ways in which language is organised to create particular meanings or effects. Covering a range of topics - naming patterns, modality and evaluation, the structure of simple narratives, the recording of character speech and thought, the dynamics of dialogue, presuppositions and textual revision - the book presents the structuring principles within the English language. Activities and end-of-chapter commentaries encourage a 'learning by doing' approach and equips the reader with the main linguistic terms necessary for the analysis of literary and non-literary texts.
Who do you want to be today? : be inspired to dress differently
Swahili style : a study
Fashion at Royal Ascot : three centuries of thoroughbred style
Professional's Illustrated Guide to Haircare and Hairstyles : Everything There is to Know About Creating Salon-quality Looks
Patterns in language : an introduction to language and literary style
Speaking and language : defence of poetry
The elements of style
Style in language
Styling the stars : lost treasures from the Twentieth Century Fox archive
Medieval wooden sculpture in Sweden. 2, Romanesque and gothic sculpture
How to be chap : the surprisingly sophisticated habits, drinks and clothes of the modern gentleman
From archaeology to art history : some stages in the rediscovery of the Romanesque
Linguistics, language, and verbal art
Early Jazz-Rock : the music of Miles Davis, 1967-72
Dog fashion : haute couture for your hound
How to learn almost anything in 48 hours : shortcuts and brain hacks for learning new skills fast
That's not what I meant! : how conversational style makes or breaks relatioships with others
Self.styled : dare to be different
Romanesque goldsmiths' art in Hungary
Capture your style : transform your Instagram images, showcase your life, and build the ultimate platform
Making Victorian costumes for women
Tracing the process of self-regulated learning : students' strategic activity in g/nStudy learning environment
How people learn : brain, mind, experience, and school
Romanesque painting : from the eleventh to the thirteenth century
Roman building : materials and techniques
Janus parallelism in the Book of Job
It's a dog's world
Teenage beauty : everything you need to look pretty, natural, sexy & awesome
Foreign agents in Russia : discoursive analysis on foreign agents in Russia 2012-2013
Part pop psychology, part sociology and part anthropology, this book by a linguistics professor at Georgetown University focuses on the uncomfortable moments when a conversation inexplicably breaks down, and suggests how such awkwardness can be avoided. Noting that there exist a plethora of books on public speaking, Tannen instead considers "private speaking," and particularly the "metamessages" we transmitwhat we say, our attitude toward those we speak with, and the specific occasioninvolving such elements as loudness, pitch and intonation. Using scenarios that illustrate communication gaps, Tannen also attempts to show readers how to save their marriages and triumph in job interviews.
Fashion design drawing course : principles, practices and techniques : the ultimate handbook for aspiring fashion designers
Variation in Australian English closing diphthongs
Functions of style
Gislebertus : sculptor of autun
The creative writer's style guide : rules and advice for writing fiction and creative nonfiction
