http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1439 organic cultivation
organic cultivation
Organic/environmentally friendly banana production : proceedings of a workshop held at EARTH, Guacimo, Costa Rica, 27-29 July 1998
The soil and health : a study of organic agriculture
Grow sustainable diet : planning and growing to feed ourselves and the earth
The green home organic crops in pots : how to grow your own vegatagles, fruits and herbs
Crop protection in organic and low input agriculture : options for reducing agrochemical usage
Life Cycle Assissment of milk production : a comparison of conventional and organic farming
Science and technology of organic farming
First world conference on organic seed : challenges and opportunities for organic agriculture and the seed industry : July 5-7., 2004, FAO headquarters, Rome
Organic crop breeding
Organic fruit and vegetables from the tropics : markets, certification and production information for producers and international trading companies
Steel in the field : a farmer's guide to weed-management tools
Organic Café cookbook
Converting to organic agriculture : appendix : proceedings of NJF-seminar no. 237 : St Michel, Finland, 22-24 March 1994
Crop yields and supply of nitrogen compared in conventional and organic farming systems
Coastal management, desert afforestation and ecological farming : striving for sustainable development
Return to the olive farm
Organic fruit production and viticulture : a complete guide
Organic plant breeding and propagation: concepts and strategies
Meat and bone meal as nitrogen fertilizer to cereals in Norway
The weed flora in conventionally and organically grown spring cereals was investigated in southern and central Finland during 2007-2009. The survey was conducted in 16 regions, 283 farms and 595 fields (72 organically cropped and 523 conventionally cropped fields, of which 503 were treated with herbicides). The occurrence of weeds was assessed in late July-early August. Altogether 148 weed species were identified, of which 128 were broad-leaved and 20 grass species. In organically cropped fields, the average species number per field was 21 and the most frequent species were Chenopodium album 96%, Stellaria media 94%, Viola arvensis 94% and Elymus repens 89%. In conventionally cropped fields, the average species number was 12 and the most frequent weed species were Viola arvensis 83%, Stellaria media 65%, Galeopsis spp. 59% and Galium spurium 59%. The average density of weeds was 160 m-2 (median = 112) in sprayed conventional fields and 519 m-2 (468) in organic fields. The average air-dry biomass of weeds was 167 kg ha-1 (median = 82) and 775 kg ha-1 (563), respectively. Elymus repens, the most frequent and abundant grass species, produced the highest proportion (about 30%) of the total weed biomass in both cropping systems. The frequency of Galium spurium in conventional cropping and Fumaria officinalis in organic cropping had increased substantially since the previous survey in 1997-1999. The average size of the weed seedbank in the 5 cm surface layer was about 1 700 seeds m-2, the most predominant seeds being of C. album. Although the weed flora in Finnish spring cereal fields consists of numerous species, only a fraction of them severely threaten crop production in terms of their frequency and abundance. Weeds in conventional cropping were effectively controlled with available herbicides whereas weed management in organic cropping calls for urgent measures such as direct mechanical weed control in crop stands, which was not practised at all in survey fields.
Abstract.
Action plan II : developments in organic farming : english summary
The organic farming manual
Ecological farming for developing agriculture in the world
Proceedings of the Ist International Conference on Organic Greenhouse Horticulture : Bleiswijk, The Netherlands October 11-14, 2010
The Bio-Integrated Farm is a twenty-first-century manual for managing nature's resources. This groundbreaking book brings "system farming" and permaculture to a whole new level. Author Shawn Jadrnicek presents new insights into permaculture, moving beyond the philosophical foundation to practical advanced designs based on a functional analysis. Holding his designs to a higher standard, Jadrnicek's components serve at least seven functions (classical permaculture theory only seeks at least two functions). With every additional function a component performs, the design becomes more advanced and saves more energy. A bio-integrated greenhouse, for example, doesn't just extend the season for growing vegetables; it also serves as a rainwater collector, a pond site, an aquaponics system, and a heat generator. Jadrnicek's prevalent theme is using water to do the work. Although applicable in many climates, his designs are particularly important for areas coping with water scarcity.Jadrnicek focuses on his experience as farm manager at the Clemson University Student Organic Farm and at his residence in the foothills of the Blue Ridge Mountains. These locations lie at the cooler northern edge of a humid subtropical climate that extends west to the middle of Texas and north along the coast to New Jersey. He has created permaculture patterns ranging from raising transplants and field design to freshwater prawn production and composting. These patterns have simplified the operation of the 125-share CSA farm while reducing reliance on outside resources. In less time than it takes to mow his two-acre homestead, Jadrnicek is building a you-pick fruit farm using permaculture patterns. His landscape requires only the labor of harvesting, and the only outside input he buys is a small amount of chicken feed.By carefully engaging the free forces of nature--water, wind, sunlight, convection, gravity, and decomposition--Jadrnicek creates sustenance without maintenance and transforms waste into valuable farm resources. The Bio-Integrated Farm offers in-depth information about designing and building a wide range of bio-integrated projects including reflecting ponds, water-storage ponds, multipurpose basins, greenhouses, compost heat extraction, pastured chicken systems, aquaculture, hydroponics, hydronic heating, water filtration and aeration, cover cropping, and innovative rainwater-harvesting systems that supply water for drip irrigation and flushing toilets.
Weeds in spring cereal fields in Finland - a third survey
The content of dietary fiber, amino acids, dihydroxyphenols and some macro- and micronutrients in grain of conventionally and organically grown common wheat, spelt wheat and proso millet
Sustainable argriculture and resistance : transforming food production in Cuba
Organic apple production : pest and disease management
In easy-to-understand language, the author illuminates the science behind plant nutrition and offers 100 percent organic recommendations on what to feed plants, including fertilizer recipes tailored to specific kinds of plants.
Vegetable growing handbook : organic and traditional method
Organic landscaping manual
Weed occurrence in Finnish coastal regions : a survey of organically cropped spring cereals
Proceedings of the International Symposium on Organic Horticulture: Productivity and Sustainability : Lisbon, Portugal August 22-27, 2010
Tools for organic farming : a manual of appropriate equipment and treatments
Policy instruments promoting conversion to organic farming and their impact in 18 European countries 1985-97
Annual and seasonal changes in production and composition of grazed clover-grass mixtures in organic farming
The origins of the organic movement
Organic and fair trade wine in restaurants sales
Nettles and roses
Soil fertility in organically managed soils
Organic cereal and pulse production : a complete guide
Composition of weed flora in spring cereals in Finland : a fourth survey
The organic garden  : green and easy
Contents of trichothecenes in oats during official variety, organic cultivation and nitrogen fertilization trials in Finland
Growing green : organic techniques for a sustainable future
The aim of organic agriculture is to produce food of high nutritional quality in sufficient quantity. Field experiments were conducted to evaluate the effect of organic and conventional growing systems on (i) total amounts and supply of N taken up or applied to plants during a five year crop cycle period and (ii) crops total dry matter (DM) yield obtained during same period. The total DM yields from the organic treatments were 25-33% smaller than from the conventional treatments. The ratio of N output/N input was significantly the smallest in the organic treatment with cattle manure, where only 37% of all supplied N was used by plants during the crop cycle period. The organic fertiliser with faster mineralisation rate and splitting the application of organic N during crop cycle period would be more appropriate to supply sufficient quantities of N during rapid plant growth and to obtain higher crop yields in organic farming systems.
Organic seed in the Nordic countries
New work possibilities in the countryside and protection of environment and workers
Organic agriculture for biodiversity: current contributions and future possibilities : proceedings of the third international IFOAM conference on biodiversity and organic agriculture : Nairobi, Kenya 2004
Boron fertilisation of organically managed grass-clover swards on coarse-textured soils: effects on botanical and element composition
Tracing the evolution of organic/sustainable agriculture : a selected and annotated bibliography
Organic gardening in cold climates
Organic gardening for the 21st century : a complete quide to growing vegetables, fruits, herbs and flowers
Weed flora and weed management of field peas in Finland
Life processes in crops : on growth & differentiation
Converting to organic agriculture : proceedings of NJF-seminar no. 237 : St Michel, Finland, 22-24 March 1994
Sustainable agricultural systems
Organic farming
The natural way of farming : the theory and practice of green philosophy
Teaming with nutrients : the organic gardener's guide to plant nutrition
Rebels for the soil : the rise of the global organic food and farming movement
β-Glucan contents of groats of different oat cultivars in official variety, in organic cultivation, and in nitrogen fertilization trials in Finland
Organic farming, food quality and human health : a review of the evidence
Report and recommendations on organic farming
The holistic orchard [Moniviestin] : tree fruits and berries the biological way
The organic gardener
Organic farming : an international history
Reconciling scientific approaches for organic farming research
Selenium content of Finnish oats in 1997-1999 : effect of cultivars and cultivation techniques
The bio-integrated farm : a revolutionary permaculture-based system using greenhouses, ponds, compost piles, aquaponics, chickens, and more
Organic farming : guide to community rules
Summary.
Thorsons organic consumer guide : food you can trust
Good companions : the mix & match guide to companion planting
Agroecology : the scientific basis of alternative agriculture
Organic farming in Europe : economics and policy. Volume 6, The Environmental impacts of organic farming in Europe
Organic garden basics : five easy steps to growing organically
Proceedings of the IInd International Symposium on Organic Greenhouse Horticulture : Avignon, France, October 28-31, 2013
Organic, biodynamic and fair trade wines are the three certified wine categories in wine sales. Standards for organic and biodynamic concentrate more on the process of wine making, where as fair trade standards concentrate on the rights and fair pay of the wine workers.      The aim of this thesis is to find out the position, popularity and development of organic and fair trade wines on the wine lists of Finnish restaurants. The position of fair-trade wines will be compared to the position of organic wines, which have been on the market for a longer period. The literature review discusses topics such as organic, biodynamic and fair trade labels, ethical wine consumerism and restaurant wine sales. The empirical part introduces quantitative research on organic and fair trade wines in Finnish restaurants executed in survey form.     The survey is aimed to the sommelier, restaurant manager or the person in charge of wine in the restaurant The research was executed as an electronic survey sent to 289 restaurants all over Finland, during early spring 2010. The return rate of the survey was 40 percent with 117/289. A limitation to the results of the thesis was the low return rate of the survey and not all respondents answering to all of the questions.    Overall the results of the thesis give insight to the position of organic-, biodynamic- and fair trade wine in Finnish restaurants and how these three groups compare to each other in terms of representation, popularity and quality perceptions. The results of the research showed that organic wine was most popular in Finnish restaurants. A majority of 46 percent had one or two different organic labels. Overall attitudes about organic wine were very positive. Biodynamic wine was more popular than fair trade wine, with 45 percent of the restaurants that had biodynamic wine on offer. 23 percent of restaurants had fair trade wine on their wine list. Attitudes towards fair trade wine were still positive. Despite positive attitudes towards both organic and fair trade respondents were not planning on increasing the amount in their wine selection.
Farming across the years : temporal and spatial dimensions in learning organic farming
Meat bone meal as fertiliser for barley and oat
Organic gardening
Farming across the years : an educational analysis of an organic inspection
Organic gardening for dummies
Growing your own fruit and vegetarian for dummies
The green gardener's handbook : everything you need to know for successful organic gardening
Plant and bumblebee species diversity in boundaries of organic and conventional agricultural fields
American journal of alternative agriculture
Organic & wholefoods : naturally delicious cuisine
The effects of conventional and organic farming system on some quality parameters of grains were studied in winter and spring common wheat, spelt wheat and proso millet. Under organic farming conditions, spelt wheat was characterized by the most favorable grain chemical composition (essential amino acids index [EAAI] 85.3, o-dihydroxyphenol 2.00 g kg-1, nitrogen [N] 23.5 g kg-1, magnesium [Mg] 705, zinc [Zn] 32.9 mg kg-1), followed by millet (total dietary fiber [TDF] 185.3 g kg-1, Mg 904, copper [Cu] 6.27, iron [Fe] 57.0 mg kg-1). The above-mentioned cereals also showed a satisfactory yield level under the organic system (spelt wheat 2.69, proso millet 1.42 t ha-1). Both in winter and spring common wheat organic farming led a significant reduction in productivity, but the content of chemical components in grain (dihydroxyphenols—spring wheat 1.68 g kg-1, winter wheat 1.74 g kg-1; selenium [Se]—spring wheat 53.4 mg kg-1, winter wheat 40.5 mg kg-1; some amino acids—spring wheat valine [Val] 5.11, methionine [Met] 2.09, tryptophan [Trp] 0.40 g kg-1, winter wheat glutamate [Glu] 41.9, proline [Pro] 15.3, glysine [Gly] 5.24, arginine [Arg] 5.04, [Trp] 0.97 g kg-1) was more favorable compared to the conventional system. The present study showed that the organic farming system does not result in reduced productivity neither in spelt wheat or proso millet, but contributes to an improvement in their grain quality parameters. On the other hand, common wheat performed better under the conventional system..
Organic vegetable farming and its zone of proximal development : a research plan
Toward sustainable aagriculture and food production : a vision for the future viability of food production, processing and marketing
A gardener's guide to growning strawberries organically
The traditional production of mineral N and P fertilisers is unsustainable due its reliance on fossil fuels in the case of N, and on limited mineral resource stocks in the case of P. The use of alternative or complementary fertilisers that originate from organic waste materials is gaining interest. Organic farms, especially arable organic farms without livestock, need usable sources of plant nutrients. Meat bone meal (MBM), a potential organic fertiliser for agricultural crops, contains considerable amounts of nutrients (on average 8% N, 5% P, 1% K and 10% Ca). In EU countries, Commission regulation (EC) No 181/2006 authorised the use of MBM as an organic fertiliser. In this study, MBM was compared to conventional mineral NPK fertiliser. Two randomised complete block split-plot field experiments were conducted: one with spring barley (Hordeum vulgare) in two years; and another with oat (Avena sativa) for three years, including a fourth year of testing for residual effect. Compared to mineral fertiliser (20% N, 3% P and 9% K), MBM was applied at three N levels: 60, 90 and 120 kg N ha-1. The grain yield of both cereal species supported by MBM, did not differ from the yield obtained with the mineral fertiliser at any N level. At 120 kg N ha-1, the grain yield level with either type was ca. 4500 kg ha-1 of barley and 5000 kg ha-1 of oat, representing fair averages for Finnish conditions. Moreover, MBM and mineral fertilisation showed no differences in quality in terms of 1000-grain weight, test-weight, protein content and protein yield. Since MBM has a low N/P ratio, P was applied in surplus to attain comparable N levels. Therefore MBM fertilisation should be fitted for crop rotation and for meeting environmental requirements.
The new organic grower : a master's manula of tools and techniques for the home and market gardener
The flower farmer : an organic grower's guide to raising and selling cut flowers
The 2nd Nordic meeting of researches and advisors on biological farming : collected papers of the seminar held in Mikkeli, Finland, November 9-12, 1988
Organic fruit growing
HDRA encyclopedia of organic gardening
The Business Plan : Organic Farm in Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam
Proceedings of the Organic Fruit Conference : Vignola, Italy, June 16 - 17, 2008
The UK green growers guide
One planet agriculture : preparing for a post-peak oil food and farming future : the case for action
Ecology and farming
Proceedings of the Symposium on the sustainability of agricultural production systems in Sub-Saharan Africa, 4-7 September, 1989, Aas, Norway
Towards holistic agriculture : a scientific approach
Agrarian dreams : the paradox of organic farming in California
Three trials were performed on two organic farms with dairy and suckler cows and using home-produced forage and feed crops, predominantly grass-clover ley, in order to determine whether boron (B) is a limiting factor for legumes on coarse-textured soils in an area predisposed to low B soil concentrations. The effects of B fertilisation (applied as sprayed liquid) on biomass yield, botanical composition and plant macro- and micronutrient concentrations relative to soil concentrations and livestock requirements were investigated. Boron fertilisation (i) did not affect any yield, (ii) increased the white clover percentage significantly in forage on one farm and (iii) increased B concentrations in plants and soil on both farms, and (iv) did not affect concentrations of other nutrients in forage on either farm. Thus, B was not an obvious limiting factor on these farms. Effects of management practices on interactions and   ratios between B, calcium (Ca), potassium (K), magnesium (Mg) and sodium (Na) and their implications are discussed.
Weed flora in organically grown spring cereals in Finland
Soil care and management
The organic fruit and vegetable gardener's year : a seasonal guide to growing what you eat
Handbook of microbial biofertilizers
Organic farming for sustainable horticulture
