http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14372 eating
eating
The leftovers of God and king : on the distribution of meat at the Assyrian and Achaemenid imperial courts
Illness narratives : patients' online discussions about life after cancer
VEGF-B as a target for cancer therapy : characterization of monoclonal antibodies towards VEGF-B and generation of VEGF-B expressing tumour cell lines
From fear of eating to appetite for life : food and eating in an anorectic mind
Chew. [Vol. 12], Sour grapes
Functions of human papillomavirus E5 oncogene in epithelial cells and in the onset of cervical cancer
In defense of food : an eater's manifesto
French women for all seasons : a year of secret, recipes & pleasure
The gluten lie and other myths about what you eat
The hungry soul : eating and the perfecting of our nature
Cervical cancer : test and prevention
Not for bread alone : writers on food, wine, and the art of eating
Intuitive eating : a revolutionary program that works
Earth-eating and the earth-eating habit in India
Bear wants more
Fussy Freya
Hungry Girl to the max! : the ultimate guilt-free cookbook
Eating mindfully : how to end mindless eating and enjoy a balanced relationship with food
My child won't eat! : How to enjoy mealtimes without worry
Am I fit and healthy? : learning about diet and exercise
Chew. Vol. 5 : Major league chew
Eating? : see how the animals eat
Just desserts : women and food
French kids eat everything : how our family moved to France, cured picky eating, banned snacking, and discovered 10 simple rules for raising happy, healthy eaters
Chocolate mousse for greedy goose
Saints and symposiasts : the literature of food and the symposium in Greco-Roman and early Christian culture
<em>TP53</em> as clinical marker in head and neck cancer
The 7 secrets of raising happy eaters : why French kids eat everything and how yours can too!
Food in the air and space : the surprising history of food and drink in the skies
Vocalisation and feeding skills in extremely preterm infants:an intensive follow-up from birth to first word and first step
Toll-like receptor 9 in alimentary tract cancers
What can I taste?
Theology of food : eating and the Eucharist
Politische Mahlzeiten = Political meals
First bite : how we learn to eat
Psychological flexibility, occupational burnout and eating behavior among working women
The authors present menus and recipes from daily staff meals at twenty-five restaurants around the world, accompanied by anecdotes, interviews and traditions.
Taste : the infographic book of food
Ecotheology and the theology of eating : convergencies and contraversies
Effects of wholegrain foods and grain fibre in intestinal tract in relation to glucose metabolism : with an emphasis on wheat and rye bread effects
Hunger, consumption, and identity in Elizabeth Gaskell's novels
Just life : bioethics and the future of sexual difference
Chinese chopsticks
The funny food joke book
Sound bites : eating on tour with Franz Ferninand
Chew. [Vol. 8] : family recipes
Regulation of DNA damage responses by the Myc oncogene : implications for future anti-cancer therapies
Eat love : food concepts by eating-designer Marije Vogelzang
Monsters don't eat broccoli
Oxford Symposium on Food and Cookery 1991 : Public eating : Proceedings
Why we eat what we eat : the psychology of eating
Vocalisation and feeding skills in extremely preterm infants : an intensive follow-up from birth to first word and first step
The pleasures of the table
Munch, crunch, pirate lunch!
Change the way you eat : the psychology of food
Feeding : form, function, and evolution in tetrapod vertebrates
Eat your people!
Terror in Meeple City
Food. Volume 3, the social relations of food
Hedonic eating : how the pleasure of food affects our brains and behavior
In Carnal Appetites, Elspeth Probyn charts the explosion of interest in food - from the cults that spring up around celebrity chefs, to our love/hate relationship with fast food, our fetishization of food and sex, and the impact of our modes of consumption on our identities. 'You are what you eat' the saying goes, but is the tenet truer than ever? As the range of food options proliferates in the West, our food choices become inextricably linked with our lives and lifestyles. Probyn also tackles issues that trouble society, asking questions about the nature of appetite, desire, greed and pleasure, and shedding light on subjects including: fast food, vegetarianism, food sex, cannibalism, forced feeding, and fat politics.
The feeding habits of Pseudomyrmine and other Ants
Changes in eating and weight control habits after myocardial infarction
The no-cry picky eater solution : gentle ways to encourage your child to eat - and eat healthy
Food and language = Sprache und Essen
Brain food
Food and me : a qualitative study of consumers' perceptions of food and eating
Food, and in particular the lack of it, was central to the experience of the Second World War. In this history, Lizzie Collingham establishes how control of food and its production is crucial to total war.
IDLE THOUGHTS OF AN IDLE FELLOW
Decisive meals : table politics in Biblical literature
The virtues of the table : how to eat and think
Eat up, Max and Millie
In the history of cooking, there has been no more challenging environment than those craft in which humans took to the skies. The tale begins with meals aboard balloons and zeppelins, where cooking was accomplished below explosive bags of hydrogen, ending with space station dinners that were cooked thousands of miles below. This book is the first to chart that history worldwide, exploring the intricacies of inflight dining from 1783 to the present day, aboard balloons, zeppelins, land-based aircraft and flying boats, jets, and spacecraft. It charts the ways in which commercial travelers were lured to try flying with the promise of familiar foods, explains the problems of each aerial environment and how chefs, engineers, and flight crew adapted to them, and tells the stories of pioneers in the field. Hygiene and sanitation were often difficult, and cultural norms and religious practices had to be taken into account. The history is surprising and sometimes humorous--at times some ridiculous ideas were tried, and airlines offered some strange meals to try to attract passengers. It's an engrossing story with quite a few twists and turns, and this first book on the subject tells it with a light touch.
Weaning made easy : all you need to know about spoon-feeding and baby-led weaning - get the best of both worlds
Respectfully eating or not eating : putting food at the centre of religious studies
Quantifying regional variation in the survival of cancer patients
Come in, we're closed : an invitation to staff meals at the world's best restaurants
Eating architecture
In Evolution, players adapt their species in a dynamic ecosystem where food is scarce and predators lurk. Traits like Hard Shell and Horns will protect your species from Carnivores, while a Long Neck will help them get food that others cannot reach. With over 4,000 ways to evolve your species, every game becomes a different adventure
The incredible book eating boy
Matrix metalloproteinase-8 as a diagnostic tool for the inflammatory and malignant diseases
The routine tumor markers in regional anticancer-oncologic hospital Agios Savvas of Athens
Five : 150 effortless ways to eat 5+ fruit and veg a day
Pass the prosecco, darling! : cooking disasters and other kitchen dramas
The art of eating : the collected gastronomical works of M. F. K. Fisher
Broad in scope, Hedonic Eating: How the Pleasure of Food Affects our Brains and Behaviorexplores various behavioral, biological and social rewards of food.
Fat is a feminist issue
Discovery of α2β1 integrin ligands : tools and drug candidates for cancer and thrombus
Chew. [Vol. 11], The last suppers
Carnal appetites : foodsexidentities
Structured child-centred interventions to support families with a parent suffering from cancer:from practice-based evidence towards evidence-based practice
Chew. Vol. 6 : Space cakes
Eating out
Nora : the girl who ate and ate and ate..
Nutrition health project using an ICT-based learning environment : participatory action research in Eastern Finland
Tasting food, tasting freedom : excursions into eating, culture, and the past
Diet, body adiposity and cardiometabolic risk in a population sample of primary school children
Eating, loving and dying : a psychology of appetites
The 3-2-1 diet : three steps to a slimmer, fitter you
How to eat fried worms
The face on your plate : the truth about food
The illuminated table, the prosperous house : food and shelter in Ottoman material culture
The Middlesteins
Chew. Vol. 7 : Bad apples
Toll-like receptors in Alimentary tract -special reference to Barrett’s esophagus
Dining skills : practical interventions for the caregivers of  older adults with eating problems
Psychology of eating
Diary of a wombat
The feeding habits of Pseudomurmine and other ants
Decisive Meals discusses various aspects of meal traditions and their relevance in terms of boundaries between different groups in the context of first century Judaism and the early Christ-movement. The contributors discuss different communities at different times and places - under the same focus of common meals: The post-exilic community in Judaea, the Pauline communities in Asia Minor, as well as in the Roman dominated city of Caesarea and the Hellenistic Jewish community and the emerging rabbinical community - each time a community is affected through the sharing of meals, but how exactly? What are similar effects - where are the differences? This sheds light on power dynamics between rich and poor, well fed and hungry, but also between men and women. These questions will clarify how detailed exegesis is influenced by hermeneutical patterns and ideas about food, boundaries and power dynamics.
The sex life of food
True food : seasonal, sustainable, simple, pure
Chew : Cases of the FDA
Loss of heterozygosity and tumour suppressor gene alterations in human cancer : studies on FHIT and NF2 genes in lung cancer, malignant mesothelioma and gastrointestinal stromal tumours
The taste of war : World War Two and the battle for food
Hungry for Paris : the ultimate guide to the city`s 102 best restaurants
The prognostic role of matrix metalloproteinase-2 and -9 and their tissue inhibitor-1 and -2 in endometrial carcinoma
Eating animals
