http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14359 badness
badness evilness
Salem Brownstone : all along the watchtowers
The ships of air
The Boneshaker
The complete Crepax. 1, Dracula, Frankenstein and other horror stories
Sin : a new understanding of virtue and vice
The spectacular finale to the New York Times bestselling trilogy that began with Mr. Mercedes (winner of the Edgar Award) and Finders Keepers--In End of Watch, the diabolical "Mercedes Killer" drives his enemies to suicide, and if Bill Hodges and Holly Gibney don't figure out a way to stop him, they'll be victims themselves. In Room 217 of the Lakes Region Traumatic Brain Injury Clinic, something has awakened. Something evil. Brady Hartsfield, perpetrator of the Mercedes Massacre, where eight people were killed and many more were badly injured, has been in the clinic for five years, in a vegetative state. According to his doctors, anything approaching a complete recovery is unlikely. But behind the drool and stare, Brady is awake, and in possession of deadly new powers that allow him to wreak unimaginable havoc without ever leaving his hospital room. Retired police detective Bill Hodges, the unlikely hero of Mr. Mercedes and Finders Keepers, now runs an investigation agency with his partner, Holly Gibney--the woman who delivered the blow to Hartsfield's head that put him on the brain injury ward. When Bill and Holly are called to a suicide scene with ties to the Mercedes Massacre, they find themselves pulled into their most dangerous case yet, one that will put their lives at risk, as well as those of Bill's heroic young friend Jerome Robinson and his teenage sister, Barbara. Brady Hartsfield is back, and planning revenge not just on Hodges and his friends, but on an entire city.  In End of Watch, Stephen King brings the Hodges trilogy to a sublimely terrifying conclusion, combining the detective fiction of Mr. Mercedes and Finders Keepers with the heart-pounding, supernatural suspense that has been his bestselling trademark. The result is an unnerving look at human vulnerability and chilling suspense. No one does it better than King.
When my heart was wicked
Disney villains : delightfully evil : the creation, the inspiration, the fascination
Political ponerology : a science on the nature of evil adjusted for political purposes
Crossed. Volume 1
The annotated innocence of Father Brown
The Lucifer effect : how good people turn evil
"In the 4th book of the multi-author Sundering series launched by New York Times best-selling author R.A. Salvatore, Richard Lee Byers introduces Anton Marivaldi--a renowned reaver with an insatiable thirst for bounty and a moral compass that always leads him toward the evil he's never tried.  Endless, pounding rain afflict the Sea of Fallen Stars and the coastal regions surrounding it. Harvests are failing, travel and trade are disrupted, and civilized forces are giving way to the deluges caused by the storms. In panic and despair, many have turned to the goddess Umberlee, Queen of the Deeps, offering her sacrifices with hope that they will be spared the inevitable reckoning of her perpetual tempest.  Evendur Highcastle, undead pirate captain, risen from the depths to assume the mantle of Umberlee's Chosen, takes advantage of the people's desperation to strike for both spiritual and temporal power in her name.  Vying with Highcastle for the hearts and minds of the people is Stedd Whitehorn, a little boy and the chosen of a god thought lost to time: Lathander, the Morninglord. In a time of such upheaval, Stedd's message of renewal and hope runs in stark contrast to the savage ethos of Highcastle and his waveservants.  When Anton captures the boy in order to collect Highcastle's considerable bounty, the reaver is quickly caught in the riptide caused by the sundering of worlds"--
Detailed Contents; Lecture 1. The Problem of Evil and the Argument from Evil; Lecture 2. The Idea of God; Lecture 3. Philosophical Failure; Lecture 4. The Global Argument from Evil; Lecture 5. The Global Argument Continued; Lecture 6. The Local Argument from Evil; Lecture 7. The Sufferings of Beasts; Lecture 8. The Hiddenness of God; Notes; Works Cited; Index.
Liquid evil : living with TINA
The demon Ororon. volume 1
Plague of ice
We need to talk about Kevin
The death ray
Good omens : the nice and accurate prophecies of Agnes Nutter, witch
On iniquity : some personal reflections arising out of the Moors murder trial
Return of the damned
A slant of light : a novel
Evil and human agency : understanding collective evildoing
Southern gods
Eretica : the transcendent and the profane in contemporary art
Oath of Nerull
Evil and the god of love
Trouble with strangers : a study of ethics
The idea of evil
Maplecroft : the Borden dispatches
The Grim company
The little red chairs
The vast amount of suffering in the world is often held as a particularly powerful reason to deny that God exists. Highly accessible and carefully argued, Peter van Inwagen's book maintains that such reasoning does not hold, and that suffering should not undermine belief in God. - ;It is generally supposed that the fact that the world contains a vast amount of suffering, much of it truly horrible suffering, confronts those who believe in an all-powerful and benevolent Creator with a serious problem: to explain why such a Creator would permit this. Many reflective people are convinced that the problem, the problem of evil, is insoluble. The reasons that underlie this conviction can be formulated as a powerful argument for the non-existence of God, the so-called argument from evil: If there were a God, he would not permit the existence of vast amounts of truly horrible suffering; since such suffering exists, there is no God. Peter van Inwagen examines this argument, which he regards as a paradigmatically philosophical argument. His conclusion is that (like most philosophical arguments) it is a failure. He seeks to demonstrate, not that God exists, but the fact that the world contains a vast amount of suffering does not show that God does not exist.
Under the dome : a novel
On the reality of evil : a jamesian investigation
Despite the overuse of the word in movies, political speeches, and news reports, evil is generally seen as either flagrant rhetoric or else an outdated concept: a medieval holdover with no bearing on our complex everyday reality. In A Philosophy of Evil, however, acclaimed writer/philosopher Lars Svendsen argues that evil remains a concrete moral problem: that we're all its victims, and all guilty of committing evil acts. It's normal to be evil, he writes-the problem is, we've lost the vocabulary to talk about it.Taking up this problem-how do we speak about evil?-A Philosophy of Evil treats evil as an ordinary aspect of contemporary life, with implications that are moral, practical, and above all, political. Because, as Svendsen says, Evil should neither be justified nor explained away-evil must be fought.
The awakening
Sword of the North
Scarlet Benoit and Wolf, a street fighter who may have information about her missing grandmother, join forces with Cinder as they try to stay one step ahead of the vicious Lunar Queen Levana in this story inspired by Little Red Riding Hood.
Crossed. Volume 4
The eyes of the dragon
The nature of evil
Bad girls : sirens, jezebels, murderesses, thieves & other female villains
Crossed. Volume 3 : Psychopath
The moral landscape : how science can determine human values
The evidential argument from evil
The demon Ororon. volume 3
Rethinking Evil : contemporary perspectives
The living dead
The circle
The Reaver
"Should criminologists take evil seriously as a cause or explanation of crime, criminality, deviance and/or social control? This book seeks to answer this question by exploring a range of interdisciplinary approaches to evil from theology, philosophy, literary and cultural studies and anthropology to social psychology, political theory, law, radical feminism and criminology. Through applying and adapting theories and concepts from interdisciplinary sources for the purpose of criminological inquiry, Dearey presents an argument for why criminologists should begin to take this vexatious and highly controversial concept much more seriously in the development of future criminological theory and as a way to be more participative and engaged in public debates about crime"--Back cover.
The talisman
Zoroaster in history
Neverwhere
Monsters : history's most evil men and women
On evil
Hannah Arendt : practice, thought and judgement
Rethinking evil : contemporary perspectives / edited by María Pía Lara
"Far-off gleams of evangelium" : a study of how J. R. R. Tolkien's The lord of the rings reflects the biblical "Kingdom of Heaven"
The concept of evil
Connor's brain
The cabin in the woods : the official movie novelization
The bloody eye
The atrocity paradigm : a theory of evil
Ravenheart : a novel of the Rigante
Shelter : a Mickey Bolitar novel
Enchantment
Roxy's baby
100 years of cruelty : essays on Artaud / edited by Edward Scheer
Crossed. Volume 5
Dr Neruda's cure for evil
The devil in the corner
Midnight
It
The fury
The key
A net of dawn and bones
Dimensions of evil : contemporary perspectives
The lay of Aotrou and Itroun : together with the corrigan poems
The waiting room
Making sense of evil : an interdisciplinary approach
The demon Ororon. volume 2
The demon Ororon. volume 4
Raven's gate : the graphic novel
A philosophy of evil
Scrapped
The book of heroes
The zone of interest
What they do in the dark
The fragility of goodness
Crossed. Volume 2 : Family values
The caller
Ideas of good and evil
Seconds away
Treachery's wake
Law and evil : philosophy, politics, psychoanalysis
Homecoming
Nightfall
The name of the wind
Seven deadly sins : settling the argument between born bad and damaged good
Witches! : the absolutely true tale of disaster in Salem
Rise of the governor
Wicked : the life and times of the wicked witch of the West
In this timely book, James Taylor takes readers on a fascinating journey to examine the origins and evolution of all seven deadly sins. Are those great sins still sins? If you were going to make a list of the seven most deadly sins today, what would it include? Taylor looks at traditional and contemporary notions of sin and shows how this key concept shapes our personal lives and society.
Horns
The idea of divine hardening : a comparative study of the notion of divine hardening, leading astray and inciting to evil in the Bible and the Qur'an
Sword in the storm
The wise man's fear
The modernist cult of ugliness : aesthetic and gender politics
The problem of evil
Humanity's dark side : evil, destructive experience, and psychotherapy
Seconds away : a Mickey Bolitar novel
The gate of gods
The savage caves
Heart of darkness
Brighton rock
Connor began his second life at the age of fifteen. He started it with a thirty-mile-an-hour brain. Connor's first life ended when a virus in his brain stripped him of almost everything - his memory, language and a sense of time. Now Connor lives in a permanent present that he doesn't understand. The 'new' Connor doesn't recognise or remember his parents, his brother, his friends - or his girlfriend Hattie. New-Connor can't remember the old Connor, but there are people who can. People who have reasons to keep him quiet - or to hurt him. Because old-Connor had a dark past.
Ethics : an essay on the understanding of evil
When first published, Evil and the God of Love instantly became recognized as a modern theological classic, widely viewed as the most important work on the problem of evil to appear in English for more than a generation. Including a foreword by Marilyn McCord Adams, this reissue also contains a new preface by the author.
End of watch : a novel
Tales of darkness : a mythology of evil
Something wicked this way comes
The sentinel
Lord of the flies
The ascension mysteries : revealing the cosmic battle between good and evil
The museum of Dr. Moses : tales of mystery and suspense
Good people
