http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14364 power politics
power politics
Conflict and cooperation in the Persian Gulf
Living the urban challenge : sustainable development and social sustainability in two southern megacities
My way : Berlusconi in his own words
Allies : the United States, Britain, Europe and the war in Iraq
The birth of a great power system, 1740-1815
The dead hand : the untold story of the Cold War arms race and its dangerous legacy
Great power relations in Argentina, Chile and Antarctica
American images of Soviet foreign policy : an inquiry into recent appraisals from the academic community
The end of the post-war era : documents on great-power relations 1968-1975
The edge : is the military dominance of the west coming to an end?
America's half-century : United States foreign policy in the cold war
Prvi svetski rat, Srbiǰa, Balkan i velike sile = The First World War, Serbia, the Balkans and great powers
Winning the peace : the Marshall Plan and America's coming of age as a superpower
On empire : America, war, and global supremacy
The disintegrating West
The long road to Baghdad : a history of U.S. foreign policy from the 1970s to the present
Superpower illusions : how myths and false ideologies led America astray-- and how to return to reality
Strangers within the realm : cultural margins of the first British Empire
A view from the edge : do we need to contain the United States?
Rough justice
The new world order
China, the U.S., and the power-transition theory : a critique
A normative EU policy towards China : mission impossible?
Peace-mindedness of the super-powers as perceived in four countries : changes in student's images of the USA and the USSR from 1988 until 1991
International perspectives on Vietnam
Russia-China relations : current state, alternative futures, and implications for the West
The billion dollar spy : a true story of Cold War espionage and betrayal
Russia leaves the war
The Cold War : a study in U.S. foreign policy
The war over Iraq : Saddam's tyranny and America's mission
The voyages of discovery - European power politics
Armed truce : the beginnings of the Cold War 1945-46
The bear and the dragon
Berlin on the brink : the blockade, the airlift, and the early Cold War
The great contest : Russia and the West
Scandinavia in great power politics 1905-1908
Lilliputs and Gulliver : small states in a great power alliance
The unfinished peace after World War I : America, Britain and the stabilisation of Europe, 1919-1932
Lonely power : why Russia has failed to become the West and the West is weary of Russia
House of war : the Pentagon and the disastrous rise of american power
America, empire of liberty : a new history
The Cold War : the essential readings
Great powers and the quest for hegemony : the world order since 1500
What we say goes : conversations on U.S. power in a changing world
A multipolar peace? : great-power politics in the twenty-first century
The American foreign policy
Is there hope for Uncle Sam? : beyond the American bubble
The great powers and global struggle 1490-1990
"Near friendly or neutral shores" : the deployment of the fleet ballistic missile submarines and US policy towards Scandinavia, 1957-1963
Roosevelt and the Russians : the Yalta Conference
A present of things past
The beginning of the Cold War as a phenomenon of realpolitik : U.S. Secretary of State James F. Byrnes in the field of power politics 1945 - 1947
The fall of great powers : peace, stability, and legitimacy
Weary policeman : American power in an age of austerity
Empire : American studies : selected papers from the bi-national conference of the Swiss and Austrian Associations for American Studies at the Salzburg Seminar, November 1996
The Middle East in the American quest for world order : ideas of power, economics, and social development in United States foreign policy, 1953-1961
Peaceful interaction in ten great power relations
Perceived peace-mindedness of the superpowers : images of the USA and the USSR
The enemy at the gate : Habsburgs, Ottomans and the battle for Europe
Australia in world affairs 1961-1965
Iran in crisis? : nuclear ambitions and the American response
The global conflict : the international rivalry of the great powers, 1880-1970
Great powers and geopolitics : international affairs in a rebalancing world
The Soviet Union and the United States : rivals of the twentieth century : coexistence and competition
To move the world : JFK's quest for peace
America in the modern world : the transcendence of United States hegemony
Red moon rising : Sputnik and the rivalries that ignited the space age
A history of the twentieth century
Realities of American foreign policy
Power politics
At the highest levels : the inside story of the end of the cold war
The interplay of east and west : points of conflict and co-operation : with a new epilogue
Great games, local rules : the new great power contest in Central Asia
What we say goes : conversations on U.S. power in a changing world : interviews with David Barsamian
Superpower : three choices for America's role in the world
John F. Kennedy : world leader
Great powers and the Balkans during the Second World War (1941-1944)
The Soviet Cuban missile crisis : Castro, Mikoyan, Kennedy, Khrushchev, and the missiles of November
A tangled web : the making of foreign policy in the Nixon Presidency
The United States in the twentieth century : empire
Six months in 1945 : FDR, Stalin, Churchill, and Truman : from World War to Cold War
Journeys to empire : enlightenment, imperialism, and the British encounter with Tibet, 1774-1904
Behind the war on terror : western secret strategy and struggle for Iraq
No one's world : the West, the rising rest, and the coming global turn
Will America change?
A spy among friends : Kim Philby and the great betrayal
City under siege : the Berlin blockade and airlift, 1948-1949
Empire : the Russian empire and its rivals
God and gold : Britain, America, and the making of the modern world
Beyond the pejorative : sphere of influence in international theory
A century's journey : how the great powers shape the world
Russian greatpowerness : foreign policy, the two Chechen wars and international organisations
Putin's master plan : to destroy Europe, divide NATO, and restore Russian power and global influence
Kennedy in Berlin, 50th anniversary : the German Trip in 1963
Global fracture : the new international economic order
The behind-the-scenes story of the fierce battles on earth that launched the superpowers into space. Khrushchev was frustrated at America's U-2 spy plane, which flew too high to be shot down. But Russia's chief rocket designer, had an answer: an artificial satellite that would orbit the earth and cross American skies at will. The launch of Sputnik on October 4, 1957, stunned the world. Sputnik set in motion events that led not only to the moon landing but also to cell phones, federally guaranteed student loans, and the wireless Internet. Journalist Brzezinski takes us inside the Kremlin, the White House, secret military facilities, and the halls of Congress to bring to life the Russians and Americans who feared and distrusted their compatriots as much as their rivals.
Involvement by invitation : American strategies of containment in Iran
The concert of Europe
The killing ground
Neither war nor peace : the struggle for power in the post-war world
Thinking strategically : the major powers, Kazakhstan, and the Central Asian nexus
The great powers, imperialism and the German problem, 1865-1925
Soviet-American relations, 1917-1920. 1, Russia leaves the war
The end of the cold war
Hegemonic rivalry : from Thucydides to the nuclear age
The speech of president Ronald Reagan at the Finlandia Hall
White king and red queen : how the cold war was fought on the chessboard
International history of the twentieth century and beyond
War and Cold War in American foreign policy, 1942-62
One alliance, two lenses : U.S.-Korea relations in a new era
The superpowers and the interaction of nations : a data report on uniorientation, dependency, and rank of nations 1946-1970
Political consensus and dissent : some normative observations
The party's over : oil, war and the fate of industrial societies
Essence of decision : explaining the Cuban missile crisis
Superpower games : applying game theory to superpower conflict
Soviet power and policy
The superpowers : a short history
The return of history and the end of dreams
Not to the swift : the old isolationists in the Cold War era
The new American empire : a 21st century teach-in on U.S. foreign policy
Twentieth-century American foreign policy
Blowback : the costs and consequences of American empire
The cold war : past and present
Soviet-American relations 1917-1920. Vol. 1, Russia leaves the war
International politics in a revolutionary age
Korea : division, reunification, and U.S. foreign policy
Dissenting visions : the executive, parliament and the problematic Anglo-American Atomic Collaboration in the changes of British atomic foreign policy 1945-6
Changing East-West relations and the unity of the West
The Great Game, 1857-1907 : Russo-British relations in Central and East Asia
Superpowers and international conflict
Foundations of international law and politics / Oona Anne Hathaway, Harold Hongju Koh
Old myths and new realities, and other commentaries
Soviet-American relations, 1917-1920. 2, The decision to intervene
Summary.
Cultural exchange & the Cold War : raising the iron curtain
The Cuban missile crisis
KGB : the inside story of its foreign operations from Lenin to Gorbachev
The Korean peace process and the four powers
Sowing the wind : the seeds of conflict in the Middle East
Peace endangered : the reality of detente
The China question : great power rivalry and British isolation, 1894-1905
The enemy at the gate : Habsburgs, ottomans and the battle for Europe
The Cold War, 1945-1991
Roosevelt's lost alliances : how personal politics helped start the Cold War
Based on a new documents and interviews, this work is a look at the Berlin Crisis of 1961, with powerful applications for the present. In June 1961, Nikita Khrushchev called it "the most dangerous place on earth." He knew what he was talking about. Much has been written about the Cuban Missile Crisis a year later, but the Berlin Crisis of 1961 was more decisive in shaping the Cold War, and more perilous. For the first time in history, American and Soviet fighting men and tanks stood arrayed against each other, only yards apart. One mistake, one overzealous commander, and the trip wire would be sprung for a war that would go nuclear in a heartbeat. On one side was a young, untested U.S. president still reeling from the Bay of Pigs disaster. On the other, a Soviet premier hemmed in by the Chinese, the East Germans, and hard liners in his own government. Neither really understood the other, both tried cynically to manipulate events. And so, week by week, the dangers grew.
The Cold War : 1945-1991
Taming American power : the global response to U.S. primacy
China and the European Union in Africa : partners or competitors?
Contending with nationalism and communism : British policy towards Southeast Asia 1945-65
Blood and oil : the dangers and consequences of America's growing petroleum dependency
The Cold War in the Third World
American strategy in the nuclear age
The international thought of Herbert Butterfield
The United States in world history : from its beginnings to world leadership
On the conduct of East-West relations : a view from Europe
Cuba : what everyone needs to know
America, Scandinavia, and the Cold War 1945-1949
Soviet-American relations 1917-1920. Vol. 2, The decision to intervene
Kosovo and international society
In the shadow of empire : reclaiming the Bible as a history of faithful resistance
Predicting the Past : The Munich Template and the Suez Crisis
Globalisation, citizenship and the war on terror
Major powers' nuclear policies and international order in the 21st century
"Most accounts of Syria's brutal, long-lasting civil war focus on a domestic contest that began in 2011 and only later drew foreign nations into the escalating violence. Christopher Phillips argues instead that the international dimension was never secondary but that Syria's war was, from the very start, profoundly influenced by regional factors, particularly the vacuum created by a perceived decline of U.S. power in the Middle East. This precipitated a new regional order in which six external protagonists--the United States, Russia, Iran, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, and Qatar--have violently competed for influence, with Syria a key battleground. Drawing on a plethora of original interviews, Phillips constructs a new narrative of Syria's war. Without absolving the brutal Bashar al-Assad regime, the author untangles the key external factors which explain the acceleration and endurance of the conflict, including the West's strategy against ISIS. He concludes with some insights on Syria and the region's future"--
At the dawn of the Cold War : the Soviet-American crisis over Iranian Azerbaijan, 1941-1946
Crimea, global rivalry, and the vengeance of history
Ideas in Conflict : Liberty and Communism
Superpower intervention in the Middle East
Lives in the balance : the cold war and American politics, 1945-1991
The China choice : why we should share power
Global politics : globalization and the nationstate
The sheriff : America's defense of the new world order
Taming the wild field : colonization and empire on the Russian steppe
Berlin 1961 : Kennedy, Khrushchev, and the most dangerous place on earth
Small wars, faraway places : the genesis of the modern world: 1945-65
"One hell of a gamble" : Khrushchev, Castro and Kennedy, 1958-1964
The roads to Russia : United States lend-lease to the Soviet Union
The battle for Syria : international rivalry in the new Middle East
Neutrality : the need for conceptual revision
