http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14398 cinematographic expression
cinematographic expression
Changing borders : contemporary positions in intermediality
The Europeanization of cinema : interzones and imaginative communities
We'll meet again : musical design in the films of Stanley Kubrick
How to create animation in 10 easy lessons
"Stanley Kubrick's 2001: A Space Odyssey is widely regarded as one of the best films ever made. Based on new research in the recently opened Stanley Kubrick Archive, this study challenges many of the widely held assumptions about the film, addressing how such a seemingly radical project managed to gain studio funding and why the film took the shape it finally did. Kramer also explores the film's close links to many of the most successful trends in Hollywood filmmaking across the 1950s and 60s, and to public debates about the space race and the search for extra-terrestrial intelligence. After examining what was described at the time as one of MGM's biggest ever promotional campaigns, Kramer documents the film's enormous and ever growing success with both critics and audiences across the late 1960s and early 70s, and its longterm impact on Hollywood's output of Science Fiction movies"
"A Philosophy of cinematic Art is a systematic study of cinema as an art form, showing how the medium conditions fundamental features of cinematic artworks. It discusses the status of cinema as an art form, whether there is a language of film, realism in cinema, cinematic authorship, intentionalist and constructivist theories of interpretation, cinematic narration, the role of emotions in responses to films, the possibility of identification with characters, and the nature of the cinematic medium." "Groundbreaking in its coverage of a wide range of contemporary cinematic media, it analyses not only traditional photographic films, but also digital cinema, and a variety of interactive cinematic works, including videogames, written in a clear and accessible style, the book examines the work of leading film theorists and philosophers of film, and develops a powerful framework with which to think about cinema as an art."--BOOK JACKET.
Scrivere con la luce = Writing with light. Parte seconda, I colori = Colors
Deleuze and world cinemas
From underground to independent : alternative film culture in contemporary China
Contemporary Russian cinema : symbols of a new era
Imagining reality : the Faber book of documentary
Setting up your scenes : the inner workings of great films / Richard D. Pepperman
Visual communication is just as important as verbal communication, if not more important. VISUAL COMMUNICATION: IMAGES WITH MESSAGES shows you how visual perception is used in all forms of communication, whether it's graphic design, photography, television, video, or interactive media. And because it's packed with study and review tools, this communications textbook not only clearly explains the theories you need to know, it helps you prepare for tests and will help you succeed in the class.
Language and cinema
Visual communication : images with messages
Intolerance : the film by David Wark Griffith : shot-by-shot analysis
The animator's survival kit : [a manual of methods, principles and formulas for classical, computer, games, stop motion and internet animators]
Letters to young filmmakers : creativity & getting your films made
Film theory and contemporary Hollywood movies
2001 : a space odyssey
The art of Frozen : Disney / by Charles Solomon ; preface by John Lasseter ; foreword by Chris Buck and Jennifer Lee
Immersed in illusion : an ecological approach to the virtual set / Katriina Pajunen
Chromatic cinema : a history of screen color
Aesthetics and film
Film studies : an introduction
The language of film
How to read a film : movies, media, and beyond : art, technology, language, history, theory
Respect for acting
Film theory and criticism : introductory readings
Béla Balázs: early film theory : visible man and the spirit of film
Figures of resistance : essays in feminist theory
Digital visual effects in cinema
Lights! camera! fiction! : a movie lover's guide to writing a novel
Deleuzian intersections : science, technology and anthropology
The fundamentals of animation
Images of Finland in Aki Kaurismäki's proletarian trilogy : (Shadows in paradise, 1986; Ariel, 1988; The match factory girl, 1990)
Cinema 1 : the mouvement-image
The cinema of Aki Kaurismäki : contrarian stories
Colour grading video files in Adobe Lightroom
Projecting illusion : film spectatorship and the impression of reality
Crow : The graphic novel and the film
The terministic screen : rhetorical perspectives on film
Cinema 2 : the time-image
Sound : dialogue, music and effects
Death and the moving image : ideology, iconography and I
From motion capture to performance synthesis : a data based approach on full-body animation
"In Europe and beyond, the moving image serves to imagine community and to instantiate a communal communicative space. These spaces do not not derive from harmonious but rather conflictual social configurations. To describe this space, Randall Halle presents the concept of interzone as a geographic and cultural space that develops through border crossings in the broadest sense, a place of transit, interaction, transformation, contentious and contested diveristy. To explore the communal communicative space made possible by cinema, Halle looks at cinematic relationships, especially European but also outside these borders. While treating German cinema as central, he also sweeps film production throughout central Europe, from the Baltic to the Sea of Marmara into the Mediterranean. In addition, Halle opens up a historical dimension that reaches from the pre-cinematic to contemporary post-film experiments with the moving image, from imperial Prussia to the role of European funding for contemporary films in Africa and Asia. Concentrating on the European Union's culture instead of its politics or economy, he combines analyses of films with their conditions of production, questions of both film aesthetics and financing. In this detailed investigation of cinematic space and place, Halle's themes come together to show cinema's ability to express multiple interzones in Europe and beyond".
Visual effects for stereoscopic 3D contents : experiences from the Don't Look Back-project [sic]
Stop motion : passion, process and performance
100 ideas that changed film
A pocket guide to analyzing films
If it's purple, someone's gonna die : the power of color in visual storytelling for film
Costume as poetic device : costume in the films of the Soviet film director Sergei Parajanov (1924-1990)
Film landscapes : cinema, environment and visual culture
Contemporary Japanese film
The writer's journey : mythic structure for writers
Sound, the latest book in the Behind the Silver Screen series, introduces key concepts, seminal moments, and pivotal figures in the development of cinematic sound. Each of the book's six chapters cover a different era in the history of Hollywood, from silent films to the digital age, and each is written by an expert in that period. Together, the book's contributors are able to explore a remarkable range of past and present film industry practices, from the hiring of elocution coaches to the marketing of soundtrack records.
Understanding literature and film : interpreting meaning from written and visual media
The men who knew too much : Henry James and Alfred Hitchcock
Multimodal representation and intermodal similarity : cues of space in the audio description of film
The art of Penguins of Madagascar
The testament of Thomas Miller : a feature film script
Anatomy of film
The cinema effect
Peter Greenaway's postmodern/poststructuralist cinema
The anime machine : a media theory of animation
Doubting vision : film and the revelationist tradition
Production sound mixing : the art and craft of sound recording for the moving image
India through the Western lens : creating national images in film
Verse, voice, and vision : poetry and the cinema
Between narrative and cognitive approaches : film theory of non-linearity applied to Hungarian movies
Filmmaking : direct your movie from script to screen using proven hollywood techniques
A history of horror
Poetics of cinema
China on screen : cinema and nation
Immersed in illusion : an ecological approach to the virtual set
Style and meaning : studies in the detailed analysis of film
Scrivere con la luce = Writing with light. 1, La luce = The light
The art of film : John Box and production design
Working at the intersection of the philosophy of technology and the history of thought, Lamarre explores how anime and its related media entail material orientations and demonstrates concretely how the 'animetic machine' encourages a specific approach to thinking about technology.
The doorman = Vahtimestari
Screen dreams : fantasising lesbians in film
Breaking the fourth wall : direct address in the cinema
Allegories of communication : intermedial concerns from cinema to the digital
Understanding sound tracks through film theory
Between film and screen : modernism's photo synthesis
Print The Legend : the life and times of John Ford
Narration and spectatorship in moving images
Comedy incarnate : Buster Keaton, physical humor, and bodily coping
"The late 1960s and 1970s are widely recognized as a golden age for American film, as directors like Francis Ford Coppola, George Lucas, and Martin Scorsese expanded the Hollywood model with aesthetically innovative works. As this groundbreaking new study reveals, those filmmakers were blessed with more than just visionary eyes; Designing Sound focuses on how those filmmakers also had keen ears that enabled them to perceive new possibilities for cinematic sound design. Offering detailed case studies of key films and filmmakers, Jay Beck explores how sound design was central to the era’s experimentation with new modes of cinematic storytelling. He demonstrates how sound was key to many directors’ signature aesthetics, from the overlapping dialogue that contributes to Robert Altman’s naturalism to the wordless interludes at the heart of Terrence Malick’s lyricism. Yet the book also examines sound design as a collaborative process, one where certain key directors ceded authority to sound technicians who offered significant creative input."
Spartacus : film and history
Commotion of motionless mementos
Pictorialism in cinema : creating new narrative challenges
Outsider status : A study of Tim Burton's Edward Scissorhands and Ed Wood
Until recently, there was a lack of scholarly attention to the power of hearing cinema as well as seeing it. 'Understanding Sound Tracks Through Film Theory' breaks new ground by redirecting the arguments of foundational texts within film theory to sound tracks. The book includes sustained analyses of particular films according to a wide range of theoretical approaches: feminism, genre studies, postcolonialism, psychoanalysis, and queer theory.
Cinema and the audiovisual imagination : music, sound and image
The utopia of film : cinema and its futures in Godard, Kluge, and Tahimik
Maximizing the moment - theories for the practice of editing
Deleuze and the cinemas of performance : powers of affection
After effects apprentice : real-world skills for the aspiring motion graphics artist
Figures of Resistance brings together crucial essays and unpublished lectures of internationally renowned theorist Teresa de Lauretis, spanning twenty years of her finest work. De Lauretis's rigorous thought and elegant writing interrogate how cinema, literature, and psychoanalytic theory construct and deconstruct gender, sexuality, and ways of knowing. This collection invites us to reflect on the history of feminist theory and its power to envision anew issues of representation, reading, and epistemology. Essays include "Sexual Indifference and Lesbian Representation," "The Lure of the Mannish Lesbian," "Eccentric Subjects," "Habit Changes," "The Intractability of Desire," and the unpublished title essay "Figures of Resistance."
Grammar of the edit
Cinema and modernity
A philosophy of cinematic art
Cinema 4D : the artist's project sourcebook
Film as art
Talking pictures : theatricality in contemporary film and video art  = Theatralität in zeitgenössischen Film- und Videoarbeiten : [K21 Kunstsammlung Nordrhein-Westfalen, Düsseldorf, 18.8 - 4.11.2007] / [edited] by  = herausgegeben von Doris Krystof, Barbara J. Scheuermann
Scrivere con la luce = Writing with light. Parte terza, Gli elementi = The elements
Dario Argento : the man, the myths & the magic
The place of breath in cinema
Composing for the cinema : the theory and praxis of music in film
Logline:  Underrated and fed up with his life, Henri decides to kill himself, but when meeting a  man who tries to help him die, he gets on a journey where he gradually discovers how  to live.  Synopsis:  Henri is middle aged, underrated, lonely and his mother has just died. Henri's crush  doesn't notice him. Even his cat despises him. The system Henri lives in, abuses its  inhabitants. As long as you're alive, you have to pay. Henri has gone through his life  without a say in anything. His mother blamed Henri for everything wrong in her life.  Henri gets a confirmation to what she always said. That him being born was a mistake.  Henri has had enough. He decides to jump off a bridge. Henri is stopped by a man,  Thomas, who suggests they start planning suicide together. Henri's and Thomas' suicide  duo starts, an unusual friendship which developes as Thomas tries to help Henri die. As  they try to find the perfect way to go, Thomas is actually secretly teaching Henri how to  live. This happens gradually as Thomas gives Henri new experiences while emphasizing  the meaning of closures and portaying suicide as pragmatic and tedious. In the course,  Henri starts to change and get out of his shell.  As Henri starts questioning Thomas' reasons, he hears about Hanna, Thomas' daughter,  who he abandoned years ago. Thomas' teachings are starting to backfire, as Henri  decides that Thomas must reap what he sows, and get a closure by meeting Hanna.  Although Thomas tries to obstruct, they get on the road towards Åland. As they are  getting closer, their relationship starts to crack as the tension is rising. Then, a terrible  accident happens. Thomas falls down, hits his head badly and ends up in a coma. Henri  reverts back to his old feelings. He is all alone again. He has lost his only friend.  Henri is torn, but he still decides to get Thomas' closure. He goes to meet Hanna, who  doesn't take the news well of his father, whom she thought was dead. As Henri has  learned how to stick up for himself, he tries to reason with her. Eventually, Hanna  agrees to see him. And after she sees Thomas, she wants to get him home. If not for  getting better, then to die in a familiar place. System acts twisted again, and they end up  stealing Thomas from the hospital. Together with Hanna, they go through the emotions  of letting go of Thomas, at the same time getting to know and finding comfort from  each other. And who knows, maybe even future. As Henri takes off Thomas' life  support, he has learned to live and understood what Thomas was trying to teach him.
Film art : an introduction
Cinematic fictions : [the impact of the cinema on the American novel up to the second World War]
Seeing fictions in film : the epistemology of movies
Art and the moving image : a critical reader
The cinema of Japan & Korea
Cinematography : theory and practice : image making for cinematographers, directors & videographers
Desire unlimited : the cinema of Pedro Almodóvar
One of the first books to explore Russian cinema in the new millennium, this volume captures the emergence of a new cinematic sensibility and interprets it through the framework of the symbolic mode. Analysing films by established directors such as Sokurov, Zviagintsev and Zel'dovich, as well as lesser-known filmmakers like Balabanov, Fedorchenko and Kalatozishvili, Contemporary Russian Cinema: Symbols of a New Era explores the particular style of film presentation that has emerged in Russia since 2000, characterized by its use of highly abstract concepts and visual language. Whether directed towards a mystical world, or even towards an afterlife, the symbolic mode defines the emergence of a specific mindscape which has escaped previous representational forms, and is intrinsically linked to Russia's dramatic political and economic development since the turn of the 21st century.
Designing sound : audiovisual aesthetics in 1970s American cinema
Sound : dialogue, music, and effects
Literature and film, dispositioned : thought, location, world
