http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p143 camps
camps
Between shades of gray
Through camps to Great Mother : nazi camps and temple sites
Abstract: From innocence to freezy : observation of the transition stage from childhood to youth.
The Gulag archipelago 1918-1956 : an experiment in literary investigation. Volume 1
During the Holocaus Jewish mothers and their children were treated by the Nazis not as non-combatants but as enemies posing a direct racial threat to the Reich. This paper will use the recent research into gender and the Holocaust and oral histories of mothers and daughters who survived the Holocaust to show how woment experienced and resisted that status as "enemies" of the Reich. And more to the theological point, this paper will explore how those mothers' suffering and resistance to their own and their children's suffering signals towards another model of convenantal relation between God and Israel where God's promise to Israel in Leviticus 26: "I will be ever in your midst; I will be your God, and you shall be My people" need no longer be figured in terms of loyality and obedience to the commandment of an overbearing Lord.
Under two dictators : prisoner of Stalin and Hitler
The culture of exception : sociology facing the camp
You will not have my hate
The Claygate hound
The story of the communications camp : research report from the communications camps, organized by Communications Education Society
Man's search for meaning
Jasenovac and the holocaust in Yugoslavia : analyses and survivor testimonies
Facing the extreme : moral life in the concentration camps
Terror was central to the Nazi regime, and the Nazi concentration camps were places of horror where prisoners were dehumanized and robbed of their dignity and where millions were murdered. How did prisoners cope with the brutal and degrading conditions of life within the camps? In this highly original book Maja Suderland takes the reader inside the concentration camps and examines the everyday social life of prisoners - their daily activities and routines, the social relationships and networks they created and the strategies they developed to cope with the harsh conditions and the brutality of the guards. Without overlooking the violence of the camps, the contradictions of camp life or the elusive complexity of the multicultural prisoner society, Suderland explores the hidden social practices that enabled prisoners to preserve their human dignity and create a sense of individuality and community despite the appalling circumstances. This remarkable account of social life in extreme conditions will be of great interest to students and scholars in history, sociology and the social sciences generally, as well as to a wider readership interested in the Holocaust and the concentration camps.
The Gulag archipelago 1918-1956 : an experiment in literary investigation. Volume 2
Media summer camp 2008 : "Dreams"
Everything beautiful
Eye of the storm
Chełmno and the Holocaust : A History of Hitler's First Death Camp
How I survived bullies, broccoli, and Snake Hill
Current issues of youth sport camp : a case study from the 2008 Piispala ice hockey camp
Golf school : summer golf camps for juniors
Summer on the short bus
Percy Jackson and the Sea of monsters
The next-to-final solution : a Belgian detention camp for Hitler refugees
Hotel on the corner of Bitter and Sweet : a novel
Fright camp
When Abby returns to the same summer camp she always goes to, she is dismayed to find that her old friends have changed, and the only person who wants to be her friend is the strange new girl, Shasta / WorldCat.
The Gulag archipelago 1918-1956 : an experiment in literary investigation. Volume 3
The ideal refugees : gender, islam, and the Sahrawi politics of survival
Amy and Amber
The royalist
Cowstails and Cobras II : a guide to games, initiatives, ropes courses & adventure curriculum
The kiss of the Shekhinah : narratives of human and divine motherhood in the Holocaust
Auschwitz, Poland, and the politics of commemoration, 1945-1979
The story of Pitkis-Sport in Satakunnan kansa : content analysis of newspaper articles on a children and youth sports camp
Thailand-Burma border : history and current issues
A study of international work camp volunteers' attitudes and experiences of English as a lingua franca
True at first light
We make the future : communication camps and Know-how-talkoot
We make the future : communication camps and know-how-talkoot
Life beyond the camp : rethinking return, reconstruction and women's expression of lived experiences in Northern Uganda
Youth in everyday life contexts
Camps : a guide to 21st-century space
A man lies dreaming
Kolyma : the arctic death camps
British campaign furniture : elegance under canvas, 1740-1914
Don't look back
The first circle
What matters most in life? How do you build a happy life when terrible things happen? What is left behind when you lose the person you love the most? One night last winter, Antoine Leiris was at home looking after his son while his wife, Helene, was at a concert with friends. Suddenly he started receiving text messages asking if he was ok. Turning on the TV, Antoine watched the terrorist attacks in Paris unfolding around him and tried to call Helene. She didn't answer. That night Helene was killed, along with 88 other people, at the Bataclan Theatre. Three days later, Antoine wrote an open letter to his wife's killers on Facebook. He refused to be cowed or to let his 17-month-old son's life be defined by their acts. 'For as long as he lives, this little boy will insult you with his happiness and freedom,' he wrote. Instantly, that short post caught fire and was shared thousands of times around the world. You Will Not Have My Hate is an extraordinary and heartbreaking memoir about how Antoine, and his baby son Melvil, endured after Helene's murder. With courage, moral acuity, and absolute emotional honesty, he finds a way to answer the question, how can I go on? This is the rare and unforgettable testimony of a survivor, and a universal message of hope and resilience. This book is a guiding star for us all in perilous times.
European children's drama and video camp in Finland July 27 - August 4, 2002
The death's head Chess Club
Gentlemen Broncos
One day in the life of Ivan Denisovich
Creating a personal hockey development camp
Selected research problems in the geography of pilgrimages
The masked truth
One Quaker's Nordic camp
Inside concentration camps : social life at the extremes
Hotel on the corner of bitter and sweet : a novel
Lying about last summer
Chil Rajchman, a Polish Jew, was twenty-eight years old when he was arrested in October 1942 and sent to Treblinka, a death camp where more than 750,000 Jews were murdered before it was abandoned by German soldiers. This is an unembellished and exact record of the raw horror he endured every day in the camp.
How to go wild
Auschwitz : how many perished Jews, Poles, Gypsies ..
African nomadic architecture : space, place and gender
City of thorns : nine lives in the world's largest refugee camp
Notes from my travels : visits with refugees in Africa, Cambodia, Pakistan and Ecuador
Return to sleepaway camp
Way back home
I never saw another butterfly : children's drawings and poems from Terezín concentration camp, 1942-1944
Stalin's slave ships : Kolyma, the Gulag fleet, and the role of the West
The storyteller
Warfare in the ancient world
On a September day in Manhattan in 1939, twenty-something Caroline Ferriday is consumed by her efforts to secure the perfect boutonniere for an important French diplomat and resisting the romantic advances of a married actor. Meanwhile across the Atlantic, Kasia Kuzmerick, a Polish Catholic teenager, is nervously anticipating the changes that are sure to come since Germany has declared war on Poland. As tensions rise abroad - and in her personal life - Caroline's interest in aiding the war effort in France grows and she eventually comes to hear about the dire situation at the Ravensbruck all-female concentration camp. At the same time, Kasia's carefree youth is quickly slipping away, only to be replaced by a fervor for the Polish resistance movement. Through Ravensbruck - and the horrific atrocities taking place there told in part by an infamous German surgeon, Herta Oberheuser - the two women's lives will converge in unprecedented ways and a novel of redemption and hope emerges that is breathtaking in scope and depth.
The zookeeper's wife : a war story
Bloodlands : Europe between Hitler and Stalin
The World camp : Foxlease 1924.
From the history of KL Auschwitz. Vol. 2.
The Gulag archipelago 1918-1956 : An experiment in literary investigation
Prague in danger : the years of German occupation, 1939-45 : memories and history, terror and resistance, theater and jazz, film and poetry, politics and war
Bibliography on holocaust literature
The edge
Rydno : a Stone Age red ochre quarry and socioeconomic center : a century of research
