http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14368 Danish language literature
Danish language literature
When we get to the end ... : towards a narratology of the fairy tales of Hans Christian Andersen
Isak Dinesen and narrativity : reassessments for the 1990s
The Babel guide to Scandinavian and Baltic fiction
Hans Christian Andersen : a new life
TALES FROM HANS ANDERSEN
The swan's stories
The raiders
The aristocratic universe of Karen Blixen : destiny and the denial of fate
Following the animal : power, agency, and human-animal transformations in modern, northern-European literature
Death zones
HIS CLASSIC FAIRY TALES
Priority : a correspondence published by Jean-Luc Foreur
Miss Smilla's feeling for snow
The Wild Swans : also includes The Nightingale
H.C. Andersen : old problems and new readings
Smilla's sense of snow
A short life of Kierkegaard
Saxo Grammaticus. Volume 2, Gesta Danorum : The History of the Danes
We, the drowned
The vanished
Hans Christian Andersen : stories and fairy tales
Ugly ducklings? : Studies in the English translations of Hans Christian Andersen's tales and stories
Hans Andersen's fairy tales
Catalogue of Arabic manuscripts : codices Arabici Arthur Christenseniani
Danish writers from the Reformation to decadence, 1550-1900
Quests for a promised land : the works of Martin Andersen Nexø
The hanging girl : a Department Q thriller
The complete fairy tales
The dinosaur feather
The last good man
The library of shadows
100 Danish poems : from the medieval period to the present day : bilingual edition
The girl in the ice
The arc of the swallow
The little mermaid
Lime's photograph
Hans Christian Andersen :  stories and tales
A history of Scandinavian literatures. Vol. 1, A history of Danish literature
The Hermit
Tales of the night
Dead souls
The prophets of Eternal Fjord
The history of Danish dreams
Only one life
Chaucer in Denmark : a study of the translation and reception history 1782-2012
Wildfire / Lene Kaaberbøl ; illustrated by Rohan Eason ; translated by Charlotte Barslund
The shipwreck
The snowstorm
Theatrical and narrative space : studies in Ibsen, Strindberg and J.P. Jacobsen
The Ice Virgin (1862) is the most ambitious and searching of all Andersen's narratives. Its subject is Switzerland, which Andersen saw as a paradigm of the human condition. The relationship between a gifted young climber-hunter from the remote Bernese Oberland and a prosperous miller's daughter from a comfortable French-speaking canton plays out themes such as instinct versus reason, daring versus security, the role of early experience in shaping identity. In the terrifying Ice Virgin and her eerie minions, with their implacable hatred of humankind, we have a glimpse of the fairy tale Andersen.
Fairy tales of Hans Christian Andersen
My friend Jesus Christ
Wildfire
The ugly duckling and other stories
The purity of vengeance : a Department Q novel
Andersen's fairy tales
The emperor's new clothes
The boy in the suitcase
The Nordic Poetry Festival anthology
Benny Andersen : a critical study
The Little Marmaid and other fairy tales
Anxiety in Eden : a Kierkegaardian reading of Paradise lost
FAIRY TALES
Lying at the bottom of his apartment stairs, a postman is found dead. At first glance, his death appears to be a tragic accident. However, when Detective Superintendent Konrad Simonsen is called to investigate, he notices that something doesn't add up. Did he fall? When life-sized images of a vanished girl are discovered plastering the walls of the dead man's attic, the case takes a new and sinister turn. Who is she? Could she be alive? Soon the homicide team find themselves delving into the past, but as they approach the truth, Simonsen is forced to confront long-hidden skeletons in his own cupboard.
Snow Queen and other stories
Death of a nightingale
This should be written in the present tense
The stories of Hans Christian Andersen
Fairy tales from Hans Andersen : a classical illustrated edition
Tales of Hans Christian Andersen
Hans Christian Andersen : between children's literature and adult literature : papers from the fourth International Hans Christian Andersen Conference 1 to 5 August 2005
The wild swans
The Snow Queen
THE UGLY DUCKLING
What the Moon saw & other tales
The steadfast tin soldier
