http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14333 gold mining
gold mining
Gold seeking : Victoria and California in the 1850s
The Luminaries
Lapp gold is not a thing of the past
Staratel'skaâ dobyc̆a zolota v Gvinee = Artisanal gold mining in Guinea
Blackwater creek
Daughter of fortune
Gold fever : one man's adventures on the trail of the Gold Rush
Shooting stars : ten historical miniatures
Redeeming love : a novel
Museum of Gold and of the Bessa - conservation of the Bessa auriferous site: Written by Aldo Rochetti and presented by Arturo Ramella WGA
Preface: The following short description of the Lappish gold veins is made after a sojourn of three months in Lapland. Anyone not personally acquainted with the geology of these parts needs advice and help in many cases. All the members of the Geological Survey of Finland have kindly provided me with ample information, for which I beg to be allowed to express my sincerest thanks. Most of all am I obliged to Dr. J. J. Sederholm for many valuable hints as to the local geology, and to Mr. V. Tanner, whose knowledge of the country and its inhabitants was a great help to me during the first fortnight of my sojourn in Lapland. Curt Fircks. Helsingfors, autumn 1906.
Trail of the Wild West
The California gold rush
A guide to the gold fields of Lapland
International gold symposium
The promised land
"Gold is illusion" : the Garimpeiros of Tapajos Valley in the Brazilian Amazonia
Days of gold : the California Gold Rush and the American nation
The call of the wild ; White fang ; The sea-wolf ; 40 short stories
On the occurrence of gold in Finnish Lapland
Path of empire : Panama and the California Gold Rush
Gold in Finnish Lapland
The forty-niners
International Goldsymposium : Tankavaara, Finland 9th of August 2006.
The Arctic voyages of Martin Frobisher : an Elizabethan adventure
A traditional gold claim : mini-glossary
Gold in the Yellowknife greenstone belt, Northwest Territories : results of the EXTECH III multidisciplinary research project : collected papers and DVD of data reporting on results of the Yellowknife EXTECH III multidisciplinary research project
Alchemy in the rain forest : politics, ecology, and resilience in a New Guinea mining area
Early gold mining on the Zimbabwean plateau : changing patterns of gold production in the first and second millennia AD
Comparison of gold leaching technologies
Kultajoki = The golden river of Lapland
Precious dust : the saga of the western gold rushes
Technology, environment, and techno-environment: towards sociocultural and environmental aspects of technology
The power of gold : the history of an obsession
Golden times : the official newsletter of The World Goldspanning Association
Scottish gold : fruit of the nation
