http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14366 ice cream industry
ice cream industry
Food engineering and dairy technology
Activity-based costing in packaging logistics : case Pingviini
Från fil till glass = Viilistä jäätelöön = From curdled milk to ice cream : Ingman Group 1929-2009
Dairy handbook
Licks, sticks & bricks : a world history of ice cream
Dairy microbiology. Vol. 2, The microbiology of milk products
Ice cream and related products
The science of ice cream
Abstract:.
The ice cream industry
Modern dairy technology. Vol. 2, Advances in milk products
Ice Cream, 7th Edition focuses on the science and technology of frozen dessert production and quality. It explores the entire scope of the ice cream and frozen dessert industry, from the chemical, physical, engineering and biological principles of the production process to the distribution of the finished product. It is intended for industry personnel from large to small scale processors and suppliers to the industry and for teachers and students in dairy or food science or related disciplines. While it is technical in scope, it also covers much practical knowledge useful to anyone with an interest in frozen dessert production. World-wide production and consumption data, global regulations and, as appropriate, both SI and US units are provided, so as to ensure its relevance to the global frozen dessert industry. This edition has been completely revised from the previous edition, updating technical information on ingredients and equipment and providing the latest research results. Two new chapters on ice cream structure and shelf-life have been added, and much material has been rearranged to improve its presentation. Outstanding in its breadth, depth and coherence, Ice Cream, 7th Edition continues its long tradition as the definitive and authoritative resource for ice cream and frozen dessert producers. H. Douglas Goff is a Professor of Food Science at the University of Guelph, Canada. He has been teaching and conducting research in ice cream science and technology for more than 30 years. Richard W. Hartel is a Professor of Food Engineering in the Department of Food Science at the University of Wisconsin-Madison, USA. He has over 20 years of experience working on the structural attributes of ice cream.
Caminito : ice-cream shop and cafeteria
