http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1436 materialism
materialism
A history of Russian philosophy. 1
The German ideology 1 : With selections from part two and three, together with Marx's "Introduction to a critique of political economy"
Psychological explanation : an introduction to the philosophy of psychology
"In this work, Alan McCluskey explores materialism, in its many conceptual forms, in the contemporary cosmopolitan novel. The author applies a "cosmopolitan materialist" lens to the contemporary novels of Caryl Phillips, J. M. Coetzee, and Philip Roth, three contemporary authors who each hail from different parts of the world and produce highly dissimilar novels. His analysis illuminates stylistic qualities of contemporary literature that might otherwise remain unseen or unappreciated. Through the framework of cosmopolitanism, he also interprets and gains insight into the aesthetic, cultural, and socio-political implications of human life in an increasingly globalizing and interconnected context"--
Writings of the young Marx on philosophy and society
A physicalist manifesto : thoroughly modern materialism
Problems of the history of philosophy
Man and materialism
The treatment of East and West in three novels by R. K. Narayan
The evolution of dialectical materialism : a philosophical and sociological analysis
The importance of subjectivity : selected essays in metaphysics and ethics
Science at the cross roads : papers presented to the International Congress of the History of Science and Technology, held in London from June 29. to July 3., 1931.
Political identity : thinking through Marx
Household gods : the British and their possessions
Beyond the myths of culture : essays in cultural materialism
Reason and relativism : a Sartrean investigation
Ludwig Feuerbach and the end of classical German philosophy
Marxism and history : a critical introduction
Physicalism : the philosophical foundations
Abstract.
Making things international, 2. Catalysts and reactions
Issues in Marxist philosophy. Vol. 2, Materialism
Materialism and the mind-body problem
Philosophy in the USSR : problems of dialectical materialism
Does it matter? : essays on man's relation to materiality
Supervenience and materialism. Mark Rowlands
Affluenza : how to be successful and stay sane
The philosophy of Epicurus. : Letters, doctrines, and parallel passages from Lucretius;translated with commentary and an introduction essay on ancient materialsm
Dialectical materialism & psychoanalysis
There is currently an epidemic of 'affluenza' throughout the world - an obsessive, envious, keeping-up-with-the-Joneses - that has resulted in huge increases in depression and anxiety among millions. Over a nine-month period, bestselling author Oliver James travelled around the world to try and find out why. He discovered how, despite very different cultures and levels of wealth, affluenza is spreading. Cities he visited include Sydney, Singapore, Moscow, Budapest, Copenhagen, Delhi and Shanghai, and in each place he interviewed several groups of people in the hope of finding out not only why this is happening, but also how one can increase the strength of one's emotional immune system. He asks: why do so many more people want what they haven't got and want to be someone they're not, despite being richer and freer from traditional restraints? And, in so doing, uncovers the answer to how to reconnect with what really matters and learn to value what you've already got. In other words, how to be successful and stay sane--Publisher.
Absolute recoil : towards a new foundation of dialectical materialism
The waning of materialism
For the past thirty-five years, S. T. Joshi has been one of the leading authorities on H. P. Lovecraft. As Lovecraft’s editor and biographer, Joshi has revolutionized our understanding of the dreamer from Providence. This enormous volume, which contains all the critical essays that Joshi has written since 1979, is a treasure-house of scholarship that exhibits Joshi’s all-encompassing knowledge of Lovecraft the man, writer, and thinker. Joshi has focused on a holistic understanding of Lovecraft, integrating his life and thought into the study of his work. Lovecraft, the atheist and materialist, infused his worldview into each tale, essay, and poem. Joshi has studied the interrelations between Lovecraft’s life and work in such papers as “Autobiography in Lovecraft” and “Lovecraft and the Munsey Magazines.” Joshi’s analysis of Lovecraft’s philosophical thought comes forth in such major essays as “Lovecraft’s Alien Civilisations: A Political Interpretation” and “H. P. Lovecraft: The Fiction of Materialism.” Joshi has also devoted much attention to neglected aspects of Lovecraft’s work, and this book contains illuminating discussions of Lovecraft’s poetry, essays, and letters. Joshi’s landmark study “Textual Problems in Lovecraft” laid the groundwork for his corrected editions of Lovecraft’s tales. A final section of the book studies Lovecraft’s legacy and influence, including a lengthy essay on the Cthulhu Mythos and, as a capstone, a transcript of Joshi’s keynote address at the NecronomiCon convention of 2013. This mammoth volume features nearly four decades of scholarship on one of the towering writers of the twentieth century, written by one of his most insightful interpreters.
Behind the crisis : Marx's dialectics of value and knowledge
A generation of materialism, 1871-1900
After physicalism
A contemporary critique of historical materialism. [1]
Historical materialism : a system of sociology
What is surplus value?
Objections to physicalism
A history of Russian philosophy. 2
Dialectical materialism : an introduction. 1, Materialism and the dialectical method
The mind-body problem : an opionated introduction
Essays in the history of materalism
T.S. Eliot, poetry, and earth : the name of the lotos rose
Physicalism and mental causation : the metaphysics of mind and action
The 100 thing challenge : how I got rid of almoust everything, remade my life, and regained my soul
The new materialism : Althusser, Badiou, and Žižek
Matter and sense : a critique of contemporary materialism
The story of Paesi (Paesi-kahāṇayaṃ) : soul and body in ancient India : a dialogue on materialism : text, translation, notes and glossary
More than belief : a materialist theory of religion
How does materiality matter for the social sciences?
The three sources and three component parts of marxism
Consciousness and the prospects of physicalism
An introduction to dialectical materialism
Towards the understanding of Karl Marx : a revolutionary interpretation
Disappearance and knowledge : an examination of the epistemological implications of eliminative materialism
Basic writings on politics and philosophy
Dialectical materialism : an introduction. 3, Theory of knowledge
Politics and philosophy : Niccolò Machiavelli and Louis Althusser's aleatory materialism
Locke's touchy subjects : materialism and immortality
John Locke and personal identity : immortality and bodily resurrection in seventeenth-century philosophy
Can matter mark the hours? : eigteenth-century vitalist materialism and functional properties
Boundaries and Agency in Climate Uncertainty : Encountering Traditional Knowledge at he Edges of Science ; Lisa M. Cockburn
Fundamental problems of marxism
On practice : on the relation between knowledge and practice, between knowing and doing = Shijianlun : lunrenshi he shijian de guanxi, zhi he xing de guanxi
Passages from antiquity to feudalism
Political physics : Deleuze, Derrida, and the body politic
Plastic materialities : politics, legality, and metamorphosis in the work of Catherine Malabou
Becoming earth is about how we can write and tell stories in a way that allows us to collaborate and be stewards and partners of the (natural) world - our earth - rather than dominators of it. That is what this assemblage is about: about trying to take seriously the minor politics of sensing, experimenting with questions of attending and attuning to difference, contestation, nomadism, relationality, and permeability in sensing cultivating muchness, newness, communities of acceptance and decision making. Going beyond the binaries, dualisms, instrumentalist criteria, etc., and supplying third space conceptions of agency not tied to human action alone, but rather examining human and more-than human relational assemblages of affecting and being affected. The tasks for educators becoming not merely people who pass on traditions, institutions, systems and/or structures, but prepare for future contingent events ultimately creates vital pedagogies of many prospects in our classrooms and exceeds forms of contracts between generations. These are embodied ecologies and/or enacting ecologies in practice showing the practical and political strength of new materialisms and presenting its potential and usefulness to simultaneously work and analyse local and global political strategies and sustainability. Making virtuality productive as a form of life: our wonderings are thus always stronger than our assertions. The sometimes fierce stories in this book might light some paths.
Proudhonist materialism and revolutionary doctrine
History and obstinacy
Consciousness revisited : materialism without phenomenal concepts
Modern materialism : readings on mind-body identity
Meaning, measure, and morality of materialism : proceedings of the Research Workshop on Materialism and Other Consumption Orientations at Kingston, Ontario, June 25-28, 1992
Global restructuring, state, capital and labour : contesting neo-Gramscian perspectives
A materialist metaphysics of the human person
New historicism and cultural materialism : a reader
Class analysis and social research
On materialism
The laws of social development
The rise of neoliberalism in advanced capitalist economies : towards a materialist explanation
Persons and minds : the prospects of nonreductive materialism
Philosophy and myth in Karl Marx
Gramsci, historical materialism and international relations
Dialectical materialism and scientific method
Rethinking Marx
"T. S. Eliot enjoyed a profound relationship with Earth. Etienne Terblanche demonstrates that Eliot presents Earth as a process in which humans immerse themselves. The Waste Land and Four Quartets in particular re-locate the modern reader towards mindfulness of Earth's continuation as a process in which one participates. These findings, based on careful reading of the poems, allows the book to venture into ecocritical terrain, focusing on the recent advent of new materialism as a microcosm of the ecocriticism, building on and/or critiquing the work of Edward Said, Jacques Derrida, Gary Snyder, Jane Bennett, and others. Here the argument delves into important questions about the relative crisis within ecocriticism to which Eliot's poetry may well give a certain direction. His poetry uses indirectness and skepticism as avenues into directness and affirmation of earthly being and non-being, speaking to the ways in which new materialism places ecocriticism between fairly drastic material skepticism based on the linguistic and affirmation of earthly agency. Should new materialism continue to clamor towards the linguistic turn? Should it perpetuate the twin legacies of culture studies that avoid actual analysis in response to the real presence of great art and poststructuralist infinite differentiation that undermines not only real poetic presence, but also that of an agentic Earth? The argument seeks answers to these questions from the eco-logos of Eliot's poems, that is, the way in which they orient themselves within Earth's remarkably continuing process. It concludes that his poetic project marks an illuminating instance of the continuing bond between meaningfulness and the primacy of humanity's connections with Earth, providing impetus to ecocriticism's way forward" --
Critique of intelligent design : materialism versus creationism from antiquity to the present
Fundamental problems of marxism : with an appendix of his essays: The materialist conception of history, The role of the individual in history
How to Study Historical Materialism
"Drawing widely from contemporary social and critical thought, Making Things International 2 offers provocative interventions into debates about causality, connection, and politics through the notion of assemblage. Political assemblages, especially those that cross national borders, can be catalyzed by a host of surprising sparks. Present-day global systems are complex and interdependent, but the worn tools of traditional international relations theory are unsuited to the task of understanding how objects, ideas, and people come together to create, dispute, solve, or perhaps cause these political configurations. Contributors to this volume bring to their work a new sensitivity toward issues of power, authority, control, and sovereignty. The companion volume, Making Things International 1: Circuits and Motion, used things, stuff, and objects in motion to capture the material dynamics of global politics and to demonstrate the importance of the material.This volume builds on that conversation by examining objects that incite political assemblages. Specific subjects include fighter jets, smartphones, tents, HTTP cookies, representations of North Korea, and histories of the diplomatic cable, the orange prison jumpsuit, and container shipping. Contributors: Rune Saugmann Andersen, U of Helsinki; Josef Teboho Ansorge; Claudia Aradau, King's College London; Helen Arfvidsson; Alexander D. Barder, Florida International U; Tarak Barkawi, London School of Economics; Peter Chambers; Shine Choi, Seoul National U; Sagi Cohen; Thomas N.Cooke; Anna Feigenbaum, Bournemouth U; Andreas Folkers, Goethe-U Frankfurt; Fabian Frenzel, U of Leicester; Kyle Grayson, Newcastle U; Nicky Gregson, Durham U; David Grondin, U of Ottawa; Xavier Guillaume, U of Edinburgh; Emily Lindsay Jackson, Acadia U; Miguel de Larrinaga, U of Ottawa; Debbie Lisle, Queen's U Belfast; Mary Manjikian, Regent U; Nadine Marquardt, Goethe-U Frankfurt; Patrick McCurdy, U of Ottawa; Adam Sandor; Nisha Shah, U of Ottawa; Julian Stenmanns, Goethe-U Frankfurt; Casper Sylvest, U of Southern Denmark; Rens van Munster, Danish Institute for International Studies; Elspeth Van Veeren, U of Bristol; Srdjan Vucetic, U of Ottawa; Juha A. Vuori, U of Turku; Tobias Wille. "--
Optiques : the science of the eye and the birth of modern French fiction
Religion, politics, and the earth : the new materialism
Postmodern materialism and the future of Marxist theory : essays in the Althusserian tradition
A reconstruction of historical materialism
A philosophy of matter and mind : a new look at an old major topic in philosophy
Materiality and the modern cosmopolitan novel
A trained philosopher and intellectual historian as well as a writer of genius, C. S. Lewis was one of the most lucid, profound, and eloquent critics of the reductive scientific materialism that has helped make the twentieth century so destructive and confused. The Restitution of Man examines the conflict between scientific materialism and the Christian philosophical tradition as it has taken place since the seventeenth century. It examines Lewis's role as inheritor of and spokesman of this tradition and as an articulate opponent of reductive naturalism and "the abolition of man" that materialistic ideologies always entail. In probing the breadth of Lewis's writings, Michael Aeschliman shows why Lewis's apologetic for the Christian view of man is a precious resource for the transmission of human sanity, ethics, and wisdom in an age that has frequently ignored or obliterated all three. This revised edition of Aeschliman's acclaimed study includes a new foreword by George Gilder and a new afterword by the author.
Materialism in search of a soul : a scientific critique of historial materialism
"Ecocriticsim is the study of literature and the environment from an interdisciplinary point of view, coming together to analyze the environment and determine possible solutions for the correction of the contemporary environmental situation. The discipline was heralded by publication of The Ecocrticism Reader (U Georgia, 1996) and Lawrence Buell's The Environmental Imagination (Harvard, 1995). Recently, all kinds of "texts" have been subjected to ecocritical methods (film, TV, scientific narrative, and architecture as well as nature writing and Romantic poetry) and questions about place (see our Getting Back into Place, 2nd ed., 2009), materialism (agency, process, and relationship), grounding in the natural sciences, and philosophical precision have defined the movement. This edited volume aims to bring ecocriticism closer to the material turn. The essays collected here focus on material entanglements, the agency of things, processes, and making meaning out of matter and things. It is an effective an broad-ranging reflection on contemporary human experience and human expression about the world to which we are intimately connected. Boith Iovino and Opperman are well know as ecocrtical theorists. They have collected essays from many of the stars in the discipline and this volume should set a new benchmark for the field"--
Marx's method : ideology, science and critique in capital
Metaphilosophy
Essays on the materialistic conception of history
Language of the heart : a Sufi interpretation of form and meaning in contemporary society
The destruction of reason
Moving materialities : on poetic materiality and translation, with special reference to Gunnar Björling's poetry
Body and soul : the transcendence of materialism
Marx's theory of history : the contemporary debate
Boundaries and Agency in Climate Uncertainty : Encountering Traditional Knowledge at the Edges of Science
Philosophical arabesques
Kinder than solitude : a novel
Philosophy of mind : an introduction
For Marx
Time for revolution
The science delusion : freeing the spirit of enquiry
Democracy against capitalism : renewing historical materialism
Theoretical logic in sociology. Vol. 2, The antinomies of classical thought : Marx and Durkheim
Ethics and the materialist conception of history
The rediscovery of common sense philosophy
Philosophy, science and man : Soviet delegation reports for the XIII world congress of philosophy
Adorno on nature
Marxism and "primitive" societies : two studies
Marxism and historical writing
Karl Marx's interpretation of history
The eighteenth century French materialists and "mechanistic materialism"
Historical materialism
The origin of man
Introduction to modernity : twelve preludes, September 1959-May 1961
The lost generation in F. Scott Fitzgerald's The great Gatsby
Cultural theorist Rushkoff reveals how corporations have come to dominate all aspects of life--including our inner lives--and what to do about it. In tracing the roots of corporatism from the Renaissance to today, Rushkoff reveals the way it supplanted social interaction and local commerce and came to be regarded as a pre-existing condition of our world.
The restitution of man : C.S. Lewis and the case against scientism
Becoming earth : a post human turn in educational discourse collapsing nature/culture divides
The algebra of revolution : the dialectic and the classical Marxist tradition
The mechanical mind : a philosophical introduction to minds, machines and mental representation
Paul M. Churchland's eliminative materialism
The Gramscian moment : philosophy, hegemony, and Marxism
Studies in the history of Indian philosophy : an anthology of articles by scholars eastern and western. Vol. 2
Lovecraft and a world in transition : collected essays on H. P. Lovecraft
Problems of socialist theory
Thinking matter : materialism in eighteenth century Britain
Dialectical materialism : an introduction. 2, Historical materialism
The tyranny of concepts : a critique of Marxism
The archaeology of consumer culture
The German ideology
Visionary materialism in the early works of William Blake : the intersection of enthusiasm and empiricism
Mao Zedong on dialectical materialism : writings on philosophy, 1937
Life inc : how corporatism conquered the world, and how we can take it back
Science and philosophy in the Soviet Union
Reflections on the Marxist theory of history
In a materialist way : selected essays
Matter matters : metaphysics and methodology in the early modern period
Toy medium : materialism and modern lyric
A materialist theory of the mind
The basic principles of dialectical and historical materialism
Materialist feminism and the politics of discourse
