http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14315 animal farms
animal farms
What comes after
We visit the farm : Reproductions of antique dimensional pictures by Ernest Nister
Human-animal relationship : stockmanship and housing in organic livestock systems : proceedings of the third NAHWOA Workshop Clermont-Ferrand, 21-24 October 2000
Plant communities of field boundaries in Finnish farmland
Friends go adventuring
Old Macdonald's things that go
Veterinary public health and control of zoonoses in developing countries : summary of comments and discussions from the FAO/WHO/OIE electronic conference = Santé publique vétérinaire et contrôle des zoonoses dans les pays en développement : résumé des commentaires et discussions de la Conférence électronique FAO/OMS/OIE = Salud pública veterinaria y control de zoonosis en países en desarrollo : resumen de comentarios y discusiones de la Conferencia electrónica FAO/OMS/OIE
My first book of farm animals
Animals at the farm = Animales de la granja
This study estimated the possibilities of reducing costs and improving input use in a sample of Swedish farms specialising in beef production. Input use efficiency was measured in a multi-output, multi-input function distance function analysis, covering the period 2008-2011. For comparison, both the classical radial and the generalised non-parametric approach were used. The results revealed that on average, costs could be decreased by 20%. Both models constructed frontiers where: i) the rankings of farms according to efficiency were positively and highly correlated and ii) the size and the significance of the parameter estimates were similar. Input-saving technologies were found to be positively influenced by livestock density, pasture availability and the use of coupled income support. Larger farms, farms with higher specialisation in beef cattle, farms with a larger number of animals older than 2 years, farms converting to organic production, farms located in less favoured areas and farms located in regions with a shorter grazing period were found be less efficient.
Farm sanctuary : changing hearts and minds about animals and food
The allergy and asthma protective effects of farm environment and pet animals : the role of immunomodulation
Little Tractor and friends
Farmer George and the lost chick
Animal manure recycling : treatment and management
My first book of the farm
Chicks just want to have fun
The compensatory effect of environmental subsidies for agri-environmental output constraints was evaluated through a comparative analysis observing the 'pure' efficiency, as a benchmark for prevailing production conditions, and the 'compensated' efficiency, as a proxy indicator of the compensation. An unbalanced data panel covering 3578 Swedish dairy farms in the period 2002-2012 was used. The analysis showed that in the study period, environmental farm support decreased the differences in farm revenue generated by agri-environmental output constraints in Sweden. However, the environmental support distribution did not succeed in meeting regional needs, so difficulties in farmers' ability to generate output in southern and central forest and valley areas of Sweden were visible. Furthermore, the environmental agricultural support had only a partial subsidisation effect on 'green' farm management practices, with full compensation being achieved for organic and capital-extensive farming, whereas low livestock density farming was not sufficiently compensated. This analysis reveals incentives with policy implications for farm economic performance and provides direct input to future policy recommendations for environmental support allocation.
Cattle housing design : Danish recommendations : interdisciplinary report
Farm animals
Noddy and the farmyard muddle
Welcome to Silver Street farm
It's so unfair!
The sheep won't sleep
Building for the cow
World animal science. B 5, Bioclimatology and the adaptation of livestock
The cow that laid an egg
Where are my lambs?
Jake our hero
Fox on the loose!
It's a dog's life
Farm animal welfare and production in relation to farmer attitudes
Precision livestock farming applications : making sense of sensors to support farm management
Pure and compensated efficiency of Swedish dairy farms
The objective of the study was to analyze how farmers' managerial thinking and management process effectiveness contribute to profitability of farming. A structural equation model of these two elements of management capacity and financial performance was applied on survey data and bookkeeping results from 117 dairy farms. The model explained one-fourth of the varying profitability of sample farms. The results show that farmers' managerial thinking is connected to farm profitability, but management process effectiveness is not. It was concluded that it is essential for good performance that the farmer has a clear vision of developing farming with business and investment plans. Successful farmers also have a firm confidence in their managerial skills, a strong emphasis on instrumental and intrinsic values, and a high appreciation of farming as occupation. They also see the farm as an entrepreneurial business unit and intend to follow the corresponding principles of management.
Spot's noisy farm
House guests house pests : a natural history of animals in the home
Audrey (cow) : an oral account of a most daring escape, based more or less on a true story
Spot the lamb on the farm
Input saving possibilities and practices contributing to more efficient beef production in Sweden
Baby farm animals
A way of life : sheepdog training, handling and trialling
A founder of an organization dedicated to promoting the compassionate treatment of animals and combating factory farming addresses the ethics of breeding animals for food, exposing inhumane practices utilized by typical food-production companies.
Livestock keepers : guardians of biodiversity
Heat loss from animals and man : assessment and control : proceedings of the 20th Easter School in Agricultural Science, University of Nottingham, 1973
Improving farm animal welfare : science and society working together: the welfare quality approach
Higgledy piggledy : the hen who loved to dance
The scarecrows' wedding
Farmers' managerial thinking and management process effectiveness as factors of financial success on Finnish dairy farms
Manure nutrient content in the Baltic Sea countries
Applying HACCP-based quality risk management on dairy farms
The connection between on-farm assessed welfare (A-index) and production parameters of the sows
Hushabye Lily
The old woman who loved to read
Compassion, by the pound : the economics of farm animal welfare
After the death of her father, sixteen-year-old Iris Wight is uprooted from her hometown in Maine and sent to live on a farm in Craven County, North Carolina, with her hard-bitten aunt Sue and her hulking, monosyllabic cousin, Book. Almost immediately, Iris, a vegetarian and animal lover, clashes with Aunt Sue, who mistreats her livestock, fritters away Iris s small inheritance, and thinks nothing of striking Iris for the smallest offense. Grief-stricken and alone, Iris finds solace in her aunt s willful but lovable herd of goats. But when Iris sets two of the young goats free to save them from slaughter, the tensions between her and Aunt Sue come to a frightening and violent head. Can Iris recover from tragedy for a second time and find a way to save not only her beloved goats but also herself? Powerful and deeply moving, "What Comes After" is at its heart an affirmation of the redemptive power of animals and the resilience of the human spirit / WorldCat.
Ecological animal husbandry in the Nordic countries : proceedings from NJF-seminar no. 303 Horsens, Denmark 16-17 September 1999
Martin's mice
There's a cow in the cabbage patch
On the farm : our holiday with uncle Kev
Input substitution and technological development on Finnish dairy farms for 1965-1991 : empirical application on bookkeeping dairy farms
Sheep
Conducting on-farm animal research : procedures & economic analysis
Betty O'Barley and Harry O'Hay invite you to... the best wedding ever, the best wedding yet, the wedding that no one will ever forget!
On the farm
Horses and ponies
Billy the Kid goes wild
