http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14346 gender structure
gender structure
The social role and evolution of the teaching profession in historical context. Vol. 5, The development of creative activities, research activities, educational innovations and initiatives of teachers and Male and female teachers in the history of education, the process of feminization of the teaching profession
Flexible working and organisational change : the integration of work and personal life
Gender and art
Distribution of seats between men and women in national parliaments : statistical data from 1945 to 30 June 1991 = Répartition des sièges entre hommes et femmes dans les parlements nationaux : données statistiques de 1945 au 30 juin 1991.
Gender dimensions of Viet Nam's comprehensive macroeconomic and structural reform policies
The sex and age distribution of the world populations : the 1996 revision
Board Diversity: Does it Exist and does it Matter?
Hegemony, contradiction, and gender in the context of finnish university physics
The Kuranko : dimensions of social reality in a West African society
Unnatural selection : choosing boys over girls, and the consequences of a world full of men
Participation of women and men in decision-making : an analysis of five European organisations
20 years of making babies that were never born : Japanese family friendly policies for the diminishing social ideal
Sex ratios : consepts and research methods
Migration and reintegration in rural Turkey : the role of women behing
Power we live by and agree on : a study on power relations and gender in the context of Finnish university physics : research plan
Gender equality : transforming family divisions of labor
Contemporary issues of occupational education in Finland
Väestöennuste kunnittain 2012-2040 = Befolkningsprognos kommunvis = Population projection by municipality
Gender, work and medicine : women and the medical division of labour
Feeding the family : the social organization of caring as gendered work
Three essays on the economics of institutions
Cultural alternatives and a feminist anthropology : an analysis of culturally constructed gender interests in Papua New Guinea
Finnish yearbook of population research. XLVIII, 2013
Power/gender : social relations in theory and practice
Gender and the European labour market
Chapungu : the bird that never drops a feather : male and female identities in an African society
Hegemony and heteronormativity : revisiting 'the political' in queer politics
Emancipationś dead-end roads? : studies in the formation and development of the Hungarian model for agriculture and gender (1956-1989)
Restructuring : place, class and gender
The ordinary images : a study on stock photography and gender
Gender and teaching : where have all the men gone?
Changes in sex roles in politics as an indicator of structural change in society
Love power and political interests : towards a theory of patriarchy in contemporary western societies
Gender roles and domestic violence : narrative analysis of social construction of gender in Uganda
A qualitative study of male and female perceptions in differences in the working and domestic sphere : a comparison of the French and Finnish cultures
Women and markets : learning of the differences in the Finnsh and German labour markets
Engendering social policy
The Jewish political tradition. Vol. 2, Membership
The authors analyze the ways in which places have been transformed through the changes taking place within them - shifts in the nature and quantity of paid and unpaid work, in social and political mobilization, in cultural and aesthetic experience and in the built environment. Using a locality study of Lancaster, they emphasize place as a decisive point in understanding social and economic changes. They consider how successfully concepts of 'restructuring' explain the relation between local and global change. The book will be a major contribution to international debates on restructuring and the impact of global change on the locality. It will also be of interest to all social scientists interested in the sociology, economy and human geography of contemporary Britain.
Sex roles and social structure
Handbook of cross-cultral human development
Men in politics : revisiting patterns of gendered parliamentary representation in Thailand and beyond
”Big, strong, brave, - all kinds of stuff”. Masculinities, power hierarchies, and violence in school.
Gender in archaeology : analyzing power and prestige
Sex allocation
Problems in African history : the precolonial centuries
Managers talk about gender : what managers in large transnational corporations say about gender policies, structures and practices
Gender divisions and gender policies in top Finnish corporations
Women and men in the Nordic countries : facts and figures 1994.
The sex and age distribution of the world populations
Missing men in education
Sex roles and social structure : selected articles 1958-2014
European party politics and gender : configuring gender-blanaced parliamentary presence
Abstract (s. 4).
Power and the social
Gender and the construction of hegemonic and oppositional femininities
Men, women, and money : perspectives on gender, wealth, and investment, 1850-1930
Women and fat : approaches to the social study of fatness
Food habits and related biomarkers in Pitkäranta, Russia, and North Karelia, Finland : trends and educational differences, 1992-2007
Women in Stuart England and America : a comparative study
Explaining gender wage differentials : findings from a random effects model
Abstract: "I am not a man nor a woman, I am a reporter" : gender and the profession of reporters in the 1960s and 1970s Finland.
This critical assessment of the division of labour in medicine sets current practice in its historical context. The book demonstrates the centrality of gender divisions both between and within the individual medical and health professions - doctors, nurses, midwives and others. Drawing on accounts from different countries and a wide range of professional groups, the contributors examine the extent to which the division of labour is changing and the effect of such changes on the status of women within the health professions. While the proportion of female doctors is rising, the continued constraints on women attaining full equality are explored.
Abstract: "Big, strong, brave, - all kinds of stuff" : masculinities, power hierarchies, and violence in school.
Men and the classroom : gender imbalances in teaching
Understanding gender and organizations
Hegemony, contradiction, and gender in the context of Finnish university physics
Reformation Christianity
Kinship to kingship : gender hierarchy and state formation in the Tongan Islands
Changing age-sex composition as an indication of ethnic reidentification : the mordvins
Vulnerable daughters in India : culture, development and changing contexts
Development of culture, welfare states and women's employment in Europe
Mainstreaming equal opportunities in the structural funds
Same- and other-sex victimization : risk factors, consequences, and protection by peers
On living through Soviet Russia
A re-reading of Pearl S. Buck's The good earth from social and historical perspectives
Cross-regional analysis of population aging in the Arctic
Reproductive investment by females in semi-domesticated reindeer
Abstract (1 s.).
Women in science : career processes and outcomes
Unspeakable things : sex, lies and revolution
Comics & ideology
Masculinity in the Reformation era
Studies on wage differentials and labour market transitions
This book investigates the complex strands that inextricably link gender and power relations, demonstrating how gender is constructed through the practices of power. The contributors argue that `female' and `male' are shaped not only at the micro-level of everyday social interaction but also at the macro-level where social institutions control and regulate the practice of gender. Power/Gender explores: how theorizing on power is affected when gender is taken into account; post-Foucauldian theory of gender and power; whether it is possible to separate gender and power; the connections between gender and the practice of power in political contexts, and how these connections work in the specific contexts of women's lives; and whether the construction of sex or gender is an expression of power relations.
