http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14494 dendrology
dendrology
Trees and shrubs of the Upper Midwest
Trees and shrubs of the Southeast : formerly published as Trees and Shrubs in the Heart of Dixie
Wood anatomy of Eastern Mediterranean species
Palms for human needs in Asia : palm utilization and conservation in India, Indonesia, Malaysia and the Philippines
The structural biology of palms
The trees of North America
Manual of cultivated trees and shrubs : hardy in North America : exclusive of the subtropical and warmer temperate regions
Flora of Bhutan : including a record of plants from Sikkim. Vol. 1, part 3
Yearbook
Reproductive adaptation and mating system in Pinus sylvestris L. : some observations on population structure and breeding strategies
Trees & shrubs of the Sudan
Betula : proceedings of the IDS Betula symposium 2-4 October 1992
North American trees
Trees of Southern Africa : covering all known indigenous species in the Republic of South Africa, South-West Africa, Botswana, Lesotho & Swaziland. Vol. 1
Resources of tree species (Hunan)
Wood anatomy and selected properties of stems, branches and roots of Finnish birch species
Proceedings of the Fourth International Conifer Conference : Wye College, England, 23rd - 26th August, 1999 : conifers for the future?
Trees of Southern Africa : covering all known indigenous species in the Republic of South Africa, South-West Africa, Botswana, Lesotho & Swaziland. Vol. 3
Savanna plants of Africa : an illustrated guide
The pines of Mexico and Central America
Field guide to the trees of the Kruger National Park
Epiphyte flora and diversity on basal trunks of six old-growth forest tree species in southern and middle boreal Finland
Micrographic atlas of japanese woods
Arboricultural journal : The international journal of urban forestry
Genetics and silviculture of beech : proceedings from the 5th beech symposium of the IUFRO Project Group P1.10-00, 19-24 September 1994, Mogenstrup, Denmark
Field guide to eucalypts. Volume 3, Northern Australia
Shrubs and trees of the Southwest uplands
Genetic variation in Faidherbia albida : implications for conservation of genetic resources and tree improvement
Dendroloogilised uurimused Eestis = Dendrological researches in Estonia. 2
Seeds of woody plants in the United States
A field guide to the acacias of Kenya
Timbers of the world.... 8, Australasia
Trees of Southern Africa
The Reed field guide to New Zealand native trees
Trees and shrubs of Afghanistan : A dendrological guide
Wood and archaeology : acts of the European Symposium held at Louvain-la-Neuve, October 1987 = Bois et archéologie : actes dy Symposium Européen tenu à Louvain-la-Neuve, Octobre 1987
The Arnold Arboretum of Harvard University : inventory of living collections
Trees and forests : a colour guide : biology, pathology, propagation, silviculture, surgery, biomes, ecology, conservation
Tree flora of Malaya : a manual for foresters. Vol. 1
The conifer manual. Vol. 1
Field guide to the common trees of India
Hillier's manual of trees and shrubs
The guide to trees of Canada and North America
Wood anatomy and identification of trees and shrubs from Israel and Adjacent regions
The Hillier colour dictionary of trees and shrubs
Forest seed and nursery practice in Nepal
International Dendrology Society 1952-2002
Trees of Amani Nature Reserve, NE Tanzania
A brief survey of selected woody species of North Korea (D.P.R.K.)
An annotated bibliography of southern hardwoods. Vol. 2
Manual of forest botany : tropical Africa. Vol.2 A, Families
The CSIRO family key for hardwood identification
Trees, shrubs, and woody vines of the Southwest
An introductory field guide to the flowering plants of the Golfo Dulce Rain Forests Costa Rica : Corcovado National Park and Piedras Blancas National Park ("Regenwald der Österreicher")
Tree flora of Malaya : a manual for foresters. Vol. 2
Trees of Southern Africa : covering all known indigenous species in the Republic of South Africa, South-West Africa, Botswana, Lesotho & Swaziland. Vol. 2
Dendroloogilised uurimused Eestis = Dendrological researches in Estonia. 3
Flora of Bhutan : including a record of plants from Sikkim. Vol. 1, part 2
Handbook of landscape tree cultivars : palms, evergreens cacti, nuts and fruit trees excluded
Commercial timbers of the world
Determination keys for important West-European woods and tropical commercial timbers : with the help of a hand-lens or a light microscope
Singapore trees
The native trees of New Zealand. J. T. Salmon
The commercial potential of birch in Scotland
Peterson first guide to forests
A tentative list of plants growing in the Arboretum Mustila
Taxonomy and ecology of woody plants in North American forests (excluding Mexico and subtropical Florida)
Gardening with trees
Tree flora of Malaya : a manual for foresters. Vol. 3
Exotic forest trees in the British Commonwealth
Tree injuries : their causes and their prevention
A taxonomic monograph of the genus Aglaia lour. (Meliaceae)
The hidden life of trees : what they feel, how they communicate : discoveries from a secret world
The world of northern evergreens
Winter botany
A field guide to forest trees of Northern Thailand
Field guide to eucalypts. Volume 1, South-eastern Australia
A photographic guide to the trees of Britain and Europe
Multipurpose trees for agroforestry and wasteland utilisation
A monograph of wallaba, mora and grenheart
Trees of Britain and northern Europe
Simon and Schuster's guide to trees
Tropical timber ATLAS : includes timbers exported from Japan. Part 2, Asia, Australasia
Forest and woodland trees in Britain
In 2010 IRPA-KIK organized the Tree Rings, Art, Archaeology conference. The various articles gathered in the proceedings reflect the practices of fifteen European countries. The first objective of the conference was to review the notable advances over the last ten years. The second aim, focused more on the future, was to bring together dendrochronologists and other players in the field - historians, archaeologists and art historians - to discuss the 'Good use of dendrochronology'. The articles successively explore the different facets of the dendrochronological prism.
Trees & shrubs
Abstract: The utilization of phenological observations of rowan (Sorbus aucuparia) in climatic change research.
Trees and shrubs of the Witwatersrand, Magaliesberg & Pilanesberg
Tree flora of Malaya : a manual for foresters. Vol. 4
North American landscape trees
Shrubs and trees of the Southwest deserts
Nasionale lys van ingevoerde bome = National list of introduced trees
Identifying ornamental conifers : the new compact study guide and identifier
The book of trees
Eagle's trees and shrubs of New Zealand
Forty common indian trees and how to know them
Bamboos of China
Stem cracks and decay in Newtonia buchananii trees in the Mazumbai Forest Reserve, West Usambara Mountains, NE Tanzania
A field guide to the families and genera of woody plants of Northwest South America (Colombia, Ecuador, Peru) : with supplementary notes on herbaceous taxa
Minquartia guianensis, Carapa guianensis, Lecythis ampla
The cultivated hemlocks
Red alder : a state of knowledge
Textbook of dendrology : covering the important forest trees of the United States and Canada
Some favourite trees for fuel and fodder
Survey of English macroscopic bark terminology
Abstract: The genus Sorbus.
Index xyloriorum : institutional wood collections of the world
Fruit key and twig key to trees and shrubs
Fruit key and twig key to trees and shrubs : Fruit key to northeastern trees : Twig key to the decidious woody plants of eastern North America
Icones of the essential forest trees of Hokkaido
Landscape plants for eastern North America : exclusive of Florida and the immediate Gulf Coast
Trees of Nigeria
The Hillier colour dictionary of trees & shrubs
Manual of woody landscape plants : their identification, ornamental characteristics, culture, propagation and uses
Tropical timber atlas of Latin America
Bushveld trees : lifeblood of the Transvaal lowveld
Tree rings, art, archaeology : proceedings of the conference
Silvics of forest trees of the United States : compiled and revised by H.A. Fowells
Manual of forest botany : tropical Africa. Vol.2 B, Families
A brief survey of selected woody species of North Korea (D.P.R.K.). 2
Southern beeches
The influence of changes in climate and land-use on regeneration dynamics of Norway spruce at the treeline in the Swiss Alps
Blattoberflächen mitteleuropäischer Laubgehölze : Atlas und Bestimmungsschlüssel = Leaf surfaces of Central European woody plants
Oaks of India, Nepal and Bhutan
