http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14428 information (data)
information (data)
Summary. Concluding remarks (s. 417-426).
Governmental and municipal information systems : proceedings of the IFIP TC8 conference on governmental and municipal information systems, Budapest, Hungary, September 8-11, 1987
Imagewars : beyond the mask of information warfare
Summary (s. 8).
A philosophy of intellectual property
Information technology law
Enough
A community pharmacy IT paradox : community pharmacists' self-perception of innovativeness not matched by actual innovations
Information
Private law remedies against the breach of information requirements of EC law
Objective trade-off rate information in interactive multiobjective optimization methods : a survey of theory and applications
The quest for a unified theory of information : proceedings of the Second International Conference on the Foundations of Information Science
The management of the information department
Digital media, youth, and credibility
The instructional design knowledge base : theory, research, and practice
Corporate information systems management : the issues facing senior executives
Wittgenstein and the philosophy of information : proceedings of the 30. International Ludwig Wittgenstein Symposium, Kirchberg am Wechsel, Austria 2007.. v.1
The development of information and communication technology : an empirical study
Maximizing the one-shot : connecting library instruction with the curriculum
Markets, information, and uncertainty : essays in economic theory in honor of Kenneth J. Arrow
The case of web based information environment in web based weight management services
Towards legal information and legal knowledge : some basic issues in Finnish perspective
The right to information : legal questions and policy issues
Postmodernity and mobile communications
In the beginning was information : a scientist explains the incredible design in nature
Abstract : Perception managment in the art of war.
Information, influence, & communication : a reader in public relations
IMedia : the gendering of objects, environments and smart materials
Economics of information and law
Cognitive perspectives on emotion and motivation
The law of corporate finance : general principles and EU law. Volume I, Cash flow, risk, agency, information
This article touches issues related to the transformation of the traditional legal services in an information society service day. It indicates the reason for these changes and their directions, so that the lawyers functioning yet have a chance to stop for a dynamically changing market by implementing the optimal functioning of their office information technology and solutions in the field of so-called legal informatics..
What they didn't tell you about knowledge management
Stat-spotting : a field guide to identifying dubious data
New evidence on the properties of the financial statement information pricing process
Rationality of limited rationality : some aggregate implications
Information management in ICT projects
Humanitarian soldiers, colonialised others and invisible enemies : visual strategic communication narratives of the Afghan war
Investing in home-preschool collaboration for understanding social worlds of multilingual children
Understanding information
Managing in the information society : releasing synergy Japanese style
A guide to teaching information literacy : 101 practical tips
ICT and legal principles : sources and paradigm of information law
Reliability of international events data sources : an empirical comparative study
Creating Efficiency through Defining and Utilizing Synergies in the Field of Logistics : Case study : Tampere Regional Transport Research
Information society, citizens and everyday life: does the Internet make a difference in spatial practices?
Information coordination : the management of information models, systems, and organizations
Information delivery in mobile peer-to-peer networks
Information in e-motion : proceedings, BOBCATSSS 2012, 20th International Conference on Information Science, Amsterdam, 23 - 25 January 2012
Teachers, information and school libraries : prepared for IFLA Section of School Libraries Working Group
IT leadership manual : roadmap to becoming a trusted business partner
Information literacy beyond Library 2.0
Party autonomy and the role of information in the internal market
Infostorms : how to take information punches and save democracy
Ambient art : creative information representation
Varieties of ifing
"A fresh take on financial data visualization for greater accuracy and understanding Your data provides a snapshot of the state of your business and is key to the success of your conversations, decisions, and communications. But all of that communication is lost or incorrectly interpreted without proper data visualizations that provide context and accurate representation of the numbers. In Visualizing Financial Data, authors Julie Rodriguez and Piotr Kaczmarek draw upon their understanding of information design and visual communication to show you how to turn your raw data into meaningful information. Coverage includes current conventions paired with innovative visualizations that cater to the unique requirements across financial domains, including investment management, financial accounting, regulatory reporting, sales, and marketing communications. Presented as a series of case studies, this highly visual guide presents problems and solutions in the context of real-world scenarios. With over 250 visualizations, youll have access to relevant examples that serve as a starting point to your implementations. " Expand the boundaries of data visualization conventions and learn new approaches to traditional charts and graphs " Optimize data communications that cater to you and your audience " Provide clarity to maximize understanding " Solve data presentation problems using efficient visualization techniques " Use the provided companion website to follow along with examples The companion website gives you the illustration files and the source data sets, and points you to the types of resources you need to get started." -- ONIX annotation
Understanding context : environment, language, and information architecture
Probing a proactive home : challenges in researching and designing everyday smart environments
Pedagogies of media and information literacies
Knowledge, Information and Quality in Organizations : Case: Developing an Interest Group Information Database for Tampereen Logistiikka
Development of a framework to study communication barriers in the Distributed Agile Development environment
Simultaneous encryption and distribution of IPv4 Multicast in two different encryption products
Perspectives on mental representation : experimental and theoretical studies of cognitive processes and capacities
Since the 1980s, educational policies in many countries have aimed at improving the computer literacy and programming competencies of the population. Over the same period, the possibilities that people have seen regarding programming and everyday programming practices have emerged as an area of strong interest within historical scholarship. The paper contributes to these discussions by drawing on techniques of oral history to focus on programming hobbies and practices in Finland. Examining data from a massive survey of computer hobbyists (N = 1,453) and their recollections about personal computer use (largely during the 1980s), the paper gathers new information on what leads to people's pursuit of or interest in programming and how their programming habits have changed over time. The study links together the gender and age dynamics in programming and shows how the respondents not only engaged with but also could become disengaged from programming for various reasons.
The pricing and provision of information : some recent official reports
Law and information technology : Swedish views : an anthology produced by the IT Law Observatory of the Swedish ICT Commission
Humor and information literacy : practical techniques for library instruction
Recent reforms in information disclosure and shareholders'  rights in Russia
The innovative CIO : how IT leaders can drive business transformation
Network governance of global religions : Jerusalem, Rome, and Mecca
Perspectives on information
Optimal information management : organizations versus markets
Journalism and meaning-making : reading the newspaper
Models of thought. Vol. 1
Oral History of Programming Practices : Gender and Age Dynamics and Digital (Dis)Engagement Among Computer Programmers in Finland
The future of the public domain : identifying the commons in information law
The information infrastructure
Quantum information, computation and communication
Fog of Falsehood: Russian Strategy of Deception and the Conflict in Ukraine
If loss in interbank confidence regarding banking sector balance sheets intensified the crisis in 2008, banks' faltering confidence in other banks' systems could cause the next crisis, experts warn. Confidence is vital to the financial system, and as account balances are situated in cyberspace, confidence in the numbers on the screen is of the utmost importance. From a practical point of view it is irrelevant whether a loss of confidence is due to the realisation of financial market risks or cyber risks..
The Joint Higher Education Library in Lahti : Confluencing for Academic Knowledge - Supporting the Development of Information Literacy from Upper Secondary School to Higher Education
Brain friendly school libraries
ICT in construction and facilities management
Pictoral information in online databases
Information technology and new growth opportunities
The care and maintenance of cyberweapons
The ethics of health care : a guide for clinical practice
Archiving the web : European experiences
Business information technology management : alternative and adaptive futures
The national Finnish libraries information technology scenario 1997-2006
Information technology and industrial policy
Information architecture : the design and integration of information spaces
Is that a fact? : frauds, quacks, and the real science of everyday life
Thinking Strategically: expert solutions to everyday challenges
Maximum performance management: how to manage and compensate people to meet world competition
The myths of information : technology and postindustrial culture
Libraries and information centres in the Soviet Union
Abstracts in English
Offensive cyber capabilities are needed because of deterrence
Cyberwar : another revolution in military affairs?
Women, information, and the future
Structured Reusable Creation and Mainte- nance of Technical Information  : A Case Study
Insights into cyberspace, cyber security and cyberwar in the Nordic countries
Innobee
Information science : the interdisciplinary context
Lääkelaitos aloitti lääkevalmistetietojen julkaisemisen = Läkemedelsverket började publicera godkänd produktinformation om läkemedel = National Agency for Medicines launches product information on pharmaceuticals
Computer network defence in military cognitive networks
Offensive cyber-capabilities against Critical Infrastructure
The law of professional-client confidentiality : regulating the disclosure of confidential personal information
The modern lawyer and his role in the era of the information society and its services
Negative aspects of the information society were first noticed in early 90's, with the dawning of the Internet era. The article gives an overview of European initiatives undertaken and European courts' judgments delivered over the last two decades, contrasting them with eminent U.S. Supreme Court decisions. According to the author, predominance of soft law, case law and self-regulation does not in itself impede protection, given that all stakeholders act with the intention to effectively monitor and eradicate threats..
HURIDOCS : standard formats for the recording and exchange of information on human rights
Communication capability
The visual miscellaneum : a colorful guide to the world's most consequential trivia
Perception managment in the art of war : a review of Finnish war propaganda and present-day information warfare
Handbook of perception. 8, Perceptual coding
What can we say about cyberwar based on cybernetics?
Information ethics : privacy and intellectual property
Information and organization
Attention and emotion : a clinical perspective
The information society and the use of sustainable development indicators
Handbook of research on new literacies
A Research of resource scheduling algorithm based on hadoop
Logic and information
Information services for small firms - strategic channel or just noise
"Providing a new conceptual scaffold for further research in biology and cognition, this book introduces the new field of cognitive biology, a systems biology approach showing that further progress in this field will depend on a deep recognition of developmental processes, as well as on the consideration of the developed organism as an agent able to modify and control its surrounding environment. The role of cognition, the means through which the organism is able to cope with its environment, cannot be underestimated. In particular, it is shown that this activity is grounded on a theory of information based on Bayesian probabilities. The organism is considered as a cybernetic system able to integrate a processor as a source of variety (the genetic system), a regulator of its own homeostasis (the metabolic system), and a selecting system separating the self from the non-self (the membrane in unicellular organisms). Any organism is a complex system that can survive only if it is able to maintain its internal order against the spontaneous tendency towards disruption. Therefore, it is forced to monitor and control its environment and so to establish feedback circuits resulting in co-adaptation. Cognitive and biological processes are shown to be inseparable".
Stakeholders' perspective on opportunities and challenges of medicines information to consumers in Finland
The aim of this book is to explain in simple language what we know and what we do not know about information and entropy - two of the most frequently discussed topics in recent literature - and whether they are relevant to life and the entire universe. Entropy is commonly interpreted as a measure of disorder. This interpretation has caused a great amount of "disorder" in the literature. One of the aims of this book is to put some "order" in this "disorder". The book explains with minimum amount of mathematics what information theory is and how it is related to thermodynamic entropy. Then it critically examines the application of these concepts to the question of "What is life?" and whether or not they can be applied to the entire universe.
Monitoring the uptake and the effectiveness of the Voluntary Code of Conduct on Pre-contractual Information for Home Loans : Country report, Finland
Measuring the impact of information on development
The description logic handbook : theory, implementation, and applications
Mass media and national development : the role of information in the developing countries
Re-inventing the corporation : transforming your job and your company for the new information society
Information visualization on small display devices
"A compilation of quotations originally collected for the 'Quotes of the Week' section of Library Juice, an electronic magazine that dealt with philosophical and political dimensions of librarianship"--Provided by publisher.
Change and continuity
The information behavior of a new generation : children and teens in the 21st century
Could a cyber attack lead to financial crisis?
Managing information as a corporate resource
Health and lifestyle : Icelanders' everyday life information behaviour
A concept for an international knowledge base in Laurea UAS
Competitiveness and urban economic development policy in information society
Cognition and thought : an information-processing approach
Focusing information in forest industry products: market oriented product concept
Each management discipline is examined in detail and defined as a set of knowledge areas. The book then describes the core processes that take place within each knowledge area in the initiating, planning, executing, controlling, and closing stages of a project. Real-world examples from healthcare information technology project leaders identify how the integrated approach presented in this book leads to successful project implementations.
The reconstruction of social meaning in the space of flows
Tiivistelmä: Simultaneous encryption and distribution of IPV4 Multicast in two different encryption products.
Non-state actors in cyberspace operations
The essence of the information society has been under a considerable debate during the last decade. The argumentation concerns the critique of technological determinism and the recognition of political, economic, social and cultural factors that underlie the development. In academic discourse, there has been a noticeable change from engineering based rhetoric towards more humanistic themes and a more qualitative way of speaking about the issue. Also geographical dimensions, mainly related to the urban research and applied urban planning, have emerged. In this paper the essence of the information society is analysed from a perspective of human and cultural geography. The concept of information society is being treated as a subjective construction and it can be conceptualised as a triad. Firstly, it is a tool as such, and the reference is on material symbols representing the tech-sphere of today. This includes actual devices such as computers and mobile telephones and their integrated applications. Secondly, the information society is a set of practices. This refers to everyday routines that are rarely questioned or critically explored. The most common examples of this are e-banking and e-shopping. Finally, the information society is an experience. This theme is characterised by subjective histories, individual contexts and cultural backgrounds. All these dimensions have implications on environment and social conditions of human life. This framework is being used as a tool to evaluate empirical data based on extensive survey conducted in Finland in the year 2001. The sample size was 2750 questionnaires of which 1176 were received back.
National information policies : problems and progress
Information and its role in hunter-gatherer bands
The Implementation and Use of ERMS - A Study in Icelandic Organizations
Governance of the extended enterprise : bridging business and IT strategies
In Is that a fact? Dr. Joe Schwarcz helps you separate fact from fiction amid the storm of misinformation that today's media throws at us. Dr. Joe questions the reliability and the motives of "experts" in this engaging and critical look at what's fact and what's plain nonsense when it comes to deciding what to eat, what chemicals to avoid, and what's best for the environment.
Using the internet for political research : practical tips and hints
Management information systems : managing information technology in the business enterprise
Information rights : law and practice
Human Technology will move to a new physical location in January 2017—the Open Science Center of the University of Jyväskylä, due to university restructuring—yet the University remains the ultimate publisher. For Human Technology, change is inherent; indeed this is reflected in the research published in each issue. The present issue comprises five articles that demonstrate the ongoing integration of technology in most aspects of human living.
On the theoretical foundations of the principle of free flow information as applied to copyright
"This practical, insightful book provides a powerful toolset to help information architects, UX professionals, and web and app designers understand and solve the many challenges of contextual ambiguity in the products and services they create. You'll discover not only how to design for a given context, but also how design participates in making context. Learn how people perceive context when touching and navigating digital environments. See how labels, relationships, and rules work as building blocks for context. Find out how to make better sense of cross-channel, multi-device products or services. Discover how language creates infrastructure in organizations, software, and the Internet of Things. Learn models for figuring out the contextual angles of any user experience"--Back cover.
Project management for healthcare information technology
Finland : golden anniversary 1917-1967
Working document. No. 2, Availability of financial statement
Information resources management : concept and cases
Transport for people with mobility handicaps : information and communication
Data-ism : inside the big data revolution
IMPLEMENT CHINESE TO ERP FRAMEWORK
Law and uncertainty : risks and legal processes
Underwater and underground bases : surprising facts the government does not want you to know!
Visualizing the semantic web : XML-based Internet and information visualization
Liminality informatics : an information perspective on ritual activity
Face to file communication : a psychological approach to information systems
Journal of government information : an international review of policy, issues and resources
Geographical information systems and science
Tailoring of health information
Steering mechanisms for knowability
Conceptual framework and guidelines for establishing geographic information systems : capable of integrating natural resources data and socio-economic data for development-oriented planning, monitoring and research : preliminary version
Tangible information technology for a better ageing society : proceedings of the Confidence 2010 International Conference: Open doors to ICT for ageing and eInclusion, 9-10 December 2010 Jyväskylä, Finland
Teachers' conceptions of literacies during and after a school library development project
Future and communication : the role of scientific and technical communication and translation in technology development and transfer
Preservation and the management of library collections
Now we have a basis for a library strategy in Europe
Managing public information in a mediation process
Compression of biomedical images and signals
High performance visualization : enabling extreme-scale scientific insight
Help! : computer-assisted access to legal knowledge
Information technology in theory
The culture of secrecy : Britain, 1832-1998
The Internet of us : knowing more and understanding less in the age of big data
The use of digital analytics for measuring and optimizing digital marketing performance
Diagraphics
Gongkai yu touming : Guoyou da qiye xinxi pilu yanjiu zhidu yanjiu = Public and transparency : the research of the large state-owned enterprises information disclosure system
Development of the internet in the Gambia : the case of Nokunda
Foundations of the global alliance for ICT and development
Theoretical offensive cyber militia models
Information literacy as a social phenomenon in the nursing environment
Critics, ratings, and society : the sociology of reviews
Information architecture for the Web and beyond
Testing the relevance of accounting numbers in security valuation : a structural model with Scandinavian data
Co-written by a certified Project Management Professional and an M.D., Project Management, for Healthcare Information Technology presents an effective methodology that encompasses standards and best practices from project management, information technology management, and change management for a streamlined transition to digital medicine.
The shallows : what Internet is doing to our brains
The Joint Higher Education Library in Lahti : Supporting the Development of Information Literacy from Upper Secondary School to Higher Education
Cognitive biology : dealing with information from bacteria to minds
Practical NLP for managers
Memory for music : a levels of processing approach
Understanding information practices in biomedicine : a domain analytical approach
Resource productivity in the information age
Information design : research and practice
Health care planning in Finland with databases
Digital Optimism and the Case for Caution
This paper surveys the literature on ownership structure and corporate governance in Russia.The market structure is compared to traditional German and Anglo-Saxon market models.We argue that the Russian market constitutes a dynamic hybrid of the two models, i.e. its direction of development has yet to be resolved.As several current cases indicate, the risk of unfair treatment of minority shareholders in Russian companies is considerable.While we acknowledge that both the legal framework and the incentives of the management are equally important in protecting minority shareholder rights, the scope of the paper is deliberately limited to discussion of the legal framework.The information disclosure requirements of Russian companies are compared with the US requirements.Also the regulatory bodies in the two countries are discussed.Some differences between International Accounting Standards and Russian accounting practice are also reviewed.The final part of the paper is dedicated to the recent reforms proposed by the Russian government regarding disclosure and protection of minority shareholder rights. Keywords: ownership structure, shareholders, information disclosure, FCSM, Russia .
"Information is everywhere, and defines everything in today's society. Moreover, information is a key concept in a wide range of academic disciplines, from quantum physics to public policy. However, these disciplines all interpret the concept in quite different ways. This book looks at information in several different academic disciplines - cybernetics, ICT, communications theory, semiotics, information systems, library science, linguistics, quantum physics and public policy. 'Perspectives on Information' brings clarity and coherence to different perspectives through promoting information as a unifying concept across the disciplinary spectrum. Though conceived as a contribution to the ongoing conversation between academic disciplines into the nature of information, the deliberately accessible style of this text (reflecting the authors' backgrounds at The Open University) will be make it valuable for anyone who needs to know something more about information. Given the ubiquity of information in the 21st century, that means everyone"--Provided by publisher.
Speaking of information : the Library juice quotation book
Conclusions (s. 113-116).
Managing information in the public sector
Information resources management : Nord IoD. 6. 19-22.8. 1985, Finlandia-huset, Helsingfors : huvudarr. Samfundet för informationstjänst i Finland
Protection of minors and human dignity in the information society: EU and US perspectives
Assessing, analysing and monitoring nutrition situations
Information, entropy, life and the universe : what we know and what we do not know
Information resource management : opportunities and strategies for the 1980s
The tools of government
Prospective financial information : an international perspective on the types, purposes and limitations of Prospective financial information
The changing context of information : an introductory analysis
Information architecture for information professionals
Qualitative research for the information professional : a practical handbook
Models of thought. Vol. 2
Future information technology poles : where and why?
The exploit marketplace
Abstract.
Industrial organization studies on pharmaceutical markets
Looking at the nature of ideas through new lenses
Radical information literacy : reclaiming the political heart of the IL movement
Transnational business information : a manual of needs and sources
Smarter than you think :  how technology is changing our minds for the better
An acceptance model for useful and fun information systems
Expanding a digital content management system : for the growing digital media enterprise
Data mining : a hands-on approach for business professionals
Information, knowledge, and economic life : an introduction to the sociology of markets
Employment and manpower information in developing countries : a training guide
Decision making and decision communication in an engineer based organization
Information literacy : essential skills for the information age
Principles of the statistical theory of communication
Windows on a new world : the third industrial revolution
Application of minicomputers and microcomputers to information handling
Infotopia : how many minds produce knowledge
Between aesthetics and information : visual journalism and design
Information technologies and social transformation
Four essays on: computer and information technology law
Language learners' seeking paths and strategies : one dimension of digital literacy
Journal of advances in information technology
Reflections on information glut and other issues in knowledge productivity
Managing marketing information
Economics of information in information science
Health information technology in community pharmacies : a strategic approach
Towards research-orientation in professional practice 2012 : a guide to thesis work at Diaconia University of Applied Sciences
Government information quarterly
Qualitative and quantitative methods in libraries : theory and applications : proceedings of the International Conference on QQML2009, Chania, Crete, Greece, 26-29 May 2009
The law of legal information systems : two essays : Teresa (12) and (30)
The Stuxnet worm changed the picture of cyber war from abstract to concrete in an undeniable way. This paper studies the implications of recent discovery of Stuxnet and other self-replicating cyber weapons. We describe the state of art in known cyber weaponry and extrapolate the requirements and attributes for potential weapons..
Trends in the information economy : [report]
Basic research methods for librarians
Aspects on availability : a teleological adventure of information in the lifeworld
Envisioning information
Sustainability indicators for the knowledge-based society : measuring the sustainability of the information society
Lectio praecursoria : the interaction of organisational structure and humans in knowledge integration
The knowledge economy : the nature of information in the 21 st century : annual review of the Institute for Information Studies 1993-1994
A naïve sticky information model of households' inflation expectations
Introduction to geographic information systems
Innovations as communication processes : a legal architecture for governing ideas in business
