http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14408 portrait photography
portrait photography
At twelve : portraits of young women
Peter Lindbergh ; a different vision on fashion photography
Three at last : blood, smoke & tears..
How to take great photographs
Jazz, giants, and journeys : the photography of Herman Leonard
The world of Jan Saudek
On-camera flash techniques for digital wedding and portrait photography
100 ways to take better portrait photographs
Photographing people
Rock and roll stories
A photographer's life : 1990 - 2005
Flesh & blood : photographers' images of their own families
Helmut Newton portraits
Menschen des 20. Jahrhunderts = People of the 20th century = Hommes du XXe siècle. 7, Die letzten  Menschen = The last people = La derniers des hommes
Robert Mapplethorpe : a photographer of identity
The complete portrait manual
Wedding photography
Styling the stars : lost treasures from the Twentieth Century Fox archive
Photography year. 1974/75
Linda McCartney : life in photographs
Secrets of great portrait photography : photographs of the famous and infamous
Philippe Halsman : Astonish me!
Photographing your children
Life, love, beauty
Linda McCartney's sixties : portrait of an era
Relationship
People photography
1000 nudes : Uwe Scheid collection
Femme Fatale : the timeless style of beautiful women
Wayward cognitions
Image. 1, Lutz Dille et son universe : many worlds of Lutz Dille
The photo illustration
Portrait photographer's style guide : a recipe book of professional portraiture techniques
About women : photographs
Gered Mankowitz : rock and roll photography
Wedding photography : a guide to posing
Skin : the complete guide to digitally lighting, photographing and retouching faces and bodies
Hollywood portraits : classic shots and how to take them
Kasvu = Growth
Imperfect beauty : the making of contemporary fashion photographs
The Victorian portraits of Lady Ostapeck : somewhere in time
101 quick and easy secrets to create winning photographs
Terence Donovan : London photographs
Advanced style : older & wiser
Light a model : studio and location lighting techniques for fashion photography
People  I know
A comprehensive guide to digital portrait photography
Practical photography : Helsinki
Lengthening shadows before nightfall
Lonely Planet's guide to travel photography
On the beach
Faces of the century : a Sainsbury's photographic exhibition
Nan Goldin : 55
Karsh portraits
The path to Buddha : a Tibetan pilgrimage
Angus McBean : portraits
Menschen des 20. Jahrhunderts = People of the 20th century = Hommes du XXe siècle. 2, Der Handwerker = The Skilled Tradesman = L'artisan
Menschen des 20. Jahrhunderts = People of the 20th century = Hommes du XXe siècle. 6, Die Groβstadt = The City = La grande ville
Generations
Notes
Tranquillity
Work
Greetings from New York : conceptual people photography
Children
The making of great photographs : approach techniques of the masters of photography
Portfolio : vaihtoehtoisia valokuvamenetelmiä = Alternative photographic printing processes
People in the environment photography
"Keegan Allen is the international breakout star of ABC Family's hit television series, Pretty Little Liars. A gifted photographer and writer--and a dazzling film, television, and stage actor now counting millions of fans across the globe--Keegan Allen brings tremendous talent and energy to his first publishing project. Keegan tells a unique story with his photographs. On one hand, the book is a beautifully candid view into the glamour and timelessness of Hollywood, a mysterious yet wildly alluring place. On the other hand, it is a blissfully unassuming portrait of ordinary life- the unknown young woman gazing dreamily from the balcony of her hotel room, or the old woman who walks the same street every morning in her pink bathrobe, just to stop and talk to a passerby. Through his own stunning photography and captivating prose and poetry, life.love.beauty chronicles the author's life growing up just off the Sunset Strip, coming into his own as a young aspiring actor, looking for love and understanding, negotiating the seductions and disappointments of Hollywood, landing a plum role in a hit television series, encountering and embracing his fans, traveling the globe to promote his work, and striving to stay connected to his closest friends and loved ones" -- Provided by publisher.
The Frida Kahlo photographs
Neil Young : a life in pictures
Frida Kahlo : the Gisèle Freund photographs
Blink. : 100 photographers, 010 curators, 010 writers
Erotic photography
Frostbite
Street
Inge Morath
Precious : photographs
Lickshot : a photo scrapbook
Menschen des 20. Jahrhunderts = People of the 20th century = Hommes du XXe siècle. 3, Die Frau = The Woman = La femme
Russian self-portraits
The nature of desire
Digital wedding photography : photo workshop
The family of man
The picture book
The portrait in photography
Portraits : the portrait in contemporary photography
Every picture tells a story... : the Rolling Stone years
2 a.m. : a Family Business Society
Augustus F. Sherman : Ellis Island Portraits 1905-1920
Blue Note : photos
Photographing children
Photography for dummies
Photographs
The Stage
Arthur Elgort : the big picture
Shaped by war
A photographer's scrapbook
"In Bliss ... Steve Schapiro, famous for his photographs of the 60s--including Haight-Ashbury and the hippies of that era--documents the hippies of today and their lives in and out of transformational festivals. With a specific focus on a subculture of the current hippie counterculture known as "Bliss Ninnies," these individuals are focused on meditation and dancing as a way to reach ecstatic states of joy. The book features images from festivals across the country and provides an overview of a new contemporary hippie life within America. The 60s are still here. You just have to find where."
Humanity and inhumanity : the photography journey of George Rodger
Bliss : transformational festivals & the neo hippie
Pirelli : the cal : 50 years and more
Power : British management in focus
Redheads
Portraiture & photography in Africa
In the winter of 2007, photographer Michael Schmelling - known for his previous books 'Shut Up Truth' and 'The Plan' - photographed the USA National Memory Championships in New York City. Roughly 100 competitors gathered in a modest conference hall in the Con Edison building to compete in a series of mnemonic tests. Schmelling's photographs from that day are primarily of the competitors, all intensely engaged in recalling and reciting lists of information. Schmelling returned to the championships in 2008, photographing many of the same competitors as the year before. Building a book of short, interrelated stories, Schmelling has combined these images of mnemonists with a series of similar, overlapping narratives. Traveling through a North American landscape of neutral interiors, the viewer of 'Land Line' encounters an array of subjects in the midst of thinking, forgetting, questioning and interpreting.
Menschen des 20. Jahrhunderts = People of the 20th century = Hommes du XXe siècle. 1, Der Bauer = The farmer = Le paysan
Annie Leibovitz : a photographer's life 1990-2005 / edited by Mark Holborn
One woman 100 faces
Wedding photography for today
Keeping time : the photographs of Don Hunstein : the unseen archive of Columbia Records
In her place : inner views and outer spaces
Artist and her model
How to photograph your baby : getting closer with your camera and your heart
Photography year-book. 1951
Redemption
Portrait mastery in black & white : learn the signature style of an award-winning photographer
Would you let your daughter?
The digital female nude
Photographing people : portraits, fashion, glamour
Humans of New York : stories
This book offers new interpretations of the cultural and historical roles of photography in Africa. Twelve leading scholars look at early photographs, important photographers' studios, the uses of portraiture in the 19th century, and the current passion for portraits in Africa. They review a variety of topics, including what defines a common culture of photography, the social and political implications of changing technologies for portraiture, and the lasting effects of culture on the idea of the person depicted in the photographic image
Portrait photography : art and techniques
Cowboy Kate & other stories
Portraits : photographs from Europe and America
Sense of water
Light on people
The photographer and his model
Warhol's queens
Step-by-step 003 : digital family photography
Menschen des 20. Jahrhunderts = People of the 20th century = Hommes du XXe siècle. 5, Die Künstler = The Artists = Les artistes
The persuasive image
Photography in Oman : photography and Islamic culture
In character : actors acting
In the American west 1979-1984 : photographs
Blick = Sight
Terra : struggle og the landless
Red-blooded American male  : photographs
Writers = Écrivains = Schriftsteller : photographs of Magnum Photos = photographes de Magnum Photos = Fotografien von Magnum Photos
Focus on photographing people
Nerve : the new nude
Wedding photography : getting perfect results every time
Look! The first book : Voionmaa photography 2008.
In your face
Lewis Carroll, photographer
Portfolio : Bibliothek der Fotografie No 11 : Nan Goldin
After barbed wire : cowboys of our time
The silver cord
Mamarazzi : every mom's guide to photographing kids
Helios : Eadweard Muybridge in a time of change
Photographing your children : a handbook of style and instruction
Menschen des 20. Jahrhunderts = People of the 20th century = Hommes du XXe siècle. 4, Die Stände = Classes and professions = Les catégories socio-professionnelles
Pretty ribbons
The Art of Black and White Portrait Photography : Techniques from a Master Photographer : Oscar Lozoya
The New York Times Magazine photographs
Women by women
Lighting for glamour
Maailman ihanin tyttö = The loveliest girl in the world
Street fashion photography : taking stylish pictures on the concrete runway
Photographing people like a pro : a guide to digital portrait photogarphy
The human figure in motion : a source book of sequential action images by a master photographer
