http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14440 source criticism
source criticism
Oral tradition : a study in historical methodology
Historical and bibliographical methods in library research : papers presented at the conference [in] March 1970
Counseling and educational research : evaluation and application
The college student's research companion
Diplomata Novevallensia : the Nydala charters 1172-1280
Piers Plowman : the B version : Will's visions of Piers Plowman, do-well, do-better and do-best : an edition in the form of Trinity College Cambridge MS B.15.17, corrected and restored from the known evidence, with variant readings
The author - an expert witness at the David Irving trial - chronicles the arduous research he undertook, always on the lookout for evidence or inaccuracies and bias.
Management assistant's guide to information seeking
Sheep among the wolves : a study on the mission instructions of Q
A beginner's guide to evidence-based practice in health and social care professions
Q, the earliest Gospel : an introduction to the original stories and sayings of Jesus
Q 13:34-35 : Judgment over Jerusalem : the database of the International Q Project
Critical thinking skills : developing effective analysis and argument
Jesus and the eyewitnesses : the Gospels as eyewitness testimony
The genesis of a saga narrative : verse and prose in Kormaks saga
J, E, and the redaction of the Pentateuch
Documenta Q : reconstructions of Q through two centuries of gospel research : excerpted, sorted and evaluated. Q 11:39a, 42, 39b, 41, 43-44, Woes against the pharisees
The spiritual language of art : medieval Christian themes in writings on art of the Italian Renaissance
Lying about Hitler : history, Holocaust, and the David Irving trial
The invasion of Sennacherib in the book of Kings : a source-critical and rhetorical study of 2 Kings 18-19
Information skills : finding and using the right resources
The future of scholarly communication
Piers Plowman : the A version : Will's visions of Piers Plowman and do-well : an edition in the form of Trinity College Cambridge ms r.3.14 corrected from other manuscripts, with variant readings
Cyberliteracy : navigating the Internet with awareness
The Jesus tradition in Q
The intertextual Jesus : scripture in Q
How to read journal articles in the social sciences : a very practical guide for students
Lexical Ibdāl. Part 1, Introduction. Source studies : with a reconstruction of Abū Turāb's K. al-I'tiqāb
Towards research-orientation in professional practice 2012 : a guide to thesis work at Diaconia University of Applied Sciences
Documenta Q : reconstructions of Q through two centuries of gospel research : excerpted, sorted and evaluated. Q 12: 49-59 : Children against parents. Judging the time. Settling out of court
Interpreting the medical literature
The sources of Roman Law : problems and methods for ancient historians
The essential guide to using the web for research
Excavating Q : the history and setting of the sayings gospel
This title offers an introduction to one of the core methods of approaching biblical texts. "Historical Critical Analysis" is the main way in which the Bible (both the Hebrew Bible/Old Testament and the New Testament) has been examined and read by scholars in the last century. The term refers to a range of methodologies which examine the origins of biblical texts, in relation to other contemporaneous texts, to form critical approaches and to questions of authorship, audience and authenticity. The aim is to get as close to the 'original text' and its 'original meaning' as possible. For many years "Historical Critical Method" has been the cornerstone upon which biblical scholarship is built, even as modern studies examine other theoretical approaches to reading the text in history, tradition, and from different audience perspectives "The Historical Critical Method" still presents the crucial starting point for students and scholars. "Continuum's Guides for the Perplexed" are clear, concise and accessible introductions to thinkers, writers and subjects that students and readers can find especially challenging - or indeed downright bewildering. Concentrating specifically on what it is that makes the subject difficult to grasp, these books explain and explore key themes and ideas, guiding the reader towards a thorough understanding of demanding material.
Editing the Bible : assessing the task past and present
The complete guide to referencing and avoiding plagiarism
Lexical ibdāl. Part 1, Introduction, textual criticism
The missionary accounts from the 17th and 18th centuries : the evaluation and interpretation of the sources
From postwar to postmodern : art in Japan 1945-1989 : primary documents
Documenta Q : reconstructions of Q through two centuries of gospel research : excerpted, sorted and evaluated
Web search savvy : strategies and shortcuts for online research
Web research : selecting, evaluating, and citing
Bartholomaeus Anglicus and his encyclopaedia
Documenta Q : reconstructions of Q through two centuries of gospel research : excerpted, sorted and evaluated. Q 11: 2b-4
Did Jesus cite Isa 6:9-10? : Jesus’ saying in Mark 4:11-12 and the Isaianic idea of hardening and remnant
Historical methods in mass communication
Writing up your university assignments and research projects : a practical handbook
Online reading as an individual and social practice
Johannes Messenius Chronologia Sanctae Birgittae : a critical edition with introduction and commentary
Documenta Q : reconstructions of Q through two centuries of gospel research : excerpted, sorted and evaluated. Q 12:33-34, Storing up treasures in heaven
The origin of the story about the first Marathon-runner
"This book emphasizes the importance of being a good consumer of research and teaches the practitioner how to conduct research in practice. Houser uses concrete examples from the professional literature to demonstrate how to effectively evaluate and interpret research articles." "This book is specifically written for introductory courses in research methods at the advanced undergraduate and graduate levels in the fields of counseling, social work, education and psychology."--BOOK JACKET.
Did Jesus cite Isa 6:9-10? : Jesus' saying in Mark 4:11-12 and the Isaianic idea of hardening and remnant
A guide to finding quality information on the Internet : selection and evaluation strategies
Sergej Sergel's field research in Northern Norway and Finland : contextualizing early 20th-century Sami
Documenta Q : reconstructions of Q through two centuries of gospel research : excerpted, sorted and evaluated. Q 4:1-13,16 : The temptations of Jesus
The historical-critical method : a guide for the perplexed
Source criticism and cultural models : constructing life histories of women missionaries
Did Jesus cite Isa 6:9.10? : Jesus' saying in Mark 4:11-12 and the Isaianic idea of hardening and remnant
The Internet research handbook : a practical guide for students and researchers in the social sciences
Franz Liszt and his world
The essential guide : research writing across the disciplines
Qusṭā ibn Lūqā On numbness : a book on numbness, its kinds, causes and treatment according to the opinion of Galen and Hippocrates
The sayings source Q and the historical Jesus
John, Jesus, and history. Vol. 1, Critical appraisals of critical views
Augustine De doctrina Christiana
Plagiarism, the internet and student learning : improving academic integrity
The dynamics of medieval Iceland : political economy & literature
This guide teaches you how to read critically. Its no-nonsense, practical approach uses a specially developed reading code to help you read articles for your research project; this simple code enables you to decipher journal articles structurally, mechanically and grammatically. Refreshingly free of jargon and written with you in mind, it's packed full of interdisciplinary advice that helps you to decode and critique academic writing. The author's fuss free approach will improve your performance, boost your confidence and help you to: Read and better understand content Take relevant effective notes Manage large amounts of information in an easily identifiable and retrievable format Write persuasively using formal academic language and style. New to this edition: Additional examples across a range of subjects, including education, health and sociology as well as criminology Refined terminology for students in the UK, as well as around the world More examples dealing specifically with journal articles.
Print journalism : a critical introduction
Lexical ibdāl. Part 1, Introduction, source studies, with a reconstruction of Abū Turāb's K. al-I'tiqāb
The Transjordanian palimpsest : the overwritten texts of personal exile and transformation in the Deuteronomistic history
Documenta Q : reconstructions of Q through two centuries of gospel research : excerpted, sorted and evaluated. Q 12:8-12, Confessing or denying
Science of religion : studies in methodology : proceedings of the Study Conference of the International Association for the History of Religions, held in Turku, Finland, August 27-31, 1973
The secret world of oil
Freak art scrapbook : Chicago's Armory show in print, 1913
Documenta Q : reconstructions of Q through two centuries of gospel research : excerpted, sorted and evaluated. Q 11:46b, 52, 47-51, Woes against the exegetes of the law. Wisdom's judgment of this generation
Think like a commoner : a short introduction to the life of the commons
The skeptical business searcher : the information advisor's guide to evaluating web data, sites, and sources
Historical sources and source criticism : ICTM study group on historical sources : proceedings from the 17th international conference in Stockholm, Sweden May 21-25, 2008
Knighton's Chronicle 1337-1396
Method matters : essays on the interpretation of the Hebrew Bible in honor of David L. Petersen
The twelfth volume in the series Documenta Q is concerned with the reconstruction of the Q text behind Luke 13:34-35 par. Matt 23:37-39. Q 13:34-35 is a particularly difficult pericope to position in Q. The International Q Project's presentation of the critical text of Q 13:34-35, together with the exhaustive history of research on which it is based, will enhance considerably research in the Sayings Gospel Q, the historical Jesus, Jewish-Christian relations, and New Testament theology. The database and evaluations are expanded and much-revised versions of those presented and discussed at the meeting of the International Q Project in Rattenbach, Germany, 1994. Just prior to the bibliography at the conclusion of the volume, the resultant critical text of Q 13:34-35 is printed. This Greek text is followed by English, German, and French translations (Lukan chapter and verse numeration is used as a convenience and a mere convention).
Iohannis de Caulibus Meditaciones vite Christi : olim S. Bonaventuro attributae
Media literacy
Digital detectives : solving information dilemmas in an online world
Textual dilemma : studies in the second-century text of the New Testament
From reliable sources : an introduction to historical methods
How to find information : a guide for researchers
A practical guide to critical thinking : deciding what to do and believe
Doing a literature search : a comprehensive guide for the social sciences
The biography of Muhammad : the issue of the sources
They lie, we lie : getting on with anthropology
Hermeneutics and medieval culture
A manual of textual analysis
The Bible as book : the transmission of the Greek text
Critical thinking skills for dummies
Documenta Q : reconstructions of Q through two centuries of gospel research : excerpted, sorted and evaluated. Q 6:37-42, Not judging. The blind leading the blind. The disciple and the teacher. The speck and the beam
Researching information systems and computing
Good and bad in information retrieval - ethics in information literacy education : case The Tritonia Academic Library, Vaasa
Web of deception : misinformation on the Internet
Julian's gods : religion and philosophy in the thought and action of Julian the Apostate
The heart of this book is its expansive opening chapter on the history of Q. Here Dale Allison offers an interesting and novel thesis regarding Q's composition with good parallels in other ancient documents. His thesis takes its direction from the work of Dieter Zeller who argued that "the kernel of many of the sayings . . . was composed and transmitted by wandering and wonder-working missionaries.".
The challenge of oral history : the need to rethink source criticism
