http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p144 persecutions
persecutions
Literary dissent in Communist China
The years of extermination : Nazi Germany and the Jews, 1939-1945
Shutter island
Genocide : a comprehensive introduction
Antisemitism and its opponents in modern Poland
Genocide : truth, memory, and representation
King Herod : a persecuted persecutor : a case study in psychohistory and psychobiography
The dark side of Christian history
The diary of a young girl : the definitive edition
The perils of protest : state repression and student activism in China and Taiwan
The Siberian seven
January 1991. Images of Freedom
The Barefoot Lawyer : Memoir of China's Bravest Political Activist
Political processes in Czechoslovakia 1949-1953 : an instrument of legitimation of the communist regime
On the church : select letters
The Literati Purges : Political conflict in early Yi Korea
Defender of Rome
Village of secrets : Defying the Nazis in Vichy France
"The Soviet story" : Forgery tissue = mehanizm l탑i
Let history judge : the origins and consequences of Stalinism
Crosses in the arctic : A lithuanian woman survives the gulag
Inside concentration camps : social life at the extremes
Religion, reformation, and repression in the reign of Francis I : documents from the Parlement of Paris, 1515-1547
The last witchfinder
The undertaking
No place of rest : Jewish literature, expulsion, and the memory of medieval France
The greatest escape : how one French community saved thousands of lives from the Nazis
Stalin's children : three gererations of love, war and survival
The mid-third century persecutions of Decius and Valerian
Genocide : an anthropological reader
The age of McCarthyism : a brief history with documents
I chose justice
Monitoring health status of vulnerable groups in Europe : past and present
Stalin's secret war
New ghosts, old dreams : Chinese rebel voices
Religious violence between Christians and Jews : medieval roots, modern perspectives
On the church : select treatises
Bloodlands : Europe between Hitler and Stalin
Hitler's ghettos : voices from a beleaguered society, 1939-1944
Woman from Shanghai : tales of survival from a Chinese labor camp
Escape through the Balkans : the autobiography of Irene Gr체nbaum
The pink triangle : the Nazi war against homosexuals
Kristallnacht : prelude to destruction
The harassment and persecution of judges and lawyers : January 1988-June 1989
Blood at the root : a racial cleansing in America
Gulag to independence : personal accounts of Latvian deportees sent to Siberia under the Stalin regime 1941-1953
Summary: Mass repressions in Estonia after world war II: sources and current state of research.
False witness
Testing the spirit of Helsinki : from Helsinki to Madrid
Darwin's children
"Enemies of the people" under the Soviets : a history of repression and its consequences
The Baltic states 1940-1972 : documentary background and survey of developments presented to the European Security and Co-operation Conference
The French Revolution and the blood-curdling violence it engendered terrified the ruling and propertied classes of Europe. Unable to grasp how such horrors could have come about, many concluded that it was the result of a devilish conspiracy hatched by Freemasons inspired by the ideas of the Enlightenment with the aim of overthrowing the entire social order, along with the legal and religious principles it stood on. Others traced it back to the Reformation or the Knights Templar and ascribed even more sinister aims to it. Faced by this apparently occult threat, they resorted to repression on an unprecedented scale, expanding police and spy networks in the process. This compelling history, occasionally chilling and often hilarious, tells how the modern state evolved through the expansion of its organs of control, and holds urgent lessons for today.
Death and the maiden : a play in three acts
One route to understanding the nature of specifically religious violence is the study of past conflicts. Distinguished ancient historian Brent D. Shaw provides a new analysis of the intense sectarian battles between the Catholic and Donatist churches of North Africa in Late Antiquity, in which Augustine played a central role as Bishop of Hippo. The development and deployment of images of hatred, including that of the heretic, the pagan, and the Jew, and the modes by which these were most effectively employed, including the oral world of the sermon, were critical to promoting acts of violence. Shaw explores how the emerging ecclesiastical structures of the Christian Church, on one side, and those of the Roman imperial state, on the other, interacted to repress or excite violent action. Finally, the meaning and construction of the acts themselves, including the Western idea of suicide, are shown to emerge from the conflict itself.
The slaughter of the Jews in the Ukraine in 1919
El Salvador : one year of repression
Appeals from Estonia
Latvia and the Baltic problem : sketch of recent history
Weimar on the Pacific : German exile culture in Los Angeles and the crisis of modernism
Rumors that changed the world : a history of violence and discrimination
Treblinka : a survivor's memory, 1942-1943
These names accuse : nominal list of Latvians deported to Soviet Russia in 1940-41
Henryk Erlich and Victor Alter : two heroes and martyrs for Jewish socialism
"Weeks after Adolf Hitler came to power in 1933, the Nazi regime established the first concentration camps in Germany. Initially used for real and suspected political enemies, the camps increasingly came under SS control and became sites for the repression of social outsiders and German Jews. Terror was central to the Nazi regime from the beginning, and the camps gradually moved toward the center of repression, torture, and mass murder during World War II and the Holocaust. This collection brings together revealing primary documents on the crucial origins of the Nazi concentration camp system in the prewar years between 1933 and 1939, which have been overlooked thus far. Many of the documents are unpublished and have been translated into English for the first time. These documents provide insight into the camps from multiple perspectives, including those of prisoners, Nazi officials, and foreign observers, and shed light on the complex relationship between terror, state, and society in the Third Reich".
Encyclopedia of genocide. Vol. 2, I-Y
Torture and Eucharist : theology, politics, and the body of Christ
One year of the rule of terror in Chile : Stockholm, September 7th, 1974
"A gripping tale of racial cleansing in Forsyth County, Georgia and ... testament to the deep roots of racial violence in America ... Patrick Phillips breaks the century-long silence of his hometown and uncovers a history of racial terrorism that continues to shape America in the twenty-first century."
The crimes of the Chilean military junta in the light of Chilean law and international law
Stalin's children : three generations of love and war
The Book of the martyrs of Tolpuddle, 1834-1934 : the story of the Dorsetshire labourers who were convicted and sentenced to seven years transportation for forming a trade union
Tortured for Christ : today's martyr Church
Attacks on justice : the harassment and persecution of judges and lawyers January-December 1995
Origins of the great purges : the Soviet Communist Party reconsidered, 1933-1938
The Stalinist penal system : a statistical history of Soviet repression and terror, 1930-1953
God's jury : the inquisition and the making of the modern world
Witch hunt : the persecution of witches in England
Sacred violence : African Christians and sectarian hatred in the age of Augustine
I am an Estonian : The Baltics and the metamorphoses of the Russian empire
Hope abandoned : a memoir
A stolen youth, a stolen homeland : memoirs
In the shadow of the Holocaust : Nazi persecution of Jewish-Christian Germans
Two years of the intifadah : a statistical profile of Palestinian victims
Stalin's terror revisited
The last Jews in Berlin
The formation of a persecuting society : power and deviance in Western Europe, 950-1250
Red scare : memories of the American Inquisition : an oral history
Revolution from abroad : the Soviet conquest of Poland's western Ukraine and western Belorussia
Eestist 1945-1953 k체체ditatute nimekiri = Name list of persons deported from Estonia 1945-1953
Political violence and psychological responses : a study of Palestinian women, children and ex-prisoners. Appendix
The crimes of the Stalin era : special report to the 20th Congress of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union
The road of bones
Mass deportations of population from the Soviet occupied Baltic states : On the occasion of the 40th anniversary of first deporrtations of Estonians, Latvians and Lithuanians
Paris, 1792. Louis XVI and Marie Antoinette have been arrested. Neighbours fear neighbours, masters whisper before servants...Henrietta Lightfoot, a young Englishwoman fleeing from a dishonourable past in London, finds herself alone in a foreign city in the middle of the French Revolution. The great love of her life, Lord Allenham appears to have disappeared forever. To her assistance comes Grace Dalrymple Elliot, the celebrated Scottish mistress whose looks are on the wane. But Mrs Elliott's assistance comes at a price, and Henrietta soon finds herself a pawn in a vicious rivalry of powerful women. Determined to unravel the mystery of her lover's disappearance, Henrietta must form a number of dangerous liaisons. But within the mirrored rooms of the Palais Royal, nothing is as it seems. As the ways of the aristocratic old order crumble, politics and passion lead Henrietta into a deadly game, where the life she is striving to save may not even be her own.
Witches & neighbors : the social and cultural context of European witchcraft
The Oromo nation : the forgotten people in the Horn of Africa : papers presented at the International Conference on the Oromo Nation, Kopio, Finland, 26 June 1997
The Baltic peoples want to exist. 4.
Letters to a friend
Formations of violence : the narrative of the body and political terror in Northern Ireland
God's traitors : terror and faith in Elizabethan England
Howl, U.S.A.
The blood of martyrs : unintended consequences of ancient violence
The black book of communism : crimes, terror, repression
Identity theft is the fastest-growing crime in the UK. You don't just lose your possessions, you lose yourself. When Georgie Hamilton, a respectable mother of two, is a victim of stolen identity, her entire world is shattered. But twenty-two years earlier, Georgie stole someone else's life ... has the past returned to haunt her?
Before Auschwitz : Jewish prisoners in the prewar concentration camps
The pol pot regime : race, power, and genocide in Cambodia under the Khmer Rouge, 1975-79
The French lesson
Power games and power play in four Pinter plays
Chinese politics and Christian missions : the anti-Christian movements of 1920-28
Defixiones : will and testament : orders from the dead
The bloodstained trail : a history of militant labor in the United States
"Millions of Soviet citizens were executed and millions perished in the slave labor camps of the Gulag. This book describes the fate of those citizens who were declared enemies of the people not because of what they had done but because of who they were. Stalin's repression prevented the development of a civil society in the Soviet Union"--
Even paranoids have enemies : new perspectives on paranoia and persecution
The ghetto
Phantom terror : political paranoia and the creation of the modern state 1789-1848
Uncensored Russia : protest and dissent in the Soviet Union : the unofficial Moscow journal A chronicle of current events
International Handbook of Multigenerational Legacies of Trauma
Redrawing nations : ethnic cleansing in East-Central Europe, 1944-1948
The Baha'is of Iran : socio-historical studies
Latvians and Jews : Between Germany and Russia : Revised edition
Takes the reader from the very first generation of Christians in Rome, a tiny group of Jews who acknowledged Jesus as the Messiah, down to the point when Christianity had triumphed over savage persecution and was on the verge of becoming the religion of the Roman Empire.
The repression of the evangelical lutheran church in Lithuania during the stalinist era
Mass killings and violence in Spain, 1936-1952 : grappling with the past
Two lectures : Stalin's Great Terror, Origins and Consequences ; Leon Trotsky and the Fate of Marxism in the USSR
Red exodus : Finnish-American emigration to Russia
The historical uncanny : disability, ethnicity, and the politics of Holocaust memory
The crucible
Germany and its gypsies : a post-Auschwitz ordeal
Stalinist simplifications and soviet complications : social tensions and political conflicts in the USSR, 1933-1953
In the sea there are crocodiles : the story of Enaiatollah Akbari
Amnesty International report. 1993.
The Baltic states 1940-1972 : documentary background and survey of developments presented to the European Security and Cooperation Conference
On trial : the case of Sinyavsky (Tertz) and Daniel (Arzhak)
Terror was central to the Nazi regime, and the Nazi concentration camps were places of horror where prisoners were dehumanized and robbed of their dignity and where millions were murdered. How did prisoners cope with the brutal and degrading conditions of life within the camps? In this highly original book Maja Suderland takes the reader inside the concentration camps and examines the everyday social life of prisoners - their daily activities and routines, the social relationships and networks they created and the strategies they developed to cope with the harsh conditions and the brutality of the guards. Without overlooking the violence of the camps, the contradictions of camp life or the elusive complexity of the multicultural prisoner society, Suderland explores the hidden social practices that enabled prisoners to preserve their human dignity and create a sense of individuality and community despite the appalling circumstances. This remarkable account of social life in extreme conditions will be of great interest to students and scholars in history, sociology and the social sciences generally, as well as to a wider readership interested in the Holocaust and the concentration camps.
Paradise in ashes : a Guatemalan journey of courage, terror, and hope
Love in a torn land : one woman's daring escape from Saddam's poison gas attacks on the Kurdish people of Iraq
The Soviet story
Patriarch and prophets : persecution of the Russian Orthodox Church today
Blood-bespotted diary
The Occupation Regimes and Their Crimes in the Baltic 1940-1941
Communist takeover and occupation of Estonia : special report no.3 of the select committee on communist aggression. House of representatives, eighty-third congress, second session, under authority of H. Res. 346 and H. Res. 438.
Enemies of the people
The zookeeper's wife : a war story
On our knees, never! : prisoner of the Chilean Junta speaks
Chil Rajchman, a Polish Jew, was twenty-eight years old when he was arrested in October 1942 and sent to Treblinka, a death camp where more than 750,000 Jews were murdered before it was abandoned by German soldiers. This is an unembellished and exact record of the raw horror he endured every day in the camp.
Christianity in ancient Rome : the first three centuries
A world without Jews : the Nazi imagination from persecution to genocide
The Holocaust : a reader
The barefoot queen
The victim
Siberian miracle
When broken glass floats : growing up under the Khmer rouge
The Medvedev papers : [the plight of Soviet science today]
The annexation of the Baltic states and its effect on the development of law prohibiting forcible seizure of territory
Enduring love
Iraq since the Gulf War : prospects for democracy
Denial of human rights in Eastern Europe : 15 Years After the Adoption of the Universal Declaration
Alpha god : the psychology of religious violence and oppression
Political violence and psychological responses : a study of Palestinian women, children and ex-prisoners
The Baltic states and the Soviet Union : reprinted from a report of the Council of Europe, with a preface and supplementary comments
The gypsies during the Second World War. 3, The final chapter
The power and the glory
Martyr of the Amazon : the life of Sister Dorothy Stang
Martyrdom and persecution in the early Church : a study of a conflict from the Maccabees to Donatus
Religion, nationalism, and Chinese students : the anti-Christian movement of 1922-1927
When the doves disappeared : a novel
The Nazi concentration camps, 1933-1939 : a documentary history
The Baltic peoples want to exist. 1.
As the Nazi killing machine engulfed Europe with terror, thousands of Jehovah's Witnesses suffered brutal persecution. The reason: they stood firm in their beliefs and boldly spoke out against the cruelty of Nazism. For this, thousands of Jehovah's Witnesses were thrown into Nazi concentration camps. In this video, 10 European and American historians and more than 20 Witness survivors of the period, join in relating their story of courage and triumph against Hitler's religious onslaught /WordCat.
Warped mourning : stories of the undead in the land of the unburied
House of suns
Facts on the captive countries
A witness to genocide : the first inside account of the horrors of 'Ethnic cleansing' in Bosnia
"Political refugees" unmasked!
The disappearance of arrested persons in Chile
The martyrdom of bishop Platon
Armenian falsifications
