http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14483 playing (games and sports)
playing (games and sports)
How to play a video game
Hamlet's hit points : what three classic narratives tell us about roleplaying games
The perfect bet : how science and maths are taking the luck out of gambling
Counselling for problem gambling : person-centred dialogues
The ultimate unofficial encyclopedia for Minecrafters : an A-Z book of tips and tricks
The poker book : everything you need to become a champion
Problem Gambling and the Non-Medical Addiction Model : Finnish General Practitioners' and Social Workers' Perceptions
The player's game : towards understanding player production among computer game culture
Humour in video games : play, comedy and mischief
Digital kids : how to balance screen time, and why it matters
Background and Aims      The aim of this study was to identify problematic gaming behavior among Finnish adolescents and young adults, and evaluate its connection to a variety of psychological, social, and physical health symptoms.        Methods      This cross-sectional study was conducted with a random sample of 293 respondents aged from 13 to 24 years. Participants completed an online survey. Problematic gaming behavior was measured with the Game Addiction Scale (GAS). Self-reports covered health measures such as psychological health (psychopathological symptoms, satisfaction with life), social health (preferences for social interaction), and physical health (general health, Body Mass Index [BMI], body discomfort, physical activity).        Results      Problematic gaming behavior was found to relate to psychological and health problems, namely fatigue, sleep interference, depression and anxiety symptoms. Multiple linear regression indicated that the amount of weekly gaming, depression and a preference for online social interaction predicted increased problematic gaming symptoms.        Conclusions      This research emphasized that problematic gaming behavior had a strong negative correlation to a variety of subjective health outcomes.
Gambling as an addictive behaviour : impaired control, harm minimisation, treatment and prevention
Minecraft medieval fortress
Libraries got game : aligned learning through modern board games
Wheels of fortune favour Mississippi
Gambling online
Hacks for Minecrafters : combat edition : an unofficial guide to tips and tricks that other guides won't teach you
The visual guide to Minecraft : dig into Minecraft with this (parent-approved) guide full of tips, hints, and projects!
Minecraft- ultimate building ideas book : amazing building ideas and guides you couldn't imagine before
The well-played game : A player's philosophy
The gambler
Extending experiences : structure, analysis and design of computer game player experience
Football crazy
In real life
Not only enjoyment : an investigation of computer game playing from perspectives of emotion, immersion and gratifications
Beyond role and play : tools, toys and theory for harnessing the imagination
Everybody plays at the library : creating great gaming experiences for all ages
Hacks for Minecrafters : command blocks : the unofficial guide to tips and tricks that other guides won't teach you
Pojo's Unofficial Ultimate Pokémon : from your first cards to the latest games and everything in between!
The effect of musical tempo on video game performance
Technical and tactical game analysis of elite basketball in three different levels
Storytime with Peppa
Routledge international handbook of Internet gambling
You
The business of risk : commercial gambling in mainstream America
Mediating the immediate : endogenous meanings and simulated narratives in ludic spaces
Guinness world records 2016 : gamer's edition
Jackpot nation : rambling and gambling across our landscape of luck
Minecraft redstone for dummies
Pokémon Go! : the ultimate unauthorized guide
Hacks for Minecrafters : master builder : an unofficial guide to tips and tricks that other guides won't teach you
Exergaming usage : hedonic and utilitarian aspects
Minecraft : construction handbook
Problematic digital gaming behavior and its relation to the psychological, social and physical health of Finnish adolescents and young adults
Independent and unofficial guide to your minecraft world
Customer service officer as a responsible host at the Skycity Adelaide Casino
"The number of publications dealing with video game studies has exploded over the course of the last decade, but the field has not yet produced a comprehensive reference work. The Routledge Companion to Video Game Studies, by well-known video game scholars Mark Wolf and Bernard Perron, aims to address the on-going theoretical and methodological development of game studies, providing students, scholars, and game designers with a definitive look at contemporary video game studies. Features include: -comprehensive and interdisciplinary models and approaches for analyzing video games; -new perspectives on video games both as art form and cultural phenomenon; -explorations of technical and creative dimensions of video games; -accounts of the economical, political, social, and cultural dynamics of video games"--
Minecraft World Magazine : e-lehti
Tetris : the games people play
Children's media barometer 2010 : the use of media among 0-8-year-olds in Finland : an English summary of the original Finnish report
The gamblers
Terraria : exploration and adventure handbook
One of a kind : the rise and fall of Stuey "the Kid" Ungar, the world's greatest poker player
Playing with videogames
Pojo's Unofficial big book of Pokemon
Minecraft : beginner's handbook
Digital sports games and their players : playing motivations and player's assessment of the effects of playing
Abstract: Excessive gambling is increasingly understood in medical terms. Instead of criticizing this process as “medicalization” and an enlargement of the medical profession's area of influence, we question this understanding from the context of the Finnish non-medical model of addiction. Group interviews with seven groups of general practitioners (GPs) and eight groups of social workers in Finland (altogether 66 participants) were conducted. Film clips portraying gambling problems served as a discussion stimulus. Neither of the professional groups medicalized the issue, but both interpreted it as a social problem. However, participants still held individual gamblers responsible for overcoming the problem. GPs contest their responsibility to treat problem gambling, whereas social workers claim a position of caring for those harmed by the person's problem gambling, rather than for the gambler him-/herself. We argue that a medical framing of excessive gambling would risk limiting social workers' efforts even further. In the context of the Finnish non-medical model of addiction, this would coincide with a medical profession unwilling to fill the gap, leaving problem gambling unattended by both professions. Finally, we question the frequently made equation between medicalization and individualization..
A medieval-themed building book for Minecraft, packed with guides, schematics and inspirational ideas to construct, defend and customise your very own castle. Every build is illustrated with a detailed exploded view, so readers can see exactly which blocks are used in the structures, both inside and out.
First steps out of problem gambling
A design approach on tactile gloves for commercial usage in the video game industry
For many children and teens daily Internet use is the norm - but where should we draw the line when it comes to digital media usage? This handy book lays out the essential information needed to understand and prevent excessive Internet use that negatively impacts behaviour, education, family life, and even physical health. Martin L. Kutscher, MD analyses neurological, psychological and educational research and draws on his own experience to show when Internet use stops being a good thing and starts to become excessive. He shows how to spot digital addictions, and offers whole family approaches for limiting the harmful effects of too much screen time, such as helping kids to learn to control their own Internet use. He tackles diverse questions ranging from the effects of laptops in the classroom and reading on a digital screen, to whether violent videogames lead to aggression. The author also explains how ADHD and Autism Spectrum Disorder (ASD) can make you more susceptible to Internet addiction, suggesting practical strategies to suit these specific needs. Discussing both the good and bad aspects of the internet, this book tells you everything you need to know to help children and young people use the internet in a healthy, balanced way.
Construction of a playspace : autoethnographical inquiry to temporal and spatial frames of the play experience of World of Warcraft
The Elementia chronicles. Book 3, part 1, Dusk of hope : an unofficial Minecraft-fan adventure
Pojo's unofficial ultimate guide to Pokémon GO : how to catch 'em all!
Girls' guide to poker
Minecraft annual 2017
The game educator's handbook : revised international edition
Hacks for Minecrafters : the unofficial guide to tips and tricks that other guides won't teach you
Jekyll's mirror
Guinness world records. 2012 : gamer's edition
Guinness world records 2012 : gamer's edition
Gambling and the public interest
The ultimate player's guide to Minecraft
Problematic Gaming Behaviour in Finnish Adolescents and Young Adults : Relation to Game Genres, Gaming Motives and Self-Awareness of Problematic Use
The case of the deadly butter chicken : from the files of Vish Puri, "most private investigator"
Death by video game : tales of obsession from the virtual frontline
Internet gambling : current research findings and implicationas
Pokémon, gotta catch 'em all! : official guide to legendary and mythical Pokémon
Minecraft : the Survivors' book of secrets
Learning games and children's user experience : the effects of context
Gamers : some measures to take to overcome gaming addiction
Minecraft : combat handbook
Socio-cultural contexts of gambling : a comparative study of Finland and France
For richer, for poorer : confessions of a player
Card games around the world
Creating mobile games : using Java ME platform to put the fun into your mobile device and cell phone
No longer quarantined in Las Vegas, gambling has become as local as our neighborhood cineplex. If there's not a casino around the corner, there's one on your laptop computer. You can bet on the turn of the card, a roll of the dice--but also the NFL, the NCAA, and which Olson twin marries first. It's no wonder that we spend more money gambling than we do on movies, music, sports, video games, and theme parks combined! Here, acclaimed sportswriter Hoffer takes us on a headlong tour, alternately horrifying and hilarious, across our landscape of luck, discovering just how determined we are to gamble. He also discovers that the very institutions that used to regulate this workout are now its biggest cheerleaders: yesterday's numbers racket is today's state lottery; yesterday's mob casino is now part of a Fortune 500 company. And he concludes that people are, mostly, having a good time.--From publisher description.
The aim of this study was to explore the relation between Problematic Gaming Behaviour (PGB) and specific psychological factors (gaming motives, self-awareness of problematic gaming behaviour) and structural factors (game genres) among Finnish adolescents and young adults. A national survey of 271 respondents, aged 13 to 24, participated in the study. The study sample was randomly selected from the Population Register Center. Multiple regression analysis was used as a means of examining links between game genres, gaming motives and PGB. In addition, pairwise comparisons of a non-problematic gaming behavior group and a problematic gaming behavior group were used as a means of examining differences across game genre use and self-awareness of PGB. PGB was particularly associated with the use of a group of games encompassing role-playing, progression (e.g., character development), action and strategy features. The findings indicated that entertainment-achievement, social and escapism motives were associated with PGB. On the whole, this study emphasized that specific game genres and playing motives are involved in problematic use of digital game playing.
Unofficial Minecraft lab for kids : family-friendly projects for exploring and teaching math, science, history, and culture through creative building
The complete book of card games
Children's media barometer 2011 : media use among 7-11-year-old children and their experiences on media education : an english summary of the original Finnish report
Minecraft Blockopedia
The aesthetic of play
Game on! : gaming at the library
Creating critical gameplay : designing affective player experiences
Minecraft recipes for dummies
The global regulation of gambling : a general overview
Poker : how to play, how to win
Gambling and problem gambling : briefly and clearly
The gaming table
The unofficial Pokémon Go field guide : by Ivy St. Ive
Minecraft for dummies
The big book of hacks for Minecrafters : the unofficial guide to tips and tricks that other guides won't teach you
Minecraft recipes for dummies : portable edition
The rapid growth of Texas Hold 'Em; Individuals' motivations for playing
Hacks for Minecrafters : Redstone : the unofficial guide to tips and tricks that other guides won't teach you
Teaching game sense in ice-hockey junior organization
The Routledge companion to video game studies
The technology of pleasure = Tawamure no tekunorojī
A sixpence at whist : gaming and the English middle classes, 1680-1830
Destiny : [official strategy guide]
Minecraft  : redstone handbook
Minecraft construction for dummies
The case of the deadly butter chicken
Lay the favorite
Homo ludens ludens : tercera entrega de la trilogía del juego = third part of the gaming trilogy: homo ludens ludens/ playware/gameworld
The doctrine of chances : probabilistic aspects of gambling
Minecraft : essential handbook
Mobile media learning : amazing uses of mobile devices for learning
Minecraft : 70 top Minecraft house ideas & ultimate top tricks & tips to ace the game exposed!
The easy way to stop gambling : take control of your life
Guinness world records. 2009 : gamer's edition
Pojo's Unofficial Ultimate Pokémon is a comprehensive review of everything to know and love about Pokémon with character profiles, anime and movie reviews, tips for building your team in the video games, collectors information about the Pokémon Trading Card Game, Pokémon puzzle pages, and more! Featuring all six generations of Pokémon, this is the ultimate guide for Pokémon fans of all ages.
Fifteen-year-old math prodigy Seth Gordon hopes to compete professionally playing Starfare, the world's most popular computer game, but when he gets the chance to move to Korea and train full-time, he may not be ready for the culture shock and leaving his possible girlfriend, Hannah
From roulette tables to racetracks, provides a look at how scientists and mathematicians throughout the years have tried to figure out how to beat the house while gambling. The Perfect Bet looks beyond probability and statistics to examine how wagers have inspired a plethora of new disciplines - spanning chaos theory, behavioural psychology, machine learning and game theory - which are not just revolutionising gambling, but changing our fundamental notions about chance, randomness and luck.
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Band hero : PlayStation 2.
Roll the bones : the history of gambling
Gaming, simulations, and society : research scope and perspective
Taking back your life : women and problem gambling
Gapro Care-project: gambling prevention, gambling problems and care policy programme
Disordered gambling in Finland : epidemiology and a current treatment option
Minecraft by Concrafter : an unofficial guide with new facts and commands
Designing a knowledge based puzzle game : case: After Now Archeology
