http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14435 candidates
candidates
Untying the social bond? : webstyle in the Finnish European comission
Twinning : building Europe together
"When Bernie Sanders began his race for the presidency, it was considered by the political establishment and the media to be a "fringe" campaign, something not to be taken seriously. After all, he was just an independent senator from a small state with little name recognition. His campaign had no money, no political organization, and it was taking on the entire Democratic Party establishment. By the time Sanders's campaign came to a close, however, it was clear that the pundits had gotten it wrong. Bernie had run one of the most consequential campaigns in the modern history of the country. He had received more than 13 million votes in primaries and caucuses throughout the country, won twenty-two states, and more than 1.4 million people had attended his public meetings. Most important, he showed that the American people were prepared to take on the greed and irresponsibility of corporate America and the 1 percent. In Our Revolution, Sanders shares his personal experiences from the campaign trail, recounting the details of his historic primary fight and the people who made it possible. And for the millions looking to continue the political revolution, he outlines a progressive economic, environmental, racial, and social justice agenda that will create jobs, raise wages, protect the environment, and provide health care for all--and ultimately transform our country and our world for the better. For him, the political revolution has just started. The campaign may be over, but the struggle goes on."--Provided by publisher.
Woman of God
Bernie Sanders stormed to international headlines after running an extraordinary campaign for the Democratic primaries that saw over 13 million people turn out to vote for him, and changing the global discussion surrounding US politics. But how did a complete unknown and an avowed socialist make such waves? In Our Revolution, Sanders provides a unique insight into the campaign that galvanized a movement, sharing experiences from the campaign trail and the techniques that shaped it. And it wasn't just his use of new media; Sanders' message resonated with millions. His supporters are young and old, dissatisfied with expanding social inequality, struggling with economic instability and who rebelled against a political elite who has long ignored them. This is a global phenomenon, driving movements from Syriza in Greece to Podemos in Spain and Jeremy Corbyn in the UK. Drawing on decades of experience as activist and politician, Sanders outlines his ideas for continuing this political revolution.
Campaigning for president 2008 : strategy and tactics, new voices and new techniques
Does speed matter? : the impact of the EU membership incentive on rule adoption in minority language rights protection
Swedish summary.
The Democrats' dilemma : Walter F. Mondale and the liberal legacy
Candidate strategies and electoral competition in the Russian Federation : democracy without foundation
Tampere : candidate for European capital of culture 2011 : 2006-2011
Communication from the Commission to the Council, the European Parliament, the European Economic and Social Committee and the Committee of the Regions : civil society dialogue between the EU and candidate countries
Learning by voting : sequential choices in presidential primaries and other elections
European business : facts and figures : data 1991-2001
Political recruitment : gender, race and class in the British parliament
Southeast Europe on the path towards the EU
The party decides : presidential nominations before and after reform
Leaders' personalities and the outcomes of democratic elections
Statistical yearbook on candidate and south-east European countries: data 1996-2000
The casual vacancy
Game change : Obama and the Clintons, McCain and Palin, and the race of a lifetime
Voting for women : how the public evaluates women candidates
What do the sources and uses of funds tell us about credit growth in Central and Eastern Europe?
Money and votes : the cost of election for first-time Finnish MPs
Report on macroeconomic and financial sector developments in candidate countries
2012 economic and fiscal programmes of Albania, Bosnia and Herzegovina : EU Commission's overview and country assessments
Political cartoons in the 1988 presidential campaign : image, metaphor, and narrative
Money politics in Japan : new rules, old practices
Progress towards meeting economic criteria for accession : the assessment from the 2001 Regular report
Pay for politicians and candidate selection : an empirical analysis /Kaisa Kotakorpi, Panu Poutvaara
Monitoring the EU accession process: judicial independence
Progress towards meeting economic criteria for accession : the assessment from the 2002 regular report
Hillary Rodham Clinton: a woman living history
Genetic and clinical features of familial Meniere’s disease in Northern Ostrobothnia and Kainuu
The personalisation of politics : a study of parliamentary democracies
Matching voters with parties and candidates : voting advice applications in comparative perspective
In quest of genetic susceptibility to disorders manifesting in fractures:assessing the significance of genetic factors in femoral neck stress fractures and childhood non-OI primary osteoporosis
From two of the best political reporters in the country comes the gripping inside story of the historic 2008 presidential election.
Character, intimacy, and issues in a presidential campaign : a rhetorical analysis of the PresiTentti interview series, Finland
Abstract: Political recruitment of Finnish women in the 1995 parliamentary elections and candidate selection.
Equality, diversity and enlargement : report on measures to combat discrimination in acceding and candidate countries
Evaluation of the 2001 pre-accession economic programmes of candidate countries
Leading men : presidential campaigns and the politics of manhood
The brethren
Statistical yearbook on candidate and south-east European countries
2011 economic and fiscal programmes of potential candidate countries : EU Commission's assessments
The EU expansion : communicating shared sovereignty in the parliamentary elections
Turkey and the European Union : domestic politics, economic integration and international dynamics
Our revolution : a future to believe in
2010 economic and fiscal programmes of potential candidate countries : EU Commission's assessments
Candidates and their images : concepts, methods, and findings
Helsinki 2006 candidate city : XX Olympic winter games candidature file
Empire statesman : the rise and redemption of Al Smith
Preferential voting in Finland: how much do candidates matter, and to whom and why?
Progress towards meeting economic criteria for accession : the assessment from the 2003 comprehensive monitoring reports and regular report
Representation of the work-related immigration issue : positions of the Finnish electorate and MP canditates in the 2003 parliamentary elections
Trump talk : Donald Trump in his own words
Barack Obama and the future of American politics
Economic forecasts for the candidate countries : spring 2003
Double down : game change 2012
IPA, Instrument for Pre-Accession Assistance : a new focus to EU assistance for enlargement
Blood's a rover
The Internet and national elections : a comparative study of web campaining
Helsinki 2006 : candidate city = ville candidate. 1-3, XX olympic winter games candidature file = XXes jeux olympiques d'hiver dossier de candidature
2005 fiscal notifications of acceding and candidate countries : overview and assessment
Adoptive and foster parent screening : a professional guide for evaluations
Economic forecasts for the candidate countries : autumn 2002
The authors of the best-selling Game Change present an account of the 2012 presidential election that draws on hundreds of insider interviews to illuminate what the election meant to both parties, covering such topics as the dramatic Republican nomination fight, the rise and fall of Mitt Romney and Barack Obama's Election Day triumph.
Candidate quality
Summary and conclusions (s. 167-183).
Abstract: Recruitment of MP's and determination of electoral success.
Centennial crisis : the disputed election of 1876
Crippled America : how to make our country great again
Political marketing : principles and applications
Electing our masters : the hustings in British politics from Hogarth to Blair
Candidates defeated in Roman elections : some ancient Roman "also-rans"
Statistical yearbook on candidate countries : data 1997-2001
Statistical yearbook on candidate and South-East European countries : data 1995-1999
Where's Trump?
Main results of the April 2003 fiscal notifications presented by the candidate countries
Nomination of Paimio hospital for inclusion in the World Heritage List
The looks of a winner : beauty, gender, and electoral success
Party sovereignty and citizen control : selecting candidates for parliamentary elections in Denmark, Finland, Iceland and Norway
Projected trends in candidate countries' debt ratios in the light of the 2003 fiscal notifications
Candidate-centred campaigns and their effect in an open list system : the case of Finland
Abstract.
Political communication in American campaigns
Personal representation : the neglected dimension of electoral systems
Monitoring the EU accession process : judicial capacity
Finnish election system
Evaluation of the 2002 pre-accession economic programmes of candidate countries
Candidate selection in comparative perspective : the secret garden of politics
Main results of the April 2002 fiscal notifications presented by the candidate countries
Barack Obama, the new face of America
Presidentinvaalit = Presidentvalet = Presidential election. 2000.
The looks of a winner : beauty, gender and electoral success
Progress towards meeting economic criteria for accession : the assessment from the 2004 regular reports
Pay for politicians and candidate selection : an empirical analysis
Statistical yearbook on candidate and South-East European countries : data ... - ... : yearbook
2003 pre-accession economic programme of the acceding and other candidate countries : overview and assessment
Parties, candidates and citizens on-line : studies of politics on the Internet
Race of a lifetime : how Obama won the White House
Our plan for America : stronger at home, respected in the world
Report on the drug situation in the candidate CEEs ; European Monitoring Centre for Drugs and Drug Addiction
Endocannabinoid hydrolyzing enzymes : molecular modelling and computer-aided inhibitor discovery
Parliamentary elections
The determinants of electoral success : the case of the 1996 Finnish municipal election
Outlines the author's view on key issues, including the economy, immigration, national security, and healthcare.
Abstract (s. 2).
Presidential merry-go-round : a case study of a presidential election campaign of the year 2000 in Finland from the point of view of a campaign organisation
Videostyle in presidential campaingns : style and content of televised political advertising
How the True Finns won a seat in Etelä-Savo in April 2011 : and why it is important to know
Update of the report on macroeconomic and financial sector stability developments in candidate countries
Economic forecasts for the candidate countries : spring 2002
2004 pre-accession economic programmes of acceding and candidate countries : overview and assessment
The Brethren
Social protection in the 13 candidate countries : a comparative analysis
Main results of the March 2004 fiscal notifications presented by the candidate countries
John F. Kerry : the complete biography by the Boston Globe reporters who know him best
2012 pre-accession economic programmes of Croatia, Iceland, the Former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia, Montenegro, Serbia and Turkey : EU Commission's overview and assessments
