http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14471 playwrights
playwrights
Twenty names in theatre
The plays of Eugene O'Neill
A history of English drama 1660-1900. Volume 1 : Restoration drama 1660-1700
Christopher Marlowe : Merlin's prophet
The theatre of Heiner Müller
Beckett in the theatre : the author as practical playwright and director. Vol. 1, From Waiting for Godot to Krapps' last tape
Conversations with Thornton Wilder
Shakespeare
Prefaces to Shakespeare. Volume 1
The theatre of protest and paradox : development in the avant-garde drama
King Lear
Shakespeare on toast : getting a taste for the bard
Molière : the comic mask
Václav Havel as a dramatist
Season of storms
Shakespeare unclassified : secrets of the great bard of Avon revealed
Modern continental playwrights
Dictionary of literary biography. Vol. 192, French dramatists, 1789-1914
Arthur Miller and company : Arthur Miller talks about his work in the company of actors, designers, directors, reviewers, and writers
Ben Johnson and the roman frame of mind
Beckett at 80 : Beckett in context
American theatre
Essays in the modern drama
Shakespeare's imagery and what it tells us
Laughing awry : Plautus and tragicomedy
Shakespeare's restless world
The American drama since 1918 : an informal history
Odets the playwright
Selected letters of Eugene O'Neill
Shakespeare & me : great writers, actors, and directors on what the bard means to them - and us
A delicate shade of pink : the lives of Hella Wuolijoki and Salme Dutt in the service of revolution
Asian American playwrights : a bio-bibliographical critical sourcebook
Shakespeare's England : an account of the life & manners of his age. Volume 1.
T. S. Eliot's dramatic theory and practice : from Sweeney Agonistes to The Elder Statesman
The theatre of the absurd
Lillian Hellman : playwright
Lillian Hellman : dramatist in society
Synge and Anglo-Irish drama
Shakespeare's comedies : a very short introduction
Shakespeare saved my life : ten years in solitary with The Bard
Strindberg's post-inferno plays : [lectures given at The 11. International Strindberg Conference, University of Copenhagen, Institute for Theatre Studies, April 7-12, 1992]
Theatre of shadows : Samuel Beckett's drama 1956-1976
The art of Noël Coward
Soul of the age : the life, mind and world of William Shakespeare
Eugene O'Neill : the contemporary reviews
World of Shakespeare : picture book
The Orton diaries : including the correspondence of Edna Welthorpe and others
A history of English drama 1660-1900. Volume 2 : Early eighteenth century drama
Deaf world : a historical reader and primary sourcebook
A history of English drama 1660-1900. Volume 3 : Late eighteenth century drama 1750-1800
Must you go? : my life with Harold Pinter
Untold stories, Alan Bennett's first major collection of prose since his bestselling Writing Home, brings together the finest and funniest of his writing over the last ten years. Part 1: Stories is a poignant family memoir recalling the marriage of Alan's parents, the lives and deaths of his aunts and the uncovering of a long-held family secret / WorldCat.
The tutor
Shakespeare country
Women, theatre and performance : new histories, new historiographies
Globe : life in Shakespeare's London
Tennessee Williams : A casebook
Fisher comes clean (well, sort of) with the crazy truth that is her life, in her first-ever memoir.
Major modern dramatists. Vol. 2, Norwegian, Swedish, French, Belgian, Italien, Spanish, Russian, Czech, Hungarian and Polish dramatists
Shakespeare's England : an account of the life & manners of his age. Volume 2.
George S. Kaufman and the Algonquin Round Table
Scandal takes the stage
Guide to great plays
"A love story set in the gritty yet magnificent theater world of 1970's London"--
Pirandello and the French Theatre
Sam Shepard
Dario Fo : people's court jester
The scriptwriter's handbook
Harold Pinter
Jean Anouilh. life, work, and criticism
OuterSpeares : Shakespeare, intermedia, and the limits of adaptation
Theatre on trial : Samuel Beckett's later drama
File on Fo
William Shakespeare : the master playwright
Fallout : a novel
Oxford handbooks online. Literature
T. S. Eliot : a symposium for his seventieth birthday
Sheridan
The Rattigan version : Sir Terence Rattigan and the theatre of character
This collection in part examines the legacy of the consummate Nigerian stage artist and scholar, Esiaba Irobi (1960–2010). Poems, tributes, and studies celebrate Irobi’s significance as actor, playwright, director, poet, and theatre theorist. Irobi’s life, temper, times, and career are inextricably linked to the history, development, concerns, and uses of drama and theatre in Africa. The contributions highlight the evolution of autochthonous theatrical practices: the interaction between Western and indigenous African performance traditions; colonial/postcolonial government policies and the mutations of drama and theatre (and critical commentary); the tensions inherent in postcolonial conceptions of history, identity, nationhood, and articulations of alternative aesthetics, pedagogies, and epistemologies for postcolonial African theatre; staging African plays in the West; and the constituencies of the contemporary African playwright and director. The strength of these studies derives primarily from nuanced examinations of the concerns and careers of particular African playwrights; the history, offerings, and fortunes of particular theatrical arenas, and close explorations of specific performances and texts. The foregrounding of correspondences in the dramaturgies and intellectual ferment of the continent critically accentuates equally privileged regional, historical, and other crucial specificities. Situated in time and place while underscoring the political and intellectual intersections of a shared history of colonialism, the contributions to 'Syncretic arenas', individually and collectively, reveal the transformations and growing strengths of postcolonialism as an analytical strategy.
Chapters on the language in Ben Jonson's dramatic works
Getting colder
Meeting the English
The final victim of the blacklist : John Howard Lawson, dean of the Hollywood Ten
Brecht : a choice of evils : a critical study of the man, his work and his opinions
The faith of William Shakespeare
Tennessee : cry of the heart
Lillian Hellman : the image, the woman
Modern American playwrights
Playwright Maggie Delamere shuts down aristocratic males with a mere flick of her razor-sharp quill. If only they were so easy to dispatch offstage--especially Cameron, Viscount Marwood. The impossibly charismatic man seems made to test her resistance. But when writer's block and an enemy from Maggie's past simultaneously strike, Cam makes an all-too-tempting proposal . . .Cam has never offered a lady his bed without being in it . . . but Maggie needs a writer's retreat, and his manor is just the place. It's the least Cam can do for the brilliant woman who pens his favorite plays. Still, there's something more than social justice behind the relish which she skewers her gentleman characters. And as Maggie's pen and inhibitions loosen, Cam intends to unlock her secrets - one delicious revelation at a time.
British drama : an historical survey from the beginnings to the present day
Bernard Shaw : his life and personality
Playwrights on playwriting : the meaning and making of modern drama from Ibsen to Ionesco
Tennessee Williams
Perspectives on Max Frisch
Discussions of American drama
Drama : an introduction
An unfinished woman : a memoir
The real Bernard Shaw
McGraw-Hill encyclopedia of world drama : an international reference book in 5 volumes
Theatre history explained
Major modern dramatists. Vol. 1, American, British, Irish, German, Austrian and Swiss dramatists
Tennessee Williams : his life and work
Living theater : a history
William Shakespeare : in his times, for our times
Caryl Churchill
Sam Shepard's metaphorical stages
The modern theatre : a study of dramatists and drama
William Shakespeare : scenes from the life of the world greatest writer
Critical essays on Edward Albee
The plays of John Osborne
Critical essays on George Bernard Shaw
Syncretic arenas : essays on postcolonial African drama and theatre for Esiaba Irobi
Reading the apocalypse in bed : selected plays and short pieces
A Shakespeare companion : 1564-1964
Wishful drinking
The theatre of revolt
Robert Wilson, the theater of images
Prefaces to Shakespeare. Volume 2
The Cambridge companion to David Hare
Will in the world : how Shakespeare became Shakespeare
Wiseracks : the farces of George S. Kaufman
The genius of the Italian theater
Untold stories. Part 1, Stories
A love story set in the gritty yet magnificent theater world of 1970's London
The Cambridge companion to Brecht
Brief chronicles : essays on modern theatre
New American dramatists 1960-1980
My head was a sledhammer : six plays
The summer we fell apart : a novel
William Shakespeare stills stands head and shoulders above any other author in the English language, a position that is unlikely ever to change. Yet it is often said that we know very little about him – and that applies as much to what he believed as it does to the rest of his biography. Or does it? In this authoritative new study, Graham Holderness takes us through the context of Shakespeare’s life, times of religious and political turmoil, and looks at what we do know of Shakespeare the Anglican. But then he goes beyond that, and mines the plays themselves, not just for the words of the characters, but for the concepts, themes and language which Shakespeare was himself steeped in – the language of the Bible and the Book of Common Prayer. Considering particularly such plays as Richard ll, Henry V, The Merchant of Venice, Measure for Measure, Hamlet, Othello, The Tempest and The Winter’s Tale, Holderness shows how the ideas of Catholicism come up against those of Luther and Calvin; how Christianity was woven deep into Shakespeare’s psyche, and how he brought it again and again to his art.
Contemporay women dramatists
Useless memoirs of Carlo Gozzi
Tennessee Williams : everyone else is an audience
Arthur Miller
The new Oxford Shakespeare : authorship companion
Brecht sourcebook
Christopher Marlowe
Bernard Shaw: 1856-1950
Much ado about Shakespeare : the life and times of William Shakespeare : a literary picture book
Sam Shepard : a casebook
Elmer Rice : a playwright's vision of America
Embodied texts : symbolist playwright-dancer collaborations
Sir Henry Neville was Shakespeare : the evidence
Inner landscapes : the theater of Sam Shepard
The reader's encyclopedia of world drama
Conversations with Eugène Ionesco
Includes 39 handbooks and 1550 articles.
The rough guide to Shakespeare : [the plays, the poems, the life]
The lodger : Shakespeare on Silver Street
The golden labyrinth : a study of British drama
