http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14422 ASP.NET
ASP.NET
ASP.NET Ajax programmer's reference : with ASP.NET 2.0 or ASP.NET 3.5
Professional ASP.NET 2.0 Ajax
ASP.NET 4.0 in practice
Real world ASP.NET best practices
ASP.NET 2.0 cookbook
Schoolmates website development and implementation
During the thesis project, a web browser based application was designed, implemented and tested as an assignment of Finnish software company Innofactor Ltd. The result of the thesis is an information system, which is used by Innofactor ltd to enhance the customer services process. The implementation and planning includes efficient usage of existing controls and classes of the Innofactor Prime Platform and therefore minimizing the unnecessary repetition of source code. The main techniques used to implement the application are .NET Framework, ASP.NET AND Microsoft SQL Server. The application follows the n-tier structure of Innofactor Prime Platform. The source material used in the thesis project was Innofactor's technical documentation. The result of the thesis along with the fully functional customer service's information system is the project documentation and the final report. The information system was successfully taken into use at Innofactor intranet at September 2008. After the testing was completed, it was determined that the new information system fulfils the set demands and it provides a good platform to develop the system further.
ASP.NET 2.0 Website programming : problem-design-solution
"This new edition is updated with everything you need to integrate Silverlight 2.0 and SQL Server 2008 into your ASP.NET applications. You will learn about Silverlight's exciting new features so that your ASP projects can be rich in visual flair and compelling to the user"--Publisher's website.
Online airline reservation system
Web based error reporting management application
Beginning web programming : using VB.NET & Visual Studio .NET
ASP.NET 3.5 social networking  : an expert guide to building enterprise-ready social networking and community applications with ASP.NET 3.5
Order book and volume tracking tool
Building Microsoft ASP.NET : applications for mobile devices
Beginning ASP.NET 3.5 : in C# and VB
Programming C# 4.0
Database access with Visual. Basic.NET
Designing Visual Basic .NET applications
Abstract: Information system for planning business travels (TraP).
Programming Windows Identity Foundation
Abstract: Localization in ASP.NET 2.0.
Models and approaches for developing reusable software in ASP .NET environment
Creating learning content management system using ASP.NET
Beginning ASP.NET 4 : in C# and VB
Developing mobile blog application with ASP.NET
Murach's ASP.NET 3.5 web programming with VB 2008
Beginning Ajax with ASP.NET
Principal components analysis in a statistical process control system
Universal multimedia framework for online videoconferencing : Radical Chat
Programming Microsoft ASP.NET
Programming microsoft ASP.NET MVC
ASP.NET for dummies
Microsoft ASP.NET 2.0 step by step
Microsoft ASP.NET programming with Microsoft Visual Basic .NET step by step : version 2003
Programming Microsoft ASP.net 2.0 core reference
ASP.NET 2.0 : a developer聞s notebook
Written for novice programmers who want to learn programming with C# and the .NET framework, this book offers programming basics such as variables, flow control, and object oriented programming. It then moves into web and Windows programming and data access (databases and XML). The authors focus on the tool that beginners use most often to program C#, the Visual C# 2012 development environment in Visual Studio 2012.
Visual studio 2010 and .net 4  : six-in-one
HyperNotifier
ASP.NET 2.0 web parts in action : building dynamic web portals
ASP.NET 2.0 unleashed
Development of a Web Application for the Measurement of Telephone Network Traffic Data
Abstract: Implementation and evaluation of service-oriented architecture in Labranet.
.NET enterprise development with VB.NET: from design to deployment
Abstract: Energy Performance Certificate.
Visual Basic.NET for experienced programmers
Improving Walking beam furnace 1 reporting
Professional C# 2005 with .NET 3.0
Order Book and Volume Tracking Tool
ASP.NET 3.5 enterprise application development with Visual Studio速 2008 : problem - design - solution
Abstract: The Universal Web Based Exams Software.
Sams teach yourself ASP.NET 4 in 24 hours complete starter kit
The Universal Web Based Exams Software
Microsoft Visual Basic 2008 Step by Step
Beginning SharePoint速 2010 development
Pro ASP.NET 3.5 in C# 2008 : includes Silverlight 2
Data collection register
Professional ASP.NET MVC 5
ASP.NET 4 social networking : a truly hands-on book for Microsoft ASP.NET 4 developers
Murach's ASP.NET 4 web programming with VB 2010
Sams Teach Yourself AngularJS for .NET Developers in 24 Hours
Introducing Microsoft ASP.NET 2.0
Programming .NET 3.5
Programming ASP.NET 3.5
Programming World Wide Web
Enhancing the customer service's information system
Processing of the EDIFACT Standard PRODAT Messages
MCTS self-paced training kit (exam 70-562) : Microsoft .NET framework 3.5 - ASP.NET application development
Abstract: Processing of the EDIFACT Standard PRODAT Messages.
Essential ASP.NET with examples in C#
Software development fundamentals : exam 98-361
Developing an online bid system with ASP.NET
IT Statler : operative tool built on SharePoint/MOSS 2007
Beginning Microsoft Visual Basic 2008
Microsoft ASP.NET programming with Microsoft Visual C# .NET version 2003 step by step
Beginning ASP.NET e-commerce in C#
Pro DLR in .NET 4
Business information centre reporting tool
Murach's ASP.NET 2.0 web programming with VB 2005
Pro asp.net mvc 5
ASP. NET MVC insiders cover the latest updates to the technology in this popular Wrox reference MVC 5 is the newest update to the popular Microsoft technology that enables you to build dynamic, data-driven websites.
Async in C# 5.0
Information system for planning business travels (TraP)
Developing an ASP.NET mobile web application for hotel booking
Professional UML with Visual Studio .NET : unmasking visio for enterprise architects
Beginning ASP.NET 4.5.1 in C# and VB
Microsoft Expression Web : step by step
Programming Microsoft.NET
Professional C# 2008
Professional ASP.NET MVC 1.0
IT Statler - operative tool built on SharePoint/MOSS 2007
ASP.NET 2.0 all-in-one desk reference for dummies速
Programming Microsoft ASP.NET 2.0 applications : advanced topics
C# 6.0 and the .NET 4.6 Framework
Pro ASP.NET MVC 3 framework
Ajax, Rich Internet Applications and web development for programmers
Abstract.
Abstract: Universal multimedia framework for online videoconferencing : Radical Chat.
MCTS self-paced training kit (exam 70-515) : web applications development with Microsoft .Net framework 4
Beginning  ASP.NET 2.0 databases beta preview
Energy Performance Certificate
Beginning Visual C# 2012 programming
ASP.NET MVC 4 in action
Automated verification of RESTful interfaces in cloud development
Abstract: HyperNotifier.
Programming Microsoft Visual Basic .NET
ASP.NET MVC framework unleashed
Implementation and evaluation of service-oriented architecture in Labranet
Microsoft Visual C#.NET 2003 unleashed
ASP.NET: the complete reference
Learning ASP.NET 2.0 with AJAX
Online Car Selling Application Using PayPal
Learning ASP.NET 2.0 with Ajax
Programming Microsoft ASP.NET 3.5
Localization in ASP.NET 2.0
