http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14418 roles (expected behaviour)
roles (expected behaviour)
Designing an educational role-playing game for five to six year-olds
How is mask technique useful for actors from different backgrounds
Towards modelling of human relationships : nonlinear dynamical systems in relationships
The last Kestrel
Role change : a resocialization perspective
Gender role portrayals in advertising in relation to Hofstede's masculinity/feminity dimension of culture : a cross-cultural comparison of web advertisements in the Czech Republic and Slovakia
The new Grove book of operas
All around the world, women's important role in history has only recently been acknowledged. Asia is no exception. Despite a long record of achievements, women's experiences in South, Southeast, and East Asia go largely untold. This compelling book looks at women's lives in contemporary Asia, and reviews the cultural similarities —and differences —in the patterns and experiences of women across various regions. Women's Roles in Asia examines the full scope of women's lives throughout history, including specific topics such as education, family life, marriage and childbearing, religion, politics, economics, work, and literature and the arts. A timeline and introduction provide a backdrop to the events, achievements, and issues that have impacted Asian women from pre-colonial time to the present day.
My operatic roles
The mind and method of the economist : a critical appraisal of major economists in the 20th century
RuneQuest. Sixth edition
Communication Professionals and Organisational Decision-Making : A Finnish Study of Practitioner Roles
Role ambiguity among school principals in China and Finland
The role of women in work and society in the ancient Near East
Managing conflict : interpersonal dialogue and third-party roles
Broom service
Role-taking of the shaman
Performing the author/mother/merchant/wife: moving subject positions in Minna Canth's autobiography
Ex-nuns : a study of emergent role passage
Individuals' responsibility in corporations
"A girl doesn't get a man by being brainy" : aspects of gender in Roald Dahl's Matilda and its Finnish and Swedish translations
A greasy-skinned worker : gender, class and work in the 20th-century life story of a female labourer
Stigma and group inequality : social psychological perspectives
Rocking your role : the 'how to ' guide to success for female breadwinners
The indestructible fairy tale : the role and meaning of fairy tales for adult women
Families with futures : a survey of family studies for the 21st century
Riddles of Finnish gender history
That's what Dad says, anyway : gender representations in Key English textbooks
The Ashgate research companion to women and gender in early modern Europe
Gender, identity and the culture of organizations
Performing ethnicity, performing gender : transcultural perspectives
My father before me : how fathers and sons influence each other throughout their lives
Chaplin  : the tramps odyssey
Perspectives on semantic roles
Post-industrial lives : roles and relationships in the 21st century
Girls & sex : navigating the complicated new landscape
The Kovak box
The hobbit : an unexpected journey : official movie guide
Nursing in contemporary society : issues, trends, and transition to practice
Index to characters in the performing arts. 3, Ballets A-Z and symbols
Systemic perspectives on information in physically performed role-play
Respect for acting
Antecedents and consequences of identification with virtual teams : structural characteristics and justice concerns
Over the past three decades scholars have transformed the study of women and gender in early modern Europe. This Ashgate Research Companion presents an authoritative review of the current research on women and gender in early modern Europe from a multi-disciplinary perspective. The authors examine women's lives, ideologies of gender, and the differences between ideology and reality through the recent research across many disciplines, including history, literary studies, art history, musicology, history of science and medicine, and religious studies. The book is intended as a resource for scholars and students of Europe in the early modern period, for those who are just beginning to explore these issues and this time-period, as well as for scholars learning about aspects of the field in which they are not yet an expert. The companion not only offers a comprehensive examination of the current research on women in early modern Europe, but will act as a spark for new research in the field.
Gender perspectives and gender impacts of the global economic crisis
Eco-effective fashion theory : how to implement the Cradle to Cradle® concept into fashion and clothing design?: the designer's professional, economic, social and enviromental role
Supporting teachers, supporting pupils : the emotions of teaching and learning
The synergist : how to lead your team to predictable success
Interrogating postfeminism : gender and the politics of popular culture
Resonance in storytelling:verbal, prosodic and embodied practices of stance taking
Gender and everyday life
Women and food in rural-traditional Finland : social and symbolic dimensions
On the edge of the magic circle : understanding role-playing and pervasive games
Styling the stars : lost treasures from the Twentieth Century Fox archive
Elvis in Hollywood : the 50's
Navigating between ideas of democracy and gendered local practices in Vietnam : a Bakhtinian reading of development aid practice
There are contrasting views on how gender equality affects fertility in contemporary European societies. This article discusses the Russian situation by asking how tensions in the contemporary gender system relate to reproductive decision-making and identity. How do gendered practices and identities influence womens intentions to have children? In depth interview data gathered during the last decade is used to analyze how the two main gender contracts of the professional women and the working mother relate to family planning, child birth, pregnancies, and mothering. Results indicate that while Russian women experience increasing pressure of the double burden and few signs of increasing gender equality in domestic life, the stable identity of Russian mothering contributes to the birth of at least one child. Childbearing does not depend directly on gender roles and division of labor in households. The decision to have a child and care for small children continues to be womens responsibility even as fertility patterns have modernized and gender equality in couple relations is slightly increasing. However, the type of gender contract influences the process of negotiation concerning reproductive matters and the timing of childbirth. .
Shadows on the moon
Real-time hermeneutics : meaning-making in ludonarrative digital games
On Ethics and Interpreters
A roles-based approach to variable-oriented programming
Japanese anime and women's gender-role changing
The art of followership : how great followers create great leaders and organizations
Sex stereotyping in advertising
The role of non formal education in transforming power relations and challenging gender : a critical case study of an alternative basic education programme in Alaba Kulito, Ethiopia
The development of role-taking and communication skills in children
The Role of networks in the internationalization process of Finnish companies
The conditions of social performance : an exploratory theory
She-Q : why women should mentor men and change the world
Nurse's role in breaking bad news : literature review
Sibling rivalry : seven simple solutions
Adult gender roles in three traditional American Indian societies
Inter-professional approach to young fathers
World of warcraft : chronicle. Volume 1
Team roles at work
Developing characters for script writing
Why are we so insistent that women and men are different? This introduction to gender provides a fascinating and genuinely readable exploration of how society divides people into feminine women and masculine men. It explores gender as a way of seeing women and men as not just biological organisms, but as people shaped by their everyday social world. Examining how gender has been understood and lived in the past; how it is understood and done differently by different cultures and groups within cultures; Mary Holmes considers the strengths and limitations of different ways of thinking and learning to 'do' gender.Key sociological and feminist ideas about gender are covered from Christine Pisan to Mary Wollstonecraft: from symbolic interactionism to second wave feminism through to the work of Judith Butler. The book illustrates gender with a range of familiar and contemporary examples: everything from nineteenth century fashions in China and Britain, to discussions of what Barbie can tell us about gender in America, to the lives of working women in Japan. This book will be of great use and interest to students to gender studies, sociology and feminist theory.
Dragon age : the stolen throne
Fatherhood : experiences of fathers from different cultures in finnish society
The birthday party
Dark heresy creatures anathema: roleplaying in the grim darkness of the 41st millennium
On self-translation : an exploration in self-translators' teloi and strategies
Set in an alternative historical present, in a "eusistocracy"- An extreme welfare state - that holds public health and social stability above all else, it follows a young woman whose growing addiction to illegal chili peppers leads her on an adventure into a world where love, sex, and free will are all controlled by the state.
Women's roles in Asia
Spin-Fold-Spill is a solo performance, installation and written thesis that  explores the Role-System, a system of roles that represents parts of a  personality. The performance and installation took place during May 2011. This written component articulates and documents the performance whilst  aiming to re-perform the live performance in a textual form. This body of  work fits within the fields of live art and performance studies.  Spin-Fold-Spill is about how to obscure autobiographical material through  the fiction of roles. It is about exploring monologue, about speaking  subjects, about telling ones own story and simultaneously playing with the  certainty of whose story it is/ was.  The body of the performance and this written component are structured in  twelve parts that are represented by twelve colour combinations. The  audience / reader can choose the order by selecting a colour order of their  choice.  Various overlapping themes are explored within Spin-Fold-Spill such as:  multiple persona in artistic practice, compartmentalisation, melancholia  and performativity, storytelling, and the function of the video camera in  developing a role's fictitious history.
This book documents and celebrates the Nordic tradition of live action role-playing games, a powerful and unique form of expression that has emerged and developed during the last fifteen years.
Deathwatch : ark of the lost souls : roleplaying in the grim darkness of the 41st millennium
Role motivation theories
Fatherhood in midwifery and neonatal practice
One night ultimate werewolf
Dimensions of teaching  = opettamisen ulottuvuudet
Empowering your pupils through role-play : exploring emotions and building resilience
Acting for the camera
Gender in call centre work
"How will you do for a husband?" : the enactment of wifehood in Shakespeare's Macbeth
Characters as manifestations of stereotypes in the situation comedy Frasier
Gloom : The game of inauspicious incidents & grave consequences
About the self and the time : on the autobiographical texts by É. Gerštejn, T. Petkevič, E. Bonnèr, M. Pliseckaja and M. Arbatova
La famiglia : the ideology of Sicilian family networks
With the full effects of the Great Recession still unfolding, this collection of essays analyses the gendered economic impacts of the crisis. The volume, from an international set of contributors, argues that gender-differentiated economic roles and responsibilities within households and markets can potentially influence the ways in which men and women are affected in times of economic crisis.Looking at the economy through a gender lens, the contributors investigate the antecedents and consequences of the ongoing crisis as well as the recovery policies adopted in selected countries. There are case studies devoted to Latin America, transition economies, China, India, South Africa, Turkey, and the USA. Topics examined include unemployment, the job-creation potential of fiscal expansion, the behavioural response of individuals whose households have experienced loss of income, social protection initiatives, food security and the environment, shedding of jobs in export-led sectors, and lessons learned thus far. From these timely contributions, students, scholars, and policymakers are certain to better understand the theoretical and empirical linkages between gender equality and macroeconomic policy in times of crisis.
The calling
Dark heresy the inquisitor's handbook: roleplaying in the grim darkness of the 41st millennium
Social organization : a general systems and role theory perspective
Journey of the phoenix : overseas study and women's changing position in China
The mother factor : how your mother's emotional legacy impacts your life
After two hundred years of exile, King Maric has allowed the legendary Grey Wardens to finally return to Ferelden. When they come home, however, they bring dire news: one of their own has escaped into the Deep Roads and aligned himself with their ancient enemy, the monstrous darkspawn.  The Grey Wardens need Maric's help, and he reluctantly agrees to lead them into the passages he traveled through many years before, chasing after a deadly secret that will threaten to destroy not only the Grey Wardens but also the kingdom above.
The history of translation and interpreting is above all the history of men, women, and sometimes children, who became translators and interpreters. This book presents the lives, loyalties, and identities of interpreters who, either by choice or by force, had to work during wartime.
Fundamentals of project management for developing organizations : a methodology to manage development projects for international assictance and humanitarian relief organizations
The social psychology of education
Semantic role labeling
Girls will be girls : dressing up, playing parts and daring to act differently
Key stakeholder perceptions on the future human resource management roles and competencies
'I won't have time to be lonely,' Lisa snapped. 'I have a career to think of.' : empowerment and agency in Sushi for Beginners and The Other Side of the Story by Marian Keyes
100% unofficial tribute to The hunger games
Casting Qs : a collection of casting director interviews
How to respond to the needs of working parents has become a pressing social policy issue in contemporary Western Europe. This book highlights the politicising of parenthood in the Scandinavian welfare states - focusing on the relationship between parents and the state, and the ongoing renegotiations between the public and the private. Drawing on new empirical research, leading Scandinavian academics provide an up-to-date record and critical synthesis of Nordic work-family reforms since the 1990s. A broad range of policies targeting working parents is examined including: the expansion of childcare services as a social right; parental leave; cash benefits for childcare; and working hours regulations. The book also explores policy discourses, scrutinises outcomes, and highlights the similarities and differences between Nordic countries through analysis of comparative statistical data and national case studies. Set in the context of economic restructuring and the growing influence of neo-liberal ideology, each chapter addresses concerns about the impact of policies on the gender relations of parenthood. "Politicising Parenthood in Scandinavia" is a timely contribution to ongoing policy debates on welfare state models, parenthood and gender equality. It will be of particular interest to students and teachers of welfare studies, family policy and gender studies.
Peasant petitions : social relations and economic life on landed estates, 1600-1850
Sibling rivalry, sibling love : what every brother and sister needs their parents to know
The Ingrian lamenter as psychopomp
The process of parenting
The art of teaching music
The professional identity of teachers of English
The Changing role of accountants : a field of three Finnish accounting firms
Role conception and vocational success and satisfaction : a study of student and professional nurses
On living through Soviet Russia
The sociology of the artist in the postmodern era : pride and uncertainty
The second curve : thoughts on reinventing society
Media and knowledge : the role of television : papers from a Seminar at the University of Bergen, September 30 - October 1, 1995
Roleplaying game genres
Dungeons & dragons for dummies
Women and peace-building : did Security Council's resolution 1325 on women, security and peace empower women in post-conflict peace-building in Kosovo?
When everything feels like the movies
Gender roles and domestic violence : narrative analysis of social construction of gender in Uganda
In the language of the mother — re-storying the relational moral in teachers' stories
The limits of fantasy : a comparative study of the representations of gender, ethnicity and class in the console fantasy role-playing games Lost Odyssey and Final Fantasy XIII
The presentation of self in everyday life
Relations of television : genre and gender in the production, reception and text of a Japanese family drama
The deacon's ministry
Difficult men : behind the scenes of a creative revolution : from The Sopranos and The Wire to Mad Men and Breaking Bad
Social norms, tasks and roles
Ultimate werewolf
The role of the teacher in the infant and nursery school
Ballet Kitty : Christmas show
We should all be feminists
Offers an updated definition of feminism for the twenty-first century, one rooted in inclusion and awareness.
Pavis : gateway to adventure
Negotiating identity : symbolic interactionist approaches to social identity
The identity society
Contested modernities in Turkey : constituting the modern subject in Bilkent University
Gender and the European labour market
Summary.
Spin-Fold-Spill : a textual investigation about role-play, narrative, and fictitious truths
Informal roles within eSport teams : a content analysis of the game 'Counter-Strike: Global Offensive
Performance of masculinity and the role of a social father in A Fine Balance by Rohinton Mistry
Murder in the mystery suite
Firstborn
Social games and identity in the higher education workplace : playing with gender, class and emotion
The handmaid's tale
Women, men and children in families : private troubles and public issues
Becoming a midwife
"This book examines the structures and texture of rural social relationships, using one type of document found in abundance over all the four component parts of Britain and Ireland: petitions from tenants to their landlords. Exploring the authorship, form, and style of more than 2,000 petitions as well as their content, and looking at variations in petitioning as a communication strategy, it uses requests for help to understand the diverse material and social lives of those who worked the land in an era of profound change. Ranging over the many practices of lordship and estate management, the book offers unexpected angles on many aspects of society and economy on estates in north-west England, the Highland margin of Scotland, the north of Ireland, and Wales. Broad in geographical and chronological scope, it integrates, compares, and contrasts the experience of the rural population in different parts of the British Isles. Primarily social and cultural in focus, it also extends understandings of local, regional, and national histories. "--
The gamification of learning and instruction : game-based methods and strategies for training and education
The emerging practices of modern budgeting and the role of controller
Politicising parenthood in Scandinavia : gender relations in welfare states
"Stretching" exercises for qualitative researchers
The social psychology of organizations
Style for actors : a handbook for moving beyond realism
The scope of social psychology :  theory and applications
Understanding gender and organizations
Lessons learned using theory of mind methods to investigate user social awareness in virtual role-play
Boundary issues in counseling : multiple roles and responsibilities
Postcolonial masculinities : emotions, histories and ethics
Rights and fairness : a cross-cultural analysis of the representation of gender relations in marriages in Vietnamese and British online comments
Performing gender in medical soaps : power conflict management in the dialogue of Chicago Hope and Casualty
Health, welfare & practice: reflecting on roles & relationships
The modern grandparent's guide
Index to characters in the performing arts. 2, Non-musical plays
The core of the sun
Role theory : concepts and research
Roles : an introduction to the study of social relations
Cybertext yearbook 2006 : ergodic histories
This revision of the book incorporates the many changes that have occurred in the field since the publication of the original text in 1981. It reflects the shifts in philosophy and current trends in interpreting. Like the first text, this revision is down to earth and unpretentious while respectful of the field and complexity of the task. Revised edition remains an invaluable text for students and teachers of interpreting, professionals and administrators of support services, and for anyone interested in integrating D/deaf and hearing individuals in any given situation.
Coaching and mentoring in higher education : a learning-centred approach
We all play games at work - but have you ever wondered how your identity becomes bound up with game playing? This book is about employees in the Higher Education workplace and it provides an interpretation of why people act the way they do at work as an expression of game playing. It offers an insight into how people try to adapt and fit in at work by looking at how value is attached to certain identities through the lens of class and gender. The figure of the 'chav', the 'emotional woman', 'The Grafter', and 'Mrs. Bucket', are explored in detail as representations of what kinds of people are permitted, or not, to fit in at work. These identities are topical, and may even be familiar to readers, but the author's analysis of them challenges why they exist, what function these identities serve at work, and who is able to deploy and inscribe them as part of the games people play at work.
The hobbit : the battle of the five armies : official movie guide
Fathers and sons : in and about education
Consumers as rubbish bins in industrial society vs. consumers as artists
Supporting parenthood in interaction : a conversation analytic study of maternity and child health clinics
Casting revealed : a guide for film directors
Explorations in role analysis : studies of the school superintendency role
Beyond ”gender and stir” : reflections on gender and SSR in the aftermath of African conflict
Teams and team-working
Communicating successfully in groups : a practical quide for the workplace
Emotion and culture : empirical studies of mutual influence
International differences in leadership ideologies of managers
Service encounters in a British cooking show : aspects of organisation and discourse roles
The first bad man : a novel
Problems in the organisation when changing from a hierarchical organisation structure to a process structure : case study: Card Process, Neste Marketing Ltd
Teacher and pupil : some socio-psychological aspects
Sign language interpreting : a basic resource book
'Minna, the Model' and other stories : gender roles in an English textbook series for Finnish lower secondary schools
Strategic value of electronic human resource management : case financial institution
Construction of a playspace : autoethnographical inquiry to temporal and spatial frames of the play experience of World of Warcraft
Conceptual model for defining roles and their interaction in business networks
The hobbit : the desolation of Smaug : official movie guide
Family in transition : a study of 300 Yugoslav villages
A framework for identifying the roles of marketing
Our people : a tight-knit family under the same protective roof : a critical study of gendered conceptual metaphors at work in radical right populism
The fundamentals of small group communication
A study of teacher role expectations
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Pathfinder : roleplaying game. Gamemastery guide
James Bond encyclopedia
Community of the future : challenges and new approaches to communtiy based social work and diaconia from the CABLE approach
Quality patient care and the role of the clinical nursing specialist
Abstracts of the refereed articles
Semantic roles have continued to intrigue linguists for more than four decades now, starting with determining their kind and number, with their morphological expression, and with their interaction with argument structure and syntax. The focus in this volume is on typological and historical issues. The papers focus on the cross-linguistic identification of semantic-role equivalents, on the regularity of, and exceptions concerning change and grammaticalization in semantic roles, the variation of encoding the roles of direction and experiencer in specific languages, presenting evidence for identifying a new semantic role of speech addressee in Caucasian languages, on semantic roles in word formation, and finally a cross-linguistic comparison of the functions and the grammaticalization of the ethical dative in some Indo-European languages. The book will be of interest to anyone involved with case and semantic roles, with the syntax-semantics interface, and with semantic change and grammaticalization.
Habitus and care : investigating welfare service workers' agency
Grantparenthood
Feeling vs. being like a domestic goddess : cookbooks and lifestyle choices
Interpreting as a discourse process
Women's health research
Index to characters in the performing arts. 4, Radio and television
Learning professionals are finding success applying game-based sensibilities to the development of instruction. This is the first book to show how to design online instruction that leverages the best elements of online games to increase learning, retention, and application. It explains how to match different game strategies to types of learning content for the right learning outcome and discusses how gamification techniques can be used in a variety of settings to improve learning, retention and application of knowledge. Supported by peer-reviewed studies and examples from corporations who have adopted game-based learning successfully, the book illustrates how combining instructional design thinking with game concepts can create engaged and interactive learning experiences across a variety of media, from online to face-to-face.
Artificial knowing : gender and the thinking machine
The throwback special : a novel
Dress me up! : the use of fashion in identity formation
Childbearing and Work-Family Balance among Contemporary Russian Women
Bang! : the dice game
The Royal Prerogative redefined : parliamentary debate on the role of the British Parliament in large-scale military deployments, 1982-2003
Man up : surviving modern masculinity
The great Dalmuti
Balancing the big stuff : finding happiness in work, family, and life
The accidental feminist : how Elizabeth Taylor raised our consciousness and we were too distracted by her beauty to notice
Role theory : perspectives for health professionals
