http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1449 beatniks
beatniks
Junky : The Definitive Text of 'Junk'
Selected letters : 1940-1956
Kerouac - kicks joy darkness
The lion for real
Desolation angels
Jack Kerouac : a biography
The beat experience
The beat book : writings from the beat generation
Break through in grey room
This book investigates the cultural construction of immediacy in Beat writing. It places an expanded canon of Beat writers in an early postmodern context that highlights their importance in American poetics and outlines the effects of gender and race on Beat writing in the postwar years. Mortenson argues that Beat writers focused on action, desire, and spontaneity to establish an authentic connection to the world around them. He challenges the stereotype of the Beats as simply timeless hipsters by demonstrating their importance to our understanding of the changes occurring in America in the middle of the twentieth century.
Down the tracks : the music that influenced Bob Dylan
The Beat generation : a beginner's guide
Syncopations : Beats, New Yorkers, and writers in the dark
William Burroughs : el hombre invisible: [a portrait]
The first collection of letters between the two leading figures of the Beat movement. Jack Kerouac and Allen Ginsberg are the most celebrated names of the Beat Generation, linked together not only by their shared artistic sensibility but also by a deep and abiding friendship, one that colored their lives and greatly influenced their writing. Editors Bill Morgan and David Stanford shed new light on this intimate and influential friendship in this fascinating exchange of letters, two thirds of which have never been published before. Commencing in 1944 while Ginsberg was a student at Columbia University and continuing until shortly before Kerouac's death in 1969, the two hundred letters included in this book provide profound insight into their lives and their writing. While not always in agreement, Ginsberg and Kerouac inspired each other spiritually and creatively, and their letters became a vital workshop for their art.--From publisher description.
Masterpieces of Beat literature
Encyclopedia of beat literature
Fifty years ago, Norman Mailer asserted, "William Burroughs is the only American novelist living today who may conceivably be possessed by genius." Few since have taken such literary risks, developed such individual political or spiritual ideas, or spanned such a wide range of media. Burroughs wrote novels, memoirs, technical manuals, and poetry. He painted, made collages, took thousands of photographs, produced hundreds of hours of experimental recordings, acted in movies, and recorded more CDs than most rock bands. Burroughs was the original cult figure of the Beat Movement, and with the publication of his novel Naked Lunch, which was originally banned for obscenity, he became a guru to the 60s youth counterculture. In CALL ME BURROUGHS, biographer and Beat historian Barry Miles presents the first full-length biography of Burroughs to be published in a quarter century-and the first one to chronicle the last decade of Burroughs's life and examine his long-term cultural legacy. Written with the full support of the Burroughs estate and drawing from countless interviews with figures like Allen Ginsberg, Lucien Carr, and Burroughs himself, CALL ME BURROUGHS is a rigorously researched biography that finally gets to the heart of its notoriously mercurial subject.
Girls who wore black : women writing the beat generation
Beat sound, Beat vision : the Beat spirit and popular song
The beat hotel : Ginsberg, Burroughs & Corso in Paris, 1957-1963
Beatific soul : Jack Kerouac on the road
Call me Burroughs : a life
Off the road : my years with Cassady, Kerouac, and Ginsberg
AsEverWas : Memoirs of a beat survivor
Pop surf culture : music, design, film, and fashion from the bohemian surf boom
Ports of entry : William S. Burroughs and the arts
Birth of the cool : beat, bebop & the American avant-garde
Howls, raps & roars : Recordings from the San Francisco poetry renaissance
The Dharma Bums
This is the beat generation : New York - San Francisco - Paris
The beat generation in New York : a walking tour of Jack Kerouac's city
A simple twist of faith : religion and spirituality in Jack Kerouac's On the road, The dharma bums, and Desolation angels
Cities of the red night
Text and drugs and rock 'n' roll : the beats and rock culture
Jack Kerouac and Allen Ginsberg : the letters
The Portable Beat reader
Beat drama : playwrights and performances of the 'Howl' generation
Presenting a glimpse into the private life of the misunderstood writer, this collection of letters from the 1960s and 1970s reveals the era in which Burroughs became an influential artistic and cultural leader beyond the literary world.
Experimental fiction : an introduction for readers and writers
On the road : the original scroll
The birth of the beat generation : visionaries, rebels, and hipsters, 1944-1960
Women of the beat generation : the writers, artist and muses at the heart of a revolution
William Burroughs and the secret of fascination
The subterraneans; and, Pic
The making of a counter culture : reflections on the technocratic society and its youthful opposition
Rub out the words : letters 1959-1974
Literary outlaw : the life and times of William S. Burroughs
The beat generation and the angry young men
The hunchback of East Hollywood : a biography of Charles Bukowski
Text and drugs and rock'n' roll : the beats and rock culture
Junky : the definitive text of "Junk"
Moments along the road : place and sense of place in Jack Kerouac's On the road
A different beat : writings by women of the beat generation
The beat generation
Ken Kesey : author, One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest (novel), Beat generation, hippie beatnik, Robert K. Elder, Jack Nicolson, Louise Fletcher
Desolate angel : Jack Kerouac, the Beat generation, and America
Matkalla = On the road
On the road
Capturing the beat moment : cultural politics and the poetics of presence
When I was cool : my life at the Jack Kerouac school : memoir
The book examines the historical contexts and major themes of 20th-century experimental fiction and new directions for the novel offered by writers such as David Shields and Zadie Smith. Making often difficult works accessible for the first time reader and with extensive further reading guides, Experimental Fiction is an essential practical guidebook for students of creative writing and contemporary fiction.
Minor characters : a young woman's coming-of-age in the beat orbit of Jack Kerouac
Jazz of the beat generation
The voice is all : the lonely victory of Jack Kerouac
New York in the fifties
Reconstructing the Beats
Jack Kerouac reads On the road
The subterraneans and Pic
The yage letters Redux
A concise companion to postwar American literature and culture
Readers and acolytes of the vital early 1950s-mid 1960s writers known as the Beat Generation tend to be familiar with the prose and poetry by the seminal authors of this period: Jack Kerouac, Gregory Corso, Lawrence Ferlinghetti, Diane Di Prima, and many others. Yet all of these authors, as well as other less well-known Beat figures, also wrote plays-and these, together with their countercultural approaches to what could or should happen in the theatre-shaped the dramatic experiments of the playwrights who came after them, from Sam Shepard to Maria Irene Fornes, to the many vanguard performance artists of the seventies. This volume, the first of its kind, gathers essays about the exciting work in drama and performance by and about the Beat Generation, ranging from the well-known Beat figures such as Kerouac, Ginsberg and Burroughs, to the "Afro-Beats" - LeRoi Jones (Amiri Baraka), Bob Kaufman, and others. It offers original studies of the women Beats - Di Prima, Bunny Lang - as well as groups like the Living Theater who in this era first challenged the literal and physical boundaries of the performance space itself.
William S. Burroughs : a life
Matkalla : On the road
Wising up the marks : the amodern William Burroughs
Doctor Sax : Faust part three
The beat generation in San Francisco : a literary tour
Beat culture and the new america 1950-1965
Burroughs live : the collected interviews of William S. Burroughs, 1960-1997
Encyclopedia of nineteenth-century photography
Kerouac : the definitive biography
Windblown world : the journals of Jack Kerouac, 1947-1954
Beat down to your soul : what was the Beat generation?
