http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14464 Pal
Pal
Dictionary of Pāli proper names. Vol. 1-2, Vol. 1: A-DH; Vol. 2: N-H
Collected papers. Vol. 6
Hemingway adventure
Decision making in village Nepal
Body-worlds : Opicinus de Canistris and the medieval cartographic imagination
A Pali grammar for students
The Mahāvaṃsa
Magyart : Unkarin nykytaidetta = contemporary Hungarian art
Perspectives on Indian religion : papers in honour of Karel Werner
Big girls don't cry : the election that changed everything for American women
It was all as unpredictable as it was riveting: Hillary Clinton's improbable rise, her fall and her insistence on pushing forward straight through to her remarkable phoenix flight from the race; Sarah Palin's attempt not only to fill the void left by Clinton, but to alter the very definition of feminism and claim some version of it for conservatives; liberal rapture over Barack Obama and the historic election of our first African-American president; the media microscope trained on Michelle Obama, harsher even than the one Hillary had endured fifteen years earlier. Meanwhile, media women like Katie Couric and Rachel Maddow altered the course of the election, and comedians like Tina Fey and Amy Poehler helped make feminism funny. As Traister sees it, the 2008 election was good for women. The campaign for the presidency reopened some of the most fraught American conversations about gender, race and generational difference, about sexism on the left and feminism on the right, all difficult discussions that had been left unfinished but that are crucial to further perfecting our union.
A Pāli reader : with notes and glossary. Part 1, Text and notes
Monty Python speaks : the complete oral history of Monty Python, as told by the founding members and a few of their many friends and collaborators
The geoglyphs of Palpa, Peru : documentation, analysis and interpretation
Illuminates the thrilling possibilities of female grassroots activism in India through the story of Sampat Pal and her Pink Gang.
A dictionary of the Pali language
Diaries 1980-1988 : halfway to Hollywood
Report on the Elura cave temples and the Brahmanical and Jaina caves in western India : completing the results of the fifth, sixth, and seventh seasons' operations of the Archaeological survey, 1877-78, 1878-79, 1879-80
From two of the best political reporters in the country comes the gripping inside story of the historic 2008 presidential election.
Pāli literature and language
Pali Buddhist texts : explained to the beginner
Magyart : Unkarin nykytaidetta : Juväskylän taidemuseo, Suomen Käsityön museo, Galleria Harmonia 21.6. - 26.8.2001 = contemporary Hungarian art : Jyväskylä Art Museum, the Craft Museum of Finland, Gallery Harmony 21.6. - 26.8.2001 / [näyttelyn kuraattori Marjatta Hietaniemi ; toimitus Marketta Mäkinen]
Diaries 1969-1979 : the Python years
My brain is open : the mathematical journeys of Paul Erdős
Game change : Obama and the Clintons, McCain and Palin, and the race of a lifetime
Michael Palin's Hemingway adventure
A Pāli reader and Pāli glossary
Pāli Tipiṭakaṁ concordance : being a concordance in Pāli to The three baskets of Buddhist scriptures in the Indian order of letters. Vol. 2, K-N
Pāli Tipiṭakaṁ concordance : being a concordance in Pāli to The three baskets of Buddhist scriptures in the Indian order of letters. Vol. 3, part 1-6
Tweeting God, guns and the constitution : the online impression management and political branding of Sarah Palin
Syntax of the infinite verb-forms of Pali
Travelling to work : diaries 1988-98
Diaries 1988 - 1998. Travelling to work
Hungarian folktales : the art of Zsuzsanna Palkó
Going rogue : an american life
Tiefebene hochkant : aktuelle Kunst aus Ungarn = High-angled Lowlands : current art from Hungary : Emese Benczúr, Marcell Esterházy, Pál Gerber, Gergely László - Péter Rákosi, Anikó Loránt, Gábor Ösz, the RandomRoutines : [Neuer Berliner Kunstverein, 10.3 / [Herausgeber = publisher: Neuer Berliner Kunstverein, ACAX - Hungarofest]
The Palin effect : money, sex and class in the new American politics
Pāli language and literature : a systematic survey and historical study
Pāli Tipiṭakaṁ concordance : being a concordance in Pāli to The three baskets of Buddhist scriptures in the Indian order of letters. Vol. 1, A-O
Monty Python speaks!
Monty Python : almost the truth : the lawyer's cut
Explanations of misfortune in the Buddha's life : the Buddha's misdeeds in his former human lives and their remnants
The Python's autobiography
Pink sari revolution : a tale of women and power in India
Pink sari revolution : a tale of women and power in the badlands of India
The Pali Text Society's Pali-English dictionary
Sarah : how a hockey mom turned the political establishment upside down
Monty Python at work : a behind-the-scenes account of the making of the TV and stage shows, films, books and albums
Monty Python encyclopedia
A critical Pāli dictionary
Life before and after Monty Python : the solo flights of the Flying Circus
Obama, Clinton, Palin : making history in election 2008
Pali-English dictionary
Newnes guide to television and video technology
Accompanying DVD-ROM consists of a database of the geoglyphs and a video of a virtual flight over the geoglyphs of Palpa.
Monty Python live!
Transformation : metamorphosis : Aomori Contemporary Art Centre Artist in Residence Program : 2005 : Autumn / [produced and edited by Aomori Contemporary Art Centre]
New course in reading Pāli ; entering the word of the Buddha
Pāli : a grammar of the language of the Theravāda Tipiṭaka : with a concordance to Pischel's Grammatik der Prakrit-Sprachen
Analysing digital marketing communication and customer needs in developing an online presence for Paw Pal
Aerobic fitness, energy balance and BMI are associated with training load assessed by activity energy expenditure
Around the world in 80 days
Photo-graphics : real world photo-graphic projects-from brief to finished solution
Burma : literature, historiography, scholarship, language, life, and Buddhism
