http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14458 remote identification
remote identification
Adoption possibilities and use of RFID in Nigeria health sector
Abstract: Electronic ticketing for Himos area.
Architectural Solutions for Mobile RFID Services on Internet of Things
Security and risks in radio frequency identification RFID
Getting started with RFID
Developing materials operations at component production
Enhancing innovation capability and business opportunities : cases of SME-oriented applied research
Implementation of intelligent RFID shelves
Performance measurement of a road network : a conceptual and technological approach for Estonia
Potential of RFID technology in logistics : case Metso Paper
An impulse UWB radio system for remotely-powered wireless memory tag applications
RFID+ study guide and practice exam
Abstract.
RFID and beyond : growing your business through real world awareness
RFID adoption in supply chains and organizations : adoption constraints
Operation of RFID in cold environment
Near field communication : atenna tolerance analysis
RFID Systems and Applications in Positioning
Security analysis and enhancement of RFID implant systems
Implementing Debian Linux and common services to Caswell CAM-0100 router
The development and advancement of mobile RFID-device testing
RFID in Finland : a survey of RFID deployments and privacy impact assessment (PIA)
Radio frequency identification technology and applications
RFID adoption in logistics industry
Integrating Camera Recognition and RFID System for Assets Tracking and Warehouse Management
Product features influencing the purchase of wireless handheld terminal
This bachelor's thesis was commissioned by Neste Oil Corporation that is a leading supplier of the traffic fuels and lubricants in Finland. The aim was to do a preliminary study on the possible RFID (Radio Frequency Identification) technology application for  the Naantali's terminal. The main objective of this thesis was to improve the safety at the Naantali refinery's terminal area by using the RFID technology. The research has been limited to include only tank truck identification at the terminal area and the terminal parking lot. The challenge was to find a suitable RFID system for the demanding environment of the oil refinery. This thesis consists of the basics and operating principles of the RFID technology. Safety is a very important factor in oil refinery. The special requirements of the environment, such as possible explosive atmospheres and other safety issues have been taken into consideration in the study. Current operations at the terminal have been researched and taken into consideration when thinking about the RFID application. The recommendations for the RFID application have been made according to the requirements that have been recognized during the research. Two different system suppliers and their products have been suggested. Although, the final decision on the system can only be made after the field tests for the readers and tags. Conclusion of this research is that by implementing the RFID system the safety at the terminal can be improved and the system would also be financially and operationally beneficial to implement.
Radio Frequency Identification (RFID) Technology in Marketing Communication
Flood control and drainage engineering
Deister UDL500 reader project : high-level software for embedded RFID reader
Use of personal location data by the police : technologies, experiences and assessment of effects
Remote navigation of  a mobile robot in a RFID-augmented environment
Practical handbook of remote sensing
Customer value creation with RFID and NFC in apparel retail
Automated data gathering for industrial production tracking
"This book investigates the technology of ubiquitous computing, emerging applications and services, and social issues vital for the successful deployment of a ubiquitous computing application. Providing high quality, authoritative content on such topics as device design, wireless communication, location sensing, privacy concerns, attention focus, multi-person interaction, and direct interaction, work patterns, it is a must-have in library collections"--Provided by publisher.
Antenna design for contactless IC card applications
RFID in fashion supply chain management
CARGO AND INFORMATION FLOW BETWEEN PORT RELATED PARTIES
Touch the future with a smart touch
RFID and contactless smart card applications
Trilogy of magnetics : design guide for EMI filter design, SMPS & RF circuits
Radio frequency identification as a challenge to information security and privacy
Internet of Things : A RFID Temperature Smart sensor
Using technology to transform the value chain
Smart wheel loader based on RFID and positioning technologies
E-supply chain technologies and management
Studies towards utilizing passive UHF RFID technology in paper reel supply chains
RFID for the supply chain and operations professional
Surface acoustic wave RFID tags : ideas, developments and experiments
Managing product life cycle data using automatic identification
Correlating the observation of a physical object with measurement data and transforming it to a standard process level messaging format using Microsoft BizTalk Server 2006 R2
Automatic identification and data collection systems in a warehouse
On passive wireless sensors based on intermodulation communication
Linearization of RF power amplifier using dynamic bias point control : RF tehovahvistimen linearisointi dynaamisella biaspisteen säädöllä
eGate solution for self-service restaurants: case : TAMKOTUKI
Improving the remote control of a mobile robot using positioning and ubiquitous techniques
An arrangement to locate and identify people with dual-frequency tags providing context-related information
Internet Of Things : RFID Temperature Smart Sensor
RFID applied
Suitability of RFID based access control system in factory environment
Tiivistelmä: Elevator car door zone positioning system.
Using RFID in collecting consumer behaviour data : Case SENSO : An RFID implementation for the apparel industry
Glossary of supply chain terminology : a dictionary on business, transportation, warehousing, manufacturing, purchasing, technology, and more!
The effects of the environment on radio frequency identification RFID systems
RFID-enabled sensor design and applications
Studies towards improving RFID reader performance
A new approach to faster retail service and customer satisfaction : how NFC and RFID technologies may improve current retail business performance
Integration of complementary feature blocks in a mobile communication environment
Locawe : a novel platform for location-aware multimedia services
RFID field guide : deploying radio frequency identification systems
RFID toys : cool projects for home, office, and entertainment
Radio frequency identification handbook for librarians
RFID Linux authentication
Ultra low power UWB wavelet generator
Feasibility study of RFID in the telematics environment : case: CECS Project, YTI Research Center
Global RFID : the value of the EPCglobal Network for supply chain management
RFID technology's potential in warehouse management : perspective of VIktor Ek's Moving Division
Developments in printed RFID
Electronic ticketing for Himos area
Business justification for the implementation of radio frequency identification (RFID) systems in support of logistics – case company: JAT-Asennus Oy
RFID in logistics : a practical introduction
Application of RFID technology in terminal operations of an oil refinery : Neste Oil Corporation
Computerising material release orders : action research at ABB Transformers, Vaasa
RFID technology application
"This book is a comprehensive source of information for those interested in tourism and hospitality management, approaches, and trends, and, covers the emerging research topics that will define the future of IT and cultural development in the 21st century"--Provided by publisher.
Trends in supply chain design and management : technologies and methodologies
Security in RFID and sensor networks
Implementation of RFID technology in library systems  : case study: Turku City Library
RFID (Radio frequency identification) : features and applications
Estimation of unknown node positions of a localization network with a multi-robot system
RFID sourcebook
How to design a low cost UHF RFID reader
The RF in RFID : passive UHF RFID in practice
RFID-Based wireless sensor data collection unit
Maximize your warehouse operations with SAP ERP
Development environment for the RF-controller
Suitability of RFID Based Access Control System in Factory Environment
Remote control for ubiquitous robotics using wireless positioning technigues
Technology for facility managers : the impact of cutting-edge technology on facility management
How to cheat at deploying and securing RFID
Elevator car door zone positioning system
RFID multiplexing reader with Java ME features
RFID technology and applications
Elevator Car Door Zone Positioning System
The RFID roadmap : the next steps for Europe
Near field communication (NFC) is a form of wireless communication technology in which data is transferred via a magnetic field. Unlike GPS or WLAN, NFC is used for short range data transfer. The purpose of this thesis is to study NFC technology, its problems as well as its standard requirements and perform a tolerance analysis of NFC antenna. The tolerance analysis is executed by using Monte Carlo analysis, performance analysis and normal distribution analysis. The Monte Carlo analysis is performed by using an APLAC simulation, which takes the tolerances of tuning components into account. The results of Monte Carlo analysis suggest that the variance of the resonance frequency is within acceptable frequency. The performance analysis is executed by measuring antenna EMVCo load modulation measurements with several different antenna samples. The results prove that samples with inductance between 2.1414 µH and 2.0406 µH meet EMVCo load modulation requirements. The normal distribution analysis is based on 5000 antenna samples, which are used to plot the normal distribution of antenna inductance. The results suggest that almost any sample that is produced is within the inductance in which EMVCo load modulation passes. The results of the analysis methods suggest that current antenna tuning fits into the tolerance of produced antennas proving that current antenna tuning is excellent.
Wireless sensor network for elderly care : applicability and limitations
Installation and Simulation of a Simple Parking Lot Management System
Abstract: Elevator Car Door Zone Positioning System.
Global hospitality and tourism management technologies
Abstract: RFID Linux authentication.
Connective technologies in the supply chain
RFID use in paper industry idenfication
Integrating camera recognition and RFID system for assets tracking and warehouse  management
Radio frequency identification and wireless sensor networks in supply chain management
Radio frequency identification (RFID) technology in marketing communication
Remote interaction with intelligent home environment : Etähallinta virtuaalikotiympäristössä
Techniques for location selection on a mobile device
Advances in ubiquitous computing : future paradigms and directions
RFID = RFID. Osa 3, Standardit II = Standards II
TAMK Logistics Innovation Laboratory : Project Logivo
This thesis researches the potential and usage of Radio Frequency Identification (RFID) technology in marketing communication. The commissioning company for this thesis is the German company XiLLeR GmbH, which operates in the fields of IT and the media. XiLLeR GmbH would like to know what is already possible with the help of RFID technology in marketing communication and in which direction this technology is developing. This research started in the summer 2009 by collecting information about the topic from a variety of sources. The project itself began in the fall 2009 and ended on schedule in May 2010. This thesis does not specifically concentrate on researching RFID technology in logistics, and a broader research of RFID technology itself is not included in this research. The information framework is about the basics of RFID technology, and there is a short introduction of Near Field Communication (NFC) software. NFC enables the usage of RFID in mobile phones. A chapter about traditional marketing communication tools interacting with RFID presents, among other things, different cases around the world and what RFID technology could bring to marketing communication. This helps the reader to build a larger picture as to how marketing communication can benefit from this technology. The ethicality of the RFID technology in marketing communication is researched, especially from the consumer's privacy point of view. The research method in this thesis is qualitative. Empirical material consists of personal interviews, articles and cases. The analysis of this material is based more on words and pictures than on numbers. This approach was chosen because the subject is new and the research needed interviews from professionals with a certain level of technological knowledge in order to get optimum results.    RFID has been identified as one of the cornerstones of the upcoming “Internet of Things”, where interconnected networks are everywhere and part of people's everyday life. The shift from mass-markets to more personalized micro-markets give marketers the need to create more personalized targeted marketing, which could be offered with the help of RFID technology. The younger generation can use technology better than any previous one. Their growing needs in the field of technology make it easy to envision future success for RFID technology in marketing communication.
Potential of Kanban in the manufacturing processes of customized products
