http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14493 surrender of possession
surrender of possession transfer
The systematic recruitment of new blood donors
Investigation and proof of title
Helping and being helped : naturalistic studies
Inter-American Convention on Extradition, signed at Caracas, Venezuela, on February 25, 1981, at the Inter-American Specialized Conference on Extradition
The ethics of transplants : why careless thought costs lives
The implementation of the European arrest warrant in the European Union : law, policy and practice
Mutual assistance in criminal and business regulatory matters
Europeanizing Hungarian extradition law - accesing to the European Union
Extradition : European standards
The black box society : the secret algorithms that control money and information
Primary selective IgA deficiency in healthy blood donors : a follow-up study of 20 years
Shock
Ethnographies of breastfeeding : cultural contexts and confrontations
The law and practice of extradition
International information on European forest sector : state, challenges, opportunities
International criminal law. Vol. 2, Procedural and enforcement mechanisms
International extradition : United States law and practice
Structuring corporate capital gains tax system in the European Union : a comparative Finnish perspective
Summary.
Unwholly
The legacy of Lucy Harte
Best practices for project handover in middle-size organizations
Aut dedere aut judicare : the duty to extradite or prosecute in international law
Three teens band together in order to sway the government to repeal all rulings in support of a procedure in which unwanted teenagers are captured and are unwound into parts that can be reused for transplantation / Library of Congress.
Beria's gardens : ten years' captivity in Russia and Siberia
Problems arising from the practical application of the European Convention on Mutual Assistance in Criminal Matters
Aspects of extradition law
Guide to the preparation use and quality assurance of blood componenets : recommendation no. R(95)15
European inter-state cooperation in criminal matters : the Council of Europe's legal instruments = La coopération inter-étatique européenne en matière pénale : les instruments juridiques du Conseil de l'Europe
British extradition law and procedure : including extradition between the United Kingdom and foreign states, the Commonwealth and dependent countries and the Republic of Ireland. 1.
Transactions in real property in Germany
Elements of land law
POW deaths and people handed over to Germany and the Soviet Union in 1939-55 : a research report by the Finnish National Archives
British extradition law and procedure. by V.E. Hartley Booth, assisted by Peter Sells. Vol. 2.
In a future world where those between the ages of thirteen and eighteen can have their lives "unwound" and their body parts harvested for use by others, three teens go to extreme lengths to uphold their beliefs--and, perhaps, save their own lives.
North-Estonia blood donors, their motivation and informational needs
Ruoff & Roper on the law and practice of registered conveyancing
The Unit : a novel
Thanks to Connor, Lev, and Risa, and their high-profile revolt at Happy Jack Harvest Camp, people can no longer turn a blind eye to unwinding. Ridding society of troublesome teens and, in the same stroke, providing much-needed tissues for transplant might be convenient, but its morality has finally been brought into question. However, unwinding has become big business, and there are powerful political and corporate interests that want to see it not only continue, but expand, allowing the unwinding of prisoners and the impoverished. Cam is a teen who does not exist. He is made entirely out of the parts of other unwinds. Cam, a 21st century Frankenstein, struggles with a search for identity and meaning, as well as the concept of his own soul, if indeed a rewound being can have one. When a sadistic bounty hunter who takes "trophies" from the unwinds he captures starts to pursue Connor, Risa and Lev, Cam finds his fate inextricably bound with theirs / Library of Congress.
The law of extradition and mutual assistance
Mutual assistance in criminal matters : international co-operation in the investigation and prosecution of crime
It is challenging to run a project and hand it over into daily processes. This thesis examines Nord Pool Spot AS' (later NPS) issues in current project and operational processes. It has been a common problem in NPS that the project team has had the best knowledge of new systems. This has led to a situation where the daily operation team depends on the project team and/or persons who have worked for the project.    The thesis is based on a research problem to define an optimal project handover model for small or medium size organizations. It intends to describe a model which ensures the end user's sufficient knowledge of the project. In other words, the goal is to define how to ensure thorough knowledge of new systems for the end-users.    The research methodology in this thesis is the case study method. With the help of semi standardized interviews, the plan was to organize the theory to present best practice. The data was collected by interviewing employees, employers, and suppliers. Also, an external project manager's project diary was studied.    The most common issue in project handover in NPS is to define the end user's roles and responsibilities. The reason for this, and similar issues in all these projects (Enex, Sets and Sesam) is the need for the organizational maturity to run projects according to standards. Other issues included the motivation of end users. Among project members, the motiva-tion is good but since the end users are not committed to the new product in the early phase, their motivation is lacking.  The model that this organization is missing is clear responsibilities for each process; clear phases for the project; validating and verifying project results; and commitment of the operational team.
Lone wolf
Extradition law handbook
Undivided
Safe blood and blood products. Module 1, Safe blood donation
Parker's modern conveyancing precedents
Transnational fugitive offenders in international law : extradition and other mechanisms
The girls who went away : the hidden history of women who surrended children for adoption in the decades before Roe v. Wade
The illegal trade of organs and tissues
International extradition and world public order
Seize the future for your business : using imagination to power growth
Searches and enquiries : a conveyancer's guide
Extradition, politics and human rights
Business transfer awareness raising : a practical guidebook
"After crossing oceans, a man and a boy arrive in a new land. Here they are each assigned a name and an age, and held in a camp in the desert while they learn Spanish, the language of their new country. As Simon and David they make their way to the relocation centre in the city of Novilla, where officialdom treats them politely but not necessarily helpfully. Simon finds a job in a grain wharf. The work is unfamiliar and backbreaking, but he soon warms to his stevedore comrades, who during breaks conduct philosophical dialogues on the dignity of labour, and generally take him to their hearts. Now he must set about his task of locating the boy's mother. Though like everyone else who arrives in this new country he seems to be washed clean of all traces of memory, he is convinced he will know her when he sees her. And indeed, while walking with the boy in the countryside Simon catches sight of a woman he is certain is the mother, and persuades her to assume the role. David's new mother comes to realise that he is an exceptional child, a bright, dreamy boy with highly unusual ideas about the world. But the school authorities detect a rebellious streak in him and insist he be sent to a special school far away. His mother refuses to yield him up, and it is Simon who must drive the car as the trio flees across the mountains. The Childhood of Jesus is a profound, beautiful and continually surprising novel from a very great writer." --Dust jacket.
Handbook on the European Arrest Warrant
Extradition Act 2003 (c.41) and Crime (International Co-operation) Act 2003 (c.32) : a current law statute guide
African workshop on management of blood transfusion services : optimal use of resources : follow-up course : Harare, Zimbabwe 2-11 october 1990
The European arrest warrant in practice
Fundamental rights in the external activities of the European Union in the fields of justice and asylum and migration in 2003 : thematic comment no. 2
Guide to the quality and safety of tissues and cells for human application
Seeking promises from torturers : the use of diplomatic assurances against torture and their compatibility with the principle of non-refoulement
European arrest warrant : a solution ahead of its time?
Blood : a biography of the stuff of life
Problem of the parallel enforcement system in European leniency and the effects of the United States
Unsouled
Enhancing international law enforcement co-operation, including extradition measures : proceedings of the workshop held at eleventh United Nations Congress on Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice, Bangkok, Thailand, 18-25 April 2005
Influences on building construction project time delivery : the Ghanaian client's and practitioner's perspective
Legal aspects of extradition among European states
Every day, corporations are connecting the dots about our personal behavior--silently scrutinizing clues left behind by our work habits and Internet use. But who connects the dots about what firms are doing with all this information? Frank Pasquale exposes how powerful interests abuse secrecy for profit and explains ways to rein them in.
Penal aspects of the UN drug conventions
Textbook of blood banking and transfusion medicine
Lawless world : America and the making and breaking of global rules
Business transfer awareness raising : A practical guidebook
Takeover success prediction : European acquisitions between 1999 and 2008
Delivery of European Cross-Border Health Care and the Relevance and Effects of EU Regulations and Judicial Processes with Reference to Delivery of Drugs and Blood Donor Information Material.
Modern blood banking & transfusion practices
After the destruction of the Graveyard, Connor and Lev are on the run, seeking a woman who may be the key to bringing down unwinding forever while Cam, the rewound boy, tries to prove his love for Risa by bringing Proactive Citizenry to its knees / Library of Congress.
Surrendering to international criminal courts : contemporary practice and procedures
Basic & applied concepts of immunohematology
Body parts : property rights and the ownership of human biological materials
Deportation home to Ingria
The United Nations and crime prevention
Motherhood and infertility in Ireland : understanding the presence of absence
The childhood of Jesus
"Thanks to Connor, Lev, and Risa, and their high-profile revolt at Happy Jack Harvest Camp, people can no longer turn a blind eye to unwinding. Ridding society of troublesome teens and, in the same stroke, providing much-needed tissues for transplant might be convenient, but its morality has finally been brought into question. However, unwinding has become big business, and there are powerful political and corporate interests that want to see it not only continue, but expand, allowing the unwinding of prisoners and the impoverished. Cam is a teen who does not exist. He is made entirely out of the parts of other unwinds. Cam, a 21st century Frankenstein, struggles with a search for identity and meaning, as well as the concept of his own soul, if indeed a rewound being can have one. When a sadistic bounty hunter who takes "trophies" from the unwinds he captures starts to pursue Connor, Risa and Lev, Cam finds his fate inextricably bound with theirs"--
Extradition in multilateral treaties and conventions
