http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14474 orthodoxy (properties)
orthodoxy (properties)
Religious orthodoxy and popular faith in European society
Post-Reformation reformed dogmatics : the rise and development of reformed orthodoxy, ca. 1520 to ca. 1725. Volume 1, Prolegomena to theology
Post-Reformation reformed dogmatics : the rise and development of reformed orthodoxy, ca. 1520 to ca. 1725. Volume 3, The divine essence and attributes
An orthodox Old English homiliary? : Aelfric's view on apocryphal acts of the apostles
Abraham Calov's doctrine of vocatio in its systematic context
The right to heresy : Castellio against Calvin
The tactics of toleration : a refugee community in the age of religious wars
Post-Reformation reformed dogmatics : the rise and development of reformed orthodoxy, ca. 1520 to ca. 1725. Volume 2, Holy Scripture : the cognitive foundation of theology
Gustaf Wingren and the Swedish Luther Renaissance
Dominus narrabit in scriptura populorum : a study of early seventeenth-century Lutheran teaching on preaching and the Lettische lang-gewünschte Postill of Georgius Mancelius
Lithuanian yeshivas of the nineteenth century : creating a tradition of learning
The inquisitor's diary
Post-Reformation reformed dogmatics : the rise and development of reformed orthodoxy, ca. 1520 to ca. 1725. Volume 4, The triunity of God
Orthodoxy, modernity, and authenticity : the reception of Ernest Renan's Life of Jesus in Russia
The life and writings of Hercules Collins provide a window into understanding how seventeenth-century Baptists viewed themselves in relationship to historic Christianity and Puritan orthodoxy: Collins was not only a respected member of the Particular Baptist community, but was also a faithful representative of that community. Stephan Weaver's examination of Collins' commitment to historic Christianity and Protestant orthodoxy serves as an opportunity to understand better the doctrinal commitments of seventeenth-century English Particular Baptists.
Orthodoxy and the courts in late antiquity
Orthodox, puritan, babtist : Hercules Collins (1647-1702) and particular babtist identity in early modern England
Modern orthodox Judaism : studies and perspectives
Church and school in early modern Protestantism : studies in honor of Richard A. Muller on the maturation of a theological tradition
Catholicity and heresy in the early church
The Bauer thesis examined : the geography of heresy in the early Christian church
Heresy and authority in medieval Europe : documents in translation
Taming the prophets : astrology, orthodoxy and the word of God in early modern Sweden
Tears into wine : J. S. Bach's cantata 21 in its musical and theological contexts
Humanism in seventeenth century spirituality
Byung Soo Han intends to answer, by investigating the merger of patristic and contemporary sources in the theological method of Amandus Polanus, a significant question concerning the way in which the intellectual and methodological eclecticism of the Reformed was able to establish a coherent "system" of thought capable of defense as not only confessional but also orthodox in its theology and broadly catholic, drawing both on the thought of the Reformers and on the resources of the great tradition of Christian thought that extended back to the church fathers. From a methodological perspective, Polanus's development from the Ramistically-organized doctrinal framework of the early Partitiones, through the increasingly detailed and specialized efforts of the commentaries, disputations, and Symphonia, indicates a fairly clear, concerted effort to build toward a detailed systematic presentation - and in fact, each of these earlier efforts provided as it were building-blocks that would be incorporated into the Syntagma. This constructive labor itself serves to set aside the claim that Polanus based his theology on a deductive principle. The specific focus of the book is on the place and function of backgrounds and sources, traditional and contemporary, with particular emphasis on the place of the church fathers in Reformed orthodoxy. Polanus's patristic work, Symphonia, and its eventual impact on his full systematic work, the Syntagma, provides a singular case, within the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries, of the reformulation of patristic thought in a fully systematized form, suitable for combination with the results of biblical exegesis and contemporary doctrinal argumentation in the formulation of Reformed orthodox theology. This study attempts to assess the claim of catholicity and orthodoxy by Reformed theology, demonstrating the formative function of patristic thought in Polanus's theology. Further, the study illustrates the place of this traditionary exercise within the methodologically eclectic approach followed by Polanus and his contemporaries as they created a theology that drew not only on Scripture and contemporary philosophical assumptions but also on patristic, medieval, Reformation-era, traditionary Aristotelian, Platonic, and Ramist sources. This study, therefore, reappraises the development of Reformed orthodoxy. In Polanus's case, an older scholarship that read his theology as based on central dogmas or as an exercise of rationalism will be set aside in favor of a more nuanced view of his sources and method. Within this larger framework, Polanus's use of the fathers builds on and confirms the Reformers's assumption of catholicity in the face of the detailed polemics of Robert Bellarmine as well as confirming the point that his approach to formulation was traditionary and somewhat eclectic. Finally, the book identifies the theological cohesion of the early orthodox Reformed model, as exemplified by Polanus's thought, especially in its method of drawing together of traditionary materials from varied sources. In short, the book demonstrates the importance of the church fathers to the formulation of a Reformed orthodox and catholic theology in the context of showing, contrary to previous studies of Polanus's thought and contrary to the older stereotypes of "Calvinist" orthodoxy, that Reformed orthodoxy was neither a rigid monolith nor a matter of philosophical speculation but the product of a carefully conceived exercise in the compilation and assessment of biblical and traditionary materials.
The inspiration of Scripture : a study of the theology of the seventeenth century Lutheran docmaticians
The pattern of Christian truth : A study in the relations between orthodoxy and heresy in the early Church
Religion, power, and resistance from the eleventh to the sixteenth centuries : playing the heresy card
Communal Christianity : the life and loss of a peasant vision in early modern Germany
Jerusalem and Sao Paulo : the new Jewish Orthodoxy in focus
Liberation and Orthodoxy : The Promise and Failures of Interconfessional Dialogue ; Yacob Tesfai
A great deal of scholarship has too often juxtaposed scholasticism and piety, resulting in misunderstandings of the relationship between Protestant churches of the early modern era and the theology taught in their schools. But more recent scholarship, especially conducted by Richard A. Muller over the last number of decades, has remapped the lines of continuity and discontinuity in the relation of church and school. This research has produced a more methodologically nuanced and historically accurate representation of church and school in early modern Protestantism. Written by leading scholars of early modern Protestant theology and history and based on research using the most relevant original sources, this collection seeks to broaden our understanding of how and why clergy were educated to serve the church. Contributors include: Yuzo Adhinarta, Willem van Asselt, Irena Backus, Jordan J. Ballor, J. Mark Beach, Andreas Beck, Joel R. Beeke, Lyle D. Bierma, Raymond A. Blacketer, James E. Bradley, Dariusz M. Bryćko, Amy Nelson Burnett, Emidio Campi, Heber Carlos de Campos Jr, Kiven Choy, R. Scott Clark, Paul Fields, John V. Fesko, Paul Fields, W. Robert Godfrey, Alan Gomes, Albert Gootjes, Chad Gunnoe, Aza Goudriaan, Fred P. Hall, Byung-Soo (Paul) Han, Nathan A. Jacobs, Frank A. James III, Martin Klauber, Henry Knapp, Robert Kolb, Mark J. Larson, Brian J. Lee, Karin Maag, Benjamin T.G. Mayes, Andrew M. McGinnis, Paul Mpindi, Adriaan C. Neele, Godfried Quaedtvlieg, Sebastian Rehnman, Todd Rester, Gregory D. Schuringa, Herman Selderhuis, Donald Sinnema, Keith Stanglin, David Steinmetz, David Sytsma, Yudha Thianto, John L. Thompson, Carl Trueman, Theodore G. Van Raalte, Cornelis Venema, Timothy Wengert, Reita Yazawa, Jeongmo Yoo, and Jason Zuidema.
Christian orthodoxy
Heinrich Heshusius and confessional polemic in early Lutheran orthodoxy
Symphonia Catholica : the merger of patristic and contemporary sources in the theological method of Amandus Polanus (1561-1610)
