http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14438 arthropods
arthropods
Arachnida and Myriapoda of the Seychelles Islands
An account of the Crustacea of Norway with short descriptions and figures of all the species. Vol. 3, parts 1-10, Cumacea
An account of the Crustacea of Norway with short descriptions and figures of all the species. Vol. 5, Copepoda, Harpacticoida (Text)
The systematics and evolution of the Moinidae
Arthropod diversity at Archipelago Sea in south-western Finland = Niveljalkaisten monimuotoisuus Saaristomerellä Lounais-Suomessa
Changes in edaphic factors and microarthropod communities after clearing and burning in a tropical rain forest in French Guyana
Prevention of bug bites, stings, and disease
Alien terrestrial arthropods of Europe. Pt. 2
The other insect societies
Do phytopathogenic arthropods alter metal levels of bioindicator plants?
Extraordinary bugs
An account of the Crustacea of Norway with short descriptions and figures of all the species. Vol. 6, Copepoda, Cyclopoida
Sensitivity of soil decomposer communities to habitat fragmentation : an experimental approach
Rare and threatened arthropods in the North Karelian biosphere reserve
The role of arthropods in forest ecosystems
Insects and spiders of the world. Vol. 5, Harvester ant - leaf-cutting ant
Quantitative study of invertebrate groups in the soil and ground layer of the IBP sites at Kevo, northern Finland
Canopy arthropods
Insects and spiders
Advances in ecological research : Vol. 23. 23
Ground-living arthropods along pollution gradient in boreal pine forest
Amazing insects : the secret world of invertebrates
Response of earthworms and soil biota to agricultural practices in corn, soybean and cereal rotations
Insects and spiders of the world. Vol. 4, Endangered species - gypsy moth
An account of the Crustacea of Norway with short descriptions and figures of all the species. Vol. 5, Copepoda, Harpacticoida (Plates)
Tracks & sign of insects & other invertebrates : a guide to North American species
An account of the Crustacea of Norway with short descriptions and figures of all the species. Vol. 4, parts 1-14, Copepoda, Calanoida
Insects and spiders of the world. Vol. 6, Locomotion - orb-web spider
A litterbag-test for the assessment of side effects of pesticides on soil mesofauna
Alien terrestrial arthropods of Europe. Pt. 1
Basic arthropodan stock : with special reference to insects
The natural world of bugs & insects
An account of the Crustacea of Norway with short descriptions and figures of all the species. Vol. 1, Amphipoda (Text)
Fine structure of the integument of Argas (Persicargas) persicus (Oken) (Ixodoidea: Argasidae)
Ladybirds & lobsters, scorpions & centipedes
Trilobite systematics, biostratigraphy and palaeoecology of the Lower Ordovician Komstad Limestone and Huk Formations, southern Scandinavia
Insects and spiders of the world. Vol. 9, Stone fly - velvet worm
Terrestrial arthropods of peatlands, with particular reference to Canada
An account of the Crustacea of Norway with short descriptions and figures of all the species. Vol. 2, Isopoda
Effects of three insecticides on the activity of non-target arthropods in nursery soil
Sensory systems and communication in arthropods : including the first comprehensive collection of contributions by Soviet scientists
Krank durch Arthropoden
Studies on Acari. No. 1, The genus Demodex, Owen
Post-embryonic growth and fine-structural organization of arthropod photoreceptors : a study involving selected species of insects and crustaceans
Efferent control of visual sensitivity in arthropod eyes : with emphasis on circadian rhythms
A landscape of insects and other invertebrates
Horseshoe crabs and velvet worms : the story of the animals and plants that time has left behind
Bibliography of the arctic arthropods of the nearctic region
Insect museum : describing 114 species of insects and other arthropods, including their natural history and environment
Mites (Acari: Prostigmata: Erythraeidae, Trombidiidae) new to the fauna of Norway, Finland, Russia, Latvia and Lithuania, with a description of Podothrombium roari n. sp
International conference "Biological Control of Vectors with Predaceous Arthropods" (7-10 January 1988) : abstracts
Firefly encyclopedia of insects and spiders
Insects and spiders of the world. Vol. 10, Wandering spider - Zorapteran
Ground-living arthropods in a polluted pine forest, southern Finland
Biodiversity & biofuel : harvest of logging residue affects forest arthropods
Arthropod systematics & phylogeny
Effects of fly-ash contamination on the microarthropod abundances in East-Slovak agroecosystems
Cilia and flagella
Northern shrimp research in the North Atlantic : state of the art and future research strategy : report of the Northern Shrimp Working Group, 18-20 March 1997, Nuuk, Greenland
Temporal and spatial niche differentiation of predatory arthopods of the soil surface in two forest ecosystems
Beachcombers, landlubbers and able seemen : effects of marine subsidies on roles of arthropod predators in coastal food webs
John Hull Grundy's Arthropods of medical importance
Morphological comparison of Cambrian arthropods from an ontogenetic perspective
Towards a natural history of Arthropods and other organisms : in memoriam Konrad Thaler. 3
Biology of the arthropod cuticle
Parasite fauna of fishes and bloodsucking arthropods in the Tolvajärvi area
Insects : spiders and other terrestrial arthropods
An account of the Crustacea of Norway with short descriptions and figures of all the species. Vol. 9, Ostracoda
Effects of pesticide use and perennial grass strips on arthropod fauna in a northern field ecosystem
Bugs Britannica
The Greenland entomofauna : an identification manual of insects, spiders and their allies
Responses of invertebrates to human-caused disturbances in East African tropical rainforests : conservation implications
Towards a natural history of Arthropods and other organisms : in memoriam Konrad Thaler. 1
Livestock entomology
Water balance in land arthropods
Post-embryonic growth and fine-structural organization of arthropod photoreceptors : a study involving species of insects and crustaceans
Arthropod biology : contributions to morphology, ecology and systematics
Signalers and receivers : mechanisms and evolution of arthropod communication
Insects and spiders of the world. Vol. 11, Index
Effects of fenvalerate and permethrin on soil arthropods and on residues in and decomposition of barley straw
Impacts of habitat fragmentation on the community structure of moss-inhabiting fauna
The birder's bug book
The Arthropoda : habits, functional morphology, and evolution
Orientation and communication in arthropods
Revision of the family Alycidae (Acariformes, Acari), with special reference to European species
The fauna of India : Copepod parasites of marine fishes
Animal ecophysiology : cornerstone for soil ecosystem studies as exemplified by studies on arthropods
Why don't worms have legs? : helping to explain nature
Insects and spiders of the world. Vol. 2, Beetle - carpet beetle
Arthropod relationships
Insects and spiders of the world. Vol. 3, Carrion beetle - earwig
The occurrence of resistance to pesticides in arthropods : an index cases reported through 1989
Control of arthropods of medical and veterinary importance
Selection of foraging sites in mixed Willow and Crested Tit flocks: rank-dependent survival strategies
Ptyctimous mites (Acari: Oribatida) of South Africa
Insects and other arthropods of medical importance
Towards a natural history of Arthropods and other organisms : in memoriam Konrad Thaler. 2
Ash & Orihel's atlas of human parasitology
Summary: The number of Acarina per sq. m varied from approx. 44 700 to 289 800 and that of Collembola from 7800 to 52 000. The lowest densities were found in alpine heath in September...
Galling arthropods and their associates : ecology and evolution
The amazing world of insects : a photographic introduction
Spider families of the world
Insects and spiders of the world. Vol. 1, Africanized bee - bee fly
Insects and spiders of the world. Vol. 8, Scorpion fly - stinkbug
A creepy crawly story
Delivering arable biodiversity : Studley Castle, Warwickshire, UK, 23-25 January 2007
Arthropod natural enemies in arable land. 2, Survival, reproduction and enhancement
An account of the Crustacea of Norway with short descriptions and figures of all the species. Vol. 1, Amphipoda (Plates)
Epidemiology of Bartonella infections in dogs and moose : animals as sentinels for human disease
Creepy crawlies : ladybugs, lobsters & other amazing arthropods
Biodiversity of fossils in amber from the major world deposits
The arthropod community of Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris L.) canopies in Norway
Arthropods on oak branches in SW Finland, collected by a new trap type
Microarthropods and decomposition rate of dead epiphytic lichen Hypogymnia physodes
Insects and spiders of the world. Vol. 7, Owlet moth - scorpion
Postfire succession of soil arthropod groups in a subarctic birch forest
An account of the Crustacea of Norway with short descriptions and figures of all the species. Vol. 8, parts 1-6, Copepoda, Monstrilloida & Notodelphyoida
