http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14444 insect damage
insect damage
Forest pests and their management in Zambia
The pine bark bug, Aradus cinnamomeus (Heteroptera, Aradidae) and the height growth rate of young Scots pines
Optimal harvesting for Dahurian Larch plantations under risk of pest outbreak
Seasonal life history and economic importance of the major timber beetles of the Zambian Teak Forests
Bird population studies in the coniferous forest biome during a spruce budworm outbreak
Forest spraying and some effects of DDT
Changes in population dynamics of pine insects induced by air pollution
Development of a method for monitoring of insect induced forest defoliation - limitation of MODIS data in Fennoscandian forest landscapes
Assessment of potential for remote sensing detection of bark beetle-infested areas during green attack : a literature review
Tropical forest insect pests : ecology, impact, and management
The semiochemical system of Ips typographus : quantitative variation in production and release, and behavioural activity
Volatile-mediated plant-to-plant interactions and the effects of an ozone polluted environment
Preliminary testing of the resistance of Finnish softwood timbers to Macrotermitinae termites
Flight period and brood emergence in Trypodendron lineatum (Oliv.) (Col., Scolytidae) in the Nordic Countries
Insects that feed on trees and shrubs
Summary: Heavy damage to cloudberry by Galerucella "nymphaeae" was observed in 1974 in northern Finland...
We investigated if coarse-resolution satellite data from the MODIS sensor can be used for regional monitoring of insect disturbances in Fennoscandia. A damage detection method based on z-scores of seasonal maximums of the 2-band Enhanced Vegetation Index (EVI2) was developed. Time-series smoothing was applied and Receiver Operating Characteristics graphs were used for optimisation. The method was developed in fragmented and heavily managed forests in eastern Finland dominated by Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris L.) (pinaceae) and with defoliation of European pine sawfly (Neodiprion sertifer Geoffr.) (Hymenoptera: Diprionidae) and common pine sawfly (Diprion pini L.) (Hymenoptera: Diprionidae). The method was also applied to subalpine mountain birch (Betula pubescens ssp. Czerepanovii N.I. Orlova) forests in northern Sweden, infested by autumnal moth (Epirrita autumnata Borkhausen) and winter moth (Operophtera brumata L.). In Finland, detection accuracies were fairly low with 50% of the damaged stands detected, and a misclassification of healthy stands of 22%. In areas with long outbreak histories the method resulted in extensive misclassification. In northern Sweden accuracies were higher, with 75% of the damage detected and a misclassification of healthy samples of 19%. Our results indicate that MODIS data may fail to detect damage in fragmented forests, particularly when the damage history is long. Therefore, regional studies based on these data may underestimate defoliation. However, the method yielded accurate results in homogeneous forest ecosystems and when long-enough periods without damage could be identified. Furthermore, the method is likely to be useful for insect disturbance detection using future medium-resolution data, e.g. from Sentinel‑2..
Protection of world forests from insect pests : advances in research : papers presented at the XXI IUFRO World Congress 7-12 August 2000, Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia
Introduction to forest and shade tree insects
Development of a research strategy for mountain pine beetle issues associated with Forest Stewardship Division functions
Effects of climate change and simulated herbivory on growth responses and leaf characteristics of silver birch (Betula pendula) seedlings
Termites and their control in young eucalypt plantations
Tree maintenance
Leaf development and leaf pathogens on subarctic birches after a calamity of Oporinia autumnata (Bkh.) (Lep., Geometridae)
On the ecocatastrophe of birch forests caused by Oporinia autumnata (Bkh.) and the problem of reforestation
Empire of the beetle : how human folly and a tiny bug are killing North America's great forests
Flight periods of some birch timber insects
The economics of forest disturbances : wildfires, storms and invasive species
Green islands : top-down and bottom-up effects of wood ants in forests under folivore attack
Herbivory-related variation in the foliar chemistry of the mountain birch (Betula pubescens spp. czerepanovii)
Field and ground layer vegetation in birch forests after Oporinia damage
Modeling the effects of a mountain pine beetle outbreak and potential management responses in Alberta's eastern slopes
Abstract: In 1965-1966 the caterpillars of the geometrid Oporinia autumnata defoliated vast areas of birch forests in Finnish Lapland. The damage areas in Utsjoki, the northernmost district of Finland, were studied more thoroughly. About 1350 km² were defoliated and large areas of this will be changed into treeless "tundra"...
Abstract: In 1965-1966, caterpillars of Oporinia autumnata Bkh. (Lep., Geometridae) defoliated birch (Betula pubescens ssp. tortuosa) forests in eastern Itäkaira, NE Lapland. Damage occurred on fells, riversides, and both fresh and dry heaths...
Insects, experts, and the insecticide crisis : the quest for new pest management strategies
European bird cherry (Prunus padus Linneaus) : a biodiverse wild plant for horticulture
Storing beetle-killed logs under snow to reduce losses after mountain pine beetle attack
Insect pests and diseases in Indonesian forests : an assessment of major threats, research efforts and literature
Bibliography of the more important contributions to American economic entomolgy : parts I, II, and III. The more important writings of Benjamin Dann Walsh and Charles Valentine Riley
Biotic and abiotic forest damage in 2000.
Forest entomology : a global perspective
On the damage caused by the species of Galerucella (Col., Chrysomelidae) on cloudberry (Rubus chamaemorus L.) in Finland and northern Norway
Summary: Dependence of outbreak periods of Oporinia autumnata on low summer temperature was tested by using published data. The results corroborated the hypothesis. The frequency of damage also correlated negatively, but statistically not significantly, with mean summer temperatures during the outbreak period. The causality between summer temperature and outbreaks is discussed.
Natural disturbances such as insect outbreaks create boundaries that influence vegetation patterns and ecological processes.  To better understand the effects of natural edge creation on relatively intact forests and adjacent disturbed areas, we investigated forest structure on both sides of 30 year-old forest edges created by a spruce budworm (Choristoneura fumiferana Clemens) outbreak in the boreal forest of Cape Breton Highlands National Park, Canada.  Our objectives were: 1) to determine edge influence (compared to interior forest) and forest influence (compared to disturbed areas) on vegetation structure, and 2) to gain insight into the structural development of the edges.  Canopy cover, tree density, radial growth and deadwood were sampled in 5 m x 20 m plots along 120 m transects across six edges.  Randomization tests were used to estimate the magnitude and distance of edge and forest influence.  Narrow transition zones approximately 10 m wide characterized the spruce budworm-induced edges.  Edge influence did not extend into the forest; however, forest influence on structure was detected up to 40 m from the edge into the disturbed area.  We found evidence of the insect outbreak in the form of reduced radial growth during the disturbance across the entire disturbed area-forest gradient, which indicates that spruce budworm activity may not have ceased directly at the edge.  Tree mortality caused by the insect outbreak resulted in snags, many of which have transformed into logs since the outbreak collapsed.  Spruce budworm outbreak-induced forest edges are narrow but dynamic boundaries separating two distinct vegetation communities in the boreal landscape..
Emulating natural forest landscape disturbances : concepts and applications
Insect pests in tropical forestry
Birch forest damage caused by Oporinia autumnata (Bkh.) in 1965-66 in Utsjoki, N Finland
A preliminary study of insects attacking freshly cut logs of some exotic plantation tree species in Zambia
Insect pest damage, predicting and control in Finnish cereal cultivation during the 1980s
Birch forest damage caused by Oporinia autumnata Bkh. (Lep. Geometridae) in 1965-1966 in eastern Itäkaira, northeastern Lapland
A framework for documenting the effects of the Mountain pine beetle outbreak in sub-boreal forests of northern British Columbia (E.P. 1369): establishment report
Age-specific resistance in trees: defoliation of tamaracks (Larix laricina) by larch bud moth (Zeiraphera improbana) (Lep., Tortricidae)
Insects of eastern spruces, fir and hemlock
The ecology and evolution of the host plant relationships among willow-feeding sawflies
"The forests of West Africa are complex, beautiful and under continued threat of over exploitation. This monograph, in its second edition, remains the only comprehensive source of information on economically important forest insects in West Africa. Many pest insects discussed in this book have the potential to greatly alter the utilization of these valuable tropical forests. Several key pests such as mahogany shoot borer, odum gallfly and pests of endangered tree species like Pericopsis, are extensively discussed. This comprehensive treatise of insects includes information on the general forest cover types and insects of utilitarian value. The book will be a great value to foresters, forest entomologists, researchers, conservation biologists and others with a basic biological interest in West Africa forests"--P. [4] of cover.
Insects affecting reforestation : biology and damage
Blue sticky traps are more efficient for the monitoring of Lygus rugulipennis (Heteroptera, Miridae) than yellow sticky traps
The development of the field and ground layer vegetation in Oporinia damage areas of 1960's in Utsjoki was studied analyzing 6 fenced areas and corresponding control areas in 1970, 1973 and 1978...
Ecological effects of simulated acid rain in a subarctic area with low ambient sulphur deposition
Risk of bark beetle (Coleoptera, Scolytidae) damage in a spruce forest restoration area in central Finland
Control of termites in eucalypt plantations : testing protection methods and evaluating carbosulfan as an alternative of organochlorines
Biocontrol-based integrated management of oilseed rape pests
Outbreaks of Dineura virididorsata (Hymenoptera) and Eriocrania (Lepidoptera) on mountain birch in northernmost Norway
Factors affecting the forest decline : collection of publications from the Department of Environmental Conservation
Effects of industrial air pollution on pine insects
Australian termites and other common timber pests
Responses of Scots pine to nickel and copper exposure and herbivory
Changing climate : responses of birch (Betula pendula) to elevated atmospheric carbon dioxide and temperature : growth and insect resistance
Comparison of protection methods of pine stacks against Tomicus piniperda
Mountain pine beetle : a synthesis of the ecological cosequences of large-scale disturbances on sustainable forest management, with emphasis on biodiversity
Ecology of the pine bark bug, Aradus cinnamomeus (Heteroptera, Aradidae) : a forest entomological approach
Effects of nitrogen fertilization on forest trees in relation to insect resistance and to red-listed insect species
Insect borer risk in harvesting of miombo timber
Forest nursery pests
Towards ecological control of carrot psyllid (Trioza apicalis)
Relationship between Phytobia betulae and its host tree Betula sp
Genetic variation in resistance of silver birch to biotic and abiotic stress
Defoliation by the common pine sawfly (Diprion pini) and subsequent growth reduction in Scots pine : a retrospective approach
Further tests for termite resistance of Finnish pine heartwood
Summary.
Diseases and insects in forest nurseries : proceedings of the 5th Meeting of IUFRO Working Party S7.03.04, may 6-8, 2003, at Peechi, Kerala, India
Beetle-pathogen interactions in conifer forests
Pith flecks and ray abnormalities in birch wood
Integrated control of Scolytid bark beetles : proceedings of the IUFRO Working Party and XVII international congress of entomology symposium, "Integrated Control of Scolytid Bark Beetles" Vancouver, B.C., Canada, July 4, 1988.
Structural dynamics at boreal forest edges created by a spruce budworm outbreak
Population dynamics of forest insects
Summary: The defoliation process of tamaracks (Larix laricina) during an outbreak of the larch bud moth (Zeiraphera improbana) is described. The degree of defoliation correlated positively with the age, height and reproduction index of trees. The degree of defoliation did not correlate with the growth rate of tamaracks. On the basis of field observations alternative models to explain the age-specific resistance of trees to insect defoliators were developed and discussed.
Biotic and abiotic forest damage in 2001
Forest entomology in West Tropical Africa : forest insects of Ghana
A colour atlas of pests of ornamental trees, shrubs and flowers
Ecology and management of forest insects
Hylastes cunicularius : host orientation, impact of feeding in spruce plantations, and population sizes in relation to seedling mortality (Coleoptera: Scolytidae)
Compensatory photosynthesis as a response to foliage damage in birch (Betula L.)
The bark beetle Ips typographus (L.) on patches of dead or dying host trees : estimating the colonization success and the risk of consequential tree deaths
Leucaena psyllid : problems and management : proceedings of an international workshop held in Bogor, Indonesia January 16-21, 1989
Biological and integrated forest protection : proceedings of the international symposium : 3rd meeting of EPS/IOBC September 12-16, 1994 Sekocin, Poland
The performance of diprionid sawflies in relation to tree origin, defoliation and foliar chemistry
Insect pests in forests of the nordic countries 1967-1971
Insect attack on windthrown trees after the December 1975 storm in western Finland = Hyönteisten lisääntyminen tuulen kaatamissa puissa Länsi-Suomessa vuoden 1975 joulukuun myrskyn jälkeen
A survey of pest insects in forest plantations in Zambia
Forest health and protection
Developing Sitka spruce populations for resistance to the white pine weevil : summary of research and breeding program
Agricultural and forest entomology
Forest stewardship in the context of large-scale salvage operations : an interpretation paper
Dependence of Oporinia autumnata (Lep., Geometridae) outbreaks on summer temperature
Insect-fungus interactions
Diagnosing injury to eastern forest trees : a manual for identifying damage caused by air pollution, pathogens, insects, and abiotic stresses
Deciduous trees and conifers more commonly used for ornamental purposes throughout Canada with a section on insect pests
Insect & human welfare : an account of the more important relations of insects to the health of man, to agriculture, and to forestry
Proceedings of the Third International Grapevine Phylloxera Symposium : Fremantle, Australia, October 5-7 2005
A guide to common insects and diseases of forest trees in the northeastern United States
Aerial photographic techniques for estimating damage by insects in western forests
Diseases and pests as additional stress factors of Scots pine
Phytochemical induction by herbivores
On the life cycle, especially on the reproduction biology of Blastophagus piniperda L. (Col., Scolytidae)
Effect of nitrogen fertilization and insecticides on the population density of pine bark bug, Aradus cinnamomeus (Heteroptera, Aradidae)
Forest health and mortality of advance regeneration following canopy tree mortality caused by the mountain pine beetle
Plant-insect interactions on silver birch under a warming climate : a latitudinal translocation experiment
Eastern forest insects
Improvement of low level bark beetle damage estimates with adaptive cluster sampling
Insects of eastern larch, cedar and juniper
The effect of defoliation history on photosynthetic rates in mountain birch
