http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14442 breakfasts
breakfasts
Fresh ways with breakfasts and brunches
Everyday delicious : super tasty breakfasts, brunches, mains, desserts & snacks
Breakfasts & brunches for every occasion
The key issue in any organization operating in the service sector, hotels been part of them, is service quality. The extent to which the organization manages its service quality will go a long way to either make it successful or otherwise. Hotel guests are more enlightened nowadays, this is one of the effects of globalization on the hotel service sector worldwide. Guest demand for quality service, they have expectation on the kind of service the hotel should deliver especially when the hotel is of a known brand. Their perception after the visit will affect their future patronage.    Numerous researches into the paradigm (service quality) have been done by known scholars like Grönroos, Zeithaml just to mention a few. The author used existing conceptual framework on service quality gaps to guide the collection as well as the analysis of the primary data.     The author did his compulsory training at the Hilton Helsinki Airport hotel for four months and presently works with the hotel. The hotel been an upscale brand jealously guard its service quality which translate to the kind of service delivered to the Hotel guests. 81 questionnaires were applied during breakfast from as early as 5.30 till 10.00am between May 17 to May 21, 61 respondents returned the questionnaires while 20 did not return it. The results were analysed with the SPSS statistic software version 18.     Respondents were mostly returned business guests, while a handful were leisure guests. The findings show that most of the respondents were satisfied with the breakfast quality of service but two major gaps were noticed in the survey, the first gap is the customer expectation - management perception gap (gap 1), which needs more attention from management. The second was the difference between service quality specification and what is actually delivered (gap3). Tangibles and reliability in the dimension of service quality was also average.
Customer satisfaction : case: Hotel Kämp Breakfast Lounge
Modern buffets : blueprint for success
Food lover's guide to the world: experience the great global cuisines
Breakfast service quality in Restaurant Gui, Hilton Helsinki Airport hotel
Juiceman
Breakfast at the Wolseley
ValuSoft's mastercook CD to accompany on cooking : a textbook of culinary fundamentals
Breakfast consumption and its socio-demographic and lifestyle correlates in schoolchildren in 41 countries participating in the HBSC study
Fifth Avenue, 5 A.M. : Audrey Hepburn, Breakfast at Tiffany's, and the dawn of the modern woman
Breakfast : a history
Modern batch cookery
The Complete illustrated book of appetizers, buffets finger food & party food : how to plan the perfect celebration with over 400 inspiring first courses, nibbles, finger foods, buffet and party dishes
101 Breakfast & brunch recipes
The spirit of grand cuisine
Table chic
Hooray for bread
Bountiful breakfasts : morning menu magic from a Nantucket inn
The Waldorf-Astoria cookbook
Rainbow cuisine : a culinary journey through South Africa
Breakfast, lunch, tea : Rose bakery
Brain food : recipes for success in school, sports, and life
Breakfast & brunch : delicious recipes to start the day
Breakfasts : [more than 80 inspiring recipes]
Breakfasts & brunches : a Sunset cookbook
Epidemiologic studies on overweight and obesity in adolescents : the role of early-life risk factors, eating patterns and common genetic variants
Little mouse's big breakfast
The complete illustrated book of appetizers, buffets, finger food & party food : how to plan the perfect celebration with over 400 inspiring first courses, nibbles, finger foods, buffet and party dishes
Breakfast service quality in Restaurant Gui, Hilton Helsinki Airport hotel.
Five : 150 effortless ways to eat 5+ fruit and veg a day
The thread of thought that sews it all together : conceptual metaphors in Breakfast at Tiffany's & Aamiainen Tiffanylla
The art and science of culinary preparation : a culinarian's manual
