http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14489 regional social counselling
regional social counselling
Russian participatioin in Baltic Sea region-building : a case study of Kaliningrad
Growth and development in the Nordic regions : Nordic regional policy co-operation programme 1995-1999
Barents tourism : action plan (2nd edition)
Conclutions of the 4 th conference on Baltic sea states subregional co-operation : Vaasa, Finland. 17-18th October 1996.
Report of the FAO/FFA Regional Workshop to Promote the Full and Effective Implementation of Port State Measures to Combat Illegal, Unreported and Unregulated Fishing, Nadi, Fiji, 28 August-1 September 2006.
'Barents Euro-Arctic cooperation: administrators meet scientists' : sixth annual Seminar of the Arctic Graduate School, Arktis : 7-8th of April 2008, Rovaniemi, Finland : abstract book
Interdependence in the Asia Pacific
Security in the Barents Region : interpretations and implications of the Norwegian Barents initiative
Reproduction of labor potential in the Republic of Karelia (Russia)
Finnish urban regions
Arctic Environmental Cooperation. Study in Governmentality
Victim without a face
The Arctic : Canada and the Nordic countries : proceedings from the Third International Conference of the Nordic Association for Canadian Studies, University of Oslo 1990
Action plan for neighbouring area cooperation between Finland and Russia in 2001-2003
Making bridges, removing barriers : cross-border cooperation, regionalization and identity at the Finnish-Swedish border
Current developments in Arctic law : Volume 2
Regional action plan for conversion in the Baltic Sea Region
The borderless North : proceedings of the Fourth Northern Research Forum
Conversion handbook for the Baltic Sea Region
State of the Arctic strategies and policies : a summary
Promoting regional engagement of universities : experiences of A.S.A.P. work package 4
Spatial turns of manufacturing since 1970.
ILO convention no. 169 in a Nordic context with comparative analysis :   an interdisciplinary approach
This study analyses the socio-economic transformation of Finnish peripheral areas. Changes are scrutinised in the context of industrial restructuring in order to unravel the mechanisms that impact on rural transformation. A policy shift towards rationalisation of the primary sector commenced in the mid-1960s, and regional policy promoted rural industrialisation. In recent years depopulation combined with improving productivity in services has restricted the growth of public sector employment in the northern, north-eastern and eastern parts of the country. The analysis ends by scrutinising the impacts of the boom in the information and communication technology sector on the rural economic landscape at the turn of the millennium. Two geographically almost identical industrial development patterns are detected: the regional policy-based rural manufacturing boom of the 1970s and the reindustrialisation period at the turn of the millennium, led by the growth and spatial expansion of the information and telecommunication technology cluster.
East-to-West migration and labour market integration in the Baltic Sea region - history, current trends and potential
Catchment forest management in the East Usambara mountains
Geographical Extraction and the Finnish-Swedish Health Differential in Finland
In this article, the geographical transformation of the Finnish manufacturing sector since the 1970s is analysed. Changes in manufacturing employment by municipalities are used as central indicators of the transformation. The urban-rural shift, deindustralisation, and emergence of the new economy have all occurred during the last three decades.A trend surface analysis indicates that manufacturing employment increased all over the country in the 1970s. The growth was higher the more northern and eastern the municipality's location. This pattern was conformable to the goals of the Finnish regional policy of the 1970s. Deindustrialisation plagued the economy from the early 1980s to the mid-1990s, and its negative labour force impacts were focused especially on the southern mature industrial cities. The industrial policy of the 1980s was without much result. Finally, the crisis of the early 1990s ruined a considerable part of industrial performance everywhere in the country. The era of telecommunications-driven economic growth in the 1990s led to the geographical pattern of growing employment in few urban areas and some localities adjacent to cities. The long, vigorous growth period (up to the year 2001), comparable with the growth of the late 1960s and early 1970s, diffused to rural municipalities, but the geographical pattern of this boom was oriented more towards the west and south than in the 1970s.
Studies on the spatial concentration of human capital
Manpower in the tourist industry in Finland : knowing is future
New ways to respond to climate change in the Arctic
The map of Finland would look quite different if the forest industry had not had such an important role in the Finnish national economy and society. The production of pulp, paper, sawn timber, plywood and furniture concentrated people in dozens of mill towns and industrial centres. The harvesting and transportation of roundwood, in turn, dispersed people in hundreds of rural villages in different parts of the country. Together these localities formed the settlement systems of the forest sector, in which each of the localities had a certain economic and productive role. During the first half of twentieth century this settlement system expanded with increasing production, but during the second half of the century both lumberman-smallholder villages and mill communities faced serious difficulties. The restructuring processes within the forest sector decreased jobs in forestry and industrial production, although the production volumes continued to increase. Both the growth periods and restructuring periods have created spatial inequalities between localities and regions within the settlement system of the forest sector.
Developing local democracy : the state and challenges of Finnish local democracy in the postmodern era
Cold regions: pivot points, focal points : proceedings of the 24rd Polar Libraries Colloquy June 11-14, 2012, Boulder, Colorado, United States
Local environmental activities within and across borders : Union of the Baltic Cities Local Agenda 21 survey 1998
Today greater responsibilities are being put on regions to shape their own future. Thus, different kinds of regional collaboration arenas have emerged and an increasing number of regional collaboration projects are now crossing both county and nation borders. The object of interest in this study is the Bothnian Arc project. This project involves municipalities on the Swedish and the Finnish side of the Gulf of Bothnia. The aim has been to analyse opinions and experiences of Swedish actors regarding the Bothnian Arc as a region-strengthening project. The article is based on interviews with fourteen municipality representatives and a questionnaire answered by approximately 300 firm managers within the Bothnian Arc area.The Bothnian Arc is essentially a political project and this study shows that the policy creating institutions have not succeeded in transferring ideas and objectives to firms within the area. In fact, only 30 per cent of the firm managers were familiar with the project. More concrete projects adapted to firm interests were required by a few of the municipality representatives. Moreover, the municipalities closest to the Finnish border are more active and involved both on municipal and firm level. This tendency is primarily due to already existing traditions of collaboration with Finnish actors.
New challenges and global problems in the Arctic
Abstract: Cooperation, integration and transnational regionalization in the Northern Calotte Region.
Governance of protected areas in the Arctic
Joint pilot action under article 10 : Northern periphery programme
Oil extraction in extreme remoteness : the organization of work and long-distance commuting in Russia’s northern resource peripheries
Promoting client centered substance abuse care in St. Petersburg : "Return to society" -project
Rural tourism and sustainable business
'The site strikes back' : multi-level forest governance and participation in northern Finland
Murmansk and new possibilities in the Barents region
Recommendations for the prevention of interpersonal and domestic violence : recognise, protect and act : how to guide and lead local and regional activities in social and health care services
Myanmar in ASEAN : regional cooperation experience
Libraries @ Barents - communicative and active! : 19th Barents Library Conference
The Arctic in world affairs : a North Pacific dialogue on the future of the Arctic
Essays on current account imbalances
Development prospects of the central Mediterranean regions (Mezzogiorno-Greece)
Barents : the Barents Euro-Arctic Region
Summary (s. 3-4).
Regional development and regional policy: European Union and the Baltic Sea region
Charasteristics of urban regions and all-cause mortality in working-age population : effects of social environment and interactions with individual unemployment
Meždunarodnoe sotrudničestvo v Arktike : problemy bezopasnosti i razvitiâ = International cooperation in the Arctic : issues of security and development
Urban networking as a learning process in the Baltic Sea Region : case of Kotka
Inclusive cities : building local capacity for development
BEARing the European North : the northern dimension and alternative scenarios : a summary of the publication of the 1997 Calotte Academy
The vision that became reality : the regional Barents Cooperation 1993-2003
Recognise, protect and act : recommendations for the prevention of interpersonal and domestic violence : how to guide and lead local and regional activities in social and health care services
International cooperation and Arctic governance : regime effectiveness and northern region building
Cross-Border Cooperation and interaction between Southeast Finland and its Neighbouring Region of Leningrad Oblast' and St. Petersburg
Stakeholder dialogue and regional engagement in the context of higher education
Spatial divisions of labour : social structures and the geography of production
Arctic development and environmental challenges : information needs for decision-making and international co-operation
Summary (s. 9-11).
Interregional and cross-border cooperation in Europe : proceedings of the conference on interregional cooperation - regions in partnership, Brussels, 14 and 15 December 1992
The article examines the reproduction of labor potential in the Republic of Karelia. Particular attention in the research is given to the effects of the main types of social and labor mobility (territorial, educational, professional and medical). The article stems from theoretical explorations of this subject by Russian researchers and the results of an economic and sociological survey of the working-age population of the Karelia region. It was conducted with the participation of the author in 2012 in the three municipalities of the Republic of Karelia. The research surveyed 450 respondents. The survey and statistical analysis of demographic data helped to establish the information base, which allowed performing a quantitative and qualitative assessment of the reproduction of labor potential while evaluating the impact of social and labor mobility..
School, Culture and Well-Being ArctiChildren Research and Development Findings from Northern Finland, Sweden and Norway, and North-West Russia
Tearing down the curtain, opening the gates : Northern boundaries in change
The effectiveness of the Arctic Council
National security and international environmental cooperation in the Arctic - the case of the Northern Sea Route
From vision to functional relationships in the Barents Region
Arctic Europe : bringing together the EU arctic policy and Nordic cooperation
Stakeholder relations in the regional state administration : case Central Finland Regional Environment Centre
Psykiatrinen erikoissairaanhoito 2012 : Psykiatriska specialiserade sjukvården 2012 = Psychiatric specialist medical care 2012
Regional science-based clusters : a case study of three European concentrations
Labour migration and wages
Understanding Earth's polar challenges : International Polar Year 2007-2008 : summary
Previous research concerned with the Finnish-Swedish mortality differential in Finland tends to have overlooked the fact that many Finnish speakers who live in the same coastal area as the Swedish speakers originate from parts of the country with high death rates. Using an extract from Statistics Finlands longitudinal employment statistics ? le, we ? nd that geographical extraction is an important factor underlying variation in both mortality and disability retirement in working-aged people. Finnish speakers born in eastern and northern Finland have substantially poorer health than those originating from western Finland. It is consequently not suf? cient to restrict analyses only by present region of residence. Still, there remains a between-group health differential also in people born in the coastal area, which suggests that health behaviors and risk factors could be relevant.  .
Motivations of marine euroregional cooperation : the case of the Baltic Sea Region
The effects of R&D cooperation and labour mobility on innovation
The Arctic Council : its place in the future of Arctic governance
Evaluating local economic and employment development : how to assess what works among programmes and policies
Community economic development and social work
The Barents programme 1994.
Politics of development in the Barents region
Info bulletin
Arctic governance  in an evolving Arctic region : a proposal
Two gruesome murders have shocked the Swedish town of Helsingborg. The first victim, a thug who liked using his fists, died with his hands sawn off. His sidekick, a fan of steel-capped boots, was crushed to death feet-first. Both men were bullies in the same class at school. Is someone serving justice after thirty years? The killer leaves no trace behind. But for lead investigator Fabian Risk, the lack of forensic evidence is not the only problem. He too was a student in that class--which makes him both a potential victim and a potential suspect... Full of unremitting suspense and unexpected twists, Stefan Ahnhem's Victim Without a Face is a sensational thriller from a superb debut storyteller. -
Cross-border collaboration in the North. Viewpoints of municipal representatives and firm managers on the Bothnian Arc project
Art of the Arctic : eflections of the Unseen masks ; Ivories from the Bering Sea
Dynamics of job creation, restructuring and industrialisation in rural Finland
Reconstructing survival : evolving perspectives on Euro-Arctic politics
Report from ICARP-III planning meeting
Forest industry on the map of Finland
Assessing regional integration in Africa 2008 : towards monetary and financial integration in Africa
Cross-border Cooperation in Barents Tourism: Insights from Finnish Lapland
