http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1445 consumer guidance
consumer guidance
How to spend less without being miserable
Finnish consumer ombudsman's newsletter : current issues in consumer law
Food labelling : Nordic consumers' proposals for improvements : a pan-Nordic survey of consumer behaviour and attitudes towards food labelling
Educating the consumer : a practical guide
Current issues on consumer law : Finnish Consumer Ombudsman's newsletter
Executive summary (s. 9-17).
Summary (s. 8-15).
The consumer revolution : redressing the balance
The undercover economist : exposing why the rich are rich, the poor are poor - and why can never buy a decent used car!
Living rich for less money : create the lifestyle you want by giving, saving, and spending smart
Medicines information sources and services for consumers : a special focus on the Internet and people with depression
Summary: In close consultation: Advising the consumer on domestic financing and debt restructuring.
Legal aid and legal services in Finland
"Home economics emerged at the turn of the twentieth century as a movement to train women to be more efficient household managers. At the same moment, American families began to consume many more goods and services than they produced. To guide women in this transition, professional home economists had two major goals: to teach women to assume their new roles as modern consumers and to communicate homemakers' needs to manufacturers and political leaders. Carolyn M. Goldstein charts the development of the profession from its origins as an educational movement to its identity as a source of consumer expertise in the interwar period to its virtual disappearance by the 1970s. Working for both business and government, home economists walked a fine line between educating and representing consumers while they shaped cultural expectations about consumer goods as well as the goods themselves. Goldstein looks beyond 1970s feminist scholarship that dismissed home economics for its emphasis on domesticity to reveal the movement's complexities, including the extent of its public impact and debates about home economists' relationship to the commercial marketplace. "--Provided by publisher.
Summary (s. 13-14).
Summary and recommendations (s. 1-43).
"Separate Islands" : challenges of financial and debt counselors' work
Abstract (kuvailulehti): Consumer policy programme for the years 2007-2011.
Nordic-Baltic conference on consumer education in school : September 11-13, 2000, Riga, Latvia
Deregulation of life insurance markets in Finland and consumer decision making
The European Consumer Centres Network : ... annual report
Which?
Propaganda in the helping professions
Healthier food choices in supermarkets
Medicines information sources and services for consumers : a special focus on the internet and people with depression
Consumer law in the information society
Out-of-court dispute resolution : a description of the systems in the Nordic Countries and Spain
Money magic : seven simple steps to true financial freedom
Consumer reports
Marketing nutrition : soy, functional foods, biotechnology, and obesity
The good shopping guide
Agrarian ethics and the spirit of consumption : the road from household advising to consumer policy
Improving financial literacy : analysis of issues and policies
Personal money management
Consumer policy programme for the years 1997-1999
Consumer policy programme
Consumer debt in Europe : the Birmingham declaration
Social marketing : why should the Devil have all the best tunes?
A literature review on health information-seeking behaviour on the web : a health consumer and health professional perspective : insights in to health communication
Low-cost living : live better, spend less
Food, science and society : exploring the gap between expert advice and individual behaviour
The pharmacy and health promotion
Twelve essays on consumer law and policy
Environmental information in consumer decision making
Consumer protection act ; Municipal consumer counselling act ; Consumer Ombudsman act : translations of Finnish legislation
Kuluttajapoliittinen ohjelma vuosille 2008-2011 = Konsumentpolitiskt program för åren 2008-2011 = Consumer policy programme for the years 2008-2011
Consumer policy programme 2000-2003
Improving financial education and awareness on insurance and private pensions
Nutrition promotion : theories and methods, systems and settings
Abstract: Debt counselling and the problems in debt counselling work.
Marketing and consumer research in the public interest
Social responsibility in marketing
The green consumer guide : from shampoo to champagne : high-street shopping for a better environment
Creating consumers : home economists in twentieth-century America
Evaluation of health claims from a nutritional perspective
Commercial communications : report from a seminar in Stockholm, 26th of August 1996.
Involving customers in new service development
Animal free shopper
Strategies for effective customer education
Ordinary justice : legal services and the courts in England and Wales : a consumer view
Consumer policy programme for the years 2004-2007
Consumerism : search for the consumer interest
European Conference on Consumer Education in Schools, Stockholm 1993.
Consumer policy in the Baltic and Nordic countries : report from the Nordic-Baltic Consumer Conference in Pärnu, May 10-15, 1992
III European Conference on Consumer Access to Justice, Lisbon, 21-23 May 1992.
Consumer Protection Act, Municipal Consumer Counselling Act, Consumer Ombudsman Act, Market Court Act, Consumer Complaint Board Act
