http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14400 emergency road service
emergency road service
Offering development in the restaurant sector : a comparison between customer perceptions and management beliefs
Evaluation of the performance of network industries providing services of general economic interest : 2006 report
Literature review of ecosystem service virtual laboratories
Handbook of human factors in Web design
Marketing for hospitality and tourism
Handbook of hospitality marketing management
Social science libraries : : interdisciplinary collections, services, networks
Abstract.
The economics of urban transportation
Purchasing : selection and procurement for the hospitality industry
Global logistics : new directions in supply chain management
Co-learning service design within the PALI project
Contemporary logistics
Eagle strike : the graphic novel
Marketing : a complete guide
British rail : the nation's railway
The odyssey of the mobile internet : the emergence of a networking attribute in a multidiscplinary study
Research on the "cost of non-Europe". Basic findings. Volume 10, The benefits of completing the internal market for telecommunication : equipment : services : the Community
Supply chain integration : studies on linking customer responsiveness and operational efficiency in logistics policy planning
International marketing
Abstract:.
Multichannel multimarket media services : dynamic media business models, value chains and ecosystems
Just another day : the story of Habbo Hotel
Summary: Developing the procurement of expert services.
Marketing oppurtunities in Finland for telephone-based interpretation service in China
Intelligent road : road user survey report : insights from Finnish Lapland
Evaluation of the performance of network industries providing services of general interest : 2004 report : working paper
Third International Road Weather Conference : Tampere, Finland 24th February 1986.
Designing a multichannel map service concept
Capacity and level of service at Finnish unsignalized intersections
Revenue management for the hospitality industry
Interaction in multidisciplinary teams
Information and communication technologies in tourism 2008 : proceedings of the International Conference in Innsbruck, Austria, 2008
Economic analysis of travelling : studies on travel behaviour in Finland
Essentials of marketing
Quality of EIS support and maintenance services
The city and the railway in Europe
Highway meteorology
Finnra's strategy for traffic management
Supply chain management : the basics and beyond
Games as services : final report
Wayward pines. Season 1
Interprofessional issues in community and primary health care
The business of tourism
Evaluation of the performance of network industries providing services of general economic interest : 2005 report : working paper
Children, media and consumption : on the front edge
Innovation does not equal R&D : strategic innovation profiles and firm growth
Purchasing : selection and procurement for the hospitality industry. Study guide to accompany
Analysis of customer service for a rail construction service provider
Developing co-operation with transportation companies : case: Uponor Finland Oy
"Are we even talking about the same thing?" : creating shared understanding in interdiciplinary service design teams by measuring and visualising team mental models
"Effective user interactions are required for a Web site to accomplish its specific goals, which is necessary for an organization to receive a proper return on investment or other desired outcomes. Several handbooks exist that describe work in the fields of human factors and human-computer interaction, but they are not specific to Web design"--Provided by publisher.
Foundations of marketing
Beyond the browser : web 2.0 and librarianship
Managing the supply chain : a strategic perspective
"The Routledge Handbook of Disability Studies takes a multidisciplinary approach to disability and provides an authoritative and up-to-date overview of the main issues in the field around the world today. Adopting an international perspective and consisting entirely of newly commissioned chapters arranged thematically, it surveys the state of the discipline, examining emerging and cutting edge areas as well as core areas of contention. Divided in five sections, this comprehensive handbook covers: Different models and approaches to disability How key impairment groups have engaged with disability studies and the writings within the discipline Policy and legislation responses to disability studies and to disability activism Disability studies and its interaction with other disciplines, such as history, philosophy and science and technology studies Disability studies and different life experiences, examining how disability and disability studies intersects with ethnicity, sexuality, gender, childhood and ageing. Containing chapters from an international selection of leading scholars, this authoritative handbook is an invaluable reference for all academics, researchers and more advanced students in disability studies and associated disciplines such as sociology, health studies and social work"--Provided by publisher.
Transport systems are continuously evolving. A modern transport system needs to be sustainable socially, economically and environmentally. In recent decades, technological development, especially in information and communication technology, has affected today's transport systems. Three different cases are explored in this dissertation: intelligent transport systems in general, electromobility systems, and road weather and maintenance systems. Intelligent transport systems encompass a broad range of information and communication technologies that improve the safety, efficiency and performance of the transportation system. In addition to intelligent transport systems, electric vehicle systems have emerged because of increasing environmental concerns as well as oil depletion issues. Furthermore, the road weather and maintenance system is an interesting case especially in latitudes with severe weather. Despite vast amounts of recent research on the aforementioned topics, most previous studies have focused on the technical side, such as developing, prototyping and testing the technologies, whereas only a few studies have focused on the business aspects. Therefore, this dissertation aims to enrich the analysis of the emerging transportation sector under technological change from the business perspective and to provide new insights for future research. The purpose of this study is to explore the emerging transportation sector from several viewpoints by conducting empirical case studies. The cases covered are analysed through the perspectives of markets, business ecosystems and business models. The geographical scope of the research is mainly limited to Finland, especially its intelligent transport systems and road weather maintenance infrastructure. The global perspective is adopted in the case of electric vehicles. The nature of this research is qualitative, and inductive reasoning is applied. The research examines the characteristics of the market, business ecosystem, and business models that emerge transport systems under technological change. Furthermore, based on the findings of the case studies, a holistic framework model is developed to understand the technological system by integrating the viewpoints of markets, business ecosystems and business models
The handbook of logistics and distribution management
"This book is a comprehensive source of information for those interested in tourism and hospitality management, approaches, and trends, and, covers the emerging research topics that will define the future of IT and cultural development in the 21st century"--Provided by publisher.
Design on track : the tram service for enhancing the tourist experience in Helsinki
Value nets : breaking the supply chain to unlock hidden profits
Travelling with children in Finland with different means of transport
Handbook of hospitality operations and IT
Information and communication technologies in tourism 2014 : proceedings of the International Conference in Dublin, Ireland, January 21-24, 2014
Routledge handbook of disability studies
Service science : design for scaling and transformation
Curtailing usage of de-icing agents in winter maintenance : report prepared by an OECD Scientific Expert Group
Marketing for hospitality and tourism / Philip Kotler, James C. Makens, John T. Bowen
Major trauma in Northern Finland
Marketing management and strategy
Information and communication technologies in tourism 2013 : proceedings of the International Conference in Innsbruck, Austria, January 22-25, 2013
Railways, airports and sea container operators as publicly listed companies - financial performance and shareholder value creation perspective
CIM coursebook : delivering customer value through marketing
Services  : marketing, operations, and management
Advanced Ajax : architecture and best practices
Evaluation of the performance of network industries providing services of general economic interest : 2006 report : Commission staff working document SEC(2007) 1024
The Odyssey of the mobile internet : the emergence of a networking attribute in a multidisciplinary study
Route 66 remembered
Development, implementation and evaluation of an architecture for vehicle-to-vehicle and vehicle-to-infrastructure networking
What about cultural policy? : interdisciplinary perspectives on culture and politics
Rethinking visual art practice in relation to well-being : a conceptual analysis
Understanding health care supply network integration
Global hospitality and tourism management technologies
The management of business logistics : a supply chain perspective
Second Life : the official guide
Wayward Pines / Season 1.
Potential transport company selection in China
Exploring the transport system under technological change : market, business ecosystem and business model viewpoints
Developing cloud business models: A case study on cloud gaming
Rail transport services in Finland and Nigeria
