http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14491 service counselling
service counselling
Film and video production in the cloud : concepts, workflows and best practices
Social justice counseling : the next steps beyond multiculturalism
Principles of operations management
Counselling skills in social work practice
The Esri guide to GIS analysis. Vol. 3, Modeling suitability, movement, and interaction
Handbook of adolescent transition education for youth with disabilities
Supervising in the human services : the politics of practice
Learning to serve : promoting civil society through service learning
End user survey to improve ERP system support services
Abstract.
Monolith ERP and current IT-trends : Creating a step by step development model (SSDM) for existing monolith ERP system to adapt to the current IT-trends
Person-centred counselling in action
Pieces of the big picture : exploring employment of rehabilitees with European partners
Connecting knowledge and performance in public services : from knowing to doing
Effective leadership in adventure programming
Social work practice : problem solving and beyond
Product planning essentials
The practice of case management
The Western European economy : a geography of post-war development
Theories of performance : organizational and service improvement in the public domain
The reform to restructure municipalities and services in Finland : a research perspective : Evaluation Research Programme ARTTU studies No. 23
Managing market failure and preventing government failure : a study of policy solutions in finance, production and administration of Finnish health care
Health care resource management : present and future challenger
Career counseling of older adults
Financial services marketing
"The landscape of higher education has dramatically altered in the past 30 years as more students are attending universities and colleges than ever before. In such a competitive market, the quality of the student experience is pivotal to an institution's ability to attract students. However, the increasing costs of delivering HE teamed with a reduction in government funding means that creating a high standard of student experience has never been more challenging. The Student Experience 'Practitioner Model' discussed in this book recognises the need of staff at all levels who are developing and implementing initiatives to improve and enhance the student experience. It provides an organised and detailed structure that can be orchestrated in a cost effective and highly adaptable manner. It guides Practitioners in the identification of what they must deliver, who it is delivered to and when they need to deliver by working through the six key stages of the new student lifecycle: - First Contact and Admissions; - Pre-arrival; - Arrival and Orientation; - Induction to Study; - Reorientation and Reinduction (Returners Induction) - Outduction (preparation for life after undergraduate study). -- Provided by publisher.
Production and operations management
The performance of public services is now more closely scrutinised than ever before. Every teacher, doctor, social worker or probation officer knows that behind them stands a restless army of overseers, equipped with a panoply of league tables, star ratings, user opinion surveys, performance indicators and the like with which to judge them. This increased scrutiny and performance measurement has undoubtedly produced improved public services. Yet we still have a limited understanding about how this information can be best used to bring about improvements in performance. What goes on inside the 'black box' of public organisations to move from information to action, or from 'knowing' to 'doing'? This book tackles this important question by reviewing a wide range of performance mechanisms. It explores how information about performance can be translated into improvements in services and, conversely, why this does not always happen in practice.
Finnra's strategy for traffic management
Counselling in a nutshell
Quality : from customer needs to customer satisfaction
ERP solution for Novamass Ltd
Clinical supervision and quality care : examining the effects of team supervision in multi-professional teams
Mastering counselling skills
Improving the student experience : a practical guide for universities and colleges
ERP system implementation : SME producing KIBS : case Tutor Partners Ltd
Key concepts in operations management
This handbook is a collection of the subjects handled in Encounter Art group-guide training. In addition to Encounter Art group guides, the handbook is well suited to social-welfare, health-care and educational supervisors when they assess the applicability of Encounter Art to the operations of their own units. Encounter Art constitutes group-form visual-art activities that can offer support for myriad life situations. Encounter Art views the individual as a member of his or her community, and Encounter Art activities emphasize use of all the senses. Encounter Art work is phased in such a way that even inexperienced actors get to enjoy the aesthetic magic of making art and appreciative viewing of their works of art together with the peer group. Encounter Art is based on the Japanese Clinical Art system. Since 2006, Tohoku Fukushi University in Japan and Laurea University of Applied Sciences have cooperated on Encounter Art.
Collaborative planning of urban green infrastructure : need, quality, evaluation, and design
Operations management : producing goods and services
Internet-based breast cancer patient's pathway as an empowering patient educational tool
Inter-organizational cooperation with SAP solutions : design and management of supply networks
Technology as a part of care service production : concept design case for Wiktio
Leading the revolution in health care : advancing systems, igniting performance
Tripartition of knowledge in knowledge-intensive services
Order routing using the most efficient delivery site in oeder entry
Corporate governance
Future of business critical solutions in cloud based IT services
Information counseling service design for Finnish high school students' educational aspiration : a case study of SYK (Helsingin suomalainen yhteiskoulu) and UH (the University of Helsinki)
The non-nonsense guide to training in libraries
Payments for environmental services, forest conservation and climate change : livelihoods in the REDD?
Operations management : an integrated goods and services approach
Location strategies for retail and service firms
Rehabilitation counselling in physical and mental health
International operations management
Online counselling and guidance skills : a resource for trainees and practitioners
Innovative business opportunities for high-autonomous vehicles : a user-centric oriented approach within Volkswagen A.G
Case management : an introduction to concepts and skills
Encounter art : handbook for a group guide
Case management : a practical guide for education and practice
Abstract: Homecare in change : a 15-year follow-up study in the organisation, content and quality of homecare in the City of Kuopio.
Aiming for the best public service: Kelaʼs customer advisorsʼ perceptions on the Paste modeled customer service
How IT Department Supports the SAP Software Implementation in Hoang Anh Gia Lai Multi-sector Company
First steps in counselling
Supervision in the helping professions : an individual, group and organizational approach
Community interpreting in Sweden : a short presentation
Coordinating eldercare in the community : care management as a mode to implement welfare mix in Japan
Total Design. Managing the design process in the service sector
Guidance : educational and vocational guidance in Finland
TE ASM demands to configuration management database
Production and operations management : text and cases
Case management for nurses
Social work with older people : context, policy and practice
Towards leadership and management in guidance and counselling networks in Finland
Critical practice in social work
The product manager's field guide : practical tools, exercises, and resources for improved product management
Evaluation of an IT service agreement
