http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14414 serial music
serial music
Aspects of form, perception and performance in Stockhausen's Klavierstück V
Abstract.
Serial composition and atonality : an introduction to the music of Schoenberg, Berg and Webern
Source : music of the avant-garde, 1966-1973
Boulez on music today
Modern music : the avant garde since 1945
Materials and techniques of twentieth-century music
Serial music, serial aesthetics : compositional theory in post-war Europe
Serial composition and atonality : an introduction to the music of Schoenberg, Berg, and Webern
Over three decades, Paul Griffiths's survey has remained the definitive study of music since the Second World War; this fully revised and updated edition re-establishes Modern Music and After as the preeminent introduction to the music of our time. The disruptions of the war, and the struggles of the ensuing peace, were reflected in the music of the time: in Pierre Boulez's radical reformation of compositional technique and in John Cage's development of zen music; in Milton Babbitt's settling of the serial system and in Dmitry Shostakovich's unsettling symphonies; in Karl Stockhausen's development of electronic music and in Luigi Nono's pursuit of the universally human, in Iannis Xenakis's view of music as sounding mathematics and in Luciano Berio's consideration of it as language. The initiatives of these composers and their contemporaries opened prospects that haven't yet stopped unfolding. This constant expansion of musical thinking since 1945 has left us with no singular history of music; Griffiths's study accordingly follows several different paths, showing how and why they converge and diverge. This new edition of Modern Music and After discusses not only the music of the fifteen years that have passed since the previous edition, but also the recent explosion of scholarly interest in the latter half of the Twentieth Century. In particular, the third section of the book, 1980-1990, is expanded to incorporate the variety of responses to the modernist impasse experienced by composers of the time. In addition, a new fourth part, After Postmodernism: the 1990s and 2000s, examines highly influential composers like Philip Glass and Pierre Boulez as well as such topics as Modernist Continuation and Music and the Internet.
Narrating with twelve tones : Einojuhani Rautavaara's first serial period (ca. 1957-1965)
Serial music and serialism : a research and information guide
Erik Bergman and 1950's Finnish modernism
The Oxford history of western music. Volume 5, Music in the late twentieth century
Gagaku and serialism : a portrait of Matsudaira Yoritsune
Pictures at an exhibition
The Cambridge introduction to serialism
Modern music and after
Serial music : a classified bibliography of writings on twelve-tone and electronic music
Schoenberg's serial odyssey : the evolution of his twelve-tone method
