http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14406 action programmes
action programmes
Researching Africa : from individual efforts to structured programmes : the role of the Nordic Africa Institute
Creating policies for results : from chaos to clarity
Programme of work 1996
Draft programme and budget for 2010-11 and other financial questions : second item on the agenda : programme and budget proposals and other financial questions
Executive Summary (s. 7-10).
Finland and the United States of America : a hundred and one ways to develop transatlantic cooperation : Finland's United States Action Plan
Our shared environment 2020 : environmental programme for Uusimaa region
Saving nature for people : National Strategy for the Conservation and Sustainable Use of Biodiversity in Finland 2006-2016 : National Action Plan for the Conservation and Sustainable Use of Biodiversity in Finland 2006-2016
EMPLOYMENT/ADAPT : midterm evaluation : midterm evaluation of the EMPLOYMENT and ADAPT community iniatiatives in the programme period 1995-1999
Summary (s. 3-4).
E-business logistics, visions, innovations and research : Elo - E-Business Logistics technology programme 2002-2005
The European Union and the fight against drugs
Progress of INTERREG II C.
Cleantech Finland - improving the environment through business : Finland's national action plan to develop environmental business
Tourism and local agenda 21 : the role of local authorities in sustainable tourism
Progress in action : the EU programme for employment and social solidarity 2007-2013
The implementation of the National Action Plan for Biodiversity in Finland 1997-1999 : first progress report (summary)
Employment policies in the EU and in the member states : joint report 2000
Action plan for the Baltic 21 Forest Sector 2005-2008
Programme of work 1995
World Conference against Racism, Racial Discrimination, Xenophobia and Related Intolerance, [Durban, South Africa, 31 August - 7 September 2001] : declaration and programme of action
Global tuberculosis control : surveillance, planning, financing : WHO report 2005
Public services in the new millennium : programme of action to promote online governement, 2002-2003 : summary of a report by the Information Society Advisory Board, 31 December 2001.
The history of the International Energy Agency : the first twenty years, 1974-1994. Vol. 3, Principal documents
Conserving the underwater heritage
Abstract: NGOs and their roles in the programme documents of the national health promotion policy : Finland, Sweden, Denmark and England.
Action plan against illegal immigration 2012-2015
Finnish national roadmap for the implementation of the Environmental Technologies Action Plan for the European Union
Towards employment for all : combating racism and promoting the integration of migrants
Action plan for mediation : December 2011.
Compared with the manufacturing of advanced countries, the application of simulation technology in the China is still in its early stages, the specific performance of the application of simulation technology Chinese the polarization is obvious, the majority of small and medium-sized enterprises in the application level of simulation technology and large enterprises have a big gap. The enterprise lacks the talent echelon of simulation technology application. The application of simulation technology maturity of most enterprises is still relatively low, the lack of simulation process specification, material database, but simulation technology independent application in various disciplines; from application and product simulation technology design and test department, also can only be simulation technology as a means of verification. The potential of China simulation software market is huge, but also need long-term cultivation. Aonesoft Company should keep their leading position in industry, development rapidly without loss of stability, continue to strive for best partner of ANSYS Asia Pacific area. Therefore Aonesoft Company’s future will be thriving. The future of simulation software will be more intelligent and cross platform development. By strengthening the research and development of new simulation software and strengthen industry demand, through the pilot to promote the application of traditional simulation software upgrade. The environment and the industry structure of simulation software in the future will be more complete and solid also vivid.
The aim of this thesis is to provide the commissioner ZEF Ltd. with important points of considera-tion when entering the US market. The subject was agreed with the commissioner to support their business expansion abroad, and the desired results of this thesis will point out certain matters that may have gone unnoticed if it was not for this thesis. The purpose is to help ZEF have a suc-cessful market entry to the US. Mainly online sources were used for the theoretical background in order to ensure up-to-date information and practical approach. To support the knowledge provided by theory, a semi-structured interview covering all the four themes was conducted with Juho Risku, the co-founder and partner at Butterfly Ventures, due to his experience in operating a business in the US. The interview was used together with the theory to form a coherent knowledge base. The results show that ZEF needs to take into account each of the four themes introduced in this thesis. They should consider all the practicalities of establishing an office in a foreign country from entry strategies to market differences. After entering the country, the company needs to consider different ways of networking in order to establish relationships with business partners and cus-tomers. Also, ZEF needs to consider their marketing and sales operations, especially whether to use both inbound and outbound marketing, and whether their product is ready for the market or not. The final consideration is the arrangement of customer support, as customer support locating only in Finland is not going to be sufficient, and ZEF will face the need to recruit more employees in the US. This thesis was conducted when ZEF was not yet operating in the US. Therefore, as the situation and the company’s plans may change during their US operations, further research could be done on each of the four themes or the situation as a whole. For example, continuously changing mar-keting methods can bring new research ideas, and the arrangement of customer support will face challenges as the US customer base grows bigger.
Industrial relations and environmental protection in Europe : problem analysis : overview of various countries : outlook
Environmental programme 2005 for the Uusimaa region : brochure : information and prospects for the benefit of the environment and man
Why socio-economic inequalities increase? : facts and policy responses in Europe
Employment steps : final report of Steps multinational project 1995-1998
Adaptation to climate change in the administrative sector of the Ministry of the Environment : action plan update for 2011-2012
Volunteer : a traveller's guide to making a difference around the world
The implementation of the National Action Plan for Biodiversity in Finland 2002-2004 : third progress report
Employment policies in the EU and in the member states : joint report 1999
Towards environmental sustainability : report of the peer review of the city of Helsinki
Final report. volume 2, The challenge for development
Avartti as experienced by youth : a qualitative case study
Indicators for monitoring the millennium development goals : definitions, rationale, concepts and sources
Summary (s. 5-10).
LDCs : building capacities for mainstreaming gender in development strategies : preparatory workshop for UNLDC-III, 21-23 March 2001, Cape Town, South Africa
Information concerning the programme and budget for 2010-11 and other financial and administrative questions : second item on the agenda : programme and budget proposals and other financial questions
Employment steps
Strategy and action plan for promoting gender equality in Finland's policy for developing countries 2003-2007
National action plan on fundamental and human rights 2012-2013
Recommendations for the prevention of interpersonal and domestic violence : recognise, protect and act : how to guide and lead local and regional activities in social and health care services
Evaluation: meta-analysis of development cooperation on HIV/AIDS
School-based interventions for students with behavior problems
International organizations and implementation : enforcers, managers and authorities
Recognise, protect and act : recommendations for the prevention of interpersonal and domestic violence : how to guide and lead local and regional activities in social and health care services
Evaluation of the Finnish national biodiversity action plan 1997-2005
The director-general's programme and budget proposals for 2010-11 : third item on the agenda
Helcom Baltic Sea action plan
Finland's action plan for South East Asia
National action plan for biodiversity in Finland, 1997-2005
Government, evaluation and change
Finlands National Action Plan 2012-2016 : UN Security Council resolution 1325 (2000) "Women, peace and security"
The introduction of the pneumococcal conjugate vaccine into cameroon's expanded programme on immunisation : would every child be reached?
Comparison of strategies, methods and content in forestry education : An international comparative study
The Finnish society for patient safety : actions to promote patient and medication safety
Executive summary.
Final report. volume 4, EFAP - The Process
ILO programme implementation 2006-07 : report of the Director-General
Employment and human resources development across the European Union 1994-99 : the European Social Fund
Finland's national action plan for employment 1999 in accordance with the EU's employment guidelines, May 1999.
National Environmental Policy Programme 2005
Updating International Strategy in a Municipality : case: the City of Lahti
Don't hit the child! : national action plan to reduce corporal punishment of children 2010-2015
The world programme of action for youth to the year 2000 and beyond
Towards ethnic equality and diversity : Government Action Plan to combat ethnic discrimination and racism : adopted by the government plenary session on 22 March 2001.
Do we listen to earthworms? : tools for evaluating the Finnish Action Plan on the sustainable use of plant protection products
Update of Giga-Vamos : technology roadmap
Finland's Latin America and Caribbean Action Plan
The history of the International Energy Agency : the first thirty years, 1974-2004.. Vol. 4, Supplement to volumes 1, 2 & 3
Summary.
Design 2005! : Government decision-in-principle on finnish desing policy 15.6.2000
From guidelines to action : the national action plans for employment
The director-general's programme and budget proposals for 2012-13 : second item on the agenda
From care to action : making a sustainable world
EU research fighting the three major deadly diseases: HIV/AIDS, malaria and tuberculosis : 1st edition EU projects 2007-2010
Market entry to US : IT company ZEF Ltd
Programme of action to prevent, combat and eradicate the illicit trade in small arms and light weapons in all its aspects : adopted by the United Nations Conference on the Illicit Trade in Small Arms and Light Weapons in All Its Aspects, New York, 9-20 July 2001.
Business and E-commerce in Drupal
Finlands National Action Plan 2008-2011 : UN Security Council Resolution 1325 (2000) "Women, peace and security"
Losing ground : American social policy, 1950-1980
Science shops : knowledge for the community
The ILO in the service of social progress : a workers' education manual
Capacity-building supported by the United Nations : some evaluations and some lessons
Equal rights in practice : key voices 2004
Final report. volume 3, Issues and actions
Afterschool matters : creative programs that connect youth development and student achievement
Employment action plan Finland
Comparing business intelligence suites : SAP BusinessObjects and SAP Business Explorer
The Baltic Sea Joint Comprehensive Action Programme (JCP) : ten years of implementation
Compendium of ongoing interventions as of 31 December 1998
Applying theory to policy and practice : issues for critical reflection
Gateways as a process : creating value-adding gateway hubs and spokes
Future biorefinery programme report 2009-2011
Finnish society for patient safety - Actions to promote patient and medication safety
The European Union and the environment
Evaluation of the indoor air and environment program of the Finnish Institute of Occupational Health
Draft programme and budget for 2012-13 and other questions : second item on the agenda : programme and budget proposals and other questions
The power of schedule : programme management in the transformation of Finnish public service television
Operational Programme "Security for Development of Southern Italy"
Finland and Canada : northern partners : Finland's Canada Action Plan
Programme of work for ..
Developing a crisis communication scorecard : outcomes of an international research project 2008-2011 (Ref.)
The current situation and prospect of Aonesoft Company and the simulation software product
Palaako elävä metsä? : metsiensuojelun tavoitteita 2000-luvun Suomessa = A comprehensive conservation programme for Finland's forests in the 21st century
Employment policies in the EU and in the member states : joint report 2001
Employment policies in the EU and the member states : joint report 1998
Employment policies in the EU and the member states : joint report
Executive secrets : covert action and the presidency
E-business logistics, visions, innovations and research : ELO - E-Business Logistics Technology Programme 2002-2005
The Finnish architectural policy
Abstract (1 s.).
Finland's development policy programme : Government decision-in-principle 16 February 2012
The Baltic sea joint comprehensive environmental action programme
ILO programme implementation 2008-2009 : report of the Director-General
In the mirror of tradition : the freshwater policy (EMINWA) of the United Nations Environment Programme : an explorative study in semiotic-hermeneutic interpretation
The EU Forest Action Plan : 2007-2011
Toward integrated and sustainable development?
The implementation of the National Action Plan for Biodiversity in Finland 2000-2001 : second progress report (summary)
Providing a safe environment for our children and young people : Finland's national action plan for injury prevention among children and youth
