http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14462 self-regulation (adjustment)
self-regulation (adjustment)
Healing at the speed of sound : how what we hear transforms our brains and our lives
Distributed cognition and the will : individual volition and social context
Breakdown of will
University students' approaches to learning, self-regulation, and cognitive and attributional strategies : connections with well-being and academic-success
Self-processes, learning, and enabling human potential : dynamic new approaches
Do emotions help or hurt decision making? : a hedgefoxian perspective
Intrinsic and extrinsic motivation : the search for optimal motivation and performance
Motivation, a controversial issue in health care settings, is studied from several angles and perspectives in an attempt to find out the right levers to enhance it. However, as motivation is an internal state, direct observation or measurement is difficult. Therefore, research heads towards studying the factors that influence motivation. This paper joins numerous other studies by analyzing nurses' intrinsic motivation from the perspective of perceived autonomy, competence and relatedness.     This study uses Self-Determination Theory, which implies that workers are motivated intrinsically if they have a sense of control over their work environment, and opportunities to voice their opinions, if they feel competent in their work and challenged by it, and if they feel integrated and part of the team. Four nurses with different work experience backgrounds were interviewed about their understanding of autonomy and competence, and the factors contributing to the enhancement of these. The respondents were also asked to indicate what they perceive as supporting the development of autonomy and competence. In addition, the respondents were asked to comment on the relationship with their coworkers. The data gathered through the four theme interviews was analyzed using the qualitative content method.    The findings of this research reveal that nurses were in general satisfied with their level of autonomy. They felt competent as concerns their professional requirements and were positively challenged by their work. They stressed the importance of knowledge, experience, work environment and supervisory style in developing autonomy and competence. The respondents acknowledged the role of their colleagues in their work life and the impact that the relationship with coworkers has on their well-being.       The insights into the participants' views of autonomy, competence and relatedness prove the importance of these needs for the intrinsic work motivation of nurses. Hence, the management should focus on these issues in order to have motivated workforce.     Keywords: nurses' intrinsic motivation, autonomy, competence, relatedness, self-determination theory.
Self-regulation : brain, cognition, and development
The self and social relationships
The psychology of babies : how relationships support development from birth to two
Mikä osa yleisöllä? : viestintäoikeuden vuosikirja 2007 = Yearbook of communication law 2007 = Jahrbuch für Kommunikationsrecht 2007.
Handbook of motivation and cognition : foundations of social behavior. Vol. 2
Ninth grade students generating interest in physics and chemistry : an interpretive study of students' discourse in a science class
Handbook of educational psychology
Psychology of physical activity and exercise
Self-regulation interventions and strategies : keeping the body, mind and emotions on task in children with autism, ADHD or sensory disrorders
Twilight on self-regulation : a sovio-legal evaluation of conservation and sustainable use of agrobiodiversity by industry self-regulation
Self-regulated learning and academic achievement : theoretical perspectives
Mother-child interaction in toddlerhood and 5-year ADHD symptoms
Developing emotional intelligence in the primary school
Effortless attention : a new perspective in the cognitive science of attention and action
Habits of mind and academic endeavors : the correlates and consequences of achievement goal orientations
Lex Mercatoria and harmonization of contract law in the EU
Self-preservation in simultaneous interpreting : surviving the role
Socially shared regulation of motivation and emotions in collaborative learning
Modeling of professional growth and learning : Bayesian approach
"How does your engine run?" : a leader's guide to The Alert Program for self-regulation
Self-regulation in early childhood : nature and nurture
Interpersonal Regulation of Learning and Motivation is the first book in the field to focus on major methodological advances in research on interpersonal regulation and motivation in learning. Interest in developing ways of capturing the dynamics of interpersonal regulation of learning and motivation in real-life activities is growing rapidly. Understanding the dynamics of learning and motivation in groups is particularly timely given the increased use of collaborative learning activities in schools and university settings, as well as through face-to-face and computer supported collaborative learning (CSCL) environments. While groups and collections of individuals in social interaction are expected to bring their own motivations and goals to the learning situations, it is also assumed that these are further shaped through interaction, as the group activity evolves. Research methodology publications in the field of learning, regulation and motivation are still dominated by a focus on the individual. The study of collaborative learning at both conceptual and methodological level has not incorporated the significance of social regulatory processes of learning and motivation. This is a new development in the field and one covered by this book. Areas covered include: - Meta-cognition and collaborative learning - Self and co-regulation - Teacher-Student interaction - Interpersonal learning and achievement - Motivation, identity and learning Interpersonal Regulation of Learning and Motivation brings together the work of scholars who have been studying interpersonal regulation of learning and motivation at the boundaries of the individual and the social, and who have made original methodological contributions to the study of interactive learning environments"-- Provided by publisher.
Self-reg : how to help your child (and you) break the stress cycle and successfully engage with life
University student's approaches to learning, self-regulation, and cognitive and attributional strategies : connections with well-being and academic success
Making global self-regulation effective in developing countries
University students' regulation of learning and text processing : examples from medical and teacher education
Summary
Music as mood regulation in adolescence
Designing new learning experiences? : exploring corporate e-learners' self-regulated learning
Self-regulation and early school success
Consciousness, emotional self-regulation, and the brain
Kindergarten, sloyd and classroom teacher trainees' self-directed learning, metacognitive regulation and web-based support
Understanding behaviour and development in early childhood : a guide to theory and practice
Commonsense methods for children with special educational needs
Handbook of self-regulation of learning and performance
Changing emotions
APA handbook of personality and social psychology. Vol. 1, Attitudes and social cognition
Brave parenting : a Buddhist-inspired guide to raising emotionally resilient children
Nurses' intrinsic motivation to work : a study on autonomy, competence and relatedness
Associations between Toddler-age Communication and Kindergarten-age Self-regulatory Skills
Own pace, own space, own face, human, and tool support
Guilt, shame, emotion regulation, and social cognition : understanding their associations with preadolescents' social behavior
Functional finishes for textiles : improving comfort, performance and protection
An introduction to "How does your engine run?" : the Alert Program for self-regulation
Perspectives on motivation
Self-control, social cognitions, and automatic social images : insights into determinants of healthy lifestyle among young men in military service
Social structures, aging, and self-regulation in the elderly
Persons in context : building a science of the individual
Is a majority enough? : psychological well-being and its relation to academic and prosocial motivation, self-regulation and achievement at school
The Oxford handbook of neuroethics
Incest aversion : the evolutionary roots of individual regulation
Assessing motivation and the use of learning strategies by secondary school students in three international schools
Assessment of higher order thinking skills
Handbook of personality and self-regulation
Picturing the public : advertising self-regulation in Sweden and the UK
Achievement goals and cognitive learning strategies in dynamic contexts of learning
Self-regulation of learning and performance : issues and educational applications
Utilising student profiles in mathematics course arrangements
On the theory of life balance : the relation to subjective well-being and the role of self-regulation
Sensory integration and self-regulation in infants and toddlers : helping very young children interact with their environment
Tourism impacts, planning and management
Metacognition in young primary school children : a developmental approach
Childhood self-regulation, academic achievement, and occupational attainment
The Development of self-regulation through private speech
The problem with banks
Offers a new framework for understanding and raising children based on self-regulation -- the process by which a child (or indeed a parent) can get 'in the zone' -- a receptive state of calm alertness that allows you to approach any task in a state of balance. Learning the art of self-regulation can help children learn to deal with experiences, overcome frustration, learn to pay better attention, control impulses, engage better with others and learn about the world. Hundreds of thousands of children who have gone through the programme have shown significant improvement in literacy, numeracy and behaviour. Now, his groundbreaking research is being published for the first time in this timely and practical guide for parents.
Child development at the intersection of emotion and cognition
Good and bad in information retrieval - ethics in information literacy education : case The Tritonia Academic Library, Vaasa
Interpersonal regulation of learning and motivation : methodological advances
The principles and practice of teacher-conducted assessment in preschool and primary school
Biopsychosocial regulatory processes in the development of childhood behavioral problems
Self-regulation in health behavior
Exploring project-based learning in higher education : the interplay between teacher regulation and student self-regulation of learning
