http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1442 consumer research
consumer research
Adolescent consumers : reaching them, border crossings and pedagogical challenges
The household decision making process in replacement of durable goods
Critical review of consumer satisfaction research
Branding @ the digital age
Online panel research : a data quality perspective
Strategic Marketing Proposal Plan For A Cosmetics Company : BB Cream of Maybelline New York Vietnam
Consumer evolution : nine effective strategies for driving business growth
Mitron Oy's audience meter unit and the influence of digital television on audience measurement
The Shop-in-Shop concept : Case study Kari Aukia Oy
Hospitality consumer lifestyles
Consumer conditions scoreboard : consumers at home in the single market
CONSUMER ATTITUDES AND BEHAVIOR WHEN SELECTING A HOLIDAY DESTINATION  : Introducing Kurdistan to the Finnish traveler
Mental models : aligning design strategy with human behavior
Consumer research : postcards from the edge
Attributes Customers Look for When Choosing Online Stores
Consumer behavior
Consumer behaviour of credit card users-case: Bank of China
Solomon goes beyond the discussion of why people buy things and explores how products, services, and consumption activities contribute to shape people’s social experiences.
Journal of Consumer Culture
Background Research for the "Travel Destination of Tomorrow" -Specialization Program
E-commerce strategies of group buying websites : case study: Groupon Inc.
Themes in family and consumer sciences : a book of readings 2001.. Volume 2
Food, science and society : exploring the gap between expert advice and individual behaviour
Consumer behavior. 1, Research and influences. Vol. 2, Consumer decision-making
Learn for life, consumers and society in dialogue : a conference report
A cognitive and pragmatic account of innovation: domesticating the probiotic Gefilus in Finland
PROBLEMS FACED BY A NEW DESTINATION WHEN TRYING TO ESTABLISH POSITION WITHIN TOURISM MARKETS  : Case: Destination Uganda
Tiivistelmä:Aloittelevan maahantuontiyrityksen verkostosuhteiden kehittäminen. Case: Brunswick Marine in Finland and the Baltic States OY.
Finnish Consumer Attitudes Concerning Organic Foods
Customer satisfaction research : Taitopuoti Paperinauha
Sustainable Marketing  : The Importance of Being a Sustainable Business
The laws of choice : predicting customer behavior
Consumer demand in a developing country with special regard to food : the case of India
The Chinese consumer : a segmentational approach
Consumer packaging in Poland, Czech Republic and in Moscow area
Consumer behavior : research and influences. Vol. 1, 2, Consumer decision-making
The history of marketing thought
Consumer survey
Brand culture
The marketing book
Consumer behavior : research and influences. Vol. 1, 1, Consumer behavior as a field of study
Marketing : a critical introduction
This book is a comprehensive guide to design and conduct the research in management-related field, such as marketing management and human resources management. It provides an overview of the real research conducted by authors throughout their careers and explains the important and growing research design used in management research-mixed method research design. Video tutorials are also included for complete qualitative data collection and data analysis. These videos are included to help readers understand the research and apply the techniques using the recommended software programs. Mixed Method Research Design: An Application in Consumer-Brand Relationships (CBR) begins with an introduction, providing background on the study including related literature in the areas of consumer-brand relationships, which helps the book to show how research questions and research objectives can be developed for the mixed method study. This is followed by a detailed explanation of the methodology, which establishes the ground rule for the study. Finally it takes look at the analysis and results of mixed method research study. Additionally the book examines the procedures of mixing of qualitative and quantitative paradigms in research both in terms of hypothesis development and testing. It helps readers understand how to design their research studies using mixed method design. It also demonstrates managerial implications, to help understand how mixed research design could be used to show contribution to the theory and practice.
Consumer behaviour : applications in marketing
The smarter screen : what your business can learn from the way consumers think online
Consumer moral leadership
The image of Switzerland as travel destination
The Chinese Consumer Behaviour and Marketing Research Based on Volkswagen, China
Spent : sex, evolution, and consumer behavior
The unmanageable consumer
Business Tourists' Opinions of Radisson Blu Royal Hotel Vaasa as a Business Hotel
Consumer attitudes towards buying organic food
Market research for a russian speaking radio : Case: Radio Satellite Oy
Understanding consumer purchase and selection of organic foods : case: K-citymarket Oy Lahti Paavola
Consumer trust in e-commerce : a feminist ethnographic study
Thai consumers attitudes towards processed fruit juices
Role of the price in functional food products : a qualative approach
Consumer behaviour : a European outlook
Handbook of qualitative research methods in marketing
HOW TO SUCCEED IN SHANGHAI, CHINA : Case company: Marimekko Oy
Shopping with Freud
ASSESSING THE FACTORS INFLUENCING CONSUMER SWITCH FROM LOCAL TO IMPORTED PRODUCTS : A case study of Kasapreko Company Limited-Ghana
Consumer attitudes towards genetically modified foods : the modelling of preference changes
A colorful world under the nose : designing for olfactory brand experience
Doing Anthropology in Consumer Research is the essential new guide to the theory and practice of conducting ethnographic research in corporate consumer environments. Patricia Sunderland and Rita Denny argue that, while the recent explosion in the use of 'ethnography' in the corporate world has provided unprecedented opportunities for anthropologists and other qualitative researchers, this popularization has also too often divorced ethnography from its foundations, resulting in distortions in its use as a method of research as well as the concept of culture. In response, they reframe the field by re-attaching ethnography to theoretically robust and methodologically rigorous cultural analysis.The engrossing text draws on decades of the authors' own eclectic research - from coffee in Bangkok and advertising in New Zealand to technology and boredom in the United States - using methodologies from focus groups and in situ interviews to semiotics and visual ethnography. Four provocative forewords by leaders in anthropology and consumer research further push the boundaries of the field and challenge the boundaries of academic and applied work. In addition to reorienting the field for academics and practitioners, this book is an ideal text for students, who are increasingly likely to both study and work in corporate environments.
Consumer behaviour in tourism
Satisfaction : a behavioral perspective on the consumer
Journal of consumer culture
Representing consumers : voices, views and visions
Product meaning, affective use evaluation, and transfer : a preliminary study
The development of distribution network  relationship in a start-up company : case: Brunswick Marine in Finland and the Baltic States OY
Consumer Behaviour
Using provocative case-studies and engaging reader exercises, Benartzi shows how businesses can update their nudges to help consumers make better decisions on screens. Up-to-the-minute research will help optimise your business's online presence, from designing a webshop that helps your customers find what they are looking for, to laying out your website so that it both attracts and holds attention.
Interpretive consumer research : paradigms, methodologies & applications
Happy time : three papers on international and national trends in leisure time
Social Commerce : the underlying trend of social commerce
A search for interpretation and understanding : consumer studies in design research
The changing realities of Chinese consumer behavior
Human factors of a pleasure boutique : developing a qualitative user research approach for a taboo subject
Paper bag collection
Consumer behavior and marketing strategy
Research in consumer behavior
Marketing theory
Mixed method research design : an application in consumer-brand relationships (CBR)
A cognitive and pragmatic account of innovation : domesticating the probiotic Gefilus in Finland
The why of consumption : contemporary perspectives on consumer motives, goals, and desires
"Foundations of Family and Consumer Sciences: Careers Serving Individuals, Families and Communities introduces the history of the profession and career opportunities. For each area, career opportunities are explored and trends are surveyed. Career planning strategies are described. Professional profiles and case studies give students an insight into the profession"--Provided by publisher.
What do brands mean to us? : a short introduction to brand research within consumer culture theory
Consumer behavior : the meaning of consumption. Vol. 2, 6, (Sub)cultures of consumption
What do brands mean to us? : A short introduction to brand research within Consumer Culture Theory
Consumer behaviour : a practical guide
Good bad consumption - paradigm development of consumer research in Finland
Consumer behavior I : research and influences
Consumer involvement : concepts and research
Handset-based analysis of mobile service usage
Improvement of package recycling through green communication in fast food segment
Information and communication technologies in tourism 2014 : proceedings of the International Conference in Dublin, Ireland, January 21-24, 2014
A market analysis of single-house renovation services in Finland : a customer-oriented service and business development
Handbook of consumer behavior
Hair and hair care
DEVELOPING FINNISH CONFECTIONERY IN CHINA THROUGH THE LUXURY STRATEGY  : Case: Fazer Group (Chocolate)
Consumerism, consumer behavior and customer profiling in the wedding industry : a case study, Häät 2008 -the wedding exhibition, Turku
The importance of customer satisfaction in the survival of Corner Stores
Consumer behavior : the meaning of consumption. Vol. 2, 4, Advertising and consumption
A CUSTOMER SATISFACTION RESEARCH OF B2C ONLINE PURCHASING SERVICES IN CHINA -Case Company JD.COM
Creativity and data marketing : a practical guide to data innovation
Consumer behavior : an analytical study of the Saudi family's purchase decisions
Marketing and consumer research in the public interest
Journal of consumer research
Consumer psychology in behavioural perspective
Emotional decisions : tradeoff difficulty and coping in consumer choice
Careers in focus : family and consumer sciences
The purpose of this thesis work was to research the possibilities to launch and sell a new bag product. The bag product must fulfill the demands of the ongoing megatrends in the world. The significant megatrends regarding the new bag product are climate change, sustainability, resource scarcity and demographic change.     A customer survey was made to research customers' behavior of using different kinds of bags while running errands. The customers' general opinion of different kinds of bags and their good properties was researched in the survey.  The price that the customers' are willing to pay for different kinds of bags was also researched.     From the results of the survey, it was found out that plastic bags are used a great deal and in many cases every time when running errands, even though the opinion of the respondent about a plastic bag would not be very positive. Whereas none of the participants of the survey claimed to use a paper bag every time when running errands. Paper bag seem to have a reputation to be weak, not to withstand rain and to be inconvenient to transport. It was also found out from the survey that people are willing to pay the same amount for a plastic bag as for a paper bag. That amount is more than the price of a plastic bag and less than a paper bag. The respondents were willing to pay more for a luxury bag product.      The thesis work contains confidential material, which has been removed from the public version of the thesis work. Key words: customer research, demographic change, megatrends, paper bag, sustainability.
Marketing briefs : a revision and study guide
Consumer behavior : buying, having and being
Foundations of family and consumer sciences : careers serving individuals, families, and communities
Business analytics for sales and marketing managers : how to compete in the information age
Consumer behavior : a framework
A social history of museums : what the visitors thought
Quantitative surveys vs. behavioural analysis studying audiences case : Espoo Ciné International Film Festival 2010
Consumer behavior : the meaning of consumption. Vol. 2, 5, Possessions, brands and the self
Marketing Research on Smoke Alarms in the Vietnamese Consumer Market
Users of new technology : a discourse analysis of a new technology user
Brandchild : insights into the minds of today's global kids and their relationship with brands
Consistency in tastes : a study of the consistency in consumers' aesthetic judgments across product categories
Sociologiâ potrebleniâ = Sociology of consumption
Examinig Russia's business enviroment for a publishing company
The conditions and value of consumer research : experiences from Nordic cooperation work
Should customer voice be heard? : The acquisition and significance of customer information in new sports product development
Advertising theory
Young Adults’ Environmental Knowledge, Attitudes and Travelling Behavior
Family and consumer sciences research journal
Insights into consumers' emerging interest in mobile services
Quality of personal assistance : shaped by governments, markets and corporations
Consumer research : introspective essays on the study of consumption
European advances in consumer research. Vol. 7, EACR 2005, Göteborg
Consumer boycotts : effecting change through the marketplace and the media
A social and economic theory of consumption
Essentials of marketing
Consumer behavior : buying, having, and being
Young Russian Men as Cosmetics Consumers
Is "co-operative" a valuable element in market communication? : an empirical study of consumer perceptions
Doing anthropology in consumer research
Consumers, policy and the environment : a tribute to Folke Ölander
The marketing research on potential outbound tourists in Shanghai to travel in the Kuopio region
