http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14410 young offenders
young offenders
Falling back : incarceration and transitions to adulthood among urban youth
Juvenile delinquency : concepts and control
Serial murder and the psychology of violent crimes
Stadi-boys, crime and child protection : five case studies from six decades.
Growth to freedom : the psychosocial treatment of deliquent youth
John the Painter : terrorist of the American revolution
Artemis Fowl and the time paradox
The female offender : girls, women, and crime
Adolescent homicides in Finland : offence and offender characteristics
Eoin Colfer's Artemis Fowl : The eternity code : [the graphic novel]
Juvenile justice : theory and practice
The criminology of criminal law
Theories of delinquency : an examination of explanations of delinquent behavior
Abstract: Young crime : prevalence, predictors, correlates and restorative justice.
Handbook on crime and delinquency prevention
Juvenile delinquency in Norway : three papers on: Sanctions, Alternatives, Age of Criminal Responsibility and Crime Trends
Drawing on Australian and International research, this collection of essays critiques the existing evidence base about the causes and prevention of youth offending in Australia, and the ways forward for policy making and service delivery.
Youth offending in transition : the search for social recognition
Abstract: Stadi-boys, crime and child protection : five case studies from six decades.
The dream shattered : Vietnamese gangs in America
The girls in the gang
Juvenile delinquency and business security : special problems of crime prevention
Fighting to be free
Children's rights and the minimum age of criminal responsibility : a global perspective
When children kill : a social-psychological study of youth homicide
Artemis Fowl and the Arctic Incident
Conclusions (s. 18).
Evidence based policy and practice in youth justice
Between mainstream and margin : living in a borderspace
Youth & crime
The juvenile justice system in Finland
The sentencing of children : profesional work and perspectives
Girls, delinquency, and juvenile justice
Crime situation and permanence of criminality among young property offenders
Association between drinking and victimisation  among Finnish adolescents : estimating the  extent of the spurious effect
Recriminalizing delinquency : violence juvenile crime and juvenile justice reform
Social problem solving and offending : evidence, evaluation and evolution
Key issues in criminal career research : new analyses of the Cambridge study in delinquent development
The RHP Companion to youth justice
Youth justice : ideas, policy, practice
Welfare, power, and juvenile justice : the social control of delinquent youth
Young adult offenders : lost in transition?
The handling of juvenile delinquency cases
Artemis Fowl and the Lost Colony
Encyclopedia of social welfare : modern perspective on social work
Daughters of penitence : Vuorela State Reform School and the construction of reformatory identity, 1893-1923
Short-term methods of treatment for young offenders : report on short-term methods of treatment for young offenders
Official responses to problem juveniles : some international reflections
Justice for the child : the juvenile court in transition
The social world of imprisoned girls : a comparative study of institutions for juvenile delinquents
Sexual offenses and offenders : theory, practice and policy
The diversity of social pedagogy in Europe
Juvenile delinquency and crime prevention
Juvenile delinquency in Sweden : an overview
Childhood : critical concepts in sociology. Volume 2
The autobiographical papers of Jani, the butcher's son
Kick-ass 2
Breaking rules : the social and situational dynamics of young people's urban crime
Childhood : critical concepts in sociology. Volume 3
By focusing on one particular re-education institution, this book offers a multifaceted analysis of practices of diagnosis and curing what was defined as «delinquency, criminality or disorderly behaviour at the turn of the twentieth century. The study provides an important corrective to the existing accounts of re-education by proposing an approach in which institutional practices are analysed both from above and from below. The book draws attention to the process of reforming identities - the construction of reformatory identities - as the core of residential re-education. Special emphasis is placed on the interplay of notions of gender and social background. The book is based on extensive archival research drawing from a wide range of new and neglected sources. The primary material includes a unique collection of documents produced by the girls of the Vuorela State Reform School in Finland. Narrative analysis of correspondence, and careful scrutiny of the official sources created for re-educational purposes, form a basis for the investigation of the interaction between pupils' own self-expression and the aims of re-education in the construction of reformed identities. The practices developed in Finland are carefully contextualised in the European history of re-education.
Artemis Fowl and the Opal Deception
The girls in the gang : a report from New York City
Victims of change : juvenile delinquents in American society
Detention in Greenland : night-time correctional institutions, probation and hostels for juvenile offenders as seen by inmates and staff
Delinquency and justice : a psychosocial approach
Group counseling with juvenile delinquents : the limit and lead approach
Effective practice in youth justice
Sub city : young people, homelessness and crime
Tomorrow's criminals : the development of child delinquency and effective interventions
Forensic and criminal psychology
Children and young people in conflict with the law
Handbook of children, culture, and violence
Delinquent networks
The Bling Ring : how a gang of fame-obsessed teens ripped off Hollywood and schocked the world
Restorative justice in context : international practice and directions
Juvenile delinquency, prevention, assessment and intervention
Integrated developmental & life-course theories of offending
[During the past five years, several books that discuss youth justice have been published]
Delinquency and drift
Understanding youth and crime : listening to youth?
Kick-ass 2 Prelude : Hit-Girl
School and delinquency in a contextual perspective
Youth justice in practice : making a difference
Creature of the night
Faith, ideology and fear : Muslim identities within and beyond prisons
The United Nations and juvenile justice : a guide to international standards and best practice
Artemis Fowl and the lost colony
Young offenders : sexual abuse and treatment
Crime, violence and minority youths
Understanding youth crime : an Australian study
Young offenders in the criminal system in Finland and England
Art therapy and anger
The Eurogang paradox : street gangs and youth groups in the U.S. and Europe
Girls, women and crime : selected readings
Learning from violence : the youth dimension : contributions to the researchers' seminar, Budapest, October 2002 = Apprendre de la violence : dimension jeunesse : contributions au séminaire de chercheurs, Budapest , octobre 2002
Comparative youth justice : critical issues
Social learning theory and the explanation of crime : a guide for the new century
Artemis Fowl and the Eternity Code
Eighteen-year-old Jamie Cole has recently been released from juvenile detention after serving time for murder. A former car thief, Jamie is now determined to go straight. As he struggles to get his life on track, the last thing he expects is to meet Ellie Pearce. Ellie, a bright and vivacious 17-year old, has just ended a long-term relationship with the star of her school's football team, Miles. Their relationship seemed picture-perfect, but Miles was possessive and emotionally abusive in private. After years of feeling caged, she's ready to break away, and the last thing she wants is something serious. She spends the night with Jamie and agrees to see him on a casual basis - but soon they both have to admit there's nothing casual about their chemistry. The original Wattpad sensation - fully revised and with brand new content.
Restorative justice for juveniles : conferencing, mediation and circles
Hooligans or rebels? : an oral history of working-class childhood and youth 1889-1939
Juvenile crime : current issues and background
Among the hoods : my years with a teenage gang
Constructing reformatory identity : girls' reform school education in Finland, 1893-1923
Swedish young offenders in community-based rehabilitative programmes : patterns of antisocial behaviour, mental health, and recidivism
Children in secure accommodation : a gendered exploration of locked institutional care for children in trouble
Exploring risk governance in the Nordic context : Finnish juvenile crime and child welfare
New perspectives on aggression replacement training : practice, research and application
Western systems of juvenile justice
Juvenile justice : redeeming our children
John the Painter : terrorist of the American Revolution : a brief account of his short life, from his birth in Edinburgh, anno 1752, to his death, by hanging, in Portsmouth, anno 1777. To which was once appended a meditation on the eternal foolishness of young men
The bling ring : how a gang of fame-obsessed teens ripped off Hollywood and shocked the world
Becoming delinquent : British and European youth, 1650-1950
Artemis Fowl and the Atlantis complex
Studying youth gangs
Edited by Meda Chesney-Lind and Lisa Pasko, "Girls, Women and Crime: Selected Readings, Second Edition" is a compilation of journal articles on the female offender written by leading researchers in the field of criminology and women's studies. The individual sections in the book survey four major areas: theories of female criminality, literature on female juvenile delinquents, and women as offenders and women in prison. The readings in "Girls, Women, and Crime" focus on two central questions: How does gender matter in crime and the justice system? What characterizes women's and girls' pathway to crime? In answering these key questions, the contributors reveal the complex worlds females in the criminal justice system must often negotiate-worlds that are frequently riddled with violence, victimization, discrimination, and economic marginalization.
