http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14443 air filters
air filters
Air pollution control engineering
The formation of organic compounds and subsequent emissions from ventilation filters
Biofiltration for air pollution control
Summary.
Outdoor urban aerosols and their transport and fate indoors
Marketing communications plan for the marketing of new air purifiers in Pirkanmaa region
Environmental use of peat
Nanostructured fibre composites, and materials for air filtration
The filter bubble : what the internet is hiding from you
Biological purification of odorous sulphide compounds from effluent gases
Air pollution and air cleaning equipment in buildings
Emissions from filters and hygiene of air ducts in the ventilation systems of office buildings
R[sup 3]-symposium, Mariehamn, 1987 : 18:e Nordiska R[sup 3]-symposiet : handlingar från Nordiska R[sup 3]-föreningens symposium, Mariehamn, 11-13 ma[j] 87 = Proceedings from the 1987 Symposium of the Nordic Association for Contamination Control (R[sup 3]-NORDIC)
Electrostatic precipitators for industrial applications
Handbook of ventilation for contaminant control
Industrial  ventilation : a manual of recommended practice
Managing indoor air quality
Survey of Air Purifier Market Acceptance in China
Development of test methods for electret filters
Proceedings
Mitigating the adverse impact of particulates on indoor air
Air filtration in HVAC systems
Hitsaus = Welding. Osa 12, Hitsauksen työturvallisuus = Health and safety in welding
Healthy buildings 2000 : proceedings. Vol. 2, Design and operation of HVAC systems
Air pollution control can be approached from a number of different engineering disciplines environmental, chemical, civil, and mechanical. To that end, Noel de Nevers has written an engaging overview of the subject. While based on the fundamentals of chemical engineering, the treatment is accessible to readers with only one year of college chemistry. In addition to discussion of individual air pollutants and the theory and practice of air pollution control devices, de Nevers devotes about half the book to topics that influence device selection and design, such as atmospheric models and U.S. air pollution law. The generous number of end-of-chapter problems are designed to develop more complex thinking about the concepts presented and integrate them with readers personal experience increasing the likelihood of deeper understanding.
Extract and cleaning of contaminated air in commercial kitchens : Ultraviolet technology
The sustainable role of the tree in environmental protection technologies
