http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14417 Arabic language
Arabic language
Elementary modern standard Arabic. Part 2, Arabic grammar and vocabulary, lessons 31-45; Appendices
Al-kitab fi ta'allum al-Arabiyah = Al-kitaab fii ta'allum al-Arabiyya = A textbook for beginning Arabic. Part One
Yalla nihki arabi = [Let's speak Arabic] : a course in colloquial Arabic for beginners
Meyya 100% meyya : Egyptian colloquial self learning approach
Arabic in three months : [simplified language course]
Elias' pocket dictionary : English-Arabic-English
Arabic : phrasebook & dictionary
Gulf Arabic
A phonetic study of emphasis and vowels in Egyptian Arabic
THE ARABIC ALPHABET : HOW TO READ AND WRITE IT
A basic course in Iraqi Arabic
Spoken Arabic of Baghdad. Part 2, Anthology of texts
Arabic : (eastern) : the complete course. II, Intermediate / part B.
Simple Arabic : a comprehensive course
My first Arabic phrases
Arabic from the beginning : part one
First hundred words in Arabic
Multiattributive nominal phrases in modern written Arabic = De enuntiatis multiattributivis nominalibus, quae in araborum lingua hodierna scripta occurrunt
Writing Arabic : a practical introduction to Ruq'ah script
Get by in Arabic : a quick beginners' course for holidaymakers and businesspeople
First Arabic words
A short reference grammar of Moroccan Arabic
Colloquial Arabic : the living language of Egypt
Get started in Arabic
Colloquial Arabic : with notes on the vernacular speech of Egypt, Syria, and Mesopotamia, and an appendix on the local caracteristics of Algerian dialect
Easy Arabic reader : a three-part text for beginning students
The foundations of grammar : an introduction to medieval Arabic grammatical theory
Key to the Arabic language = [Miftāh ilā al-luġat al-'arabīya lil-a'ǧamīn]. Part 1, Exercise book for the Arabic script = Daftar al-tamrīn fī al-ḫatt al-'arabī lil-a'ǧamīn
Pragmatic functions in a functional grammar of Arabic
A grammar of Christian Arabic : based mainly on South-Palestinian texts from the first millenium. Fasc. 1, 1-169 introduction, ortography & phonetics, morphology
A short reference grammar of eastern Libyan Arabic
Arabic : phrase book & CD
The book of plants of Abū Ḥanīfa ad-Dīnawarī : part of the alphabetical section = Kitāb al-nabāt : qiṭʻa min al-ǧuz' al-ḫāmis
Arabic phrase book
Arabic for kids. 1
Sudanese colloquial Arabic for beginners
A short reference grammar of Iraqi Arabic
Arabic around the world : grammar and exercises
Arabic for travellers
Report on Moroccan urban and rural life. 1, Ethnographic texts in Moroccan Arabic
A contrastive transformational grammar : Arabic and English
The Arabic alphabet : how to read and write it
Spoken Arabic of Baghdad. Part 1, Grammar and exercises
Teach yourself beginner's Arabic script
A short reference grammar of Gulf Arabic
Selected proceedings of the Workshop on Computer Processing of the Arabic Language
The classical Arabic writing system
A grammar of Christian Arabic : based mainly on South-Palestinian texts from the first millenium. Fasc. 2, 170-368 Syntax I
A basic course in Gulf Arabic
Elias' practical grammar and vocabulary of the colloquial Arabic : a simple course for non-grammarians, containing the most useful words only, with the necessary tenses of the verbs, and plurals of the nouns and adjectives
The book of plants : part of the alphabetical section
The spoken Arabic of Khābūra on the Bātina of Oman
Arabic grammar : paradigms, literature, chrestomathy and glossary
An introduction to Egyptian colloquial Arabic
Arabic : (eastern) : the complete course. II, Intermediate / part A.
An index and concordance of pre-Islamic Arabian names and inscriptions
Landmarks in linguistic thought : The Arabic linguistic tradition. 3
Key to the Arabic language = [Miftāh ilā al-luġat al-'arabīya lil-a'ǧamīn]. Part 2, Arabic textbook = Qirā'a wa kitāba
Arabic Script among China's Muslims: A Dongxiang folk story
Build your Arabic vocabulary : 1000 key words to get beyond the basics
Chambers Arabic vocabulary
Gulf Arabic : intermediate level
Arabic verbs and essentials of grammar : a practical guide to the mastery of Arabic
Complete guide to Arabic script
Elementary modern standard Arabic. Part 1, Arabic pronunciation and writing; Arabic grammar and vocabulary, lessons 1-30
An Arabic reading-book. Pt. 1st, The texts
The spoken Arabic of Iraq
Towards koineized colloquial : notes on the Arabic dialect spoken in the Gaza Strip
Arabic language and grammar. Part 4
From the Arabic press : a language reader in economic and social affairs
A descriptive grammar of sa'i:di Egyptian colloquial Arabic
The emergence and linguistic background of Judaeo-Arabic : a study of the origins of middle Arabic
A reference grammar of Syrian Arabic : (based on the dialect of Damascus)
Learn Arabic now! : read, listen, speak
Arabic for dummies
Symbolic and functional : code interaction in spoken Jerusalem Arabic
Colloquial Arabic (Levantine) : the complete course for beginners
Studies in Arabic syntax and semantics
Eight months on Ghazzah Street
Arabic language handbook
Arabic through the Qur'ān
A grammatical sketch of the Spanish Arabic dialect bundle
Perspectives on Arabic linguistics. 1, Papers from the 1st Annual Symposium on Arabic Linguistics
Teach yourself Arabic
A grammar of Christian Arabic : based mainly on South-Palestinian texts from the first millenium. Fasc. 3, 369-535 Syntax II
Selected proceedings of the Workshop on Computer Processing of the Arabic Language, [held in Kuwait, 14-16 April 1985]
