http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14469 ceramic materials
ceramic materials
Inscribed in clay : provenance study of the Amarna tablets and other Ancient Near Eastern texts
Stability and sliding wear behaviour of TZP ceramics in immersed solutions
Single and multiphonon interactions with infrared radiation : studies of ceramic materials for low emittance applications
Introduction to surfactants and their use on metallic and ceramic surfaces
Ceramics in energy applications : the Institute of Energy's Second International Conference on Ceramics in Energy Applications : proceedings of the Institute of Energy Conference held in London, UK on 20-21 April 1994
A room-temperature fabrication method for microwave dielectric Li2MoO4 ceramics and their applicability for antennas
What every engineer should know about ceramics
Ceramic interfaces : properties and applications
Ceramic powder processing. Orlando, Florida 31.10.-4.11. 1987 : matkaraportti
Essentials of materials science and engineering
CIMTEC'98, 9th International Conference on Modern Materials & Technologies, Florence, Italy, 14th-19th June 1998 : World Ceramics Congress & Forum on New Materials : abstracts
The fracture of brittle materials : testing and analysis
Thermal shock testing of ceramic materials : sialons and alumina composites
TZP-ceramics in humid conditions at 150 C
Materials and processes in manufacturing
Ceramics : materials for inspirational design
Introduction to phase equilibria in ceramics
Influence of non-ionic polymers and cationic surfactants on silica sols, gels and porous ceramic materials
Introduction to materials science and engineering
Physical ceramics : principles for ceramic science and engineering
Fabrication of advanced LTCC structures for microwave devices
Oil lubricated and water lubricated pin-on-disc wear tests with engineering ceramics
Interfaces in electronic materials : proceedings of the international symposium
Phase stability of TZP-ceramics in various conditions
Superplasticity in metals and ceramics : T.G. Nieh, J. Wadsworth, O.D. Sherby
Mechanical engineer's handbook. Vol. 1, Materials and mechanical design
Corrosion of glass, ceramics and ceramic superconductors : principles, testing, characterization and applications
Characterization of functional coatings on ceramic surfaces
Abstract in Hindi.
Ceramic fibers and coatings : advanced materials for the twenty-first century
Proceedings of the 5th International Congress on Tribology. Vol. 4, June 15. 1989 Espoo, Finland
Abrasion wear characteristics of thermally sprayed alumina based coatings
Metals, ceramics and polymers : an introduction to the structure and properties of engineering materials
Biokeraamit = Biotechnical engineering : bioceramics
Design and technology of oxides-containing ceramic-based composites
CIMTEC 2006 : abstracts of the 11th International Ceramics Congress and 4th Forum on New Materials ; held in Acireale, Sicily, Italy on June 4 - 9, 2006 : Pietro
Practical building conservation : English Heritage technical handbook. Vol. 2, Brick, terracotta and earth
Keraamiset pinnoitteet, sovellukset = Ceramic coatings, industrial applications
Membrane properties of structurally modified ceramides : effects on lipid lateral distribution and sphingomyelin-interactions in artificial bilayer membranes
Development of methods for assessing the frost resistance of clay bricks
Sol-gel materials : chemistry and applications
Ceramic interconnect technology handbook
Materials science for engineering students
Optical properties of glass
Science and engineering of materials
Introduction to materials science
Lead in the world of ceramics : research review
Engineering materials. 2, An introduction to microstructures and processing
Electroceramics : materials, properties, applications
Sol-gel processing of advanced ceramics : international workshop held in Madras on 8-9 January, 1996
Navigating the materials world : a guide to understanding materials behavior
10th International Ceramics Congress & 3rd Forum on New Materials, Florence, Italy, July 14-18, 2002 : abstracts
This work presents a method for the fabrication of Li₂MoO₄ ceramics at room-temperature based on utilizing a small amount of water with Li₂MoO₄ powder. The densification of the ceramic takes place during pressing. Thus the shape and size of the final ceramic compact can easily be managed by controlling the mould dimensions and the amount of material. Post-processing at 120 °C is applied to remove residual water from the compact. This post-processing temperature can be chosen to be suitable to the other materials integrated, such as the substrate or electrodes, as long as the post-processing time is adequate to remove the residual water. The dielectric properties (relative permittivity of 5.1 and a loss tangent value of 0.00035 at 9.6 GHz) after optimization of the powder particle size, sample pressing pressure, and post-processing time were similar to those achieved for Li₂MoO₄ ceramics fabricated by sintering at 540 °C.The dielectric properties of Li₂MoO₄ ceramics were also modified using composite methods. For example, an addition of 10 volume-% of BaTiO₃ increased the relative permittivity from 6.4 to 9.7 and the loss tangent value from 0.0006 to 0.011 at 1 GHz. To investigate the thermal dependence of the permittivity, different amounts of rutile TiO₂ were incorporated into a Li₂MoO₄ ceramic matrix fabricated with the method described in this work. As the amount of TiO₂ increased from 10 to 30 volume-%, the thermal coefficient of permittivity decreased from 180 ppm/°C to -170 ppm/°C. The low processing temperature made the fabrication approach introduced here feasible for silver electrode integration without the formation of extra phases, which were observed in sintered samples with similar compositions in another study.A patch antenna was realized utilizing a Li₂MoO₄ ceramic disk fabricated by the room-temperature method. The antenna operating at ~4 GHz showed reasonably good performance. A relative humidity of 80% lowered the resonant frequency by 3.25% from the initial value, and reduced the total and radiation efficiencies of the antenna by ~2 dB. The changes were slowly reversible. Use of a silicone conformal coating reduced the shift of the resonant frequency to 1.26% from the initial value and also reduced the effect on efficiencies to ~1 dB. The use of the coating also speeded up the reversibility of the changes when the humidity was decreased.
Gravure-offset printing in the manufacture of ultra-fine-line thick-films for electronics
Shaping macroporous ceramics : templated synthesis, X-ray tomography and permeability
Ceramic materials : processes, properties and applications
Strength and integrity of ceramic coatings
Engineering materials. 2, An introduction to microstructures, processing and design
Handbook of sol-gel science and technology : processing, characterization, and applications
Lead in the world of ceramics : a sourcebook for scientists, engineers and students
Fired up with raku : over 300 raku recipes
XRF analysis of ceramics, minerals and allied materials
Modifications of surface materials and their effects on cleanability as studied by radiochemical methods
Ceramic Materials '88 : matkaraportti
Gain media for thin disk lasers pumped by a semiconductor disk laser
Wetting and reactivity between nitride ceramics and molten copper and silver alloys
Bonding of composite resin to alumina and zirconia ceramics with special emphasis on surface conditioning and use of coupling agents
Reliability analysis of lead free electronic assembly
Anglo-Finnish joint symposium on advances in nondestructive testing, Espoo, 9-11 May, 1988
Embedding of bulk piezoelectric structures in Low Temperature Co-fired Ceramic
Breaking the mould : new approaches to ceramics
Alumina membranes : colloidal processing and evolution of functional properties
Applied materials science : applications of engineering materials in structural, electronics, thermal, and other industries
Ceramic materials : science and engineering
Raku : investigations into fire
Kiln construction : a brick by brick approach
Effect of high temperature water vapour on SiC-based hot gas filters : microstructural, mechanical and non-destructive characterization
500 raku : bold explorations of a dynamic ceramics technique
Joining of materials and structures : from pragmatic process to enabling technology
Matkaraportti, Cocoa Beach, FL, USA 15-18.1.1989
Mechanical properties of ceramics and composites : grain and particle effects
The ceramic process : a manual and source of inspiration for ceramic art and design
Ca-P-O thin film preparation, modification and characterisation
Deformation and fracture mechanics of engineering materials
Introduction to ceramics
Tribology of ceramics and composites : a materials science perspective
Characterization of commercial zirconia ceramics
Glassy metals. 3, Amorphization techniques, catalysis, electronic and ionic structure
Optimized estimation of the Weibull distribution parameters
Material matters : new materials in design
Nanocrystalline ceramics : synthesis and structure
ASM handbook. Volume 19, Fatigue and fracture
Self-reinforced bioceramic and polylactide based composites
