http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1447 regional effects
regional effects
Tourism has demonstrated its potential as a huge driving force in the economic growth and development of Lagos State as a whole. The Eyo festival, particularly celebrated in Lagos, is one among the many events that pulls tourists to Lagos. This cultural festival not only enriches the state, but every segment of the host communities, as benefits from tourism have spiral effects. The purpose of this bachelor's thesis was to find out the economic impact of Eyo festival on Lagos State, how the festival has contributed to the economical growth of the state and the indirect effects of the festival in contributing to wages and employment in other local businesses that supply goods and services to the overall tourism business in Lagos. This thesis was conducted based on literature review by reviewing, analyzing and authenticating the projects and reports already written on similar topic and projects. Tourism textbooks, journals, internet sources and internet reports were the secondary sources reviewed. The data used in this study are secondary in nature and the empirical data were obtained by using a questionnaire based on responses from respondents. From all these, an analysis was done. The results show a positive correlation between the Eyo festival and other tourism related activities and the increase in the economic growth in the state.
Tourism geography : a new synthesis
Finnish polytechnics in the regional innovation system : towards new ways of action
Innovation systems and innovation policy in a periphery : the case of northern Finland
Managing regional tourism : a case study of Yorkshire, England
Future climate in world regions : an intercomparison of model-based projections for the new IPCC emissions scenarios
The Economic impact of tourism in Eastern Uusimaa region of Finland 2009
The Economic impact of tourism on Lagos state : case study Eyo festival
Relationship between agricultural and rural development within the context of the European Union's common agricultural policy : the case of Finland
Affluence, mobility, and second home ownership
Railways as an innovative regional factor
Great American city : Chicago and the enduring neighborhood effect
Universities, knowledge transfer and regional development : geography, entrepreneurship and policy
Climate adaptation governance in cities and regions : theoretical fundamentals and practical evidence
Abstract: Social exclusion in Finnish urban regions : area differences and effects of the social environment in the 1990's.
Korea's changing roles in Southeast Asia : expanding influence and relations
The new geography : how the digital revolution is reshaping the American landscape
Children, place and indentity : nation and locality in middle childhood
Behind the myth of European Union : prospects for cohesion
Higher education for regional social cohesion
Poverty and forests : multi-country analysis of spatial association and proposed policy solutions
Tourism and hospitality : issues and developments
Global changes : their regional and local aspects. proceedings of the 6th Polish-Czech-Slovak geographical seminar
The regional effectiveness of Lappeenranta University of Technology : self-evaluation report
Second home tourism in Finland : perceptions of citizens and municipalities on the state and development of second home tourism
Planning as persuasive storytelling : the rhetorical construction of Chicago's electric future
Europe unbound : enlarging and reshaping the boundaries of the European Union
The flat white economy : how the digital economy is transforming London and other cities of the future
The strategic implications of European Union enlargement
Abstract: An amelioration of summer temperatures was a wery prominent feature in northern Finland from the beginning of this century until the 1930s. Since then, the climate has been deteriorating. This fluctuation is reflected in forestry practices. In the 1950s management plans and silvicultural instructions were based on experience gained during the favourable climatic period. When disappointments and failures followed in the 1960s, management programmes had to be revised and amended, and new, more conservative instructions issued.
OECD/IMHE : supporting the contribution of higher education institutions to regional development : self-evaluation report of the Jyväskylä region in Finland
Contemporary security and strategy
The use of assisted fertilization in Finland : health effects and equity
Rise of China : Beijing's strategies and implications for the Asia-Pacific
Spatial dynamics in the service sector : some theses pertaining to developments in IT, organizational restructuring and spatial processes
The socio-economic impact of air transport on small regions in Finland : case study: the Kokkola-Pietarsaari airport region
The Mediterranean in the age of globalization : migration, welfare & borders
The geography of emerging regions
Probabilities of adverse weather affecting transport in Europe : climatology and scenarios up to the 2050s
Essays on regional development and labor mobility in a knowledge-based economy
The regional economic role of universities : the dark side of university
Bright satanic mills : universities, regional development, and the knowledge economy
Physical impacts of agritourism in the province of Siena, Italy
Economic impact of light rail investments : the results of 15 urban areas in France, Germany, UK and North America
Local heroes in the global village : globalization and the new entrepreneurship policies
Sport & tourism : a reader
'Globalization' : spaces, identities and (In)securities
Empirical evidence on international outsourcing in production
Self-evaluation report on the regional impact of the University of Joensuu : Evaluation project of the impact of Eastern Finland universities and the Mikkeli campus
Sustainable tourism & the millennium development goals : effecting positive change
"From the author of the bestseller The Rise of the Creative Class, a book that frames the economic meltdown of 2008-09 not as a crisis but as an opportunity to "reset," and, in doing so, paints a fascinating picture of what our economy, society, and geography will look like--of how we will work and live--in the future"--Provided by publisher.
The region in the new economy : an international perspective on regional dynamics in the 21st century
Diet and dental health in Northern and Southern Finland
Economic impact of museums
Regional innovation, knowledge and global change
The dynamic firm : the role of technology, strategy, organization and regions
Sustainable activities : report on regional responsibility by Häme University of Applied Sciences 2015
The open cut : mining, transnational corporations and local populations
Regional effects of the high technology industry in Finland
Information and communications technology as potential catalyst for sustainable urban development : experiences in Eindhoven, Helsinki, Manchester, Marseilles and The Hague
Rural-urban policy effects on the regional economies of South Ostrobothnia and North Karelia
Backpacker tourism and economic development : perspectives from the less developed world
Over the years tourism has become one of the largest industries in the world, starting to develop more and more forms of accommodation and recreational activity, particularly in countryside areas. Nowadays, agritourism is one of the most rapidly growing segments of tourism and it has been identified as a form of rural tourism that ensures both development and conservation. However, rural territories and infrastructure are being adapted to the exigencies of tourists, so that many physical changes are taking place. This study questions how the physical impact of agritourism activities influences the social, economic and organisational aspects of rural territories in the Province of Siena in Italy.  Within the literature consulted by the author, many studies have emphasised several issues occurring to rural areas after the development of agritourism infrastructure. Thus, this study focuses on three key issues: first, the adaptation of old rural infrastructure to tourists' exigencies; second, the modification of the social environment and its economic activities; third and last, the use of local entrepreneurships as main territorial management system.  One of the main purposes of this study is to help rural communities to understand the causes that have brought physical changes to their territories, especially within infrastructure. Therefore, a qualitative study was retained by the author as the most apposite research position. A single case study research strategy was considered the most appropriated qualitative research methodology and it influenced the use of in-depth interview to gather primary data on the three key issues. The author identified then two target groups of respondents: agritourism operators and territorial administrators. With the use of the snowball sampling method the author was able to collect four interviews.  In the process of data analysis, this research used a single case study with multiple units of analysis composed by an individual unit level, a group unit level and a multiple unit level. However, although all the three levels were used to analyse the data, only the group unit level and the multiple unit level were fully described in this study. The display and presentation of data allowed the author to identify differences between the respondents.     Overall, the results of the research confirmed the positive aspects of agritourism in terms of sustainable development and conservation of rural territories. However, the interrelations between territorial administrators and agritourism operators should be improved. In fact, both professional figures recognised the lack of understanding of each others' goals, which caused a further lack of collaboration. Accordingly, agritourism players in the Province of Siena should join their forces in marketing activities, with the use of Internet, as well as ensuring the continuous existence of local farmers via diversification of local products.
Demilitarisation and peace-building in Southern Africa. Vol. 2, National and regional experiences
Triple border regions in Central Europe : the case of Hungary and its neighbours
The regional impact of the university : self-evaluation report
Responsibility and effectiveness : regional responsibility report by HAMK University of Applied Sciences
The kilometer tax and Swedish industry : effects on regions and sectors
The rapid expansion of the mineral and metal mining sector in the past decade was accompanied by an increase in social conflicts. What are the impacts of large-scale mining operations? What are the strategies used by transnational corporations to gain access to underground resources and legitimize their activities? And how do local and indigenous communities confronted with mining react to, negotiate with and resist these activities? This book covers 13 case studies of copper, gold, uranium and other mining operations, situated in Latin America, Africa, Asia, Australia and Switzerland. With an extensive introduction to the subject and a systematic comparison across mining operations in different phases of development and social contexts, it serves as a primer and reference book for activists, students and researchers alike.
Climate change emergencies and European municipalities : guidelines for adaptation and response
The Finnish sugar sector and its multiplier effects
Tourism economics : impact analysis
The new Silk Road, a glimpse to China's regime?
Reflexion of climatic fluctuation in the forestry practices of Northern Finland
The effect of the tourism of the Hortobágy National Park on the surrounding settlements : lesson of a questionnaire survey
The role of universities in regional innovation systems : a Nordic perspective
Regional economic effects of universities : the impact of knowledge production on private investments : paper presented at the Binational Congress on Conditions and Effects of Location Considerations of Industrial Organizations, Regional Science Association, Herzliah (Israel), 31 October - 4 November, 1988
How can the film-induced tourism phenomenon be sustainably managed?
The "humanitarian dimension" of Russian foreign policy toward Georgia, Moldova, Ukraine and the Baltic States
The diffusion of housing price movements from centre to surrounding areas
Stakeholder dialogue and regional engagement in the context of higher education
Summary in Finnish (Yhteenveto)
The great reset : how new ways of living and working drive post-crash prosperity
Learning regional engagement : a re-evaluation of the third role of Eastern Finland universities
Space-time dependence in regional development : the geospatial approach to understanding the development processes in small-scale areas of Finland
The social construction of educational leadership
Ageing and economic performance : dilemmas and dichotomies
Economic geography of higher education : knowledge, infrastructure, and learning regions
