http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14484 players (non-music)
players (non-music)
Double play
Leonid Stein : master of risk strategy
My last fight : the true story of a hockey rock star
The soul of baseball : a road trip through Buck O'Neil's America
Victor : my journey
Press start to play
Tiger : the real story
The player's game : towards understanding player production among computer game culture
Breakaway : from behind the Iron Curtain to the NHL : the untold story of hockey's great escapes
100 greatest golfers
Games and gamers : business and popularity
Endgame : Bobby Fischer's remarkable rise and fall - from America's brightest prodigy to the edge of madness
The battle for Manchester : the rivalry between Mancester City and Manchester United
Focused for soccer
The complete zero line chronicles : incite, feed, reap
Red leaders : the official story of Manchester United's captains
The definitive autobiography from hockey's greatest living legend?? "Mr. Hockey” himself, Gordie Howe. Big, skilled, tough on the ice, and nearly indestructible, Howe dominated both the sport and the record books like no one has before or since. Over an incredible six decades, the Hall of Famer had so many accomplishments that he set the record for the most records by any athlete ever in any sport.
Butterfly winter
Extending experiences : structure, analysis and design of computer game player experience
The role of tennis coaches in regulating their players' emotional states : an exploratory study
Shift work
Showboat : the life of Kobe Bryant
No easy money : a gambler's diary
In real life
Perceptions concerning successful development of Finnish players involved in the National Football League (NFL)
Crossing the line : my story
Ronnie : the autobiography of Ronnie O'Sullivan
It's been emotional
Hockey's original 6 : great players of the Golden Era
Between the pipes : a revealing look at hockey's legendary goalies
'Gaming Live!' provides a complete guide to live streaming and gaming. It features exclusive interviews directly from the biggest YouTube and Twitch stars in the world. It's an essential guide for anyone and everyone who wants to get involved with the incredible world of live streaming!
Patrick Roy : winning, nothing else
Mr. Hockey : my story
Sky key : an Endgame novel
The sweet spot
The Elementia chronicles. Book 2, The new order : an unofficial Minecraft-fan adventure
Out of bounds : legendary tales from the 19th hole
Dino FC : transfer trouble
Computer and video game law : cases, statutes, forms, problems & materials
The story of the World Cup
The player development process among young Finnish soccer players : multidimensional approach
Endgame. The complete training diaries : Origins ; Descendant ; Existence
The Calling
The Cooler
Atomic swarm
The football encyclopedia
Exergaming usage : hedonic and utilitarian aspects
Character-driven game design : a design approach and its foundations in character engagement
Wearing the "C" : leadership secrets from hockey's greatest captains
Totalscouting : player analysis software for ice-hockey
Principles of coaching football
Teaching individual technique and tactics in floorball : combining motor and cognitive learning
Euro 2016 : the ultimate fan guide
My life as a night elf priest : an anthropological account of World of warcraft
UEFA Euro 2016 France : the official book
You're off! : the Talksport book of red cards
The professor, the banker and the suicide king : inside the richest poker game of all time
Sword art online : Girls' ops. 001
Player development guidebook for Heinolan Kiekko
The life and games of Mikhal Tak
Diego Costa : the art of war
From hockey’s most prolific fighter comes a sports memoir unlike any other—passionate, funny, and candid, Shift Work chronicles Domi’s sixteen tumultuous seasons in the NHL.  Making it through a single fight as an enforcer in the NHL is a sign of toughness. Making it through 333 of them is a mark of greatness. Whether it was on the ice or off it, Tie Domi was driven to be the best at his job and was gifted with an extraordinary ability to withstand pain. He made a career out of protecting the people around him and became known as someone who would stand up for the people who needed it most.  Raised by immigrant parents in Belle River, Domi found success from an early age on the field and the rink. A gifted athlete in whatever sport he played, Tie eventually focused his sights on hockey. As he moved up the junior ranks, he made a name for himself as a player who was always ready to take on anyone who dared to cross his teammates.  Tie’s reputation followed him into the NHL, and it wasn’t long before he ranked among the game’s most feared—and fearless—enforcers. From New York to Winnipeg to Toronto, Tie quickly became a fan favourite in whatever city he played. As he went about working his name into the record books, Tie surrounded himself with people from every walk of life, learning from each one as he evolved into a respected leader who was never afraid to tell it like it was.  In Shift Work, Tie recounts the ups and downs of his life on and off the ice, showing what he has learned and how he has grown as both a player and a person. He offers insight into the most memorable points of his career, sharing his successes and mistakes with unparalleled honesty. Shift Work shows Tie Domi as he is—a devoted father and friend, a valued and loyal team player, a magnetic personality, and an athlete of immense skill and courage.
One of a kind : the rise and fall of Stuey "the Kid" Ungar, the world's greatest poker player
Play ball!
The complete encyclopedia of football
Chess duels : my games with the world champions
Bringing down the house : the inside story of six MIT students who took Vegas for millions
Marcel Pronovost : a life in hockey
Geoff Hurst's 50 greatest footballers of all time
Gaming live! : your guide to video game livestreaming
Poker faces : the life and work of professional card players
The color of money
The ball is round : a global history of soccer
Gordie : a hockey legend : an unauthorized biography of Gordie Howe
Journeyman : the many triumphs (and even more numerous defeats) of a guy who's seen just about everything in the game of hockey
J.R. : my life as the most outspoken, fearless, and hard-hitting man in hockey
Zim : a baseball life
White king and red queen : how the cold war was fought on the chessboard
Sword art online progressive. 002
Football record breakers
A bloody good winner : life as a professional gambler
The grinders : making meaning in the online and offline lives of Internet poker players
NBA 2K15 : PlayStation 3
Death by video game : tales of obsession from the virtual frontline
Don't call me goon : a tribute to hockey's great enforcers, bad boys, and gunslingers
Internet gambling : current research findings and implicationas
Sophia : a novel
The Hockey coaching bible
"Seventeen-time all-star; scorer of 81 points in a game; MVP and a shooting guard second only to Jordan in league history: Kobe Bryant is one of basketball's absolute greatest players, a fascinating and complicated character who knew when he was a mere boy that he would be better than Jordan on the court. The debate about whether he achieved that is a furious one--but Kobe has surpassed Jordan on the all-time scoring list and has only one less championship than Jordan (5 to Jordan's 6). He retired after the 2015/16 season, just in time for Roland Lazenby's definitive biography of the player and the man. The Lakers are the flashiest team in all of sports, and the context in which Bryant played is salacious and exciting. Provocative stories--on his childhood with a domineering dad; his complicated personal life; and his explosive relationships on the court--mixed with good old fashioned basketball reporting make for a riveting and essential read for any hoops fan."-- Provided by publisher.
The chess terrorist's handbook
The official FA guide to psychology for football
Jeremy Roenick, one of the premier hockey players of his generation and one of the greatest American stars the NHL has ever known, shares his life story in this frank and unflinching autobiography. After making his debut as an 18-year-old with the Chicago Blackhawks, Roenick thrilled fans with his flashy style, take-no-prisoners approach, and jaw-dropping skills. A native of Boston, Roenick went on to play for four more franchises-including the Philadelphia Flyers and Los Angeles Kings-during his incredible 18-season career. By the time he was through, Roenick had racked up 513 goals-the secon.
The goaltenders' union : hockey's greatest puckstoppers, acrobats, and flakes
For richer, for poorer : confessions of a player
Developing a youth organization : case Turku YMCA
"Hit 'em where it hurts the most" - exploring the humor of an attack on a gaming funeral
Conflict
The game of lives
Study of Zumba game playing experience, related to previous knowledge of Zumba
21 : bringing down the house : how six students took Vegas for millions
Running : the autobiography
The Golden Jet
Complexity in gaming : what game developers need to know : a hypothetical model for comparing player motivation relative to complexity preferences
The sweet spot : a novel
The darts bible
What goes on tour stays on tour
Quest for justice
The gaming table
From Scapegoat to Working Mule : Views on the Beneficial Aspects of Video Games in Everyday Life, Education and Business
Brett : his own story
Champions league fact file
One of the most eagerly anticipated events on the sports calendar, the 15th edition of the UEFA European Championship will take place between June 10 and July 10 2016 in France, when, for the first time ever, 24 teams will fight it out for the most prestigious international prize in the European game. This book covers every aspect of the tournament, from how the bid was won and an overview of the venues to be used to an assessment of how the teams got there, a comprehensive analysis of their chances of success, a full breakdown of players expected to grab the headlines and a thorough examination of the event’s fascinating history (including biographies of the leading players of the tournament). Packed full of facts and statistics and beautifully illustrated with a superb collection of photographs, this book is suitable for fans of all ages and is the perfect accompaniment to the year's biggest soccer event.
A CASE STUDY: RESTING, LOADING AND RECOVERY OF THE FLOORBALL PLAYER
Invasion of the Overworld
Trouble In Zombie-Town
The tennis book : the definitive illustrated guide to world tennis
Who's better, who's best in hockey? : setting the record straight on the top 50 hockey players of the expansion era
Whale hunt in the desert : secrets of a Vegas superhost
Big deal : [one year as a professional poker player]
The trade : 25 years since Wayne Gretzky left
99 : Gretzky : his game, his story
Breakaway : from behind the Iron curtain to the NHL : the untold story of hockey's great escapes
Ryan Giggs : the man for all seasons
NBA 2K15 : PlayStation 4
Bargaining for players : player trade in the National Hockey League
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
The Luzhin defense
Playing video games : motives, responses, and consequences
Disordered gambling in Finland : epidemiology and a current treatment option
Why to buy virtual goods in first-person-shooter games : a customer value perspective
