http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14434 history scholars
history scholars
The musical realism of Leos̆ Janác̆ek : from speech melodies to a theory of composition
Cosmopolitan islanders : British historians and the European continent
Style in history
Henry Adams and his world
Edward Gibbon and the shape of history
Archangel : a novel
Five Germanys I have known
Essays presented to Sir Lewis Namier
Thomas Carlyle : the man and his books : illustrated by personal reminiscences, table-talk and anecdotes of himself and his friends
In retrospect : the history of a historian
The world of Geoffrey Keating : history, myth, and religion in seventeenth-century Ireland
A discovery of witches
Historians and ethics
George Bancroft, the intellectual as Democrat
Historians of Latin America in the United States, 1965 : biobibliographies of 680 specialists
The history of the Armenians and Mosēs Khorenats'i
Thucydides - a violent teacher? : history and its representations
How it was : memories of growing up in the 1930s, '40s and '50s
The Greek historians : the essence of Herodotus, Thucydides, Xenophon, Polybius
Explorations in Cultural History : essays for Peter Gabriel McCaffery
The musical realism of Leoš Janáček : from speech melodies to a theory of composition
The vices of integrity : E. H. Carr, 1892-1982
Historical writing on the peoples of Asia. 3, Historians of China and Japan
Historians as nation state-builders : the formation of Lithuanian University 1904-1922
True north : a memoir
Fernández de Oviedo's chronicle of America : a new history for a New World
Behind the texts and notes and the edition : M. A. Castrén's lectures on mythology
Adventures in Russian historical research : reminiscences of American scholars from the Cold War to the present
The memory chalet
Ancient historians of India : a study in historical biographies
Moses Finley and politics
Changing views on British history : essays on historical writing since 1939
Chain of events
Braudel revisited : the Mediterranean world, 1600-1800
A bibliography of Arnold J. Toynbee
The lost symbol
V.O. Kliuchevskii, historian of Russia
Carlo Sigonio : the changing world of the late Renaissance
Thucydides Mythistoricus
Post-communist historians on Ion Antonescu and his authoritarian regime in Romania 1940-1944
Edward Gibbon, the historian
Sidney Pollard : a life in history
The forest of souls
Theory and practice in historical study : a report of the Committee on Historiography
The Memory Chalet
Studies in the Greek historians : in memory of Adam Parry
The life and letters of Lord Macaulay
Telling lies about Hitler : the Holocaust, history and the David Irving trial
Historians I have known
An intelligent person's guide to history
Soviet historians in crisis, 1928-1932
A personal history
New directions in European historiography
In the long history of the British Empire there are few stories as singular as that of Margery Perham. From the moment she first set foot on African soil in 1921, to her death over sixty years later, Perham was focused on the ways and means of Britain's administration of its African domains. She acquired an unrivalled expertise in all aspects of this branch of empire: its systems of governance and those who administered them; its economic impact; its geo-strategic implications and its effect on Africans, including their sense of nationalism and attitudes towards the end of empire. She spent a long and varied career exploring the continent as a traveller, academic, prolific author, and high-level government policy adviser. In later years, Dame Margery Perham, as she became in 1965, was Britain's best-known voice on the end of empire and African independence. In this new biography, the first of its kind and based primarily on Perham's extensive private papers, C. Brad Faught tells her life story in all its richness while throwing fresh light on Britain's twentieth-century imperial experience.
The Second Empire revisited : A study in French historiography
Analytical philosophy of history
Baltic church-historians gathered in Daugavpils at the beginning of September 2012.
Ammianus Marcellinus as a military historian
Outline of Rumanian historiography until the beginning of the 20 century
The Renaissance, English cultural nationalism, and modernism, 1860-1920
Origins of the new South fifty years later : the continuing influence of a historical classic
A history of histories : epics, chronicles, romances and inquiries from Herodotus and Thucydides to the twentieth century
Historians of medieval India : studies in Indo-Muslim historical writing
Gibbon and his world
James Truslow Adams : historian of the American dream
Transoxiana : tarih va madaniât = istoriâ i kul'tura = history and culture : akademiku Èdvardu Rtveladze v čest' 60-letiâ - kollegi i učeniki
Modern Norwegian historiography
Into Africa : the imperial life of Margery Perham
The life and letters of Leslie Stephen
Features the essays that chart some of the author's experiences or remembrances: his youthful love of a particular London bus route that evolves into a reflection on public civility and interwar urban planning; and memories of the 1968 student riots of Paris that meander through the divergent sex politics of Europe.
Genres of recollection : archival poetics and modern Greece
World history by the world's historians
Carl Becker : a biographical study in American intellectual history
The superhistorians : makers of our past
The Dovring saga : a story of academic immigration
The social responsibility of the historian
The Holocaust on trial : history, justice, and the David Irving libel case
Presenting history : past and present
Pevsner : the early life : Germany and art
A spy in the archives : a memoir of Cold War Russia
Henry Adams : a biography
William Appleman Williams : the tragedy of empire
Sir Arthur Bryant and national history in twentieth-century Britain
Nikolaus Pevsner was the best known and most important architectural historian of the twentieth century, admired for dedicating his career to areas of English architecture that had never been considered before. But this English specialist and honorary Englishman, knighted in 1969, only came to England at the age of 31. He had been born and brought up in Germany, didn't imagine that English architecture would become his life's focus, and had no wish to move to England even when forced from teaching by the Nazis. Amplified by analyses of Pevsner's writings and a wealth of personal memories, "Pevsner" is the first book to explain one of England's first celebrity scholars - a man who, against the backdrop of Hitler and the troubled politics of the 1930s, had to rethink his entire career when England offered him his only refuge.
The collected essays of J. H. Plumb. [1], The making of an historian
The mind of Thucydides
Historians' fallacies : toward a logic of historical thought
Encyclopedia of historians and historical writing
Man on his past : the study of the history of historical scholarship
The history of history. Volume 1, An introduction to the history of history
J. G. A. Pocock's valedictory lecture : presented at Johns Hopkins University, 1994.
Edward Gibbon and empire
Toynbee on Toynbee : a conversation between Arnold J. Toynbee and G. R. Urban
The ninth biennial meeting of the INBCH at the university of Klaipėda, 2014.
The sixth key
The life of R.H. Tawney : socialism and history
Fernand Braudel (1912-1985), was a leading French historian and author of, among other books, the groundbreaking The Mediterranean and the Mediterranean World in the Age of Philip II (1949). One of the founders of the Annales School in France, Braudel insisted on treating the Mediterranean region as a whole, irrespective of religious and national divides. Braudel's new historiography rejected political history as the dominant discipline and espoused a 'total history' or a 'history from below' that would tell the story of the vast majority of humanity hitherto excluded from the grand narrative. At the time of the book's appearance, this premise was revolutionary.The contributors to Braudel Revisited assess the impact of Braudel's work on today's academic world, in light of subsequent methodological shifts. Engaging with Braudel's texts as well as with his ideas, the essays in this volume speak to the enduring legacy of his work on the ongoing exploration of early modern history.
On the footsteps of the Delaware Finns and John Morton : an interpretation of the Finnish-American history by Salomon Ilmonen
E. P. Thompson : objections and oppositions
Women medievalists and the academy
Historians and eighteenth-century Europe, 1715-1789
Shadow of night
W. J. Cash : a life
The autobiography of Edward Gibbon
Practicing history : selected essays
G. M. Trevelyan : a life in history
The historian and the diplomat : the role of history and historians in American foreign policy
Edward Gibbon and the decline and fall of the Roman Empire
The liberal persuasion : Arthur Schlesinger, Jr., and the challenge of the American past
Law and life of Rome
Philippe de Commynes : memory, betrayal, text
An American scholar in Finland
Promise of a dream : remembering the sixties
Science with a human face : the activity of the Czechoslovak scientists František Šorm and Otto Wichterle during the Cold War
Capitalism and the historians
Notes on a century : reflections of a Middle East historian
Orpheus philologus : Bachofen versus Mommsen on the study of antiquity
W. E. H. Lecky : historian and politician 1838-1903
Center and periphery : studies on power in the Middle Ages in honor of William Chester Jordan
The three evangelists
In search of Agamemnon : early travellers to Mycenae
Historians in politics
"In 1988, the renowned sociologist Pierre Bourdieu and the leading historian Roger Chartier met for a series of lively discussions that were broadcast on French public radio. Published here for the first time, these conversations are an accessible and engaging introduction to the work of these two great thinkers, who discuss their work and explore the similarities and differences between their disciplines with the clarity and frankness of the spoken word.Bourdieu and Chartier discuss some of the core themes of Bourdieu's work, such as his theory of fields, his notions of habitus and symbolic power and his account of the relation between structures and individuals, and they examine the relevance of these ideas to the study of historical events and processes. They also discuss at length Bourdieu's work on culture and aesthetics, including his work on Flaubert and Manet and his analyses of the formation of the literary and artistic fields. Reflecting on the differences between sociology and history, Bourdieu and Chartier observe that while history deals with the past, sociology is dealing with living subjects who are often confronted with discourses that speak about them, and therefore it disrupts, disconcerts and encounters resistance in ways that few other disciplines do.This unique dialogue between two great figures is a testimony to the richness of Bourdieu's thought and its enduring relevance for the humanities and social sciences today"--
Encyclopedia of historians and historical writing. 2, M-Z
The Hammonds : a marriage in history
Historians and historiography in the Italian Renaissance
An Autobiography and other Essays
The history of a history man : or, the twentieth century viewed from a safe distance : the memoirs of Patrick Collinson
The American compromise : theme and method in the histories of Bancroft, Parkman, and Adams
Reappraisals in overseas history : essays on post-war historiography about European expansion
Becoming historians
Modern Hungarian historiography
Operation last chance : one man's quest to bring nazi criminals to justice
You can't be neutral on a moving train : a personal history of our times
Technology acceptance of digital historical record database systems among historians
Historical writing on the peoples of Asia. 1, Historians of India, Pakistan and Ceylon
The history men : the historical profession in England since the Renaissance
What is history?
Polybius and Roman Imperialism
Thucydides and the modern world : reception, reinterpretation and influence from the Renaissance to the present
The Whig interpretation of history
American intellectual histories and historians
Toynbee and history : critical essays and reviews
Francis Parkman, historian as hero : the formative years
The historians of Greece and Rome
Versions of history from antiquity to the Enlightenment
History and historians in the nineteenth century
Contemporary history in the Soviet mirror
Russian historiography : a history
Thinking the twentieth century
Pastmasters : some essays on American historians
Directory of ancient historians in the United States
The journals of Thomas Babington Macaulay
Thucydides between history and literature
Historical writing on the peoples of Asia. 2, Historians of south east Asia
Thuanus : the making of Jacques-Auguste de Thou (1553-1617)
Why France? : American historians reflect on an enduring fascination
Mapping historians : historians' orientations and historical production
Exploring economic growth : essays in measurement and analysis : a festschrift for Riitta Hjerppe on her 60th birthday
The Medici secret
Essays and reviews in history and history of science
Eusebius of Caesarea : tradition and innovations
Philosophy and the historical understanding
World historians and their goals : twentieth-century answers to modernism
Historians and Southeast Asian history
Boulainvilliers and the French monarchy : aristocratic politics in early eighteenth-century France
The sociologist and the historian
Thucydides and his history
Historical writing in England : c. 550 to c. 1307.
Reading southern history : essays on interpreters and interpretations
Making history : Edward Augustus Freeman and Victorian cultural politics
Tiedenaisia = Vetenskapskvinnor = Women of learning
Denmark and Europe in the Middle Ages, c.1000-1525
Salomon Ilmonen, early Finnish-American historian
Eight eurocentric historians
"The ancient Greek historian Thucydides has had an enormous impact on modern historiography, political theory, international relations and strategic studies, but this influence has never been properly studied. This book brings together leading scholars from a range of disciplines to explore the different facets of Thucydides' modern reception and influence, from the birth of political theory in Renaissance Europe to the rise of scientific history in nineteenth-century Germany and the triumph of 'realism' in twentieth-century international relations theory. Its chapters consider the different national and disciplinary traditions of reading and citing Thucydides, but also highlight common themes and questions; in particular, the variety of images of the historian produced by his modern readers: the scientific historian or the artful rhetorician, the brilliant analyst of society and politics or the great narrator of political and military events, the man of experience and affairs or the man of contemplation and reflection"--Provided by publisher.
English historians on the French revolution
The collected letters of Thomas and Jane Welsh Carlyle : Duke-Edinburgh edition. Vol. 35, January-October 1859
