http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14550 milk production
milk production
Meat, milk & climate : why it is absolutely necessary to reduce the consumption of animal products
An examination of factors affecting the fat : protein ratio of milk produced by cows offered grass silage-based diets
Milk production from silage : comparison of grass, legume and maize silages and their mixtures
Life Cycle Assissment of milk production : a comparison of conventional and organic farming
Effects of direct payments on farm performance : the case of dairy farms in northern EU countries
Breeding for lifetime performance in dairy cattle
Energy and protein sufficiency in finnish landrace ewes fed grass silage and hay at different phases of production
"How did an animal product that spoils easily, carries disease, and causes digestive trouble for many of its consumers become a near-universal symbol of modern nutrition? In the first cultural history of milk, historian Deborah Valenze traces the rituals and beliefs that have governed milk production and consumption since its use in the earliest societies. Covering the long span of human history, Milk reveals how developments in technology, public health, and nutritional science made this once-rare elixir a modern-day staple. The book looks at the religious meanings of milk, along with its association with pastoral life, which made it an object of mystery and suspicion during medieval times and the Renaissance. As early modern societies refined agricultural techniques, cow's milk became crucial to improving diets and economies, launching milk production and consumption into a more modern phase. Yet as business and science transformed the product in the nineteenth and twentieth centuries, commercial milk became not only a common and widely available commodity but also a source of uncertainty when used in place of human breast milk for infant feeding. Valenze also examines the dairy culture of the developing world, looking at the example of India, currently the world's largest milk producer. Ultimately, milk's surprising history teaches us how to think about our relationship to food in the present, as well as in the past. It reveals that although milk is a product of nature, it has always been an artifact of culture".
Food security effects of intensified dairying : evidence from the Ethiopian highlands
Physiology of domestic animals
Milk processing and quality management
Life cycle inventory of 23 dairy farms in south-western Sweden
About the milk production of the Estonian cattle breeds
Postpartum disorders in the bitch and queen
Feeding aspects in milk production - future visions for research
Milk : a local and global history
Value based design of information for strategic decision making : the case of milk farms' converting to organic production
Milk production and economy in Sweden and Poland : adapting Swedish strategies to Polish conditions
Feed into milk : a new applied feeding system for dairy cows : an advisory manual
IFCN Dairy report 2006 : for a better understanding of milk production world-wide
The purpose of this thesis is to define an Intelligent Milking System as a modern technology and innovation in the dairy farming that allows farmers to use computerized machines to do diversified activities regarding their dairy cattle management and productions systems. This thesis will explain why Kenya should adopt the use of this milking system in its dairy sector. In addition, it will explore how this system works in a typical dairy farm and highlight important considerations that will ensure farmers get high quality services and products. Moreover, it will present the importance of using milking machines in the dairy sector and how this has changed the lives of farmers, their animals and dependants. The paper will describe two Finnish case studies where Intelligent Milking System (IMS) has been successfully embraced. It will also highlight the significance of adopting this practice by the Kenya Dairy Board (KDB) to boost milk production quality and quantity in Kenya. Lastly, it will present recommendations on how this method can be improved to ensure there is a maximum profit generation, reduced costs and improved quality and quantity of milk supply.
Options for selecting dairy cattle for milk coagulation ability
Growth and utilization of timothy : meadow fescue pastures
Dairy report : for a better understanding of milk production world-wide
Opportunities and challenges for smallholder ruminant systems in Latin America : resource management, food safety, quality and market access
An overview of silage research in Finland : from ensiling innovation to advances in dairy cow feeding
A study of the milk sector in Poland, Hungary, the Czech Republic and Estonia
The milk sector has received much attention in Europe due to the abolition of milk quotas in 2015 and its potential effect on the geographical distribution of milk production across countries. As a way of assessing the competitive advantage of Nordic EU countries, we investigated the productivity level and productivity growth of milk farms across eight countries of the Baltic Sea region from 1995 to 2010. We found considerable discrepancy in the productivity performance of dairy farms across countries. TFP growth rates indicate that, at farm level, the competitive positions of the older EU members are stable, and that there is no catching up from the newer EU entrants. We offer explanations for this evolution based on the different patterns of structural change followed by the studied countries.
The association between cumulative milk yield, days open, and days to first breeding in New York Holstein cows
Effects of nutrient supply, especially volatile fatty acids, on blood metabolites, mammary nutrient metabolism and milk production in dairy cows
Milk quotas in the European Community
Automation of feeding and milking: production, health, behaviour, breeding : proceedings of the EAAP-symposium of the Commissions on animal management and health & cattle production, Helsinki, Finland, 1 July 1988
Intelligent milking systems : computerized dairy cows management and control systems
Finland : milk production fact sheet
Applying holistic indicators to assess dairy farm efficiency is essential for sustainable milk production. Data Envelopment Analysis (DEA) has been instrumental for the calculation of such indicators. However, 'additive' DEA models have been rarely used in dairy research. This study presented an additive model known as slacks-based measure (SBM) of efficiency and its advantages over DEA models used in most past dairy studies. First, SBM incorporates undesirable outputs as actual outputs of the production process. Second, it identifies the main production factors causing inefficiency. Third, these factors can be 'priced' to estimate the cost of inefficiency. The value of SBM for efficiency analyses was demonstrated with a comparison of four contrasting dairy management systems in terms of technical and environmental efficiency. These systems were part of a multiple-year breeding and feeding systems experiment (two genetic lines: select vs. control; and two feeding strategies: high forage vs. low forage, where the latter involved a higher proportion of concentrated feeds) where detailed data were collected to strict protocols. The select genetic herd was more technically and environmentally efficient than the control herd, regardless of feeding strategy. However, the efficiency performance of the select herd was more volatile from year to year than that of the control herd. Overall, technical and environmental efficiency were strongly and positively correlated, suggesting that when technically efficient, the four systems were also efficient in terms of undesirable output reduction. Detailed data such as those used in this study are increasingly becoming available for commercial herds through precision farming. Therefore, the methods presented in this study are growing in importance..
The principles of modern dairy practice from a bacteriological point of view
Storey's guide to raising dairy goats
Environmental assessment of future dairy farming systems : quantifications of two scenarios from the FOOD 21 synthesis work
Improving efficiency assessments using additive data envelopment analysis models: an application to contrasting dairy farming systems
Growth and utilization of timothy-meadow fescue pastures
Fertility in Finnish dairy cattle : impact on milk production, variation according to cow and environmental factors and characterization of fertility problem cows
Guide to good dairy farming practice
This paper studies the structural development of farms with more than one hectare of arable land in northern Finland and explores the reasons behind the development. The paper relies mainly on agricultural census information and farm register statistics, focusing on the period after World War II.Agricultural settlement expanded in northern Finland well into the mid- 1960s due to active policy measures. The period of extensive rural population was short-lived, however. A number of unfavourable factors emerged roughly simultaneously and the number of active farms declined from nearly 60,000 in the 1960s to about 10,000 in 2000. Finland's entry into the EU in the mid-1990s gave further impetus to the development toward fewer but larger farms.Today, active farms are several times as large as their predecessors 40-50 years ago. About 50 percent of all active farms in northern Finland are dairy farms, whose impact is considerably larger than their mere number would suggest.
Applied dairy microbiology
Supply management by government in agriculture : proceedings of the 12th symposium of the European Association of Agricultural Economists (EAAE) May 26th-29th, 1986, Espoo, Finland
Land use response to agricultural policy and market movements on Finnish dairy-farms
Dairying : using science to meet consumers' needs
Effect on concentrate crude protein level on grass silage intake, milk yield and nutrient utilisation by dairy cows in early lactation
Ammonia release and nitrogen balances on south swedish farms 1997-1999
Why do some farmers develop amd other quit their milk production?
Feeding levels during the growing phase affect the production of primiparous Finnish Landrace ewes
Replacement decisions on Finnish dairy farms : toward better economic performance with novel technology and sustainable herds
Milk in nutrition : effects of production and processing factors : proceedings of NJF/NMR-seminar no. 252, Turku, Finland, January 13-15, 1995
Dietary effects of zinc, copper and manganese chelates and sulphates on dairy cows
Estimation of genetic parameters for test-day milk production at different stages of lactation of Finnish Ayrshire heifers
The effect of carbohydrate supplements on the utilization of grass silage diets
Transfer of radionuclides to livestock : proceedings of a workshop on husbandry practices and uptake of radionuclides by livestock, University of Oxford, Oxford, United Kingdom, 5-8 September 1988
The high rates of rumen fermentation, physical breakdown and passage rates from the rumen of legume silages lead to higher intakes than for grass silages of comparable digestibility. Although total tract digestibilities for legume silages and maize silages are often lower than for grass silages, milk yields are usually higher. A further benefit of legumes and maize is the reduced rate of decline in digestibility. Legume silages often lead to a reduction in milk fat concentration and increased levels of polyunsaturated fatty acids, 18:2 n-6 and 18:3 n-3. This latter effect is related to reduced rumen biohydrogenation as a consequence of increased rumen passage rates or the effects of polyphenol oxidase. There is quite a wide range of maturities (300 - 350 g kg-1 DM) that leads to maximum dry matter intakes and milk production from maize silage; milk production is reduced with immature or over-mature maize crops. Forage chop length exerts a number of effects, both in the silo and in the rumen, but effects on rumen function, feed intake and milk production have been inconsistent. The high protein content and high N degradability of most legume silages is associated with a low efficiency of converting dietary N into milk N, with a concomitant increase in urine N. Reducing N intake by inclusion of maize silage in mixtures with legume silages leads to a marked reduction in urine N without loss of production potential. It is predicted, on the basis of their chemical composition and rumen kinetics, that legume silages and maize silages would reduce methane production relative to grass silage, though in vivo measurements are lacking. Extensive fermentation in the silo reduces the amount of fermentable substrate, and reduced methane production in comparison with grass silage where fermentation had been restricted by high levels of acid additive.
Effects of intraruminal infusions of propionate and butyrate with two different protein supplements on milk production and blood metabolites in dairy cows receiving grass silage-based diet
The cost of producing milk in Maine : results from the 2005 dairy cost of production survey
Are larger farms more efficient? : a farm study of the relationships between efficiency and size on specialized dairy farms in Sweden
Agricultural policy formation in the European community: the birth of milk quotas and cap reform
Performance of Finnish dairy farms and its determinants : a comparison of parametric, semiparametric and nonparametric methods
Konsekvenser av management information systems : särskilt systemet ALPRO® i möjlkproduktion = Consequenses due to the adoption of Management Information Systems : the case of Alpro® used in dairy production
Milk, modernity and the making of the human : purifying the social
Finnish embryo transfer breeding program "ASMO" : description of the goals and a summary of the results of initial selection
Milk and dairy products: production and processing costs
Proceedings of the 25th International Dairy Congress, Aarhus 21 - 24 September 1998. 3, Future milk farming
Strategy for dairy development in the tropics and subtropics
Milking, milk production hygiene and udder health
Milk composition and metabolism of cows selected for high or low milk-fat concentration
Influence of the timing of the harvest of primary grass growth on herbage quality and subsequent digestion and performance in the ruminant animal
Dairy cows: nutrition, fertility and milk production
Choosing the milking system : decision making process on finnish dairy farm
Concentrate feeding strategy of dairy cows during transition period
Towards more profitable and sustainable milk and beef production system
Emissions mitigation in New Zealand dairy farming : a delphi study
Participatory common learning in groups of dairy farmers in Uganda (FFS approach) and Danish stable schools
Some entrepreneurial characteristics and resource use on dairy farms in South Ostrobothnia, Finland in 2003 and 2009
Host-microbe interactions in bovine mastitis Staphylococcus epidermidis, Staphylococcus simulans and Streptococcus uberis
Summary: Risk and risk management in organic farming.
Summary.
Development of tools for the nutritional management of dairy cows on silage-based diets
Identification of genes controlling milk production in dairy cattle
From bush burn to butter : a journey in words and pictures
Changes in cereals and dairy policies in OECD countries : a model-based analysis
The effects of stall surfaces and milk yield on the lying behavior of dairy cow
Medium-run projections for greenhouse gas emissions arising from agriculture: the case of milk production in Estonia
"This book offers a comprehensive overview of the state of the art in sustainable dairy production, helping the industry to develop more sustainable dairy products, through new technologies, implementing life cycle analysis, and upgrading and optimization of their current production lines. It aims to stimulate process innovations, taking into account environmental, economic and public relations benefits for companies. Topics covered include: How to set up a sustainable production line How to quantify the carbon foot print of a dairy product by using life cycle analysis Current technologies to improve the carbon foot print What measures can be taken to reduce the global warming potential of the farm Reduction of water use in dairy production Marketing sustainable dairy products Bench marking of dairy products against other food products Potential future technological developments to improve the carbon foot print for the following decades "--
Dairy herd health and management : a guide for veterinarians and dairy professionals
Evaluation of dairy cooperative farms in the Arsi region of Ethiopia : a minor field study
Predicting economic optimum and nitrogen balance in the ley-ruminant system
Environmental aspects in primary milk production
Milk for health and wealth
Milk production in the ewe : proceedings of sessions of the Sheep & goat commission of the European association for animal production, Brussels, August 1978
ICAR 2006 : 35th ICAR Session and Interbull Meeting, Kuopio, Finland, 3nd - 10th June 2006 : final programme and technical presentations
Improving cost efficiency on finnish dairy farms
ValioPeople : [bringing taste to life - the Valio employee magazine]
Field balances of trace elements at the farm level on crop and dairy farms in Finland in 2004
Feeding of dairy cows and the quality of milk production in Meru area, Kenya
Protein and energy supply for high production of milk and meat : proceedings of a symposium of the Committee on agricultural problems of the Economic commission for Europe and the Food and agriculture organization, Geneva, Switzerland, 12-15 January 1981.
Recent advances in animal nutrition : 2003
Competitiveness of Dairy Farms In Northern Europe: A Cross-Country analysis
In order to respond to increasing global food demand and provide for national economic growth, the Estonian Dairy Strategy for 2012−2020 aims to achieve a 30% growth in milk production. At the same time, there is a global attempt to reduce greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions. This paper analyses the medium-term (2015−2020) projections for milk production and associated GHG emissions from dairy cows in Estonia. The FAPRI-GOLD type market model of Estonian agriculture, which is used for projections of agricultural production, was supplemented with a module that helps project GHG emissions. The paper demonstrates the endogenisation of GHG emission factors in a relatively general agricultural market model context. The results imply that increasing milk production by 30% by 2020 would jeopardise Estonia's commitments with regard to agricultural GHG emissions. However, the average GHG emission per tonne of produced milk will decline, thus reducing the “carbon footprint” of milk production.
Effects of fat supplementation in early lactation dairy cows
The effects of concentrate energy source on the milk production of dairy dows given a grass silage-based diet
Input substitution and technological development on Finnish dairy farms for 1965-1991 : empirical application on bookkeeping dairy farms
Economics & milking : a practical guide to a profitable dairy farm
Precision dairy farming 2016
Encyclopedia of dairy sciences
Because of the climatic conditions, the Finnish milk production research has focused to improve the utilisation of grassland, mainly as conserved forages. The main research areas have been ensiling, evaluation of the forage feeding value, predicting nutrient supply from grass silage-based diet and the effects of forage quality and concentrate supplementation on milk production responses. Due to changes in ensiling technologies and variety of forage crops new silage additives have been adopted. A centralized system for the analysis of forage energy value is based on NIRS calibration. It was calibrated against in vitro pepsin-cellulase solubility method that was validated against in vivo digestibility. The concentration of indigestible neutral detergent fibre was found to be a useful parameter both in empirical models predicting forage digestibility and mechanistic rumen models predicting the amounts of absorbed nutrients. Models predicting relative intake potential of forages and total diet were developed, and an intake model combining animal and diet effects independently of each other was developed. Using meta-analysis approaches a nutrient response model was developed for dairy cows for milk, energy corrected milk and protein yield.  Feed evaluation, intake and nutrient response models form now the basis of practical Finnish ration formulation system that can optimize diets according to maximum income over feed cost in addition to minimum feed cost.
Farms of northern Finland
Dairy today
Milk - the new cash crop? : a survey of small dairy farms in Rungwe district, Tanzania, 1986 : a report from two minor field studies
New views in cattle feeding : normal concentrates replaced by urea and hemicellulose syrup prepared from wood
The CAP reform : milk and milk products
Quantitative trait loci detection and benefits from marker-assisted selection in dairy cattle
Balanced feeding for improving livestock productivity : increase in milk production and nutrient use efficiency and decrease in methane emission
Milk quality
What will organic farming deliver? : COR 2006
A veterinary book for dairy farmers
Cooperative dairy development in Karnataka, India : an assessment
Trace elements in top- and subsoil on selected crop and dairy farms in Finland in 2004
Production control in Finnish agriculture : determinants of control policy and quantitative and economic efficiency of dairy restrictions
Regulation of milk production in cows selected for different milk fat content with special reference to transition periods
Finland : dairy sector & chain profile
