http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14574 space probes
space probes
Satellite perturbations in planetary rings
The new Rosetta targets : observations, simulations and instrument performances
Space Exploration
Exploring space : voyages in the solar system and beyond
Planetary Landers and Entry Probes
Science but not as we know it : cutting-edge concepts made simple
Hubble revisited : new images from the discovery machine
Mars: making contact
Multi-eruption solar energetic particle events observed by SOHO/ERNE
2001 : Building for Space Travel
Roving Mars : spirit, opportunity and the exploration of the red planet
"Phobos" : international project
Red moon rising : Sputnik and the rivalries that ignited the space age
George's cosmic treasure hunt
Hubble vision : astronomy with the Hubble Space Telescope
Studies on the microstructure of the solar wind
The mighty Mars rovers : the incredible adventures of spirit and opportunity
To rise from earth : a complete guide to spaceflight
Space Shuttle launch system 1972-2004.. 99
Towards Mars! : the new millenium brings more knowledge about planet Mars, our neighbour
Hubble : a new window to the universe
Spacecraft systems engineering
Hubble : 15 years of discovery
A history of space exploration : and its future..
Red moon rising : Sputnik and the hidden rivalries that ignited the Space Age
Towards Mars! Extra
Satellite communications systems : systems, techniques and technology
The behind-the-scenes story of the fierce battles on earth that launched the superpowers into space. Khrushchev was frustrated at America's U-2 spy plane, which flew too high to be shot down. But Russia's chief rocket designer, had an answer: an artificial satellite that would orbit the earth and cross American skies at will. The launch of Sputnik on October 4, 1957, stunned the world. Sputnik set in motion events that led not only to the moon landing but also to cell phones, federally guaranteed student loans, and the wireless Internet. Journalist Brzezinski takes us inside the Kremlin, the White House, secret military facilities, and the halls of Congress to bring to life the Russians and Americans who feared and distrusted their compatriots as much as their rivals.
Space exploration
Space machines
Multi-eruption solar energetic particle events observed by Soho/Erne
