http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14588 runestones
runestones
The Kensington Rune-Stone : authentic and important : a critical edition
The runic inscriptions of Maeshowe, Orkney
The viking-age rune-stones : custom and commemoration in early medieval Scandinavia
Viking language. Volume 1, Learn Old Norse, runes, and Icelandic sagas
Work and worship : laser scanner analysis of Viking Age rune stones
Viking language. Volume 2, The old norse reader
The recasting of a symbolic value : three case studies on rune stones
The Kensington runestone : approaching a research question holistically
Frisian runes and neighboring traditions : proceedings of the First International Symposium on Frisian Runes at the Fries Museum, Leeuwarden, 26-29 January 1994
Helrunar : a manual of rune magick
Sandstone runestones : the use of sandstone for erected runestones
The Viking-age rune-stones : custom and commemoration in early medieval Scandinavia
The Kensington rune-stone is genuine : linguistic, practical, methodogical considerations
Property and inheritance in Viking Scandinavia : the runic evidence
The part or the whole : cosmology as an empirical and analytical concept
The Valhalla prophecy
Runes and immigrants in America : the Kensington Stone, the world's Columbian exposition and Nordic identity
The story of writing
Abstract: Images of women and femininity.
On graphic variation in the older Futhark : reply to a review by Henrik Williams of my book On the origin and early history of the runic script
Runes and their origin : Denmark and elsewhere
Both one and many : essays on change and variety in late norse heathenism
Runes and their secrets : studies in runology
With summaries in English.
Viking Language 2: The Old Norse Reader (the 2nd book in the Viking Language Series) immerses the learner in Old Norse and Icelandic. Readings include a wealth of Old Norse myths, legends, complete Icelandic sagas, poems of the Scandinavian gods, runic inscriptions. There is a large vocabulary and a full reference grammar. Selections from Old Norse and rune texts range from the doom of the gods at the final battle Ragnarok to descriptions of the dwarves' gold and the ring that inspired Tolkien's Lord of the Rings, Wagner's Ring Cycle, and a host of modern fantasy.
Viking Language 1: Learn Old Norse, Runes, and Icelandic Sagas (the first book in the Viking Language Series) is a new introduction to Old Norse and Icelandic. The beginner has everything in one book: Graded lessons, reading passages, vocabulary, grammar exercises, and pronunciation. A full complement of maps, runic inscriptions and culture sections explore the civilization, legends, and myths of the Vikings. The lessons follow an innovative word frequency strategy, a method that speeds learning. Because the grammar of Modern Icelandic has changed so little from Old Norse, the learner is well on the way to mastering Modern Icelandic.
Proceedings of the Third International Symposium on Runes and Runic Inscriptions : Grindheim, Norway, 8-12 August 1990
The language of the oldest runic inscriptions : a linguistic and historical-philological analysis
