http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p145 prison camps
prison camps
The red scarf
Guantánamo bay: a human rights travesty : the human rights violations, violations of the prisoners' other rights and torture in Guantánamo bay according to international law
The Gulag archipelago 1918-1956 : an experiment in literary investigation. Volume 1
The long walk : the true story of a trek to freedom
Under two dictators : prisoner of Stalin and Hitler
Siberia : a history of the people
Crime control as industry : towards GULAGS, western style
1939-1945 : We have not forgotten = Nous n'avons pas oubliâe = Wir haben es nicht vergessen
Forgotten captives in Japanese-occupied Asia
The investigation
Time in the shadows : confinement in counterinsurgencies
Woman from Shanghai : tales of survival from a Chinese labor camp
The piano teacher
The Spanish holocaust : inquisition and extermination in twentieth-century Spain
Facing the extreme : moral life in the concentration camps
Terror was central to the Nazi regime, and the Nazi concentration camps were places of horror where prisoners were dehumanized and robbed of their dignity and where millions were murdered. How did prisoners cope with the brutal and degrading conditions of life within the camps? In this highly original book Maja Suderland takes the reader inside the concentration camps and examines the everyday social life of prisoners - their daily activities and routines, the social relationships and networks they created and the strategies they developed to cope with the harsh conditions and the brutality of the guards. Without overlooking the violence of the camps, the contradictions of camp life or the elusive complexity of the multicultural prisoner society, Suderland explores the hidden social practices that enabled prisoners to preserve their human dignity and create a sense of individuality and community despite the appalling circumstances. This remarkable account of social life in extreme conditions will be of great interest to students and scholars in history, sociology and the social sciences generally, as well as to a wider readership interested in the Holocaust and the concentration camps.
Spaniards in the Holocaust : Mauthausen, the horror on the Danube
The war behind the wire : the life, death and glory of British prisoners of war, 1914-18
The story of a little-known group of émigrés, Americans who went to Russia during the 1930s in the hope that the Communist promise of a better life was a reality--only to find xenophobia, paranoia and ultimately, in many cases, imprisonment or death in Stalin's Terror.
The Gulag archipelago 1918-1956 : an experiment in literary investigation. Volume 2
In the shadow of death : living outside the gates of Mauthausen
Martyrs of Magadan : memories of the Gulag
Sisters of War
Confronting captivity : Britain and the United States and their POWs in Nazi Germany
Barbed wire : a political history
Colditz : the definitive history
Prisoners of the Japanese : pows of the second world war in the Pasific
The survivor : an anatomy of life in the death camps
If this is a woman : inside Ravensbrück : Hitler's concentration camp for women
Shame and the captives
The evening chorus : a novel
The Guantánamo files : the stories of the 774 detainees in America's illegal prison
Guantánamo : why the illegal US base should be returned to Cuba
The Gulag archipelago 1918-1956 : an experiment in literary investigation. Volume 3
Just send me word : a true story of love and survival in the gulag
Guantanamo : if the light goes out
The diary of a Gulag prison guard
Detention and confinement—of both combatants and large groups of civilians—have become fixtures of asymmetric wars over the course of the last century. Counterinsurgency theoreticians and practitioners explain this dizzying rise of detention camps, internment centers, and enclavisation by arguing that such actions "protect" populations. In this book, Laleh Khalili counters these arguments, telling the story of how this proliferation of concentration camps, strategic hamlets, "security walls," and offshore prisons has come to be. Time in the Shadows investigates the two major liberal counterinsurgencies of our day: Israeli occupation of Palestine and the U.S. War on Terror. In rich detail, the book investigates Abu Ghraib, Guantánamo Bay, CIA black sites, the Khiam Prison, and Gaza, among others, and links them to a history of colonial counterinsurgencies from the Boer War and the U.S. Indian wars, to Vietnam, the British small wars in Malaya, Kenya, Aden and Cyprus, and the French pacification of Indochina and Algeria. Khalili deftly demonstrates that whatever the form of incarceration—visible or invisible, offshore or inland, containing combatants or civilians—liberal states have consistently acted illiberally in their counterinsurgency confinements. As our tactics of war have shifted beyond slaughter to elaborate systems of detention, liberal states have warmed to the pursuit of asymmetric wars. Ultimately, Khalili confirms that as tactics of counterinsurgency have been rendered more "humane," they have also increasingly encouraged policymakers to willingly choose to wage wars.
Stalin's British victim
Victims of Yalta
The Great Raid : suuri pelastusoperaatio
The Gulag Archipelago, 1918-1956
Siberian red
Private acts or public wrongs : private military contractors and state responsibility in the light of the abuses at Abu Ghraib
The forsaken : an American tragedy in Stalin's Russia
The First guidebook to prisons and concentration camps of the Soviet Union
The garden of evening mists
Gulag : a history
The narrow road to the deep North
Memories and silences : on the narrative of an Ingiran Gulag survivor
New ghosts old ghosts : prisons and labor reform camps in China
See no evil : literary cover-ups and discoveries of the Soviet camp experience
Return from the Archipelago : narratives of Gulag survivors
A world apart
Soviet prison camp speech : a survivor's glossary : supplement
Five years of my life : an innocent man in Guantanamo
Crimes and mercies : the fate of German civilians under Allied occupation, 1944-1950
The house of the dead : Siberian exile under the tsars
Japanese Americans : from relocation to redress
Private Markets, Fashion Trends, Prison Camps, Dissenters and Defectors. North Korea is one of the most troubled societies on earth. The country's 24 million people live under a violent dictatorship led by a single family, which relentlessly pursues the development of nuclear arms, which periodically incites risky military clashes with the larger, richer, liberal South, and which forces each and every person to play a role in the "theater state" even as it pays little more than lip service to the wellbeing of the overwhelming majority. With this deeply anachronistic system eventually failed in the 1990s, it triggered a famine that decimated the countryside and obliterated the lives of many hundreds of thousands of people. However, it also changed life forever for those who survived. A lawless form of marketization came to replace the iron rice bowl of work in state companies, and the Orwellian mind control of the Korean Workers' Party was replaced for many by dreams of trade and profit. A new North Korea Society was born from the horrors of the era one that is more susceptible to outside information than ever before with the advent of k-pop and video-carrying USB sticks. This is the North Korean society that is described in this book. In seven fascinating chapters the authors explore what life is actually like in modern North Korea today for the ordinary "man and woman on the street." They interview experts and tap a broad variety of sources to bring a startling new insider's view of North Korean society from members of Pyongyang's ruling families to defectors from different periods and regions, to diplomats and NGOs with years of experience in the country, to cross-border traders from neighboring China, and textual accounts appearing in English, Korean and Chinese sources. The resulting stories reveal the horror as well as the innovation and humor which abound in this fascinating country
Katyn : a crime without punishment
Kolyma : the arctic death camps
The Gulag archipelago 1918-1956 : an experiment in literary investigation
The Colditz myth : British and commonwealth prisoners of war in Nazi Germany
Escape - or die : authentic stories of the R. A. F. escaping society
Surviving the Soviet meat grinder : the politics of Finnish Gulag memoirs
Barbed wire studio : an artist prisoner - 1940-45
The secret speech
POW : allied prisoners in Europe, 1939-1945
If this is a woman : inside Ravensbrück: Hitler's concentration camp for women
Delicious Foods : a novel
The first circle
The economics of forced labor : the Soviet Gulag
The way back
Gulag town, company town : forced labor and its legacy in Vorkuta
The Colonel of Tamarkan: Philip Toosey and the Bridge on the River Kwai
Till my tale is told : women's memoirs of the Gulag
Kl : a history of the Nazi concentration camps
Kane and Abel
One day in the life of Ivan Denisovich
Eye of the Red Tsar
Labor camp socialism : the Gulag in the Soviet totalitarian system
Australia's forgotten prisoners : civilians interned by the Japanese in World War Two
Inside concentration camps : social life at the extremes
Britain's Gulag : the brutal end of empire in Kenya
White nights : the story of a prisoner in Russia
Alexander Dolgun's story : an American in the Gulag
The last flight
Life on the death railway : the memoirs of a British prisoner of war
Long neglected by European historians, the unspeakable atrocities of Franco's Spain are finally brought to tragic light in this definitive work by Paul Preston, the world's foremost historian of 20th-century Spain
Chil Rajchman, a Polish Jew, was twenty-eight years old when he was arrested in October 1942 and sent to Treblinka, a death camp where more than 750,000 Jews were murdered before it was abandoned by German soldiers. This is an unembellished and exact record of the raw horror he endured every day in the camp.
The devil's rope : a cultural history of barbed wire
POW baseball in World War II : the national pastime behind barbed wire
Reassessing the Japanese prisoner of war experience : the Changhi POW camp in Singapore, 1942-5
Auschwitz : how many perished Jews, Poles, Gypsies ..
The man who broke into Auschwitz
Escape from Camp 14 : one man's remarkable odyssey from North Korea to freedom in the west
On a sunny morning in May 1939 a phalanx of 800 women - housewives, doctors, opera singers, politicians, prostitutes - were marched through the woods fifty miles north of Berlin, driven on past a shining lake, then herded through giant gates. Whipping and kicking them were scores of German female guards. Their destination was Ravensbrück, a concentration camp designed specifically for women by Heinrich Himmler, prime architect of the Nazi genocide. For decades the story of Ravensbrück was hidden behind the Iron Curtain and it remains little little known. Using testimony unearthed since the end of the Cold War and interviews with survivors who have never spoken before, Helm has ventured into the heart of the camp, demonstrating for the reader in riveting detail how easily and quickly the unthinkable horror evolved.
North Korea confidential : private markets, fashion trends, prison camps, dissenters and defectors
The Abu Ghraib investigations : the official reports of the independent panel and Pentagon on the shocking prisoner abuse in Iraq
House of meetings
President of Lithuania: prisoner of the gulag : A biography of Aleksanras Stulginskis
Spirit house
Death and redemption : the Gulag and the shaping of Soviet society
City of savages
Nightmare of the innocents
Stalin's slave ships : Kolyma, the Gulag fleet, and the role of the West
Last traces : the lost art of Auschwitz
Treblinka : a survivor's memory, 1942-1943
Bloodlands : Europe between Hitler and Stalin
Sixteen years in the land of death
Merry Christmas Mr. Lawrence
The midwife
Smashed in the USSR : fear, loathing and vodka on the steppes
Laogai, the Chinese Gulag
The little school : tales of disappearance and survival in Argentina
The prisoner of Guantanamo
Witness to Jasenovac's hell
Convict maids : the forced migration of women to Australia
Habeas corpus after 9/11 : confronting America's new global detention system
Encyclopedia of genocide. Vol. 2, I-Y
Gulag voices : an anthology
The Gulag archipelago 1918-1956 : An experiment in literary investigation
I was a slave in Russia
The great terror : Stalin's purge of the thirties
Hitler's prisons : legal terror in Nazi Germany
Tvorčestvo i byt GULAGa : katalog muzejnogo sobraniâ Obŝestva "Memorial" = Art and Life in the Gulag : "Memorial" Society Museum Catalogue
The least worst place : how Guantanamo became the world's most notorious prison
