http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1453 insurance institutions
insurance institutions
Risk : evaluation, management and sharing
A customer view on the most preferred alliance structure between banks and insurance companies
Foundations of financial markets and institutions
The Finnish leadership style in transition : a study of leadership criteria in the insurance business, 1977-2004
Linkages of financial groups in the European Union : financial conglomeration developments in the old and new member states
Kelan tilastollinen vuosikirja 2014 = FPA:s statistiska årsbok 2014 = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution 2014.
Summary: Report on risks in Finland's employment pension system.
Insurance companies as major investors are a potential source of systemic risk
Kansaneläkelaitoksen tilastollinen vuosikirja = Folkpensionsanstaltens statistiska årsbok = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution, Finland. 2000
Abstract.
Reward strategy in Chinese insurance companies
Insurance supervision in Finland
Pohjola-yhtiöiden taidetta = Konst i Pohjola-bolagens ägo = Art of the Pohjola group
The Social Insurance Institution pocket statistics
English summary: Social protection in Finland and the role of the Social Insurance Institution (Kela).
Finnish financial markets 2002
Kansaneläkelaitoksen tilastollinen vuosikirja 2001 = Folkpensionsanstaltens statistika årsbok 2001 = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution 2001.
Manager and civil servant : exploring actors' taken-for-granted assumptions in public administration
Kansaneläkelaitoksen tilastollinen vuosikirja = Folkpensionsanstaltens statistiska årsbok = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution, Finland. 1995.
Five decades of social security : The Social Insurance Institution of Finland 1937-1987
Kansaneläkelaitoksen tilastollinen vuosikirja = FPAs statistiska årsbok = Statistical yearbook of the Social insurance institution. 2006
Devising consumption : cultural economies of insurance, credit and spending
Reinventing financial services : what consumers expect from future banks and insurers
Summary: Memorandum (Final report) of the Working Group Investigating the Significance of Non-Institutional and Institutional Care.
Finlands affärsfirmor = Suomen liiketoiminimet = Finnish business firms. 2-4, Åbo ; Tampere ; Viipuri
At the beginning of 2016, a new life and non-life insurance company solvency regulation was launched in EU, the so-called Solvency II regime. In the new regulation, both assets and liabilities of insurance companies are valued at market terms. The timing of the reform is awkward for the companies, as low interest rates and economic uncertainty burden company solvency..
Innovations and institutions : an institutional perspective on the innovative efforts of banks and insurance companies
Codification CEA : des directives européennes sur l'assurance = CEA codification : of european insurance directives
Kansaneläkelaitoksen aktuaaritoiminta = Actuarial work at the Social Insurance Institution (SII)
Optimal investment for a pension insurer with solvency constraints in a one-period diffusion model
Kansaneläkelaitoksen tilastollinen vuosikirja 1997 = Folkpensionsanstaltens statistika årsbok 1997 = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution 1997.
Marketing financial services
Kelan tilastollinen vuosikirja 2007 = FPAs statistiska årsbok 2007 = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution 2007.
Industrial economics studies in insurance markets
The Mutual Insurance Company Tarmo 1832-1957
Transactions of the 23rd International Congress of Actuaries : Helsinki, Finland 11-16 July 1988 = Comptes rendus du 23e congrès international d'actuaires : Helsinki, Finlande, 11-16 juillet 1988 = Berichte des 23. internationalen Kongresses der Versicherungsmathematiker : Helsinki, Finnland, 11.-16. Juli 1988.
Financial markets and institutions
Kelan tilastollinen vuosikirja 2009 = FPAs statistiska årsbok 2009 = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution 2009.
Protecting and indemnity club : rules
Distributive trade, services and transport : monthly
Kansaneläkelaitoksen tilastollinen vuosikirja 2002 = Folkpensionsanstaltens statistika årsbok 2002 = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution 2002.
Contract and tort law : twenty cases from Finnish Supreme Court
The financial sector in Bulgaria
Kelan tilastollinen vuosikirja 2010 = FPAs statistiska årsbok 2010 = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution 2010.
Policy issues in insurance = Aspects fondamentaux des assurances
Human resources and corporate strategy : technological change in banks and insurance companies : France, Germany, Japan, Sweden, United States
The internal market for financial services : what has been done and what remains to be done
Kansaneläkelaitoksen tilastollinen vuosikirja 1999 = Folkpensionsanstaltens statistika årsbok 1999 = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution 1999.
Financial integration in Europe
Capital adequacy regulation and financial conglomerates
Alliance strategies in the service sector : an analysis of international alliances of Finnish insurance companies
European financial markets and institutions
Key account acquisition and retention in the United Kingdom private medical insurance market : case study: AXA PPP healthcare
Risk management : challenge and opportunity
Modern financial markets and institutions : a practical perspective
Insurance companies on the move : from Skandia to the Skandia group, 1855-1980
Kansaneläkelaitoksen tilastollinen vuosikirja 2004 = Folkpensionsanstaltens statistika årsbok 2004 = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution 2004.
Committee and managers : class IV - Protection and indemnitb freight, demurrage and defence ..
Kelan tilastollinen vuosikirja 2012 = FPAs statistiska årsbok 2012 = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution 2012.
Kelan tilastollinen vuosikirja 2011 = FPAs statistiska årsbok 2011 = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution 2011.
Reform of insurance sector regulation
The efficiency implications of financial conglomeration
Kelan tilastollinen vuosikirja 2013 = FPA:s statistiska årsbok 2013 = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution 2013.
Kelan tilastollinen vuosikirja 2008 = FPAs statistiska årsbok 2008 = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution 2008.
Kansaneläkelaitoksen tilastollinen vuosikirja = FPAs statistiska årsbok = Statistical yearbook of the Social insurance institution. 2005
Costly policies : state regulation and antitrust exemption in insurance markets
Risk management and insurances : basic concepts
Introduction to P. & I. insurance
Banking and insurance in the EC
Making a market for acts of God : the practice of risk-trading in the global reinsurance industry
Financial system risk resilience and structural risks
English summary.
Kansaneläkelaitoksen tilastollinen vuosikirja = FPAs statistiska årsbok = Statistical yearbook of the Social insurance institution. 2015
Russian insurance industry and its future challenges
Insurance companies promote economic activity by offering savings products and protection against risks. At the same time, insurance companies themselves are also investors. The reliability of insurance business is important for the economy as a whole. The low level of interest rates weakens insurance companies' investment returns and increases the market value of liabilities in the sector; when protracted, this poses problems, particularly for life insurers. Systemic risks in the insurance business have begun to attract attention, especially in consideration of insurance companies' importance as significant institutional investors..
Risk management and financial institutions
50-vuotias KELA sosiaaliturvalaitoksena = Social Insurance Institution - fifty years of social insurance
Kansaneläkelaitoksen tilastollinen vuosikirja 2003 = Folkpensionsanstaltens statistika årsbok 2003 = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution 2003.
International dictionary of finance
