http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14546 sickness insurance
sickness insurance
Suomen lääketilasto. 2007 = Finnish statistics on medicines
Estonian dentists' motivation to prevent and treat dental diseases of children and adolescent patients
Kansaneläkelaitoksen tilastollinen vuosikirja = Folkpensionsanstaltens statistiska årsbok = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution, Finland. 2000
Suomen lääketilasto. 2010 / Finnish Medicines Agency Fimea and Social Insurance Institution
Suomen lääketilasto = Finnish statistics on medicines 2012.
"The growth in private health care for the middle classes has resulted in deeply segregated and unequal health care, with poor people being relegated to under-resourced and unresponsive public systems, and wealthy minorities receiving world-class treatment at very high prices. This book examines the scope for health care reform in South Africa and Zimbabwe. Both countries are undergoing significant attempts at reforming inequitable, private sector-dominated, health care systems in the context of fragile, negotiated, social settlements. In South Africa, the government is moving towards introducing a national health insurance scheme that holds the historic promise of introducing social solidarity and effective health care for all its citizens. However, key aspects of the proposed scheme remain unresolved and need to be widely debated. In Zimbabwe, mandatory national health insurance has been discussed for decades without any conclusion being reached or a system implemented. This option needs to be revisited as the economy stabilizes and confidence in governance improves. Based on extensive research, the contributors to this volume examine health care reform in historical context, analyze the views of key stakeholders, and reflect on current proposals for better health financing and more people-centered health systems, based on the principles of universality and social solidarity. Universal Health in Southern Africa is essential reading for academics, health professionals, and policy makers concerned with the historical, ideological, and institutional background to the current policy debate on the commercialization of health care and proposed alternatives, such as a national health system"--Back cover.
Epidemic of care : a call for safer, better, and more accountable health care
Chernobyl effects and dental insurance
Determinants of disability pension incidence
Essays on international health economics : the role of health insurance in health care financing in low- and middle-income countries
The Brooklyn follies
Essays on international health economics : the role of health insurance in health care financing in low- and middle-income contries
Suomen lääketilasto. 2008 = Finnish statistics on medicines
Suomen lääketilasto = Finnish statistics on medicines. 2012
Suomen lääketilasto = Finnish statistics on medicines. 2014
Suomen lääketilasto = Finnish statistics on medicines. 2015
Social security in Australia : the development of Social Security and Health Benefits from 1900 to the present
Public services and the European Union : healthcare, health insurance and education services
The significance of national health insurance on access to health care delivery : case study (Ghana, Techiman Municipality)
Suomen lääketilasto 2009 = Finnish statistics on medicines 2009.
Sickness insurance : design and behavior
Health insurance
Kansaneläkelaitoksen tilastollinen vuosikirja 1993 = Folkpensionsanstaltens statistiska årsbok 1993 = Statistical yearbook of the social insurance institution 1993. 1993.
The politics of social rights : studies on the dimensions of sickness insurance in OECD countries
Kelan tilastollinen vuosikirja 2014= FPAs statistiska årsbok 2014 = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution 2014.
"This book celebrates Professor Pauli Kettunen on his sixtieth birthday. In Pauli Kettunen's scholarship as well as in this collection, history meets social sciences in a manner that render distinctions between the two unnecessary. This book challenges simplistic views to history as 'a background' or 'development', opening up sophisticated perspectives to many up-to-date debates on, for instance, nationalism and globalization or the Nordic welfare models."--Takakansi.
Kelan tilastollinen vuosikirja 2013 = FPA:s statistiska årsbok 2013 = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution 2013.
Suomen lääketilasto. 2010 = Finnish statistics on medicines
Summary: SII news: drug reimbursements up by 2% in 1998.
Effects of changing government policies on sickness absence behaviour
Suomen lääketilasto. 2011 / Finnish Medicines Agency Fimea and Social Insurance Institution
Multi-layered historicity of the present : approaches to social science history
Health policy : an introduction to process and power
Medicare and medicaid claims and procedures. Vol. 1 : sections 1 to 609
Universal health care in southern Africa : policy contestation in health system reform in South Africa and Zimbabwe
Suomen lääketilasto. 2009 / Finnish Medicines Agency Fimea and Social Insurance Institution
Suomen lääketilasto. 2005 / Finnish statistics on medicines / National Agency for Medicines and Social Insurance Institution
The Social Insurance Institution pocket statistics
Health service use and health status under national sickness insurance : an evaluation resurvey of Finland
The Brooklyn follies : a novel
Does sick absence increase the risk of unemployment?
Social policy and health insurance in South Korea and Taiwan : a comparative historical approach
Antoine meets Natalie, the woman of his dreams. They have two children and Antoine thrives in his work for an insurance company, investigating claims to reduce his firm's pay-outs. But soon Natalie drifts away from him, beginning an affair, and Antoine loses his job when he lets his heart overrule his head.
Summary: Drug reimbursements grew by 6,2 % during the first half of 1999.
Health economics
Kansaneläkelaitoksen tilastollinen vuosikirja 2001 = Folkpensionsanstaltens statistika årsbok 2001 = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution 2001.
Summary (s. 11-15).
Five decades of social security : The Social Insurance Institution of Finland 1937-1987
Kansaneläkelaitoksen tilastollinen vuosikirja 1994 = Folkpensionsanstaltens statistiska årsbok 1994 = Statistical yearbook of the social insurance institution, Finland 1994.
Healthcare payment systems : fee schedule payment system
Suomen lääketilasto = Finnish statistics on medicines. 2013
To work or not to work? : a social dilemma analysis of health insurance
Planning and evaluation of national health insurance in Finland
Health care reform : learning from international experience
Special issue on 50 years of European social security coordination
Key account acquisition and retention in the United Kingdom private medical insurance market : case study: AXA PPP healthcare
Suomen lääketilasto. 2004 / Finnish statistics on medicines / National Agency for Medicines and Social Insurance Institution
Kansaneläkelaitoksen tilastollinen vuosikirja = FPAs statistiska årsbok = Statistical yearbook of the Social insurance institution. 2006
Commitment problems justify subsidies for medical insurance
Kansaneläkelaitoksen tilastollinen vuosikirja 1997 = Folkpensionsanstaltens statistika årsbok 1997 = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution 1997.
Brazil : strengthening governance for growth
Suomen lääketilasto 2011 = Finnish statistics on medicines 2011
Suomen lääketilasto 2007 = Finnish statistics on medicines 2007
Summary: SII news: drug reimbursements up by nearly ten per cent in 1997.
Kansaneläkelaitoksen tilastollinen vuosikirja = Folkpensionsanstaltens statistiska årsbok = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution, Finland. 1995.
Compensation for personal injury in Sweden and other countries
Narratives and numbers : politics in the making of sickness insurance in Finland
The politics of universalism : the case of Finnish sickness insurance
Suomen lääketilasto. 2006 / Finnish statistics on medicines / National Agency for Medicines and Social Insurance Institution
Communicating justice providing legitimacy : the legal practices of Swedish administrative courts in cases regarding sickness cash benefit
Chernobyl effects and dental insurance ; Optimal insurance : an application to Swedish dental insurance in 1993
Kelan tilastollinen vuosikirja 2012 = FPAs statistiska årsbok 2012 = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution 2012.
Suomen lääketilasto. 2008 / Finnish statistics on medicines / National Agency for Medicines and Social Insurance Institution
Summary: Occurence and costs of asthma are increasing.
Empirical studies on health insurance, employment of immigrants and the gender wage gap
Sick of being unemployed? : interactions between unemployment and sickness insurance in Sweden
Summary: Being ill on the labor market.
Musculoskeletal disorders and physical strain among food factory workers
Health insurance schemes for people outside formal sector employment
National social insurance - not the whole picture : supplementary compensation in case of loss of income
Japanese health insurance systems during the allied occupation from international affairs perspective
Properties of actuarially-fair and pay-as-you-go health insurance schemes for the elderly : an OLG model approach
We only saw happiness
Improving the accessibility of pediatric dental care : review study
Kansaneläkelaitoksen tilastollinen vuosikirja = FPAs statistiska årsbok = Statistical yearbook of the Social insurance institution. 2005
Working-class patients and the medical establishment : self-help in Britain from the mid-nineteenth century to 1948
Health surveys in the planning and implementation of sickness insurance in Finland
Suomen lääketilasto. 2007 / Finnish statistics on medicines / National Agency for Medicines and Social Insurance Institution
English summary.
The welfare state as piggy bank : information, risk, uncertainty and the role of the state
Kelan tilastollinen vuosikirja 2013 = FPAs statistiska årsbok 2013 = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution 2013.
Suomen lääketilasto 2010 = Finnish statistics on medicines 2010
Essays on sharing, management and evaluation of health risks
Essays on sickness insurance, absence certification and social norms
Studies in health insurance and econometrics
Kelan tilastollinen vuosikirja 2014 = FPA:s statistiska årsbok 2014 = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution 2014.
Impact of dental insurance on adults' oral health care in Tehran, Iran
Evaluating social programs : active labor market policies and social insurance
Financing health care in the 1990s
Health politics : interests and institutions in Western Europe
