http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14579 tissue paper
tissue paper
The giant's loo roll
This study was a part of a project investigating energy efficiency in tissue   manufacturing. The project is being executed by Karlstad University Department of Chemical Engineering in collaboration with Metsä Tissue, Metso Paper and Södra.   Enzymatic treatment is a possible fibre treatment, which could reduce the energy   needed in refining, as well as provide fibres with suitable properties for the final product while reducing the energy needed for drying.     The objective of this bachelor's thesis was to research if enzymatic treatment of chemi-thermomechanical pulp fibres has any effect on the beatability and water retention   value. These properties can be correlated to energy consumption in the manufacturing process. The purpose of this bachelor's thesis was to find a suitable enzyme for this   research, plan an appropriate experimental arrangement and carry out the laboratory experiments. The experimental laboratory work included researching the effects of   enzyme concentration and moderate refining on water retention value of the fibres. This bachelor's thesis includes both qualitative and quantitative features.     The research was carried out at Karlstad University, Sweden. The preparation of pulp samples included enzyme treatment with the chosen endoglucanase and PFI mill   treatment. The samples were investigated by measuring the water retention value (WRV) using the standardized method. The results suggest that enzymatic treatment has a positive effect on refining and the water retention value. These are promising results for the energy economy. Choosing the enzyme was a part of this study and this selection process is described in the thesis as well. The trade name of the enzyme used in the   research is confidential.     This preliminary study encourages further research. That could be run for example with a few different enzymes, using different enzyme dosages and retention times and   different pulps that are used in tissue manufacturing. It would be beneficial to find the most efficient and inexpensive way to treat fibres with enzymes. It is also   important to investigate the physical fibre properties after enzymatic treatment. The results of this study were so encouraging that it would be interesting to scale them up to pilot mill trials.
Nokian paperi : Georgia-Pacific Nordic oy, 1865-2005
Make your own dinosaurs
Enzymatic treatment of chemi-thermomechanical pulp
The purpose of this thesis was to produce two value-related product studies: a cost-in-use product research and an image research, for the tissue manufacturer Georgia-Pacific Nordic Oy. The subject of the thesis was topical as the Lotus Professional product family had recently been renewed. Studies of these kinds had not been done for several years and had not been done at all for the current products. The studies were meant to support the sales, marketing and product development of Lotus Professional products. The theoretical framework consists of literature on marketing research, cost-in-use research and value-based marketing. These sections enlighten the research methods and help understanding how to take advantage of the findings. Altogether eight kitchen tissue products were tested in a fast food restaurant kitchen in the city centre of Tampere in the summer of 2010. Tests covered seven of Georgia-Pacific's own Lotus Professional products and a Metsä Tissue Katrin product, which was in use in the restaurant at that time.  The cost-in-use study was carried out as an observation research, which measured the disparities between the consumption of these eight products. In a separate survey the employees of the same restaurant were asked about different features of kitchen tissues that they value. These studies did not address the issue of product pricing. The studies gave quite parallel information about the rank order of the test objects. It seemed that small consumption volumes go along with the positive images that the products evoke. Small consumption is, in fact, also one of the most valued qualities of kitchen tissue products.
Analysis of brand positioning strategy process : Case: lambi - brand in Poland
Biological and chemical characterisation of an effluent from production of deinked pulp and tissue
Indie craft
Value-related tissue product studies : Georgia-Pacific Nordic Oy
Soft tissue is going strong, in spite of the recession
Enzymatic Treatment of Chemi-Thermomechanical Pulp
A Finnish-Japanese small giant with specialty production
Papermaking science and technology. Book 18, Paper and board grades
Quality characterization of tissue and newsprint paper based on image measurements : possibilities of on-line imaging
