http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14598 Adventism
Adventism
Adventists in Russia
Christian millenarianism : from the early church to Waco
The World of Ellen G. White
Valuegenesis : ten years later : a study of two generations
Caring and curing : health and medicine in the Western religious traditions
So much in common : documents of interest in the conversations between the World Council of Churches and the Seventh-Day Adventist Church
Religion as a social determinant of public health
Ellen G. White. Volume 3, The lonely years, 1876-1891
Ellen G. White. Volume 4, The Australian years, 1891-1900
Lutherans and Adventists in conversation : report and papers presented 1994-1998
Intergenerational transfer of sabbath observance : how is religious tradition transferred to children among Finnish seventh-day adventists?
The Variety of American evangelicalism
Ellen G. White in Europe : prepared from Ellen G. White papers and European historical sources
The advent hope for human hopelessness : a theological study of the meaning of the second advent for today
Ellen G. White. Volume 5, The early Elmshaven years, 1900-1905
The Seventh Day : the story of the Seventh-Day Adventists
Ellen G. White and the Seventh-Day Adventist Church
1844 and the shut door problem
Pathways to heaven : contesting mainline and fundamentalist Christianity in Papua New Guinea
Interchurch and interfaith relations : seventh-day adventist statements and documents
The four major cults : Christian Science, Jehovah's Witnesses, Mormonism, Seventh-day Adventism
Ellen G. White. Volume 2, The Progressive years, 1826-1876
Testimonies for the church
Holistic spirituality in the thinking of Ellen White
The great controversy
Ellen G. White. Volume 6, The later Elmshaven years, 1905-1915
Prophetess of health : a study of Ellen G. White
The (new, illustrated) great controversy
The end of historicism : Millerite hermeneutic of time prophecies in the Old Testament
Adventists and Lutherans in conversation : report of the bilateral conversations between the Lutheran World Federation and the Seventh-day Adventist Church 1994-1998 = Adventisten und Lutheraner im Gespräch = Adventistes et luthériens en conversation
Ellen G. White. Volume 1, The early years, 1827-1862
Outline studies from the Testimonies
J.N. Andrews, the man and the mission
Diet, life expectancy, and chronic disease : studies of Seventh-Day Adventists and other vegetarians
Statements, guidelines & other documents : a compilation
Growing up in affiliation with a religious community : a case study of Seventh-Day Adventist youth in Finland
Ministry : international journal for pastors
Comprehensive index to the writings of Ellen G. White
Seventh-Day Adventists answer questions on doctrine : an explanation of certain major aspects of Seventh-Day Adventists belief
