http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14567 predators
predators predatory animals
Catalogue of Mammalia in the Indian Museum, Calcutta. Part 2, Rodentia, Ungulata, Proboscidea, Hyracoidea, Carnivora, Cetacea, Sirenia, Marsupialia, Monotremata
NJF seminar 479 : Reindeer herding and land use management - Nordic perspectives : 20-21 October 2014, Arctic Centre, University of Lapland, Rovaniemi, Finland
Spiders and other deadly animals
Prehistoric animals
Deadly animals : savage encounters between man and beast
Beautiful beasts : a collection of creatures past and present
The effect of prey resources on evolutionary and ecological dynamics of prey (Serratia marcescens) and predator (Tetrahymena thermophila)
Mammals of the Soviet Union. Vol. 2, P. 1b, Carnivora (Weasels. Additional species)
The beast
Mortality and survival of semi-domesticated reindeer (Rangifer tarandus tarandus L.) calves in northern Finland
Predator-prey relationships : perspectives and approaches from the study of lower vertebrates
A new era for wolves and people : wolf recovery, human attitudes, and policy
Little Mouse's big book of beasts
Vicious : wolves and men in America
Predator-prey dynamics : the role of olfaction
Genetic structure of the brown bears (Ursus arctos) in Northern Europe
Deadly predators
Suurpedot Pohjois-Karjalassa : pohjoiskarjalaisten luonnonkäyttäjien kokemuksia suurpedoista = Large terrestrial carnivores in North Karelia : experiences of North Karelian nature-users concerning large terrestrial carnivores
Aggressive predators : fierce little fur balls you've never heard of
In 1764 a peasant girl was killed and partially eaten while tending sheep. Eventually, over a hundred victims fell prey to a mysterious creature whose deadly efficiency mesmerized Europe. Monsters of the Gevaudan revisits this spellbinding tale and offers the definitive explanation for its mythic status in French folklore.
Monster of God : the man-eating predator in the jungles of history and the mind
The carnivore way : coexisting with and conserving North America's predators
When wolves were eliminated from Yellowstone National Park the natural system was out of balance. Shows the return of the wolves to the park and the natural balance being restored.
The book of Indian animals
Mammals of the Soviet Union. Vol. 2, Pt. 1a, Sirenia and Carnivora (Sea cows, wolves and bears)
Mammals of the U.S.S.R. and adjacent countries. Vol. 3, Carnivora (Fissipedia and Pinnipedia)
Deadly factbook. Reptiles and amphibians
Wolves
Att leva i björnland : A guide to brown bear country
The wolf : the ecology and behaviour of an endangered species
Deadly! : the truth about the most dangerous creatures on earth
Alligators & crocodiles : a portrait of the animal world
Deadly instinct
Aspects of carnivoran evolution in Africa
Carnivore behavior, ecology, and evolution
The Carnivora of the Hagerman local fauna (late Pliocene) of southwestern Idaho
Metsä liikkuu = The forest is on the move = Skogen rör sig = Der Wald bewegt sich
The Hunters
Small carnivores and prey population dynamics in summer
People and predators : from conflict to coexistence
Little mouse's big book of fears
Evaluation of the finnish national policy on large carnivores
Distribution and status of small and medium-sized carnivores in Latvia
Traditional sheep keeping on Estonian and Finnish coast and islands
When the wolves returned : restoring nature's balance in Yellowstone
Polar Bears
Monsters of the Gévaudan : the making of a beast
Virus infections of carnivores
Sea monsters : a prehistoric adventure
Small-scale spatial patterns of preadaceous stream insects : effects of the availability and distribution of a semi-sessile prey
My little book of sharks
Structure of short-cyclic fluctuations in numbers of mammals and birds in the northern parts of the northern hemisphere
Predators : the whole tooth-and-claw story
Deadly powers : animal predators and the mythic imagination
Beachcombers, landlubbers and able seemen : effects of marine subsidies on roles of arthropod predators in coastal food webs
Wolves : a portrait of the animal world
II North European Symposium on the Ecology of Small and Medium-sized Carnivores, Lammi, Finland, 8 - 11 April, 1994 : abstracts
Does predator wariness enable novel colour morphs to survive in a prey population?
Mysteries of the wild. 2
Abstracts and presentations : The 15th Nordic Conference on Reindeer and Reindeer Husbandry Research : Luleå, 26th-29th January 2009
Predation risk shaping individual behaviour, life histories and species interactions in small mammals
In Evolution, players adapt their species in a dynamic ecosystem where food is scarce and predators lurk. Traits like Hard Shell and Horns will protect your species from Carnivores, while a Long Neck will help them get food that others cannot reach. With over 4,000 ways to evolve your species, every game becomes a different adventure
Mammals of Eastern Europe and Northern Asia. Vol. 2, Carnivora (Fissipedia)
Fossil history of the panther (Puma concolor) and the cheetah-like cat (Miracinonyx inexpectatus) in Florida
Dark heresy creatures anathema: roleplaying in the grim darkness of the 41st millennium
The tiger : a true story of vengeance and survival
Powerful Polar Bears
Kasvokkain Rob Bredlin kanssa = Survival of the fittest : face to face with Australian animals
II North European Symposium on the Ecology of Small and Medium-sized Carnivores, Lammi, Finland, 8-11 April, 1994
The Carnivora of the Palestine caves
That's deadly!
Predation by golden eagle Aquila chrysaetos on semi-domesticated reindeer Rangifer tarandus calves in northeastern Finnish Lapland
Brown bears : wildlife paradise
Explore the deadly world of bugs, snakes, spiders, crocodiles and hundreds of other amazing reptiles and insects : the dramatic lives and conflicts of the world's strangest creatures shown in 1500 amazing close-up photographs
Reproduction in dogs, cats and exotic carnivores : proceedings of the Third International Symposium on Canine and Feline Reproduction, Veldhoven, The Netherlands, hosted by the University of Utrecht, September 1996
The comparative ecology of bobcat, black bear, and Florida panther in South Florida
Little mouse's big book of beasts
Estimating cost functions for the four large carnivores in Sweden
Handbook of the mammals of the world. Vol. 1, Carnivores
Large carnivores and the conservation of biodiversity
Explore the deadly world of bugs, snakes, spiders, crocodiles : and hundreds of other amazing reptiles and insects : the dramatic lives and conflicts of the world's strangest creatures shown in 1500 amazing close-up photographs
Deadly animals
Deadly factbook. Mammals
Habitat use and population dynamics of brown bears (Ursus arctos) in Scandinavia
Age-dependent responses to alarm calls depend on foraging activity in Willow Tits Poecile montanus
Transdisciplinary wildlife management : the XVI Nordic Congress of Wildlife Research, Arctic Centre, Rovaniemi, Finland, May 31-June 3, 2016 : Abstracts
The red hourglass : lives of the predators
In The Carnivore Way, Cristina Eisenberg argues compellingly for the necessity of top predators in large, undisturbed landscapes, and how a continental-long corridor - a "carnivore way" - provides the room they need to roam and connected landscapes that allow them to disperse. Eisenberg follows the footsteps of six large carnivores - wolves, grizzly bears, lynx, jaguars, wolverines, and cougars - on a 7,500-mile wildlife corridor from Alaska to Mexico along the Rocky Mountains. Backed by robust science, she shows how their well-being is a critical factor in sustaining healthy landscapes and how it is possible for humans and large carnivores to coexist peacefully and even to thrive.--
Management of large carnivores in Estonia
The illustrated encyclopedia of predators
