http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14587 certificates (computing)
certificates (computing)
ISA server 2004 unleashed
Wireless security essentials : defending mobile systems from data piracy
Counterterrorism and cybersecurity : total information awareness
Information security governance simplified : from the boardroom to the keyboard
Modern cryptanalysis : techniques for advanced code breaking
Internet security made easy
The best damn Windows Server 2008 book period
Cryptography : theory and practice
Abstract: RFID Linux authentication.
Digital watermarking and steganography : fundamentals and techniques
Abstract:.
Information Doesn't Want to Be Free takes on the state of copyright and creative success in the digital age. Can small artists still thrive in the Internet era? Can giant record labels avoid alienating their audiences? This is a book about the pitfalls and the opportunities that creative industries (and individuals) are confronting today -- about how the old models have failed or found new footing, and about what might soon replace them. Information Doesn't Want to Be Free offers a guide to the ways creativity and the Internet interact today, and to what might be coming next.
Digital privacy : theory, technologies, and practices
Administration of securid users in Luvata virtual private network
Network security : know it all
The law of electronic agents : legal contributions to ALFEBIITE - a logical framework for ethical behaviour between infohabitants in the information trading economy of the Universal Information Ecosystem, IST-1999-10298
"Designed as a comprehensive introduction to the topic of communications system security, this text covers the basics of establishing trusted communications and common methods and mechanisms used in protecting transmitted and processed information. The authors present the principles and protocols in an accessible, easy-to-understand format. The main topics featured are cryptography, IKE, IPsec, and TLS. The book includes many examples to illustrate the concepts presented and exercises provided in each chapter offer hands-on experience"--
Security information and event management (SIEM) implementation /c David R. Miller ... [et al.]
Information security
Unix system administration handbook
Introduction to computer networks and cybersecurity
Digital Identity
Multimedia security : steganography and digital watermarking techniques for protection of intellectual property
Inside the communication revolution : evolving patterns of social and technical interaction
Mechanics of user identification and authentication : fundamentals of identity management
TCP/IP : the ultimate protocol guide. Vol. 2 : Applications, access and data security
Computer system security : basic concepts and solved exercises
Internet security control system : Agent-based distributed control system for securing traffic on the Internet
Practical cryptography
Research on network security and protection technology
Communication system security
Cryptography and network security : principles and practices
Certification and security in e-services : from e-government to e-business : IFIF 17th World Computer Congress, TC11 Stream on Security in E-Services, August 26-29, 2002, Montréal, Québec, Canada
Cyberspace and cybersecurity
Programming Windows Identity Foundation
Sendmail cookbook
Parasitic order machine : a sociology and ontology of information securing
The shellcoder's handbook : discovering and exploiting security holes
RFID Linux authentication
Evaluation of probabilistic encryption scheme against brute force attack
Advanced Java 2 platform : how to program
The civil servant identity card
Network security : current status and future directions
The art of deception : controlling the human element of security
Modern cryptography : theory and practice
Information doesn't want to be free : laws for the internet age
Studies in mobile security
Cryptological mathematics
Smart card usage for authentication in web single sign-on systems
Cryptography and network security : principles and practice
Cybersecurity and cyberwar : what everyone needs to know
