http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14584 electronic identification
electronic identification
Security and privacy in biometrics
Race code : the artistic and design process of the media art installation
Introduction to computer networks and cybersecurity
Characteristics of identity and access management projects
Analysis and design of UHF and millimetre wave radio frequency identification / Pekka Pursula
Digital signature in practice for a Chinese company
Introduction to cryptography : with coding theory
Handbook of fingerprint recognition
Theorizing surveillance : the panopticon and beyond
FreeRADIUS for small and medium-sized companies
Introduction to biometrics
Abstract.
Hacking exposed : web applications
Operation of RFID in cold environment
Photo storage system with face detection and recognition
User profiling and classification for fraud detection in mobile communications networks
Comparison and testing of 2 D readers
Financial cryptography : 5th International Conference, FC 2001, Grand Cayman, British West Indies, February 19-22,  2001, proceedings
Joint OECD-private sector workshop on electronic authentications : Stanford and Menlo Park, California 2-4 June 1999
Public services in the new millennium : programme of action to promote online governement, 2002-2003 : summary of a report by the Information Society Advisory Board, 31 December 2001.
Smart card usage for authentication in web single sign-on systems
Access control systems : security, identity management and trust models
Handbook of face recognition
Implementation of architectural design for online PIN in Luottokunta payment environment
Authentication using electronic IDs
Openid authentication : issues and possible improvements
Practical handbook of warehousing
RFID handbook : fundamentals and applications in contactless smart cards, radio frequency identification and near-field communication
Abstract: ICT law in electronic administration : ICT judicial principles and electronic administrative procedure.
Cryptography decrypted
Virtualization security : protecting virtualized environments
Adopting biometric technology : challenges and solutions
Feature-based affine-invariant detection and localization of faces
Security without obscurity : a guide to confidentiality, authentication, and integrity
Summary (s. 7-11).
Handbook of Biometrics
"The traditional view of information security includes three cornerstones: confidentiality, integrity, and availability, also known as the CIA of information security. As the field has become more complex, both novices and professionals with years of experience need a good reference book outlining the basics. Rather than focusing on compliance or policies and procedures, this book takes a top-down approach. Providing insight from the author's experience developing dozens of standards, the book starts with the fundamentals to bridge the understanding gaps--approaching information security from the bedrock principles of CIA"--
Spychips : how major corporations and government plan to track your every move with RFID
Online identity theft
"This book emphasizes the convergence and trajectory of automatic identification and location-based services toward chip implants and real-time positioning capabilities"--Provided by publisher.
Learning discriminative models from structured multi-sensor data for human context recognition
Abstract: Public key infrastructure, smart cards and their utilization in an organisation.
RFID field guide : deploying radio frequency identification systems
Use of user information with next generation firewall product
RFID Linux authentication
RFID handbook : fundamentals and applications in contactless smart cards and identification
Grid application systems design
RFID in logistics : a practical introduction
Abstract: Identity management using Security Assertion Markup Language : integration of SAML with Spring Security.
SSH, the secure shell : the defenitive guide
Inside the communication revolution : evolving patterns of social and technical interaction
Security in RFID and sensor networks
Summary.
Mechanics of user identification and authentication : fundamentals of identity management
Electronic noses in odour profiling : the application of the electronic nose based on ion mobility spectrometry in sensory quality monitoring of food packaging board
Identification of PWB, improving bar code reading reliability
Cryptography and e-commerce
The RF in RFID : passive UHF RFID in practice
Innovative automatic identification and location-based services : from bar codes to chip implants
Swedish summary (s. 69-75).
RFID handbook : applications, technology, security, and privacy
Authentication and security aspects in an international multi-user network
RFID technology and applications
Referat.
Advanced Java 2 platform : how to program
Abstract: RFID Linux authentication.
System signatures and their applications in engineering reliability
Reverse rotogravure printing technology combines electronics and paper
Identity management using Security Assertion Markup Language : integration of SAML with Spring Security
Smart card-based single sign on and authentication for F-Secure VPN+
eHealth roadmap - Finland
Security and usability : designing secure systems that people can use
This thesis details the parts, sections, reasons, and products used in  the  InterestID project prototype that was created for conferences. The product used many types of technologies and open source tools to  make social networking at a conference simple and easy to use even for  novice computer users. Additionally, InterestID uses physical products to represent one's digital self at the conference. This provides an ability to use computer  technology in a more ubiquitous way. This thesis documents that process. Lastly, all details of how the model, view, controller are given for examination and review, and the databases are also detailed to show how connections are made and what security measures were taken.
The history of information security : a comprehensive handbook
Audio- and video-based biometric person authentication : Third International Conference, AVBPA 2001, Halmstad, Sweden, June 6-8, 2001 : proceedings
The InterestID project
Introduction to surveillance studies
