http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14504 professional sports
professional sports
Rafael Nadal : the biography
A lion's tale : around the world in spandex
Rob Vollman's hockey abstract
Abstract.
Breakaway : from behind the Iron Curtain to the NHL : the untold story of hockey's great escapes
When the final buzzer sounds : NHL greats share their stories of hardship and triumph : an anthology
The boys of Icehearts and the 'Hood : a perspective on the everyday realities of growing up in a disadvantaged neighbourhood in Finland
Widely acknowledged as the best hockey book ever written and lauded by Sports Illustrated as one of the Top 10 Sports Books of All Time, The Game is a reflective and thought-provoking look at a life in hockey. Ken Dryden, the former Montreal Canadiens goalie and former president of the Toronto Maple Leafs, captures the essence of the sport and what it means to all hockey fans. He gives vivid and affectionate portraits of the characters--Guy Lafleur, Larry Robinson, Guy Lapointe, Serge Savard, and coach Scotty Bowman among them--who made the Canadiens of the 1970s one of the greatest hockey teams in history. But beyond that, Dryden reflects on life on the road, in the spotlight, and on the ice, offering a rare inside look at the game of hockey and an incredible personal memoir. This commemorative edition marks the 30th anniversary of the book's original publication, and it includes a new foreword by Bill Simmons, new photography, and a new chapter, "The Game Goes On." Take a journey to the heart and soul of the game with this timeless hockey classic.
The role of top-level sport in Finland : a governmental perspective of the present status and future trends
Problems in the history and philosophy of physical education and sport
Showboat : the life of Kobe Bryant
The Game behind the game : negotiating in the big leagues
Reflecting upon personal experiences, the martial artist discusses how his thirty-six "laws of power" have enabled him to make a successful career out of a dangerous and demanding sport.
Capturing the value of sponsoring in professional sports: A two-sided platform approach
I should be dead by now : the wild life and crazy times of the NBA's great rebounder of modern times
Europe and professional sport : report
Muhammad Ali : his life and times
Ryan Giggs : the man for all seasons
Andre the giant : life and legend
Cycle of lies : the fall of Lance Armstrong
Sport-based corporate social responsibility in European professional football
'67: The Maple Leafs, their sensational victory, and the end of an empire
Between the pipes : a revealing look at hockey's legendary goalies
Herb Brooks : the inside story of a hockey mastermind
From hockey’s most prolific fighter comes a sports memoir unlike any other—passionate, funny, and candid, Shift Work chronicles Domi’s sixteen tumultuous seasons in the NHL.  Making it through a single fight as an enforcer in the NHL is a sign of toughness. Making it through 333 of them is a mark of greatness. Whether it was on the ice or off it, Tie Domi was driven to be the best at his job and was gifted with an extraordinary ability to withstand pain. He made a career out of protecting the people around him and became known as someone who would stand up for the people who needed it most.  Raised by immigrant parents in Belle River, Domi found success from an early age on the field and the rink. A gifted athlete in whatever sport he played, Tie eventually focused his sights on hockey. As he moved up the junior ranks, he made a name for himself as a player who was always ready to take on anyone who dared to cross his teammates.  Tie’s reputation followed him into the NHL, and it wasn’t long before he ranked among the game’s most feared—and fearless—enforcers. From New York to Winnipeg to Toronto, Tie quickly became a fan favourite in whatever city he played. As he went about working his name into the record books, Tie surrounded himself with people from every walk of life, learning from each one as he evolved into a respected leader who was never afraid to tell it like it was.  In Shift Work, Tie recounts the ups and downs of his life on and off the ice, showing what he has learned and how he has grown as both a player and a person. He offers insight into the most memorable points of his career, sharing his successes and mistakes with unparalleled honesty. Shift Work shows Tie Domi as he is—a devoted father and friend, a valued and loyal team player, a magnetic personality, and an athlete of immense skill and courage.
Messi : more than a superstar
My Life in Football
99 : Gretzky : his game, his story
Crossing the line : my story
Shoot first, pass later : my life, no filter
Nhl / The offical illustrated history
Value creation and sport management
John Terry : captain, leader, champion
No nonsense : the biography
The game
The definitive autobiography from hockey's greatest living legend?? "Mr. Hockey” himself, Gordie Howe. Big, skilled, tough on the ice, and nearly indestructible, Howe dominated both the sport and the record books like no one has before or since. Over an incredible six decades, the Hall of Famer had so many accomplishments that he set the record for the most records by any athlete ever in any sport.
All the way : my life on ice
Sports economics
Chase your shadow : the trials of Oscar Pistorius
Break point : the inside story of modern tennis
"Seventeen-time all-star; scorer of 81 points in a game; MVP and a shooting guard second only to Jordan in league history: Kobe Bryant is one of basketball's absolute greatest players, a fascinating and complicated character who knew when he was a mere boy that he would be better than Jordan on the court. The debate about whether he achieved that is a furious one--but Kobe has surpassed Jordan on the all-time scoring list and has only one less championship than Jordan (5 to Jordan's 6). He retired after the 2015/16 season, just in time for Roland Lazenby's definitive biography of the player and the man. The Lakers are the flashiest team in all of sports, and the context in which Bryant played is salacious and exciting. Provocative stories--on his childhood with a domineering dad; his complicated personal life; and his explosive relationships on the court--mixed with good old fashioned basketball reporting make for a riveting and essential read for any hoops fan."-- Provided by publisher.
When Cyd Zeigler started writing about LGBT sports issues in 1999, no one wanted to talk about them. Today, this is a central conversation in American society that reverberates throughout the sports world and beyond.  In Fair Play, Zeigler tells the story of how sports have transformed for LGBT athletes, diving into key moments and issues that have shaped sports for LGBT people today. He shares intimate behind-the-scenes details about various athletes and stories--including NFL Hall of Famer Michael Irvin, transgender MMA fighter Fallon Fox, and NFL hopeful Michael Sam, among others--along with contextual insights about elite sports, including the overhyped "distraction" myth surrounding gay athletes.
Approaching Ali : a reclamation in three acts
Tough guy : my life on the edge
The work of professional football : a labour of love?
My life : queen of the court
Professional sport in the European Union : regulation and re-regulation
Mourinho : further anatomy of a winner
Neymar : the making of the world's greatest new number 10
Adapting to Finland through professional football : perceptions of players and coaches
Jeremy Roenick, one of the premier hockey players of his generation and one of the greatest American stars the NHL has ever known, shares his life story in this frank and unflinching autobiography. After making his debut as an 18-year-old with the Chicago Blackhawks, Roenick thrilled fans with his flashy style, take-no-prisoners approach, and jaw-dropping skills. A native of Boston, Roenick went on to play for four more franchises-including the Philadelphia Flyers and Los Angeles Kings-during his incredible 18-season career. By the time he was through, Roenick had racked up 513 goals-the secon.
Messi : the inside story of the boy who became a legend
Journeyman : the many triumphs (and even more numerous defeats) of a guy who's seen just about everything in the game of hockey
What makes a champion? : motorcycle world champions' recipe for success
Fair play : how LGBT athletes are claiming their rightful place in sports
Dark trade : lost in boxing
King of the world : Muhammad Ali and the rise of an American hero
Messi : the inside story of a boy who became a legend
My life outside the ring
Athlete's guide to career planning
Shift work
European sports law : a comparative analysis of the European and American models of sport
Sami Hyypiä : from Voikkaa to the premiership
The Golden Jet
Sport as a channel for cultural identity - an examination ofamateur and professional activities : a case study of the Gaelic Athletic Association (GAA) in Ireland from the mid 19th century to the modern era
J.R. : my life as the most outspoken, fearless, and hard-hitting man in hockey
It seemed as though nothing could stop Jordin Tootoo on the ice. The captain of Canada's Under-18, a fan favourite on the World Junior squad, and a WHL top prospect who could intimidate both goalies and enforcers, he was always a leader. And when Tootoo was drafted by Nashville in 2000 and made the Predators out of camp in 2003, he became a leader in another way: the first player of Inuk descent to suit up in the NHL. ALL THE WAY tells the story of someone who has travelled far from home to realize a dream, someone who has known glory and cheering crowds, but also the demons of despair.
The sports business has become one of the fastest growing industries in recent years. Sports organizations now have the potential to generate massive amounts of revenue through a variety of different channels, including broadcasting rights, advertising and branding. However, the rise of sports-related business has so far received relatively little attention from management scholars and social scientists. This book argues that we can no longer afford to ignore this important economic and social phenomenon. It presents a new conceptual framework based on the concept of value creation to show how we can understand and explain the success and failure of sports organizations. Key concepts are illustrated with case studies of sporting organizations, including Real Madrid, FC Barcelona and the Americas Cup. Written by a team of authors from one of Spain's leading business schools, it provides a unique set of theoretical and practical insights for researchers and sports organization managers.
Undisputed truth : my autobiography
Muhammad Ali : the story of a boxing legend
My last fight : the true story of a hockey rock star
Cristiano Ronaldo : the biography
Roger Federer : the greatest
Fact or fiction behind football : footballers earn less than their underpants do!
Mysteries of wrestling
Being a pro footballer
Sidney Crosby : taking the game by storm
The economics and politics of sports facilities
Grant Fuhr : the story of a hockey legend
Marcel Pronovost : a life in hockey
Jamie Vardy : from nowhere, my story
Athletic career transition : a qualitative inquiry into ex-athletes' experiences of the sports system in Singapore
Professional sports and gambling regulation in Finland : examining the institutional factors of gambling affecting professional sport clubs in Finland
Patrick Roy : winning, nothing else
Its good to be the King... sometimes
No nonsense : the autobiography
Now available in a fully revised and updated fourth edition, Sport Management: Principles and Applications introduces the sport industry and examines the role of the state, non-profit and professional sectors in sport. It focuses on core management principles and their application in a sporting context, highlighting the unique challenges faced in a career in sport management. Written in an engaging and accessible style, each chapter has a clear structure designed to make key information and concepts simple to find and to utilize. Chapters contain a conceptual overview, references, further reading, links to important websites, study questions and up-to-date case studies from around the world to show how theory works in the real world, and a companion website offers additional activities for students and guidance notes and slides for instructors. The book covers every core functional area of management, including: * strategic planning * organizational culture * organizational structures * human resource management * leadership * governance * financial management * marketing * performance management. This fourth edition also includes expanded coverage of sport media, change management and other contemporary management issues, providing a comprehensive introduction to the practical application of management principles within sport organizations. It is ideal for first and second year students on sport management related courses, as well as those studying business-focused or human movement courses seeking an overview of applied sport management principles.
Depicts the late author's life through his own words, including his successful career in hockey as an enforcer and scorer, addiction to drugs, and reckless lifestyle off the ice
Kings of the ring : the history of heavyweight boxing
Playbooks and checkbooks : an introduction to the economics of modern sports
The Racer : Life on the road as a pro cyclist
Gordie : a hockey legend : an unauthorized biography of Gordie Howe
Breakaway : from behind the Iron curtain to the NHL : the untold story of hockey's great escapes
Mr. Hockey : my story
The second half
Brett : his own story
One-pound gospel
Contemporary issues in sports economics: participation and professional team sports
A man's world : the double life of Emile Griffith
Little book of the world cup : a world cup A to Z
Andrea Pirlo : I think therefore I play
International sports economics comparisons
Don't call me goon : a tribute to hockey's great enforcers, bad boys, and gunslingers
Advances in the economics of sport. Volume 2 (1997)
Sales analysis of professional sport organization
Leading
The economics of association football. Volume 1
The laws of the ring
Arsenal player by player : five decades of player profiles
The complete book of football
Football - bloody hell! : the biography of Alex Ferguson
Advances in the economics of sport. Volume 1 (1992)
Playing days : a novel
Sport management : principles and applications
The political economy of professional sport
Messi vs. Ronaldo : the greatest rivalry
Between the lines : not so tall tales from Ray "Scampy" Scapinello's four decades in the NHL
Hockey : a people's history
Playing with fire
The ultimate prize : the Stanley Cup
My decade in the premier league
Men at play : a working understanding of professional hockey
Routledge handbook of sport management
Commitment : my autobiography
The best in the world : at what I have no idea
I'm going to be a star - maybe
The trade : 25 years since Wayne Gretzky left
NHL hockey : the official book of the game
The economics of professional team sports
The economics of association football. Volume 2
So, you think you know Joey Barton? Think again. Here is the raw yet redemptive story of a man shaped by rejection and the consequences of his mistakes. He has represented England, and been a pivotal player for Manchester City, Newcastle United, Queens Park Rangers, Marseille and Burnley, but his career has featured recurring controversy. Now, Joey reveals the formative influences of a tough upbringing in Liverpool. / WorldCat.
The encyclopedia of professional wrestling : 100 years of history, headlines & hitmakers
Wearing the "C" : leadership secrets from hockey's greatest captains
Finland's differentiated sports culture : a case study: sports agent
Diego Costa : the art of war
