http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1458 prohibitions
prohibitions
Boardwalk empire. The complete fifth season
Negative indefinites
Verbs of motion
Abstract.
Negation in English speech and writing : a study variation
Negation in non-standard British English : gaps, regularizations, and asymmetries
Purity and danger : an analysis of concepts of pollution and taboo
The ways of naysaying : no, not, nothing, and nonbeing
Welsh negation and grammatical theory
The syntax of negation in Russian : a minimalist approach
Live by night : a novel
The bootlegger
Nuclear weapons after the comprehensive test ban : implications for modernization and proliferation
The concept of a restriction on the free movement of capital in direct taxation
The golden bough : a study in magic and religion. 2, Taboo and the perils of the soul
Medicalising prohibition : harm reduction in Finnish and international drug policy
Bright young things
Negation in Oceanic languages : typological studies
Set in an alternative historical present, in a "eusistocracy"- An extreme welfare state - that holds public health and social stability above all else, it follows a young woman whose growing addiction to illegal chili peppers leads her on an adventure into a world where love, sex, and free will are all controlled by the state.
Prohibition and the progressive movement 1900-1920
Abstract (s. 5-6).
Duck says don't!
Fuzzy negation in English and Swedish
100 places you will never visit
Smuggling spirits. Book two
A Transformational analysis of negation in Korean
Negation in the two extant versions of Lazamon's Brut
Boardwalk empire. The complete fourth season
The dramaturgy of seeign : image negation and the sense of materiality : Nina Roos interviewed by Leevi Haapala
Iconoclash : beyond the image wars in science, religion, and art : [Center for Art and Media, Karlsruhe, 4.5. - 4.8.2002] / editors: Bruno Latour and Peter Weibel
The war on alcohol : Prohibition and the rise of the American state
ArtBeat
Deuteronomy 4 and the second commandment
Negation with not in the Early Modern English period : a corpus-based study
Prohibition has long been portrayed as a 'noble experiment' that failed, a newsreel story of glamorous gangsters, flappers, and speakeasies. Now at last Lisa McGirr dismantles this cherished myth to reveal a much more significant history. Prohibition was the seedbed for a pivotal expansion of the federal government, the genesis of our contemporary penal state. Her deeply researched, eye-opening account uncovers patterns of enforcement still familiar today: the war on alcohol was waged disproportionately in African American, immigrant, and poor white communities. Alongside Jim Crow and other discriminatory laws, Prohibition brought coercion into everyday life and even into private homes. Its targets coalesced into an electoral base of urban, working-class voters that propelled FDR to the White House. This outstanding history also reveals a new genome for the activist American state, one that shows the DNA of the right as well as the left. It was Herbert Hoover who built the extensive penal apparatus used by the federal government to combat the crime spawned by Prohibition. The subsequent federal wars on crime, on drugs, and on terror all display the inheritances of the war on alcohol. McGirr shows the powerful American state to be a bipartisan creation, a legacy not only of the New Deal and the Great Society but also of Prohibition and its progeny.
Intermediaries are in the middle of every single act of online communication. The term "intermediary" does not refer to homogeneous group of service providers. In fact, it is used to describe entities who provide services necessary for an act of electronic communication to be successful including telecommunication service providers, online connectivity providers and entities providing their services by electronic means. Although, the e-commerce directive refers only to specific categories of intermediaries, such as providers of the following services: mere conduit, caching or hosting, the more our lives depend on technology, the more significant the role of every single intermediary becomes. The seriousness is particularly visible in relation to injunctive orders following a decision on the merits of the case (also referred to as 'permanent injunctions') such as website blocking orders the aim of which is to prevent future online infringements. As protective measures, the injunctions are subject to the proportionality evaluation and cannot lead to the effect that would be contrary to the provisions of the article 15 of the E-commerce Directive. The paper discusses the phenomenon of website blocking orders against intermediaries, including orders against the so-called 'innocent providers', and the boundaries of the orders. This particular type of an injunction serves as a trigger point for the analysis of the injunctions paradigm and engagement in a debate concerning rights of the users. The injunctions are currently holding a prominent position in the EU legal system as a consequence of the decision of the Court of Justice of the European Court of Human Rights in Delfi vs. Estonian case. Thus the author of this paper concentrates on the analysis of the abovementioned decisions and their implications for the sphere of users' rights (such as freedom of expression) and the freedom of business activity.
Negation and polarity : syntactic and semantic perspectives
Negation and the licensing of negative polarity items in Hindi syntax
Prohibitions in adult-child interaction : a thousand and one ways to say "no" to a child
Live by night
Purity and danger : an analysis of the concepts of pollution and taboo
Was the General strike threat a culmination point in the US attitude towards the Japanese communists?
Negation in English and other languages
Dario Gamboni : the destruction of art : iconoclasm and vandalism since the French revolution
The negation of stative relation clauses in the Mordvin languages
An experimental comparison of statistical and case history methods of attitude research
Paradigms lost? : the study of kinship in the 21st century
Smuggling spirits. Book one
History of German negation
Intermediaries caught between a rock and a hard place - the case of website blocking and no general obligation to excersise control over the usergenerated content
Sefer Kedushah = The book of holiness
The core of the sun
Conference on nuclear test ban verification, Linköping, Sweden, May 17-19, 1988 : proceedings
In dubio pro natura? : a philosophical analysis of the precautionary principle in environmental and health risk governance
The music of Prohibition
Opozīcijas sintaksē un semantikā = Oppositions in syntax and semantics
On expressing negative politeness in English fictional discourse
The city of woven streets
Purity and danger now : new perspectives
Aspects of English negation
The History of negation in the languages of Europe and the Mediterranean. Volume I, Case studies
The day Leo said I hate you!
Dry Manhattan : prohibition in New York City
The expression of negation
Mapping the legislation and assessing the impact of protection orders in the European Member States
Beautiful days : a bright young things novel
Nuclear weapon tests : prohibition or limitation?
Dark and bright sides of human rights : towards pragmatic evaluation
Velvet glove, iron fist : a history of anti-smoking
The phenomenology of negation and its expression in natural language
On products containing ozone depleting substances : a guide to customs officers and inspectors in the Nordic countries
The interaction of modality and negation : a typological study
The day the music died
IN DUBIO PRO NATURA? A Philosophical Analysis of the Precautionary Principle in Environmental and Health Risk Governance
The interdict in the thirteenth century : a question of collective guilt
Development of L2 negation : an empirical study of Finnish learners of English
A history of English negation
Jews and booze : becoming American in the age of prohibition
American moonshine & prohibition
Irony and explicitations in Finnish translations of the pejorative overtone of the English negative prefix non-
Consumer benefits of labels and bans on genetically modified food : an empirical analysis using choice experiments
