http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14544 defectors
defectors
North Korea's hidden revolution : how the information underground is transforming a closed society
The way the crow flies
The tunnels : the untold story of the escapes under the Berlin Wall
Korea and its futures : unification and the unfinished war
The free world
TRUE WAR  & COMBAT STORIES. In the summer of 1962, one year after the rise of the Berlin Wall, a group of daring young West Germans risked prison, Stasi torture and even death to liberate friends, lovers, and strangers in East Berlin by digging tunnels under the Wall. Then, as the world's press heard about the secret projects, two television networks raced to be the first to document them from the inside, funding two separate tunnels for exclusive rights to film the escapes. In response, President John F. Kennedy and his administration, wary of anything that might raise tensions and force a military confrontation with the Soviets, maneuvered to quash both documentaries.
Russian winter
Escape from camp 14 : one man's remarkable odyssey from North Korea to freedom in the west
Nothing to envy : ordinary lives in North Korea
Breakaway : from behind the Iron Curtain to the NHL : the untold story of hockey's great escapes
One of the least understood countries in the world, North Korea has long been known for its repressive regime. Yet it is far from being an impenetrable black box. Media flows covertly into the country, and fault lines are appearing in the government's sealed informational borders. Drawing on deeply personal interviews with North Korean defectors from all walks of life, ranging from propaganda artists to diplomats, Jieun Baek tells the story of North Korea's information underground--the network of citizens who take extraordinary risks by circulating illicit content such as foreign films, television shows, soap operas, books, and encyclopedias. By fostering an awareness of life outside North Korea and enhancing cultural knowledge, the materials these citizens disseminate are affecting the social and political consciousness of a people, as well as their everyday lives. -- Website.
Dead drop : the true story of Oleg Penkovsky and the Cold War's most dangerous operation
Follows the lives of six North Koreans over fifteen years, a chaotic period that saw the rise to power of Kim Jong Il and the devastation of a famine that killed one-fifth of the population, illustrating what it means to live under the most repressive totalitarian regime today
Our kind of traitor
Company of heroes
Splithead
The incident
The Litvinenko file : Politics, polonium and Russia's war with itself
De-bordering Korea : tangible and intangible legacies of the sunshine policy
The Kravchenko case : one man's war on Stalin
The dancer defects : the struggle for cultural supremacy during the Cold War
From Russia to love : the life and music of Viktoria Mullova
The girl with seven names : a North Korean defector's story
Breakaway : from behind the Iron curtain to the NHL : the untold story of hockey's great escapes
In order to live : a North Korean girl's journey to freedom
Nothing to envy : real lives in North Korea
The Company
A death in Washington : Walter G. Krivitsky and the Stalin terror
