http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14521 paganism
paganism
European paganism : the realities of cult from antiquity to the Middle Ages
Contemporary pagan and native faith movements in Europe : colonialist and nationalist impulses
The strange death of pagan Rome : reflections on a historiographical controversy
The pagan writes back : when world religion meets world literature
Orthodoxy, paganism, and dissent in the early Christian centuries
Handbook of magic & witchcraft
Earthly bodies, magical selves : contemporary pagans and the search for community
Debate and dialogue : christian and pagan cultures c. 360-430
The pagan dream of the Renaissance
Grotesques and gargoyles : paganism in the medieval church
Pagans and philosophers : the problem of paganism from Augustine to Leibniz
The conversion of Constantine and pagan Rome
Either/or : the Gospel or neopaganism
Pompa Diaboli : the grey area of urban festivals in the fourth and fifth centuries
The prestige of the pagan prophet Balaam in Judaism : early Christianity and Islam
Identity of peripheries : minorities, borderlands and outskirts
Paganism : a very short introduction
Pagan priests : religion and power in the ancient world
The last kingdom
The paganism in our Christianity
God-fearers
Understanding celtic religion : revisiting the pagan past
Paul and the Gentiles : remapping the Apostle's convictional world
How the Halakhah unfolds. Vol. 3, part A, Abodah Zarah in the Mishnah, Tosefta, Yerushalmi, and Bavli
The archaeology of late antique "paganism"
Cities of God : the real story of how Christianity became an urban movement and conquered Rome
Gods of the blood : the pagan revival and white separatism
...En their medh riki fara..
Javier Teixidor has found evidence that belief in a supreme god developed during the first millennium B.C. The Phoenician and Aramaic inscriptions he discusses indicate a trend toward monotheism that facilitated the spread of Judaism, Christianity, and Islam. The author concludes that the traditional characteristics of the popular religions were preserved during this period and that the Hellenistic culture and the mystery cults did not have a significant effect on popular piety. Here, then, is a major reinterpretation of the religious life of the Near East in the Greco-Roman period based on a reliable source of information.
This book is a collection of nearly 175 documents - from saints, emperors, philosophers, satirists, inscriptions, graffiti, and other interesting types - that sheds light on the complex fabric of religious belief as it changed from a variety of non-Judeo-Christian movements to Christian in late antiquity. These texts illuminate and bring to life the bizarre and the banal of the social world of the Roman Empire, the world in which Christianity ultimately gained preeminence. This treasury of texts leads the reader through the matrix of beliefs among which Christianity grew. It includes both Christian and non-Christian sources, avoiding a common but obscuring division between the two. The material is presented as one single flow that satisfies natural curiosity and whets the reader's appetite for more. Brief explanatory introductions to the documents are included.
Christianity and paganism, 350-750 : the conversion of Western Europe
The illustrated guide to witchcraft : the secrets of wicca and paganism revealed
Pagan rites in Judaism : from sex initiation, magic, moon-cult, tattooing, mutilation and other primitive rituals to family loyalty and solidarity
A history of pagan Europe
Imagining the Anglo-Saxon past
The oriental religions in Roman paganism
How the Halakhah unfolds. Vol. 3, part B, Abodah Zarah in the Mishnah, Tosefta, Yerushalmi, and Bavli
Music & worship in pagan & Christian antiquity
The religion of the Mithras cult in the Roman Empire : mysteries of the unconquered sun
Judaism and the Gentiles : Jewish patterns of universalism (to 135 CE)
The Picts
Freyr's offspring : rulers and religion in ancient Svea society
Researching paganisms
Music, witchcraft and the paranormal
Imagination in the late pagan and early Christian world : the first nine centuries A.D
Searching for authentic living through native faith : the Maausk movement in Estonia
Memory in Jewish, Pagan and Christian societies of the Graeco-Roman world
Pagan words and Christian meanings
Popular religion in Russia : 'double belief' and the making of an academic myth
The empty throne
Medieval theatre in context : an introduction
Magic in the Middle Ages
The pagan lord
Pagans and Christians in the Roman Empire : the breaking of a dialogue (IVth - VIth century A.D.) : proceedings of the international conference at the Monastery of Bose (October 2008)
Paganism and christianity, 100-425 C. E. : a sourcebook
The mysteries of Mithras : the pagan belief that shaped the Christian world
Contemporary paganism : listening people, speaking earth
Justinian the Great : the emperor and saint
The Paganism reader
The owl killers
Religious statues and personhood : testing the role of materiality
Both one and many : essays on change and variety in late norse heathenism
Paganism in the Middle Ages : threat and fascination
The end of the pagan city : religion, economy, and urbanism in late antique North Africa
Religion in the medieval West
Belief and religion in barbarian Europe c. 350-700
How the Halakhah unfolds. Vol. 4. Hagigah in the Mishnah, Tosefta, Yerushalmi, and Bavli
What life was like among druids and high kings : celtic Ireland ad 400 - 1200
Diodorus' mythistory and the pagan mission : historiography and culture-heroes in the first pentad of the Bibliotheke
Bene currunt, sed in via non currunt : the image of good pagans in fourth- and fifth-century Christian literature
Pagan past and Christian present in early Irish literature
Where is Saint George? : pagan imagery in English folksong
Pagan survivals, superstitions and popular cultures in early medieval pastoral literature
Pagan Celtic Ireland : the enigma of the Irish Iron Age
The other covenant : a theology of paganism
Addressing the problem of the relationship between pagans and Christians cannot be separated from assessing the nature of the relationship that linked or divided the members of two very different religions. Te model of conflict has been disseminated by the Hungarian scholar András Alföldi, who in 1934 presented a Christian Constantine in irreconcilable conflict with a pagan Rome and later (most notably in 1958, in a seminar conference at the Warburg Institute) consolidated the idea of a conflictual model in which the aristocracy of Rome, faced with a tightening of measures against traditional cults, realized a real "pagan revival", to raise against Teodosius I "the last pagan army of the ancient world". This model was subjected to a massive critique by Alan Cameron ('The Last Pagans of Rome', Oxford 2011), but was powerfully restated by Stéphane Ratti ('Polémique entre païens et chrétiens. Histoire', Paris 2012). The debate, then, in the course of less than a year, has gained new, effervescent relevance.
From death to rebirth : ritual and conversion in antiquity
Encyclopedia of spirituality : spiritual inspiration to transform your life
Pagan goddesses in the early Germanic world : Eostre, Hreda and the cult of matrons
Credible, incredible : the miraculous in the ancient Mediterranean
The golden bough : a study in magic and religion
Russian paganism and the issue of nationalism : a case study of the circle of pagan tradition
Pagan theology : paganism as a world religion
Jews, pagans and Christians in conflict
The occult, witchcraft & magic : an illustrated history
Iudaea-Palaestina : the pagan cults in Roman Palestine (second to fourth century)
The paradox of the mystical text in medieval English literature
The prophets of Eternal Fjord
Gregory of Nyssa
The conflict between paganism and Christianity in the fourth century
Nature religion today : paganism in the modern world
Using in-depth examples of 'magical' practice such as exorcisms, love rites, alchemy and the transformation of humans into divine beings, this lively volume demonstrates that the word 'magic' was used widely in late antique texts as part of polemics against enemies and sometimes merely as a term for other people's rituals. Naomi Janowitz shows that 'magical' activities were integral to late antique religious practice, and that they must be understood from the perspective of those who employed them.
The conversion of Lithuania : from pagan barbarians to late medieval Christians
The final pagan generation
The sacred isle : belief and religion in pre-Christian Ireland
The virtuous pagan in Middle English literature
A comparison between a king and a monk ; Against the opponents of the monastic life : two treatises
The archaeology of religious hatred in the Roman and early medieval world
Heathen gods in Old English literature
What St Paul really said
Witchcraft and magic in Europe : biblical and pagan societies
Although it has long been acknowledged that the early Irish literary corpus preserves both pre-Christian and Christian elements, the challenges involved in the understanding of these different strata have not been subjected to critical examination. This volume draws attention to the importance of reconsidering the relationship between religion and mythology, as well as the concept of 'Celtic religion' itself. When scholars are attempting to construct the so-called 'Celtic' belief system, what counts as 'religion'? Or, when labelling something as 'religion' as opposed to 'mythology', what do these entities entail? This volume is the first interdisciplinary collection of articles which critically reevaluates the methodological challenges of the study of 'Celtic religion'; the authors are eminent scholars in the field of Celtic Studies representing the disciplines of theology, literary studies, history, law and archaeology, and the book represents a significant contribution to the present scholarly debate concerning the pre-Christian elements in early medieval source materials.
From the days of the earliest Paleolithic cave rituals, magic has gripped the imagination. Magic and magicians appear in early Babylonian texts, the Bible, Judaism, and Islam. Secret words, spells, and incantations lie at the heart of nearly every mythological tradition. But for every genuine magus there is an impostor. During the Middle Ages, religion, science, and magic were difficult to set apart. The Middle Ages also saw the pursuit of alchemy which led to a fascination with the occult, Freemasonry, and Rosicrucianism. The turn of the twentieth century witnessed a return to earlier magical traditions, and today, magic means many things: contemporary Wicca is practiced widely as a modern pagan religion in Europe and the US; “magic” also stretches to include the nonspiritual, rapid-fire sleight of hand performed by slick stage magicians who fill vast arenas. This book is packed with authoritative text and a huge and inspired selection of images, some chosen from unusual sources, including some of the best-known representations of magic and the occult from around the world spanning ancient to modern times.
The shadow of Creusa : negotiating fictionality in late antique Latin literature
Christianity and paganism in the fourth to eighth centuries
The flame bearer
Custom, Belief and The Wicker Man
Of gods & holidays : the baltic heritage
Wicca and the Christian heritage : ritual, sex, and magic
The pagan god : popular religion in the Greco-Roman Near East
Modern Paganism in world cultures : comparative perspectives
Contemporary paganism in Finland
The closing of the western mind : the rise of faith and the fall of reason
Paganism : an introduction to earth-centered religions
In the first book to consider the study of world religion and world literature in concert, Zhange Ni proposes a new reading strategy that she calls "pagan criticism," which she applies not only to late twentieth- and early twenty-first-century literary texts that engage the global resurgence of religion but also to the very concepts of religion and the secular. Focusing on two North American writers (the Jewish American Cynthia Ozick and the Canadian Margaret Atwood) and two East Asian writers (the Japanese Endō Shūsaku and the Chinese Gao Xingjian), Ni reads their fiction, drama, and prose to envision a "pagan (re)turn" in the study of world religion and world literature. In doing so, she highlights the historical complexities and contingencies in literary texts and challenges both Christian and secularist assumptions regarding aesthetics and hermeneutics. In assessing the collision of religion and literature, Ni argues that the clash has been not so much between monotheistic orthodoxies and the sanctification of literature as between the modern Western model of religion and the secular and its non-Western others. When East and West converge under the rubric of paganism, she argues, the study of religion and literature develops into that of world religion and world literature.
The last pagan : Julian the Apostate and the death of the ancient world
Julian the Apostate
Among the gentiles : Greco-Roman religion and Christianity
Seeks to re-evaluate the role of 'pagan' poetry in late antiquity. This book presents a definition of these poets as active participants and collaborators in the creation of late antique culture.
The Egyptian Hermes : a historical approach to the late pagan mind
Christianity and pagan culture in the later Roman empire : together with an English translation of John Chrysostom's Address on vainglory and the right way for parents to bring up their children
Pagans and Christians in late antiquity : a sourcebook
The crusades
Between Pagan and Christian
Pagans, Tartars, Moslems, and Jews in Chaucer's Canterbury tales
Listening people, speaking earth : contemporary paganism
Pagan mysteries in the renaissance
Under the cloak : a pagan ritual turning point in the conversion of Iceland
Not my people : Gentiles as exiles in Pauline hermeneutics
The history of the decline and fall of the Roman empire. Volume 3, The revival and collapse of paganism
"In a work of splendid scholarship that reflects both a firm mastery of difficult sources and a keen intuition, one of Britain's foremost medievalists tells the story of the Christianization of Europe. It is a very large story, for conversion encompassed much more than religious belief. With it came enormous cultural change: Latin literacy and books, Roman notions of law and property, and the concept of town life, as well as new tastes in food, drink, and dress. Whether from faith or by force, from self-interest or by revelation, conversion had an immense impact that is with us even today. It is Richard Fletcher's achievement in this superb work that he makes that impact both felt and understood." -- Book cover.
A chronicle of the last pagans
Spirits in politics : uncertainties of power and healing in African societies
The barbarian conversion : from paganism to Christianity
In this collection of essays, the product of a symposium held at the University of Regensburg in June 2011, scholars of the ancient Mediterranean explore the representation of miracles in ancient literature. The following key questions are addressed: How do ancient authors express their attitude toward the miracles they report? What value do they place in miraculous accounts? How do they qualify, cast doubt on, or deny the validity of a report? What are the relationships between the various literary genres and religious contexts within which miraculous stories are told? The contribution of this volume lies in the juxtaposition of various perspectives: Jewish, Christian and pagan authors are all brought into play; texts in which accounts of miracles are narrated are discussed alongside texts in which authors reflect on such accounts - either positively or negatively. Contributors: Jan Bremmer, Peter Busch, Jan Dochhorn, Laura Feldt, Hans Klein, Candida Moss, Christopher Mount, Heinz-Günter Nesselrath, Tobias Nicklas, Clare Rothschild, Janet Spittler, Günter Stemberger, Trevor Thompson, Gilbert Van Belle, Joseph Verheyden, Meinolf Vielberg, Ruben Zimmermann
The brand new novel in Bernard Cornwell's number one bestselling series on the making of England and the fate of his great hero, Uhtred of Bebbanburg.
Pagan mysteries in the Renaissance
Paganism is rapidly becoming a religious, creative, and political force internationally. It has found one of its most public expressions in popular music, where it is voiced by singers and musicians across rock, folk, techno, goth, metal, Celtic, world, and pop music. With essays ranging across the US, UK, continental Europe, Australia and Asia, 'Pop Pagans' assesses the histories, genres, performances, and communities of pagan popular music. Over time, paganism became associated with the counter culture, satanic and gothic culture, rave and festival culture, ecological consciousness and spirituality, and new ageism. Paganism has used music to express a powerful and even transgressive force in everyday life. 'Pop Pagans' examines the many artists and movements which have contributed to this growing phenomenon.
Pagans and Christians
American heathens : the politics of identity in a pagan religious movement
Attitudes to Gentiles in ancient Judaism and early Christianity
Occult, witchcraft and magic : an illustrated history
Everyday witchcraft : making time for spirit in a too-busy world
Pop pagans : paganism and popular music
The nations that know thee not : ancient Jewish attitudes towards other religions
Heathen
Handbook of contemporary Paganism
The Final Pagan Generation recounts the fascinating story of the lives and fortunes of the last Romans born before the Emperor Constantine converted to Christianity. Edward J. Watts traces their experiences of living through the fourth century's dramatic religious and political changes, when heated confrontations saw the Christian establishment legislate against pagan practices as mobs attacked pagan holy sites and temples. The emperors who issued these laws, the imperial officials charged with implementing them, and the Christian perpetrators of religious violence were almost exclusively young men whose attitudes and actions contrasted markedly with those of the earlier generation, who shared neither their juniors' interest in creating sharply defined religious identities nor their propensity toward violent conflict. Watts examines why the 'final pagan generation'-born to the old ways and the old world in which it seemed to everyone that religious practices would continue as they had for the last two thousand years--proved both unable to anticipate the changes that imperially sponsored Christianity produced and unwilling to resist them. A compelling and provocative read, suitable for the general reader as well as students and scholars of the ancient world.
Surveys the growth and development of magic in medieval times. Exmaines its relation to religion, science, philosophy, art literature and politics before introducing us to the different types of magic, the kinds of people who practised magic, and the reasoning behind their beliefs.
Northlanders. Book five : Metal and other stories
The myth of paganism : Nonnus, Dionysus and the world of late antiquity
Lithuania ascending : a pagan empire within east-central Europe, 1295-1345
The propaganda of power : the role of panegyric late antiquity
Magic and witchcraft : from shamanism to the technopagans
Magic in the Roman world : pagans, Jews and Christians
The convert kings : power and religious affiliation in early Anglo-Saxon England
The representation of family, church and tradition in Brian Friel's Dancing at Lughnasa
Anonymi monophysitae Theosophia : an attempt to reconstruction
Anatolia : land, men, and gods in Asia Minor. Vol. 2, The rise of the church
