http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14536 demands
demands
Collaborative Document Management Systems
Teleamp UI
Requirements for marketing information system in a software house
This thesis examines the development possibilities of the Degree Programme in Tourism (DPT) in Tampere University of Applied Sciences (TAMK) from the different stakeholders' perspective. The focus development area is the curriculum of the study programme which is under renewal and will be established in 2013. The aim of the thesis is to produce concrete development ideas from the experiences and opinions of the internal and external stakeholders of TAMK. The internal stakeholders are represented by the students of the DPT, and the external stakeholders are the representatives of the local labour market. The possible cooperation between the stakeholders is investigated in order to bring working life closer to the students and studies and to benefit the local businesses. Primary data was collected from the internal stakeholders with group theme interviews and from the external stakeholders with a semi-structured questionnaire, as well as with a semi-structured élite interview. Secondary data included existing data such as scientific literature, statistics, notes, the Internet, researches and other available publications. In the thesis process, the theories of competencies and qualifications were used as well as the Learning by Developing model of Laurea University of Applied Sciences discovered by benchmarking. The collected and analyzed data revealed the target areas of development. According to the internal stakeholders the improvements should be targeted to the working life relation of the studies; to the quality of education and the course contents; to the guidance received; and to the more practical approach in studies. All these would prepare the students better for the future working life. The external stakeholders stressed that the practical know-how and multidisciplinary skills are the requirements of the working life, and that the attention should be paid to the requirements imposed by the tourism industry trends in the Tampere Region in the DPT studies. The results indicate that mutually beneficial changes to the curriculum and cooperation between the stakeholders can be made, in which case the studies would prepare the students with competencies to meet the qualifications of the working life. According to the writers' of the thesis the working life relation in the studies should be emphasized more and it would also be one area for further research. Key words: Curriculum, developing, DPT, stakeholder, Tampere Region.
Link 15 Ground System maintenance plan
Customising Windows system policies and introduction to the Citrix MetaFrame system
Work demands and resources, stress regulation and quality of pedagogical work among professionals in Finnish early childhood education setting
High-level requirements for à la carte restaurant point of sale and inventory management systems
Too hurt to stay : the true story of a troubled boy's desperate search for a loving home
A software implementation of the requirements abstraction model
The purpose of this thesis project was to improve the business activities of Johnson Electronics Nigeria Limited.      Johnson Electronics Nigeria Limited is a Nigerian electronics store. The store has four stores one of them being the head office with a warehouse to keep the excess products. The stores sell different varieties of electronics and electrical products, such as pressing irons, videos, speakers, air conditioner and computers among others.      Presently, the keeping of records in the stores is done manually so there are some problems associated with that since there are no automated systems in use. Coordinating the activities of all stores and the head office warehouse are difficult without a proper system, hence there is need to have a working system that would make the coordination easy and effective.     Within this thesis project, an automated cash management system was created to replace the manual one. The analysis of the present state was done by using the following business engineering methods: the object oriented method and the entity structure analysis.    There is a sales assistant in every store handling the sales activities; a stock keeper taking care of each store's warehouse activities; and a branch accountant heading each store and reporting to the chief accountant. Hence there is need to phase out the stock keepers and branch accountants who make the present system cumbersome.     This thesis project was important to facilitate and improve the sales and stock management system of the Johnson Electronics Nigeria Limited.  The improved system will make recording of sales activities (cash event) and stock activities (stock event) more orderly. There will be easy access to data when needed. The manager and the accountant will be able to make decisions quickly based on easily retrievable facts.
Head first software development
European management assistants : work, challenges and the future
Designing the requirements : building applications that the user wants and needs / Scott Britton
Manual on the development and use of FAO specifications for plant protection products
The ugly truth
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Military transformation : empowering action competence for the battle space 2025.
ERP acquisition in small businesses : case Helpten
Competency requirements of global software development : conceptualization, contextualization, and consequences
Contributions to the second DeSeCo symposium, Geneva, Switzerland, 11-13 February, 2002
Security management systems for the supply chain : best practices for implementing supply chain security, assessments and plans : requirements and guidance
The truth about middle managers: who they are, how they work, why they matter
Goal driven design method for software product lines
Kuumavalssatut teräsrakenteet = Hot rolled products of structural steels. Osa 2 = Part 2, Seostamattomat rakenneteräkset : tekniset toimitusehdot = Technical delivery conditions for non-alloy structural steels
The 2010 International Business curriculum of Kymenlaakso University of Applied Sciences and the changing demands of working life.
"This gripping and well-documented account of the history of the town of Vilnius and its surrounding region from the Polish ultimatum of March 1938, which forced Lithuania to open diplomatic relations with Poland, to the incorporation of Lithuania into the Soviet Union in June 1940 is set against the evolution of Lithuania's relations with her neighbours during this crucial period. It is a major contribution to the outbreak of war in September 1939 and the subsequent evolution of Nazi Soviet relations. Prof. Liekis presents a remarkable history based on archival sources never before utilized in any English-language study. In revealing the geopolitical, ideological, economic, social and ethnic dimensions of an immense tragedy in the heart of Europe, the author provides a new perspective on the unraveling of a society and nation during the initial days of World War II as prelude to the most violent period in European history."--Publisher's description.
Design of configurator tool for connectsite 100
Nosturit : turvallisuus : irrotettavat nostoapuvälineet : standardi = Cranes : safety : non-fixed load lifting attachments
NetHawk Clock Source
Analysis of use case approaches to requirements engineering
Koneturvallisuus : koneiden sähkölaitteisto = Safety of machinery : electrical equipment of machines. Osa 32 = Part 32, Vaatimukset nostokoneille = Requirements for hoisting machines
Where has my little girl gone? : how to protect your daughter from growing up too soon
The purpose of this work was to help seeing the market situation of current marine SCR markets and gather valuable information from present marine SCR end-customers. Also the basics of both SCR technology and the marine legislation regarding harmful NOx emissions were studied in general level to better understand the current situation of rapidly changing and growing markets and industry. The information regarding the market situation was gathered from public company internet sites. The customers' demands were examined by sending questionnaires via e-mail to several marine end-customers. The Analysis of the results was based on a scoring system enclosed in the appendices. Based on this study the current SCR markets are having only few major operators which have managed to deliver remarkable amount of marine SCR systems. The others are probably in promoting or developing phase and still aiming to achieve better status within the business sector. Based on the questionnaires to the end-customers the reliability of the system was the most important feature. Second important was the purchasing and maintenance costs following small size of system and easy operation.
Global sourcing of ready-to-wear garments : a case study: Vietnam as sourcing market for Naisten Pukutehdas Oy
Subject teacher training and teaching in English
The strategic partnering handbook : the practitioners' guide to partnerships and alliances
Occupational health and safety management systems : requirements = Ledningssystem för arbetsmiljö : krav
Optimization of the preprocessing steps of MEG measurement data in Meggie application
Requirement engineering process for cash management system : case study: Johnson Electronics Nigeria Limited
Asia Functions of Satakunta University of Applied Sciences
The relationship between work stress and leisure-time physical activity among hospital personnel : a prospective study on Karasek's job strain model
Requirement specification of reporting based on ITIL
Icons: Visual representation to enrich requirements engineering work
The Impact of BIS regulation on market risk management : Comparison of standardized method and internal models approach
Developing degree programme in tourism in Tampere university of applied sciences : stakeholders' perspective
UML Based Requirement Management Process in Mobile Multimedia Software Projects
Pan-Nordic packaging : packaging requirements of Nordic countries
Criteria for the evaluation of requirements management tools supporting distributed software product line engineering and management
Manual on development and use of FAO and WHO specifications for pesticides
The challenge to friendship in modernity
Knowledge transfer in requirements engineering in collaborative product development
Requirements for military leaders in 2025.
Tiivistelmä: Link 16 Ground system maintenance plan.
Investigating the causal mechanisms underlying the customization of software development methods
Teleamp UI is thesis made for the parent project Teleamp which is designed by the company Telesilmukka Oy. It is the web based central monitoring and controlling system. Teleamp UI was executed by using different web development tools and languages. Laravel 5.2 was the PHP framework used, OpenLayers mapping library was used to create the interactive map. Chart.js was implemented to create the charting functionality.
Medication competence requirements of a graduating registered nurse : towards national consensus
Requirements modelling and specification for service oriented architecture
New world of indigenous resistance : Noam Chomsky and Voices from North, South, and Central America
Indigenous peoples' cultural property claims : repatriation and beyond
Test case and test report management tooling : case MEHT
Matching graduates and jobs in China : case study: graduades and universities in the Chongqing Region
Kuumavalssatut teräsrakenteet  = Hot rolled products of structural steels. Osa 1 = Part 1, Yleiset tekniset toimitusehdot = General Technical delivery conditions
Corporate social responsibility : can markets control?
Empirical studies on software quality construction : exploring human factors and organizational influences
Hitsattavat betoniteräkset : yleiset vaatimukset = Steel for the reinforcement of concrete : weldable reinforcing steel : general
"This book, the first of its kind, comprehensively explores Native American claims against the United States government over the past two centuries. Despite the federal government's multiple attempts to redress indigenous claims, a close examination reveals that even when compensatory programs were instituted, Native peoples never attained a genuine sense of justice. David E. Wilkins addresses the important question of what one nation owes another when the balance of rights, resources, and responsibilities have been negotiated through treaties. How does the United States assure that guarantees made to tribal nations, whether through a century old treaty or a modern day compact, remain viable and lasting?"--
Abstract: Collaborative document management systems. The volume of the electronic documents that the company nowadays has to manage is high. Therefore the systematic document management has a significant role in company's working process. The Internet has enabled that the software can be acquired as a service that operates in a cloud environment. In that case the company has the use of the software and pays only for the use. This study gathered the requirements for the cloud based documentation management system. The purpose of the study was to document both functional and business requirements for the document management system and present some existing cloud based document management systems and their features. The technical documentation of the customer company's current document management system was studied and project participants were interviewed. The initial assumption for the project was to find out, if the cloud based document management system could replace the existing system. As a result of the study the features of the customer company's current documentation management system were listed. These features among other things are storing the documents into the database, configuring the metadata and its structure, handling the documents' versions, versatile search functions, documents encryption, previewing of the documents, commenting, and the mass transfer of the documents. The business requirements for the system are that it is scalable and it supports work sharing between project participants. Also the setup and the usage of the system must be efficient. The costs for the document management system can be estimated with the information of user volumes, disk quota, and the data traffic. When comparing the features of the existing cloud based systems, it was found out that none of the systems did meet all of the requirements. The study works as a basis for the migration to the new cloud based document management system.
Interpretation skills : English to American sign language
Sustainability strategies for business : an integrated approach with a life cycle perspective
Software development and professional practice
Information technology  - open system interconnection - conformance testing methodology and framework : Part 5 : requirements on test laboratories and clients for the conformance assessment process
Officership 2025 and changes in military crisis management from the action competence perspective
Lämmöneristetuotteet : vaatimustenmukaisuuden arviointi : muutos = Thermal insulating products : evaluation of conformity
Career opportunities in the travel industry
Requirements development challenges in a complex and distributed organization
Requirement management in nuclear power projects
The primary purpose of the book is to provide a standardized format for viewing and discussing English to ASL interpretations. By providing this standardization, interpreters will have an opportunity to develop their skills based on the specific criteria contained in this book with the ultimate goal of improving their interpretations. It will also assist interpreters in clearly articulating the criteria that distinguishes between novice and expert English to ASL interpretations. This book does not address ASL to English interpretation, nor transliteration skills.
Tutkijoiden eurooppalainen peruskirja : säännöstö tutkijoiden työhönotosta = The European charter for researchers : the code of conduct for the recruitment of researchers
Closing the books : Jewish insurance claims from the Holocaust
Long-term results and treatment injuries in pediatric tibial and femoral fractures
On enriching requirements engineering work using icons
Mobility and transition of pedagogical expertise in Finland
Uima-altaat = Swimming pools. Osa 2 = Part 2, Toiminnanharjoittamiseen liittyvät turvallisuusvaatimukset = Safety requirements for operation
Development of bending and twisting methods on mobile devices
Hollow justice : a history of Indigenous claims in the United States
The quest for software requirements : probing questions to bring nonfunctional requirements into focus; proven techniques to get the right stakeholder involvement
Metalliset teollisuusputkistot = Metallic industrial piping. Osa 6 = Part 6, Maahan asennettavien putkistojen lisävaatimukset = Additional requirements for buried piping
Construction COntract Requirements with Regard to Effective Dispute Resolution
Requirements engineering : linking design and manufacturing in ICT companies
Asfalttimassat = Bituminous mixtures. Osa 3 = Part 3, Materiaalivaatimukset = Material specifications
1939 : the year that changed everything in Lithuania's history
Business Ethics and organizational values: a systems-theoretical analysis
Business intelligence requirements in small sized enterprises
Abstract: ERP acquisition in small businesses - case Helpten. The objective of this thesis was to survey which, or what kind of Enterprise Resource Planning system is most suitable for the growing small business Helpten and to make a proposal to Helpten management on the most suitable system provider. The aim was to find a system to support business in a better way than the current system. Literature on ERP acquisition was studied to support the system survey. The focus was on system acquisition in small businesses. As part of the study a requirement specification for the new system was made between management and employees in the customer company. Based on the requirement specification currently available, ERP systems were surveyed for suitable alternatives and potential ERP system providers were interviewed. Three different systems were compared and scored based on criteria of the requirement specification. On the basis of the comparison and system presentations it could be concluded that the best system to meet the needs of Helpten could be Microsoft Dynamics NAV and Dynamics CRM. The delivery model and the functionality of the system responded to the imposed demands set by the company. The study also showed that large system providers also provide good system alternatives for small businesses, taking their specific needs into account. The survey also showed the challenges of information system acquisition in a small business, where similar acquisitions have not been done before. Based on the study it was found that special attention has to be put to the planning and requirement specification of the new system.
Recommendations concerning characteristics and faults in fabrics to be used for clothing : proposal March 2006
E-commerce proposal for Pipelife Finland
It's kind of a funny story
Programmable controllers = Automates programmables. Part 2 = Partie 2, Equipment requirements and tests = Spécifications et essais des équipements
Recruitment and selection of international degree teachers : case: School X
Requirements Engineering Process for Sales Management System : Case study: Tin Phong Trading Co., Ltd.
Managing Requirements of Standards and Regulations for Engine Control System : Case Study of Storing System Requirements from DNV in Polarion
A model-based approach to requirements analysis for complex products in engineering design
Managing performance to maximize results
European management assistants : Work, challenges and the future
The position of Finnish and Swedish as well as other languages at universities in Finland
