http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14560 dialogue
dialogue
The dialogue of love, marriage and maistrie in Chaucer's Canterbury tales
Executive summary (s. 9-17).
The early Christian-Muslim dialogue : a collection of documents from the first three Islamic centuries (632-900 A.D.) : translations with commentary
Catholicism and interreligious dialogue
Dialogue analysis. 9, Dialogue in literature and the media : : selected papers from the 9th IADA Conference, Salzburg 2003.. Pt. 1, Literature
The concept of power in Jewish and Christian traditions
The Oberon book of modern duologues
On understanding Islam : selected studies
Subversive pleasures : Bakhtin, cultural criticism, and film
Interfaith dialogue and peacebuilding
Dialogical preaching : Bakhtin, otherness and homiletics
Inter-religious dialogue : a short introduction
Transform! : European journal for alternative thinking and political dialogue. 02/2008, [Reform of the revolution]
Science and religion : new perspectives on the dialogue
Cooperation and flexibility in multimodal communication
Dialogue editing for motion pictures : a guide to the invisible art
DUMAS - Adaptation and Robust information processing for mobile speech interfaces
The ecumenical legacy of Johannes cardinal Willebrands (1909-2006)
Orthodox Christians and Islam in the postmodern age
In search of meaning and identity : conversion to Christianity in Pakistani Muslim culture
Dialogue! : possibilities for reciprocal encounters
The theology and science dialogue : what can theology contribute
Dialogues in group interventions among partner-violent men : different approaches for different clients
Pneumatology and the Christian-Buddhist dialogue : does the Spirit blow through the middle way?
Regulation of dialogue : a theoretical model of conversation with an empirical application
The Bible and people of other faiths
Christians talked, debated, and wrote dialogues in late antiquity and on throughout Byzantium. Some were philosophical, others more literary, theological, or Platonic; Aristotle also came into the picture as time went on. Sometimes the written works claim to be records of actual public debates, and we know that many such debates did take place and continued to do so. 'Dialoguing in Late Antiquity' takes up a challenge laid down by recent scholars who argue that a wall of silence came down in the fifth century AD, after which Christians did not 'dialogue.' Averil Cameron now returns to questions raised in her book 'Christianity and the Rhetoric of Empire' (1991), drawing on the large repertoire of surviving Christian dialogue texts from late antiquity to make a forceful case for their centrality in Greek literature from the second century and the Second Sophistic onward. At the same time, 'Dialoguing in Late Antiquity' points forward to the long and neglected history of dialogue in Byzantium. Throughout this study, Cameron engages with current literary approaches and is a powerful advocate for the greater integration of Christian texts by literary scholars and historians alike.
Lutherans in ecumenical dialogue : 2003-2010
Plato and his dialogues
"Though women have been objects more often than subjects of interreligious dialogue, they have nevertheless contributed in significant ways to the dialogue, just as the dialogue has also contributed to their own self-understanding. This volume, the fifth in the Interreligious Dialogue Series, brings together historical, critical, and constructive approaches to the role of women in the dialogue between religions. These approaches deal with concrete examples of women's involvement in dialogue, critical reflections on the representation of women in dialogue, and the important question of what women might bring to the dialogue. Together, they open up new avenues for reflection on the nature and purpose of interreligious dialogue."--Page 4 of cover.
Confronting Confucian understandings of the Christian Doctrine of Salvation : a systematic theological analysis of the basic problems in the Confucian-Christian dialogue
The new man : an Orthodox and Reformed dialogue
The use of dialogue in learning communicative skills in service encounter English studybooks
This guide to sound design for animated films explains audio software, free downloads, how sound works, the power of sound when wielded by an animation filmmaker, and provides examples for how to use sound to enliven your films with professional sound.
Dialogue games : an approach to discourse analysis
Language of immediacy and turn-taking in The owl and the nightingale: bo wel stille & lust nu to me!
Into the woods : a five-act journey into story
The structure of dialog
The rat on fire
Dialogue and rhetoric : communication strategies in Russian text and theory
Inner speech and the dialogical self
Dialoguing in late antiquity
The witness of Bartholomew I : Ecumenical Patriarch
Religions : fundamental themes for a dialogistic understanding
Two great spiritual masters share their own hard-won wisdom about living with joy even in the face of adversity. The occasion was a big birthday. And it inspired two close friends to get together in Dharamsala for a talk about something very important to them. The friends were His Holiness the Dalai Lama and Archbishop Desmond Tutu. The subject was joy. Both winners of the Nobel Prize, both great spiritual masters and moral leaders of our time, they are also known for being among the most infectiously happy people on the planet. From the beginning the book was envisioned as a three-layer birthday cake: their own stories and teachings about joy, the most recent findings in the science of deep happiness, and the daily practices that anchor their own emotional and spiritual lives. Both the Dalai Lama and Archbishop Tutu have been tested by great personal and national adversity, and here they share their personal stories of struggle and renewal. Now that they are both in their eighties, they especially want to spread the core message that to have joy yourself, you must bring joy to others. Most of all, during that landmark week in Dharamsala, they demonstrated by their own exuberance, compassion, and humor how joy can be transformed from a fleeting emotion into an enduring way of life.
How to write great dialogue in fiction
Training through dialogue : promoting effective learning and change with adults
Introducing dialogic pedagogy : provocations for the early years
Dialog zwischen der Europäischen Baptistischen Föderation (EBF) und der Gemeinschaft Evangelischer Kirchen in Europa (GEKE) zur Lehre und Praxis der Taufe = Dialogue between the Community of Protestant Churches in Europe (CPCE) and the European Baptist Federation (EBF) on the doctrine and practice of baptism
Asking questions and interrupting in authentic dialogue and in a script for a TV-drama series
The magic of dialogue : transforming conflict into cooperation
Understanding the gift of communion : the Quest for a shared self-understanding of the Lutheran Communion : a reader
Adaptivity and response generation in a spoken dialogue system
Construction of FTAs in the fictional world of Gilmore Girls
Transform! : European journal for alternative thinking and political dialogue. 05/2009, Global crisis : resistance, proposals, strategies
Dialogue between men of living faiths : papers presented at a consultation held at ajaltoun, Lebanon, March 1970
The logic of dialogue games
Finnish summary.
"After you !" : dialogical ethics and the pastoral counselling process
This book provides a wide-ranging and in-depth theoretical perspective on dialogue in teaching. It explores the philosophy of dialogism as a social theory of language and explains its importance in teaching and learning. Departing from the more traditional teacher-led mode of teacher-student communication, the dialogic approach is more egalitarian and focuses on the discourse exchange between the parties. Authors explore connections between dialogic pedagogy and sociocultural learning theory, and argue that dialogic interaction between teacher and learners is vital if instruction is to lead to cognitive development. The book also presents prosody as a critical resource for understanding between teachers and students, and includes some of the first empirical studies of speech prosody in classroom discourse.
Analysis of the language portrayed in Pulp Fiction and Reservoir Dogs
How can you tell who's talking? - transitions between direct speech and narration in Vambarljóð
Taking up one's worries : a handbook on early dialogues
The dialogical encounter between Christians and Muslims
"Preaching as a Carnivalesque Dialogue – between the 'Wholly Other' and 'Other-Wise' Listeners" explores the genre of preaching in light of theories of dialogicity and carnivalization developed by Mikhail Bakhtin. The Bakhtinian approach to preaching evokes ways in which historical acts and embodied experiences are transcribed in literary genres. The theories of carnivalization manifest the dynamic, other-oriented, interaction between reflexive texts and embodied acts. Experiences of otherness and difference play a central role in human communication as well as in theological descriptions of the relationship between God and humans. One of the central aims of this book is to explore ways in which 'others', different from the designated preacher, influence contemporary preaching practices and in that sense can be seen as co-authors. As material for this investigation the book provides analyses of four theologians who have contributed significantly to contemporary homiletical developments, namely those of the American homileticians Charles Campbell, John S. McClure, and James H. Harris and the Danish Systematic Theologian, Svend Bjerg. The homiletical analyses lead to the thesis, that the dialogical encounter between author, and addressees, analyzer and analyzed, is one of the conditions of interpretation and communication rather than a disturbance. The communication theoretical and practical theological analyses are discussed in light of Kierkegaard's, Barth's and Jüngel's emphasis on the 'qualitative difference' between God and humans. These concluding reflections suggest ways in which inter-human otherness can function as a dynamically conjoining rather than mutually exclusive difference between God as the 'Wholly Other' and 'other-wise' humans.
Towards Koinonia in faith, life and witness : message, section reports, discussion paper
People of God, peoples of God : a Jewish-Christian conversation in Asia
The contribution of socratic method and Plato's theory of truth to Plato scholarship
Form and argument in late Plato
Transform! : European journal for alternative thinking and political dialogue. 01/2007, Re-founding the European Union?
Agentive responsibility and possibilities of conjoined therapy for intimate relationship violence
Mentoring as dialogue, collaboration and/or assessment?
Overhearing film dialogue
Essays on Orthodox Christian-Jewish relations
Plural voices : intradisciplinary perspectives on interreligious issues
The linguistic neg + pos pattern and two action combinations as resources for inerviewee stance taking in news interviews
Departures : at the crossroads between Heidegger and Kant
Anglicans in dialogue : the contribution of theological dialogues to the search for the visible unity of the Churches in the 1980s
Notes on the Anglican-Orthodox theological dialogue
"In Dialogue Editing for Motion Pictures, Second Edition veteran film sound editor John Purcell arms you with classic as well as cutting-edge practices to effectively edit dialogue for film, TV, and video. This new edition offers: - A fresh look at production workflows, from celluloid to Digital Cinema, to help you streamline your editing - Expanded sections on new software tools, workstations, and dialogue mixing, including mixing "in the box"--Fresh approaches to working with digital video and to moving projects from one workstation to another - An insider's analysis of what happens on the set, and how that affects the dialogue editor - Discussions about the interweaving histories of film sound technology and film storytelling - Eye-opening tips, tricks, and insights from film professionals around the globe - A companion website (www.focalpress.com/cw/purcell) with project files and video examples demonstrating editing techniques discussed in the book Don't allow your dialogue to become messy, distracting, and uncinematic! Do dialogue right with John Purcell's all-inclusive guide to this essential yet invisible art"--
Soundings in the religion of Jesus : perspectives and methods in Jewish and Christian scholarship
Two more pints
Transform! : European journal for alternative thinking and political dialogue. 04/2009, Crisis, crisis, crisis! : finance, economy, ecology, politics.
Christian-Muslim dialogue : theological and practical issues
Deepest differences : a Christian-Atheist dialogue
Social media in public diplomacy : survey on the social media communication of the Finnish missions abroad
Oh as a discourse marker
The novice language teacher's guide to survival : dialogue between the new and the experienced language teacher
Recent labour policy studies [1996]
From world mission to inter-religious witness
Covenant and hope : Christian and Jewish reflections : essays in constructive theology from the Institute for Theological Inquiry
The coordinated management of meaning : a festschrift in honor of W. Barnett Pearce
Romeo & Juliet : movie soundtrack
Dialogue processes in computer-mediated communication : a study of letters in the COM system
A speech act analysis of Glen Merzer's Anonymous
The undertaking
How are we to proclaim Christ in different cultures? This question was central to a landmark study on worship and culture conducted by the Lutheran World Federation between 1992 and 1999. Much has changed in the years since then: the world today more than ever is a multicultural global village. "Worship and Culture" revisits that LWF study and publication, shedding new light on the question from recent theological and sociological scholarship to expand and enrich the texts in the original three-volume work.This book includes texts from the main statements that came out of the original project as well as updated essays from some of the original contributors. It also adds new essays, prayers, and hymns to the conversation, inviting readers to consider what the life of the church should look like in today's hybrid, multicultural world. Contributors Julio Cezar Adam Scott Anderson Mark P. Bangert Thomas F. Best Stephen Burns Anscar J. Chupungco, OSB Joseph A. Donnella II Norman A. Hjelm Margaret Mary Kelleher, OSU Dirk G. Lange Gordon W. Lathrop Anita Monro Martha Moore-Keish Melinda A. Quivik Gail Ramshaw S. Anita Stauffer Benjamin M. Stewart Glaucia Vasconcelos Wilkey Joyce Ann Zimmerman, CPPS" Review: Thomas H. Schattauer-- Wartburg Theological Seminary, Dubuque, Iowa This wide-ranging collection of essays takes up the pathbreaking study of worship and culture sponsored by the Lutheran World Federation in the last decade of the twentieth century and carries the conversation forward into the twenty-first century. Readers new to that conversation will give thanks for this introduction to the seminal statements and work of the LWF study. Readers familiar with the issues will find here new treasures of understanding and insight. Mark R. Francis, CSV-- Catholic Theological Union, Chicago Offers a sure guide to the often complex development of recent thinking on culture and liturgy and moves the discussion forward by asking hard questions about the contextualization of worship with which all Christians need to contend. In bringing these superb essays together in one volume, Glaucia Vasconcelos Wilkey has done the churches an immeasurable service. Any serious study on worship and culture will now have to take into account this extraordinary resource."Dagmar Heller-- Ecumenical Institute at Bossey, Switzerland This volume not only revisits former Lutheran World Federation work but offers new contributions -- not just from Lutheran scholars -- to an important ecumenical discussion that sometimes seems to be forgotten. "
Drama as literature
Archaeology in the making : conversations through a discipline
Short presentation of the Orthodox-Lutheran dialogues
The book of joy
Dynamics of peace management : from interstate to inter-humanity dialogue
Plato at the Googleplex : Why philosophy won't go away
Worship and culture : foreign country or homeland?
The book of joy : lasting happiness in a changing world
Plato's Phaedo : proceedings of the second Symposium Platonicum Pragense
See what I mean : how to use comics to communicate ideas
Perspectives on dialogue in the new millennium
Encounter of religions in African cultures : report and papers of a consultation sponsored by the Lutheran World Federation and the World Council of Churches, University of Malawi, September 1989.
Religion, law and society : a Christian-Muslim discussion
Evolution and creationism : a documentary and reference guide
A dictionary of the Jewish-Christian dialogue
Science and the Eastern Orthodox Church
Transform! : European journal for alternative thinking and political dialogue. 03/2008, Capitalism's secular crisis and the European social model
Towards Dialogue Strategies for Cognitive Workload Management
Listening to Shin Buddhism : starting points of modern dialogue
Journey into Islam : the crisis of globalization
Lutherans and Catholics in dialogue. 4, Eucharist & ministry
Jewish-Christian dialogue and biblical exegesis
Communicating with one another : toward a psychology of spontaneous spoken discourse
"Con and Pro" : Early Modern texts in dialogue
Changing churches : an Orthodox, Catholic, and Lutheran theological conversation
: "Nathan Söderblom has been acknowledged as an important artisan of the dialogue aimed at re-establishing Christian unity based on initiatives that could promote common religious values despite denominational differences, by means of concrete actions and by understanding the way in which society [...] still remains the centre of God's attention." Daniel, Patriarch of Romanian Orthodox Church
Plato's Phaedo : a translation of Plato's Phaedo with introduction, notes and appendices
Diverse cultural and religious ways of thinking : a dialogue
Industrial relations in Europe 2006
Together in mission and ministry : papers presented in October 2008 in Åkersberg, Höör, Sweden : Porvoo Research Network
"Joan to Jan". Dialogue as an Aspect of Polyphony
Generating responses and explanations from RDF/XML and DAML+OIL : Graham Wilcock and Krsitiina Jokinen
Dialogue and discourse : a sociolinguistic approach to modern drama dialogue and naturally occurring conversation
Faith matters : case studies from the Faiths in Action Fund
Power and politeness in historical novels set during the American Civil War
Psychiatrists’ inner dialogues concerning workmates during need
Stepping stones to other religions : a Christian theology of inter-religious dialogue
Speech in the English novel
Volume I contains the lectures of Fall 1964 through Fall 1967, in which Sacks explores a great variety of topics, from suicide to children's games to Medieval Hell as a nemonic device to pronouns and paradoxes. But two key issues emerge: rules of conversational sequencing - central to the articulation of interaction, and membership categorization devices - central to the social organization of knowledge. This volume culminates in the extensive and formal explication of turn-taking which Sacks delivered in Fall, 1967.   Volume II contains the lectures of Spring 1968 through Spring 1972. Again he touches on a wide range of subjects, such as the poetics of ordinary talk, the integrative function of public tragedy, and pauses in spelling out a word. He develops a major new theme: storytelling in converstion, with an attendant focus on topic. His investigation of conversational sequencing continues, and this volume culminates in the elegant dissertation on adjacency pairs which Sacks delivered in Spring, 1972.
Nicholas of Cusa and Islam : polemic and dialogue in the late Middle Ages
Designing sound for animation
Towards Koinonia in faith, life and witness : a discussion paper, April 1993.
Logic for dialogue games
"I don't think so at all : negotiating a topic in collaboration : a sequence of assessment
Visions of the other : Jewish and Christian theologians assess the dialogue
I should have said : quick-witted comebacks I only wish I'd said... to friends and lovers
Silent thing : the dialogue between Greenpeace and Shell during the Brent Spar dispute
Textbook dialogues as models for spoken language?
Dialogue analysis. 9, Dialogue in literature and the media. : selected papers from the 9th IADA Conference, Salzburg 2003.. Pt. 2, Media
Political dialogue : theories and practices
Transform! : European journal for alternative thinking and political dialogue. 06/2010, Porto Alegre : the world ten years after
Interpreting the universe as creation : a dialogue of science and religion
Dialogue and conflict on religion : studies of classroom interaction in European countries
Intercultural competence and intuition : an integrative approach
The quadrilog : tradition and the future of ecumenism : essays in honor of George H. Tavard
Communion of churches and Petrine ministry : Lutheran-Catholic convergences
The three sons of Abraham : interfaith encounters between judaism, christianity and islam
Roots in China - childhood in America : the search of ethnic identity in between two cultures : the study of the mother-daughter dialogue in the film "The joy luck club"
Investing in home-preschool collaboration for understanding social worlds of multilingual children
Dialogic pedagogy : the importance of dialogue in teaching and learning
Metamorphoses of a text within the Stalinist context : Kornei Chukovskii's "A high art" in the 1930s
Talk the talk : a dialogue workshop for scriptwriters
Anglican/Roman Catholic dialogue : the work of the preparatory commission
Buber and education : dialogue as conflict resolution
Interpreting Proverbs 11:18-31, Psalm 73, and Ecclesiastes 9:1-12 in light of, and as a response to, Thai Buddhist interpretations : a contribution to Christian-Buddhist dialogue
A pedagogy for liberation : dialogues on transforming education
Plato's literary garden : how to read a Platonic dialogue
Jews, Christians and Muslims all trace their history and spiritual raison d'etre to their common tribal ancestor, Abraham. Their religious identities are interrelated and even dependent on each other. Jesus lived as a Jew and Christianity was born in the heart of Judaism. Early Christianity was inherently Jewish, referring to the same scriptures-the Tanach, later called the "Old Testament"-and holding to the same messianic promises. Mohammed, the prophet of Islam, knew both Christianity and Judaism. The Qur'an contains material indebted to the Old Testament and Jewish tradition, as well as stories and teachings from the New Testament; and Mohammed himself met Jews and Christians alike during his lifetime. Furthermore, the three religions share many fundamental ideas and beliefs. They testify to the same memory of Abraham; value the same divine law; urge the same ideal of righteousness; and proclaim the same hope of peace for the earth and salvation for humankind. Despite this shared heritage, the three Abrahamic faiths have sometimes been more closely identified not for what they offer to save the world but for what they bring to destabilise it. It is one of the depressing paradoxes of religion- supposedly a force for good-that it is all too frequently the occasion for conflict instead of peace, generosity and better treatment of one's neighbor. The contributors to this volume start from the premise that there is a price to be paid by the "sons of Abraham": whether Jews, Muslims or Christians. And that is the cost of learning how to be brothers through mutual and attentive engagement. Mature interfaith discussion offers respect for a shared heritage while also recognising points of distinctiveness. This book explores what articulating such regardful difference, as well as commonality, might mean for the future of faith relations. Including provocative reflections by Elie Wiesel, Irving Greenberg, Hans Küng and others, the book makes a vital contribution to dialogue. In its searching analysis of issues of peace, justice, hope and forgiveness, it will engage all students and scholars of interfaith studies.
Developing dialogic communication culture in media education : integrating dialogism and technology
Locke : No turning back
Stakeholder dialogue and regional engagement in the context of higher education
Mixed doubles : an entertainment on mariage
In this volume several theologians from different Christian traditions examine how Bartholomew I as Ecumenical Patriarch has influenced the contemporary European scene, the various dialogues between Orthodox churches and Reformed and Roman Catholic churches, the ongoing work of the World Council of Churches, and the modern ecumenical movement. These essays, largely from non-Orthodox authors, paint a portrait of the Ecumenical Patriarch that has been often overlooked in Western circles -- as a deeply Orthodox leader who wishes to relate Orthodoxy to the modern world and to have it make its contribution to the unity of Christians.
Women and interreligious dialogue
Evolution and religion : a dialogue
Three challenges for dialogue management : the constructive dialogue model approach
The Roman Catholic papacy has long been a thorny issue dividing the ecumenical church. In this book several outstanding Lutheran and Catholic theologians, known collectively as the Group of Farfa Sabina, present the results of their five-year dialogue, showing how the papal (Petrine) ministry might actually serve to unify the worldwide communion of churches. Offering biblical, historical, and canonical analyses of key Vatican texts, this volume opens up paths to new and surprising Lutheran-Catholic convergences. The volume as a whole reflects the mutual commitment of Farfa Sabina members to shaping declarations of intent into effective realities. -- Review: William G. Rusch -- Yale Divinity School "This work is an indispensable resource for anyone interested in overcoming the disunity of the churches. It demonstrates how high-quality scholarship can enlighten questions about the papacy that at first glance appear closed. Disclosing the potential for degrees of resolution to what were once regarded as intractable barriers to greater unity, this report cannot be recommended too highly." John A. Radano -- Seton Hall University "A significant contribution to promoting ecumenical advance, this book is a must-read for those interested in the work of reconciliation among divided Christians."
Nathan Söderblom : artisan of Christian unity between North and East : his correspondence with Orthodox personalities (1896-1931)
Question-reply argumentation
Digital scaffold supporting dialogue and acquisition of academic language related to argumentation during online inquiry
Matchbox theatre : thirty short entertainments
Roman Catholics and Evangelicals : agreements and differences
