http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14542 immigration
immigration
Over the last four decades the sociological life course approach with its focus on the interplay of structure and agency over time life course perspective has become an important research perspective in the social sciences. Yet, while it has successfully been applied to almost all fields of social inquiry it is much less used in research studying migrant populations and their integration patterns. This is puzzling since understanding immigrants' integration requires just the kind of dynamic research approach this approach puts forward: any integration theory actually refers to life course processes. This volume shows fruitful cross-linkages between the two research traditions. A range of studies are presented that all apply sociological life course concepts to research on migrants and migrant groups in Europe. The book is organized thematically, indicating different important domains in the life course. Using a wide variety of methodological approaches, it covers both quantitative studies based on population census data and survey material as well as qualitative studies based on interviews. Attention is paid to the life courses of those who migrated themselves as well as their offspring. The studies cover different European countries, relating to one national context or a particular local setting in a city as well as cross-country comparisons. Overall the book shows that applying the sociological life course approach to migration and integration research may advance our understanding of immigrant settlement patterns as well as further develop the life course perspective.
Bloody foreigners : the story of immigration to Britain
Immigration and integration : the global challenge
Creating a new racial order : how immigration, multiracialism, genomics, and the young can remake race in America
Moving to the United States of America and immigration
The Atlantic migration 1607-1860 : a history of the continuing settlement of the United States
The article deals with the specificity of initial labour integration for Russian-speaking students who study at the universities of Helsinki, Jyväskylä, Tampere, Turku and Helsinki. The empirical databases from the Finnish Social Science Data Archive (Tampere, 2006) are used as a basis for analysis. The empirical data has been processed using the SPSS 11.0 program. The results, based on mathematical and statistical analysis, allow us to draw conclusions about the existence of several differentiated levels of success in terms of the integration for Russian-speaking immigrants in Finland. As a result, four types of integration have been classified as follows - “well-integrated”, “potentially well-integrated”, “moderately integrated”, and “poorly integrated”. Whereas the first two types of integration are characterized by how successfully the immigrants integrate into the labour market, their language skills and the types of labour they are engaged in, the other two types are characterized by other influencing factors (educational “load,” family ties, secondary labour activity, obstacles to labour activity).
Balayi : culture, law and colonialism. Vol. 6.
"America Would Lose its Soul" : The immigrant Restriction Debate 1920-1924
"US and them" the future of Europe at stake : values defining the EU society and the case of community immigration policy
Meeting a child of the Karelian fever
Australia's immigration policy
Heading south, seeking the north : the issue of illegal migratory fluxes to Italy, and from Italy to northern Europe
IOM regional seminar on migrant trafficking through the Baltic states and neighbouring countries : 17-18 September 1998, Vilnius, Lithuania
Odysseus programme : IOM research initiative for Baltic countries : International and National Legal Measures Relating to Irregular Migration with Particular Reference to the Baltic States : August 19, 1999 - February 15, 2000 Helsinki, Finland. Final Report
A century of Chinese exclusion abroad
Canada and immigration : public policy and public concern
Contemporary labour migration : national and international perspectives
Labor migration in the border region is one of the important processes of interaction of neighboring countries. This process intensifies in a globalizing world economy. The article presents a study of international labor migration from the Republic of Karelia, Russia. The article presents the Karelia's labor migration and make an analysis of how well they'correspond to the world trends of labor migration; highlights of the institutional conditions for migration of population in Karelia; the method of research and the results of the study; proposals for authorities in regulation of migration flows at regional level in a globalizing world economy..
Abstract.
Fiscal effects of immigration depend on labour market outcomes
Adapting to a Finnish workplace : case : occupational immigration of Chinese metal workers
The Arrival
Immigration and the American tradition
Immigration strategy for Northern Ostrobothnia 2015
Somalis in European cities : overview
Immigration, asylum and terrorism : a changing dynamic in European law
Todo in Tuscany : a dog at the villa
Immigration, the American mosaic : from pilgrims to modern refugees
Blurred boundaries : migration, ethnicity, citizenship
Journalism
This article deals with the positive and negative consequences of foreign labour migration in Russia. The authors emphasize that Russia is not a homogeneous country. The socio-economic implications for regions differ. This study has found foreign labour migration to be a complicated socio-economic phenomenon, which has a dual effect on the labor market in Russia: on the one hand it is filling the gap in the labour force caused by the demographic crisis; on the other hand it increases the tension on the labour market because of migrants.
The good daughter : my mother's hidden life
Sport labor migration, globalization and dual-career : case study of international student-athletes in University of Colorado at Boulder
Opinion surveys on attitudes towards immigration are becoming more and more important, owing to the increasing role of political debate on migration issues in Western European countries. CNR has conducted four surveys on this topic, collecting data on the evolution of Italians attitudes towards migration issues. In fact, the ? rst survey was conducted in the second half of the eighties, when foreign immigration was in its early stages. The last survey took place in 2002, when immigration was already well established in Italy. The article focuses on three main issues: the global impact of immigration on Italian society, the immigrants role in the labour market, and immigration policy. In general, the results of the last survey con? rm a trend that appeared already in 1997, of more balanced and realistic opinion that were less of a response to circumstances perceived as special emergencies. Highly educated people, teachers and students continue to be the most open and receptive groups, whereas the less favourably inclined and more worried continue to be old people, those with less education, the unemployed, housewives, and retirees.  .
Immigration, emigration, and migration
A nation by design : immigration policy in the fashioning of America
United States : entry and work permits
Nordic Journal of Migration Research
A linguistic limbo : migrants' perspectives and attitudes to the roles of English and Finnish in Finnish academic working life
Article deals with foreign labour migration influence on both qualitative and quantitative human capital parameters. Three global challenges negatively affecting human capital in a recipient-country were found out: low-skilled migrants; contradictions in the present-day migration processes; non-application of competence-based approach towards foreign labour migrants. Authors elaborated a number of recommendations on migration policy for Russian authorities to overcome these disadvantages..
Signal : kirjoituksia liikkumisen vapaudesta = writings on the freedom of movement. 1, Spring 2015
A life-course perspective on migration and integration
The political challenges of immigration [pääkirjoitus]
The multicultural moment
The significance of work for one's identity in integration into Finnish society : a case study of two Somalian women in Finland
Encounter with strangers : the European experience
The image of Finland as a culturally and ethnically homogeneous nation is erroneous. The country's "old minorities" include the Swedish-speakers, the indigenous Sami, and the Romani. Several smaller ethno-cultural and religious groups have resided in Finland since the nineteenth century. Increasing immigration is now further diversifying Finland. Many of the old and new minorities have clearly-defined regional hearths, as do many distinctive segments of the majority culture. This article provides an overview of Finland's three largest minorities, religions, foodways, the new immigration, and the recent English-language sources available on these topics. The discussion emphasizes the new understanding of the country's ethno-cultural make-up and political, legal, and social challenges that have followed the recent change.
The UK Economy and Immigrants : Work prospects of foreign nationals from 1980's to present day
Behold the dreamers : a novel
Transnational adoption, technologies of exclusion, and the promise of 'home'
The childhood of Jesus
Immigration will bring about a favourable change in the age structure, as the majority of immigrants are young adults. The effects on the public finances will above all depend on the impact of population growth on the costs of various publicly funded services and on the labour market performance of the immigrants. While population growth increases the costs of some publicly funded services, not all the costs will grow proportionally with the population. The average employment rate for immigrants is lower than for natives but it can be influenced. Immigration does not appear to weaken the employment prospects for the native population..
Key figures on immigration 2014.
The changing residential patterns of immigrants : the case of Sweden 1973-1992
Many African migrants residing abroad nurture a hope to one day return, at least temporarily, to their home country. In the wake of economic crises in the developed world, alongside rapid economic growth in parts of Africa, the impetus to 'return' is likely to increase. Such returnees are often portrayed as agents of development, bringing with them capital, knowledge and skills as well as connections and experience gained abroad. Yet, the reality is altogether more complex. In this much-needed volume, based on extensive original fieldwork, the authors reveal that there is all too often a gaping divide between abstract policy assumptions and migrants' actual practices. In contrast to the prevailing optimism of policies on migration and development, Africa's Return Migrants demonstrates that the capital obtained abroad is not always advantageous and that it can even hamper successful entrepreneurship and other forms of economic, political and social engagement.
Differences in wages and redistribution as migration incentives
Finnish Social and Health Care Professionals in the United States of America
Education as a vehicle for mobility? : exploring the relationship between ethnicity, education and labor market positioning in the Netherlands
Cultural diversity in Finland
An opportunity and a challenge : migration in the European Union
HOW HAVE KOUVOLA CITIZENS’ ATTITUDES TOWARDS FOREIGNERS CHANGED FROM 2005 TO 2010
Globalisation, ethnicity and international migration : the comparison of Finland, Hungary and Russia
Italians and Foreign Immigration
The Finnish service sector trade union Palvelualojen ammattiliitto or Service Union United has the largest amount of migrant members of all Finnish trade unions. It walks the narrow line between defending the perceived interests of its members from the 'threat' of labour immigration, and simultaneously trying to act as an immigrantfriendly force. This qualitative case study analyses the outcomes of the union's strategies in questions related to immigration. The outcomes affect different immigrant groups in a different manner. Furthermore, the established quasi-state character of the Finnish trade union movement affects both the strengths and weaknesses of its strategies. The politicized anti-immigration views in the Finnish society indirectly to some degree impact trade union strategies. Results suggest that the lay distinction between 'us' and 'them' based on nationality still shapes trade union strategy in a way that can be labeled selective solidarity.
Over the past 30 years the relative incomes and employment rates of immigrants have sunk, while immigrants unemployment rates rose. The overrepresentation in the welfare transfer system and an increasing housing segregation cause concern and is much debated. The general opinion is that immigrants are less integrated into the Swedish society today than in former times. The aim of this literature review is to if this is true. The working hypothesis is that immigrants were integrated during the period 1945-1975. A set of nine variables are discussed to examine whether the immigrants 1945-1975 were integrated. Although explorative by its character, the results indicate that immigrants were not as integrated in former times as commonly believed. Contrary to common belief significant improvements in integration has, in some areas, actually been achieved! The integration of immigrants has not changed from good to bad, but rather from bad to worse. .
Finding home : real stories of migrant Britain
Self-interested governments, labor unions, and immigration policy
Finnish Journal of Ethnicity and Migration
Economy, ethnicity and international migration : the comparison of Finland, Hungary and Russia
Summary : A set of migration policy proposals for Europe (s. 11-14).
U.S. immigration policy from 1965 to present
Finland and the international movement of people in changing Europe
Migration : character and scope, economic potential, regional perspectives : interviews, essays, editorials
European migration : what do we know?
Border vigils : keeping migrants out of the rich world
Builders of a New Europe : women immigrants from the Eastern Trans-regions
Irish immigrants and Scottish society in the nineteenth and twentieth centuries : proceedings of the Scottish Historical Studies Seminar University of Strathclyde 1989-90
Key concepts in migration
The dark side of zionism : Israel's quest for security through dominance
The ramparts of nations : institutions and immigration policies in France and the United States
Migration-development nexus in the Malawian health sector : European Union blue card -circular migration for development?
Brides of war
Social Integration Programme : case: Lahti University of Applied Sciences, Faculty of Business Studies
The Bidirectional Integration Programme
Migrants in Europe : problems of acceptance and adjustment
Immigration detention, risk and human rights : studies on immigration and crime
Africa's return migrants : the new developers?
Traduction et (im)migration = Translation and (im)migration
Helsinki and Finland attract people [pääkirjoitus]
Foreign labor migration and human capital development in Russia
Serious games as catalyst for intercultural literacy development? : a case study of Immigropoly
Immigrant artists' intercultural identity formation and development process through art making
In this paper, the relationship between education and labor market positioning for Surinamese Dutch in Amsterdam, the Netherlands, is explored. The relationship is measured at two points with a 10 year interval. Over these years, little change can be noted in labor market positioning, while educational achievements increase drastically. In the discussion, several explanations are suggested. The relationship between education and labor market positioning in the country today is used to conclude that in Amsterdam and the Netherlands, the relationship between education and labor market positioning is not linear and local data are needed to understand local labor markets to the fullest..
Russia and immigration - present and future [pääkirjoitus]
Helsinki in transnational historical perspectives
Push and pull migration : a systems approach revisited in a contemporary context
For generations of migrant workers, Imperial County--the California desert region where the U.S. borders Mexico--has held the promise of paradise and the reality of hell. Award-winning writer Vollmann takes readers deep into the heart of this haunted region.
Cawaale iyo Ceebla oo dalka Kanada u soo qaxay  =  Awale and Ebla moved to Canada
Migration Trends, Social Change and Cooperation in the Baltic Regions : Regional Conference arranged by the Government of Finland and the International Organization for Migration 11-12 May 1993 : Report of the Conference
Combating the illegal employment of foreign workers
Israel pocket library. 6, Immigration and settlement
Immigration cinema in the new Europe
This book shows the different ways in which migration matters in the context of global and local childhood and youth. Furthermore, it highlights that childhood, youth and migration as well as local and global perspectives need to be thought and analyzed together, to address the significant dimensions of social inequality in the context of growing up. Migration as a phenomenon is most often motivated by the search for a better life. Very often children and young people, migrating alone or together with their families, migrate to ameliorate their own or others' living conditions and seize opportunities for realizing a good life. Today as well as in the past this search for a better life is very often triggered by socio-economic reasons, war or terrorism. Against the backdrop of the topic raised above the book deals with children and young people's own perspective in countries of migration. It promotes the idea of connecting global and local issues of childhood and youth with a special focus on questions of education. It studies questions of global and local living and highlights living circumstances shaped by patterns of migration and mobility.
EU Single Market  : The evolution of the European Single Market
Internalization of migration pressure
Patching the population pyramid in Japan : an ethnic dilemma
The free world
The Migrants Forum Finnish Support Group
A history of immigration : the case of Norway 900-2000
Remittances, assimilation problems and some other aspects of Punjabi immigrants in the UK
The twelve tribes of Hattie
Complications in family reunification
Are you planning to move to Finland ?
Crime, punishment and migration
Low-educated second language and literacy acquisition : proceedings of the 8th symposium
Abstract: EU single market : the evolution of the European single market. The purpose of this study paper was to define what is the EU Single Market in theory, how it began and to compare it with the current reality. Problems achieving political objectives in the 1990s. Also, what it has turned into today i.e. the EU's enlargements 2004 and 2007 to 27. Demographics and what kind of economic convergence takes place in new member states. The methodology used in this study was qualitative. They consisted of both source books and newspaper articles, and the internet news agencies e.g. Financial Times, Telegraph, and web sources of the European Commission. The results revealed that the Union has many issues and failures. It is also clear that stability is difficult to maintain as many factors influence the situation of the Union e.g. different economies of the member states in the South and North, convergence issues. GDP is not a perfect measurement to see what is going on because even if the GDP is high it may not mean that a state is wealthy. The conclusion of the study was that the EU is a political union. Its enlargement is hard to understand as the criteria used to assess eligibility of a state are very subjective. The contemporary issues with such member states as Latvia, Greece, Ireland, Spain and Estonia joining Euro currency as an example of success while other states struggle make the EU look very political union rather than economic one.
The culture of immigration in Italy : the Romagna region
¡Adios, America! : the Left's plan to turn our country into a Third World hellhole
External border management as an instrument of migration control
Committed : a love story
Why analyze immigrants? : ethical and empirical aspects
Essays on migration
Care and connectivity in labour migration
Hong Kong : the complete residents' guide
This book provides lucid and intuitive explanations of the most important migration concepts as used in classrooms, among policymakers, and in popular and academic discourse. Arguing that there is a clear need for a better public understanding of migration, it sets out to clarify the field by exploring relevant concepts in a direct and engaging way. Each concept: * Includes an easy to understand definition * Provides real-world examples * Gives suggestions for further reading * Is carefully cross-referenced to other related concepts It is an ideal resource for undergraduate and post-graduate students studying migration in sociology, politics, development and throughout the social sciences, as well as scholars in the field and practitioners in governmental and non-governmental organizations.
Irregular Migration in the CIS and the Baltic States : Papers from the IOM seminar in Kyiv 27-29 January 1997.
Impact of globalization of the world economy on the transboundary labor migration in the Russian border region Karelia
Immigration – a chance to enhance urban planning?
Abandoning America : life-stories from early New England
Emigrating to New Zealand
British immigrants and Australia : a psychosocial inquiry
Galway, Ireland, 12.-13.5.2010.
Still the golden door : the Third World comes to America
Childhood, youth and migration : connecting global and local perspectives
Executive summary.
Exodus : immigration and multiculturalism in the 21st century
Integration of Immigrants in Sweden 1945-1975
Internationalization and migration pressure
The foreign in-law
Towards a European immigration policy
Towards a stronger social dimension of the European Union
Hidden in plain sight : how I sheltered a refugee
How to live & work in Canada : a new life in Canada : all you need to know
Finland and Sweden : matching labor market needs with talented migrants
Self-selection and earnings of emigrants from a welfare state
The latest financial crisis has given rise to sweeping transformations in labor markets. Today, many developed countries require a variety of skilled workers in order to develop a knowledge economy. Since these countries face certain internal demographic and educational problems that are obstacles to sustained economic growth, they require skilled migrant workers. Our study analyzes these situations in two Nordic countries, Finland and Sweden. We found that both countries are using an active strategy through policies aimed to attract and retain the most talented foreign students and workers, easing their entrance into labor markets and granting them permanent residence..
Football labor emigrations within globalization and the sample of Turkey
Migration in Russia : pros and cons
Americanah
Immigration and ethnic diversity in Finnish and Dutch magazines : articulations of subject positions and symbolic communities
Finnish settlements in rural Thunder Bay : changes in an ethnic community
This article deals with the Finnish-Russian border in light of the European external border control policy and its impact on immigration. The 1985 Schengen agreement removed internal European border controls and external border protection became a major concern of the European Union (EU) and heads of states. The European discourse towards immigration changed during the last decade and patterns show tighter external borders. This research follows the Copenhagen school of security and scrutinises the Finnish external border approach under the aspect of immigration. It analyses the socio-economic importance of the Finnish-Russian border in comparison to the European trend that decreases the penetrability of external borders. The study results show that the Finnish policy approach focuses on regional development in order to achieve economic balance in the border regions. This approach is supposed to increase security by economic rather than by traditional border control strategies..
Illegal migration in Lithuania: trends, current state, and problems : report : Project: voluntary return of stranded migrants from Baltic countries
Recession and its effects on immigrants
The great white walls are built : restrictive immigration to North America and Australasia 1836-1888
Victim identified? : how the controlling mechanisms of illegal migration are affecting to the identification of victim of human trafficking in Finland?
"Immigrant crisis" of 1999-2001 in Slovenia : Fabula, Plebs and Lex
The art of coming home
Why Karelian "fever"?
The Gatekeepers : comparative immigration policy
This article aims to discuss one of the phenomena of globalization: the impact of migration on sports, using football players in Turkey as an example. By presenting examples from both national and international sports teams, the growing number of migrant football players and their role in the capitalist economy is examined as it pertains to sport, as well as how they are treated within that system, economically and legally. The emigration of football players requires a social, economic, political and cultural evaluation. The article is focused on the rights and freedom, civilly and labor-wise, of emigrant football players who are brought to or come to Turkey..
The distant present
Immigrant small businesses in Uppsala : disadvantage in labour market and success in small business activities
Pre-acculturation among voluntary migrants
Multicultural Australia : the Australian experience
Gaining from migration : towards a new mobility system
Are you planning to move to Finland?
Attraction of the Nordic countries in international migration
IOM regional seminar on Migrant trafficking through the Baltic states and neighbouring countries : 17-18 September 1998, Vilnius, Lithuania : report
Emerging Joint Expertise? Multiagency Collaboration Described in Local Integration Programmes in Finland
Discourses of integration : immigrants' perceptions of cross-cultural adaptation in letters to the editor
The true colors of Finnish welfare nationalism : consolidation of neo-populist advocacy as a resonant collective identity through mobilization of exclusionary narratives of blue-and-white solidarity
A better life for half the price : how to prosper on less money in the cheapest places to live
Immigration in U.S. history. Volume 2, Indigenous superordination - Zadvydas v. Davis
International highly skilled migration : the case of Finland
The Dilemma of American immigration : beyond the golden door
Image of migration in Western Europe in 1990s
Odysseus programme : Regional Co-ordination Seminar for Baltic Migration Officials : Irregular Migration: Push - Pull a Joint Responsibility : 20 October 1999, Tallinn, Estonia
Challenges of intercultural vocational education and training : developing a strand model in the change laboratory
Diversity management and intercultural communication experiences in multicultural organisations in South Ostrobothnia
This article provides an overview on the contemporary literature on the push and pull factors of international migration, particularly on that from countries in transition to advanced welfare states. The article stresses the importance of the economic factor in the country of destination. This suggests that pull factors are often more signifi cant than push factors, in contemporary international migration..
Multiagency collaboration is seen as an essential way of working to promote the two-way integration of newcomers and a receiving society. The term multiagency collaboration underlines the diversity of actors in cooperation. Cross-sectorial networks are mentioned in higher strategies as well as in the local programmes or plans for action. But how is multiagency work structured at the local level? This article looks at the examples of multiagency collaboration in the written documents of local integration programmes in the Finnish context. The examples are chosen from different areas. It seems that collaboration is widely emphasized as a goal or a working method. Whereas expertise in integration work is relatively novel in Finland, more analytical awareness of multiagency collaboration could support learning in networks and developing hybrid practices in this emerging field of knowledge.
Constructing containment : a critical analysis of the framing of trafficking in human beings in European Parliament discourse
Asylum procedure in Finland
Refugees and a local community : a study of aborted establishment of an asylum seeker center in Jämsä in 2010
EU single market : the evolution of the European single market
Practise what you preach : the prospects for visa freedom in Russia-EU relations
Immigrant associations in the Metropolitan Area of Finland : forms of mobilisation, participation and representation
Kinship, migrations and the state
Changing landscapes : managing migration and skills : Canada's newcomer integration programs
The immigrant's guide to living in australia
Integration and Work-based Learning : The Case of Info Bank
The media use of ethiopians in Finland
Immigration as a factor in American history
Initial labour integration of Russian-speaking students in Finland
"Us and them" the future of Europe at stake : values defining the EU society and the case of community immigration policy
Trade Union Responses to Labour Immigrants: Selective Solidarity
'I want my children to grow up in this country' : Polish family migration experiences in Finland in the context of the EU enlargement
Quite often the debate over immigrants in various EU countries occupies a central space in public opinion, especially when it comes to the issue of illegal migration, which at the same time constitutes one of the major challenges for the governments of these countries. However, the so-called “gateway countries” occupy a crucial position in this debate since they have continuously faced critical situations with respect to illegal migratory fluxes during the last 10 years. One of these countries is Italy, an industrial giant with one of the largest labour markets in the EU..
A nation of immigrants
Host culture acceptance, religiosity, and the threat of Muslim immigration: An integrated threat analysis in Spain
Immigration in Western Europe : development, situation, outlook
European Pact on Immigration and Asylum and the Stockholm programme: lines of consideration in recent EU immigration policies with a view to policy coherence for development
In a free state : the novel
Examining effectiveness of an immigrant labor market integration intervention : the role of acculturation, discrimination, self-efficacy, outcome expectances, action and coping planning
The Norwegian pattern of international migration changed profoundly in the last part of the previous century. Norway is now an immigration country, with a significant immigration surplus from all parts of the world. This is a comparatively new phenomenon in Norwegian society. In accordance with Norwegian traditions, it called for research. During the last 10-15 years, the amount of statistics and analyses on immigration and immigrants has been growing, inside and outside Statistics Norway. Ethical aspects should be important, as this a very sensitive field. Questions have been raised as to the use of immigrant as a permanent classification in analyses, comprising even persons who never immigrated themselves. The basic idea of this article is that as long as the concept of immigrant is useful in revealing discriminatory practices, we have to carry out the analysis. Without knowledge of discrimination we cannot work effectively against it. .
The political potential of migrants is often overlooked in discussions around integration
The illegal : a novel
Immigration in U.S. history. Volume 1, Accent discrimination - Indentured servitude
International practice and policy trends in international labour immigration
Labor market effects of immigration in economies with search frictions
Migration : bulletin
Immigration and nationality
