http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14595 Finno-Ugric peoples
Finno-Ugric peoples
Finno-Ugrics and Pribaltics : a second paper of the paper of 1985 with additions
Studies on shamanism
Auasi : Eesti etnoloogide jälgedes ... (80 aastat hõimurahvaste osakonna avamisest Raadil) = A matter of honour : in the footsteps of Estonian ethnologists ... (80th anniversary of the opening of the Finno-Ugric department at the Estonian National Museum) = Delo česti : po sledam èstonskih ètnologov ... (K 80-letiû pervoj finno-ugorskoj vystavki Èstonskogo nacional'nogo muzeâ)
On earliest Finno-Ugrian mythologic beliefs : comparative and historical considerations for reconstruction
Dreaming, bear spirit, and Finno-Ugric women's handicrafts
Ugriculture 2000 : suomalais-ugrilaisten kansojen nykytaiteet : Karjala-Komi-Mari-Mordva-Udmurtia-Unkari-Viro = contemporary art of the Fenno-Ugrian peoples : Karelia-Komi-Mari-Mordvinia-Udmurt-Hungary-Estonia
Deficiencies of official bilingualism in the Finno-Ugric republics of Post-Soviet Russia : a legal perspective
Time-bound theories about the origin of the Finns
Physical anthropology and traditional culture of Finno-Ugrie peoples : materials of Soviet-Finnish symposium, Helsinki, may 1991 [i.e. 1989] = Fizičeskaâ antropologiâ i tradicionnaâ kul'tura finnougorskih narodov, antropologičeskaâ čast' : materialy sovetsko-finlândskogo simpoziuma, Hel'sinki, maj 1989
The Pre- and Protohistoric Finns both Eastern and Western, with the Magic Songs of the West Finns
World congress of the finno-ugric peoples Lahti, Finland June 15-17, 2016 : finno-ugric peoples towards sustainable development : speeches and documents
Congressus decimus internationalis Fenno-ugristarum, Joshkar-Ola 15.08. - 21.08.2005.. Pars 3, Summaria acroasium in sectionibus : folkloristica & ethnologia, litteratura, archaeologia & anthropologia & ethnic historia
The finno-ugrian collections in finnish libraries and the access to them
The Finno-Ugric republics and the Russian State
The early history of the Finno-Ugric peoples of European Russia
Finno-ugorskoe mnogogolosie v kontekste drugih muzykal'nyh kul'tur = Finno-Ugric multi-part music in the context of other music cultures = Soome-ugri mitmehäälne muusika teiste muusikakultuuride kontekstis
An archeologist speculates on the origin of the Finno-Ugrians
Die gesellschaftlichen Funktionen der Volksbräuche bei den finnisch-ugrischen Völkern = Sotsialnyje funktsii narodnyh obytšajev finno-ugorskih narodov = The social function of folk customs among the finno-ugric peoples = A népszokások társadalmi funkciói a finnugor népek körében
Kansainvälinen valokuvanäyttely suomalais-ugrilaisille kansoille, 1992 Savitaipale = International Exhibition of Photography for Finno-Ugric Peoples, 1992 Savitaipale = Nemzetközi fotókiállitás a finnugor népekröl, 1992 Savitaipale
The genealogy of the Finns : the Finno-Ugrian peoples
Who are the Finns? : a study in prehistory
Revival, invention or re-invention of traditions? The Mari diaspora
Historia Fenno-ugrica. I:1 : Congressus primus historiae Fenno-ugricae / edendum curaverunt: Kyösti Julku ... [et al.] ; [editor: Kyösti Julku]
The bibliography of mutual translations of Finno-Ugric literatures : preparatory materials = Bibliografiâ vzaimnyh perevodov dinno-ugorskih literatur : (rabočie materialy)
Finno-Ugric folk art
Congressus octavus internationalis Fenno-Ugristarum 10.-15.8.1995, Jyväskylä, Finland. Participes
The construction and erosion of Finno-Ugric identities
The great bear : a thematic anthology of oral poetry in the Finno-Ugrian languages
The pre- and Proto-historic Finns : both eastern and western with magic songs of the West Finns : in two volumes. Vol. 2
Aestii : an analysis of an ancient European civilization
Congressus nonus internationalis Fenno-Ugristarum, Tartu 7.-13.8.2000.. Pars 2, Summaria acroasium in sectionibus et symposiis factarum. Linguistica
The Finno-Ugrian peoples
Myths as multivalent poetry : three complementary approaches
Fibula, fabula, fact : the Viking Age in Finland
The Pre- and Protohistoric Finns both Eastern and Western, with the Magic Songs of the West Finns. Vol. 1
Mythic discourses : studies in Uralic traditions
Iso karhu : arkistokuvia etäsukukansoista = the great bear : old photographs of the Volga-Finnic, Permian Finnic and Ob-Ugrian peoples
Map of Finno-Ugric peoples = Karta finno-ugorskih narodov
Critical aspects on certain references toFinno-Ugric peoples in historical documents
4th World Congress of the Finno-Ugric Peoples, Tallinn, Estonia, August 15-19, 2004 : speeches and documents
Songs of the Northlands
The story of Kullervo
Bibliographia studiorum Uralicorum 1917-1987 = Bibliografiâpo uralistike = Bibliography on Uralic studies. 1, Arheologiâ = Archaeology
Aestii : an analysis of an ancient european civilization
The genetic relationship between the Finns and the Finnish Saami (Lapps) : analysis of nuclear DNA and mtDNA
In the footsteps of the bear : arctic primitivism in the European mind
What the world knows about the Finno-Ugrian peoples? : spreading and broadening of the information volume
Behind the texts and notes and the edition : M. A. Castrén's lectures on mythology
Jalkala '98 : abstracts for the conference held in Jalkala August 16, 1998
Congressus decimus internationalis Fenno-ugristarum = X Meždunarodnyj kongress finno-ugrovedov, Joškar-Ola 15.08. - 21.08.2005 : materialy X Meždunarodnogo kongressa finno-ugrovedov. Pars 8, Vystupleniâ i kommentarii na plenarnyh zasedaniâh; oficial'nye vystupleniâ, reči, privetstviâ i posterdoklady = Oratio plenaria et commentarii & orationes officialis
The Pre- and Protohistoric Finns both Eastern and Western, with the Magic Songs of the West Finns. Vol. 2
Is there a reason for the existence of an independent Finno-Ugric musicology? : a cognitive approach to the compound nature of Finno-Ugric music cultures
XXVIII International Finno-Ugrist Students' Conference : Tartu, 8.–11.05.2012 : teesid = abstracts = тезисы
Origin and area of settlement of the Fenno-Ugrian peoples
The philosophy and aesthetics of ethnofuturism
Substrata Uralica : studies on Finno-Ugrian substrate in Northern Russian dialects
FUSAC/CÉFO : Proceedings of the XIIIth Conference of the Finno-Ugric Studies Association of Canada = Les actes la conférence treiziéme de l'association canadienne des études finno-ougriennes, Simon Fraser University, British Columbia, Canada April 26-28, 2002
Bjarmaland (also Biarmaland, Biarmia, Byarmia, Bjarmia) and its inhabitants (Bjarmar, Beormas, Biarmar) are known to us through c. 30 medieval written sources, most of them written in Norse, a few in Latin and one in Anglo-Saxon. Majority of the texts were written during the 13th century, but the stories they relate may nevertheless be of earlier date. The Kings' Sagas in particular often refer to 10th century events. Oldest of the sources is the so-called Ohthere's account, a 9th century Anglo-Saxon text added to the OE Orosius translation. The rest of the sources are of Norse-Icelandic origin including a number of konungasögur, a few chronicles and íslendingasögur, some texts of geographical nature, a couple of þáttr, and a number of fornaldarsögur as well as six annals. Additionally Haralds saga gráfeldar contains a few skaldic verses.Written sources locate Bjarmaland to the White Sea. The words Terfinna land connect the location with the Kola Peninsula and the environs of the Varzuga River whereas the name Gandvík guides our interest towards the Kantalahti Bay of the White Sea. The name 'Vína' can be connected with either the Northern Dvina River or Viena Karelia. Written sources portray the Bjarmians as permanently settled group of Baltic Fennic speaking people that lived in the north of Europe since the Viking Age (first mentioned in writing in the 9th century) until the early Middle Ages (mid-13th century). Involvement in the international fur trade is implied and continuous contacts with Norwegians with both looting and trade as integral part of interaction are present in the descriptions. The Bjarmians cannot be connected ethnically with any existing group of people but must be considered as a group of their own. The origin of the specific ethnical identity most likely lies in economical interaction (trade with furs and possibly other items) with neighbouring areas. Since 12th-13th centuries new settlers moved to the northern areas and many political and economical changes occurred in Northern Fennoscandia and Russia, all of which would have contributed to a change that left the Bjarmians out of written sources.
The Finno-Ugrian hydronymic stem Voi- as a reflex of the former area of distribution of the Water Chestnut (Trapa natans)
Vanishing sources : a photographic survey of ten remote Finno-Ugrian peoples
The mythology of all races : in thirteen volumes. Volume 4, Finno-ugric, Siberian
Permskij zverinyj stil' kak čast' totemičeskoj social'no-ideologičeskoj sistemy : ego stadial'nyj harakter = The animal style as one of the components of social-ideological system and a stage in the development of fine arts
When literary efflorescence hit a steel wall
Shamanism and Norse myth and magic. Volume 2
Bibliographia studiorum Uralicorum 1917-1987 = Bibliografija po uralistike = Bibliography on Uralic studies. 2, Ètnografija i fol'kloristiska = Ethnology and folkloristics. Cast' 1 : Ètnografija = Part 1 : Ethnology
Traditions in the construction of cultural identity and strategies of ethnic survival
Ancient cultures of the Uralian peoples
The Finno-Ugric world : statistical handbook
Volga-Kama-Bjejala vidéki finnugor és török népzenegyujtes : 1958-1979 = Collection of Finno-ugrian and Turkic folk music in the Volga-Kama-Belaya region : 1958-1979
The pre- and Proto-historic Finns : both eastern and western with magic songs of the West Finns : in two volumes. Vol. 1
The genetic relationship between the Finns and the Saamis
Shamanism and Norse myth and magic. Volume 1
An anthology of Ugric folk literature : tales and poems of the Ostyaks, Voguls and Hungarians
The Finno-Ugric World
Congressus nonus internationalis Fenno-Ugristarum, Tartu 7.-13.8.2000.. Pars 1, Orationes plenariae & Orationes publicae
Uralic original home : history of studies : a preliminary review
Supernatural heroes in Finno-Ugric shamanism
Congressus decimus internationalis Fenno-ugristarum = X Meždunarodnyj kongress finno-ugrovedov, Joškar-Ola 15.08. - 21.08.2005 : materialy X Meždunarodnogo kongressa finno-ugrovedov. Pars 6, Arheologiâ, antropologiâ i istoriâ = Archeologia & historia
The Finno-Ugric collections at the National Museum of Finland
The pre- and proto-historic Finns both eastern and western with the magic songs of the West Finns
Finno-Ugric ethnicities in Russia : yesterday, today, and tomorrow
Congressus nonus internationalis Fenno-Ugristarum, Tartu 7.-13.8.2000.. Pars 4, Dissertationes sectionum : Linguistica 1
Folklore and the encounters of traditions : Finnish-Hungarian Symposium on Folklore and the Encounters of Traditions, 18-20 March 1996, Jyväskylä
