http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14538 compliance with requirements
compliance with requirements
An introduction to requirements engineering
It is always believed that a company or an organization in a particular city or country having the proper mechanism to govern the entire organization is regarded as an effective and efficient company. Every organizational company has a staff that helps the company to achieve its aims and objectives. A company which does not have the resources to manage its staff is considered as having loopholes in their day to day activities. “Otchpaul Chemist Ghana Limited” is based in Ghana and it does not have the proper application software to enable it to manage its staff efficiently and effectively. This company's main business is to manufacture drugs for the people of Ghana. The company has almost 50 employees working in various sectors throughout the country. The company still uses a manual file based system to record employee activities, which makes it difficult to trace a specific employee record. This thesis project entitled “Software Requirement Analysis for Employee Management System” was set to improve the company's current situation of recording employee information. It consists of all the services required to record employee information. The main functions were to handle basic employee information, to record different events concerning the employees, to print employee reports and to manage the company data. The method used to carry out the software requirements analysis was based on the Object Oriented Analysis Methods and Unified Modeling Language (UML). This Software Requirement Document (SRD) will serves as a guide during the actual implementation of the system. The development of this application software will be able to reduce the problem of maintaining and retrieving employee records. This application software would be a major improvement over the existing, outmoded system.
Requirements engineering : processes and techniques
Longing and belonging : parents, children, and consumer culture
Developing research based social work practice
Understanding your users : a practical guide to user requirements methods, tools, and techniques
Just enough requirements management : where software development meets marketing
The starting point of this thesis project was to analyse the system and software requirements for the Sales Management System to help Tin Phong Trading Co., Ltd. as a final assignment for the student to get a Bachelor's Degree in Business Information Technology. Tin Phong Trading Co., Ltd. is trading company in Ho Chi Minh city, Vietnam. The main business of the company is to trade motorcycle spare-parts in wholesale or retail within the local market. The sales management is still using the traditional method to record the customers' information, payments and purchases on paper or through MS Excel. It takes time to search the correct information when it is necessary. In order to solve their current sales management problems, a Sales Management System should be created. From this point of view, requirements analysis for Sales Management System should be carried out before creating a complete system in use. The first inevitable step in the requirements engineering process was to analyse the company all business cases in sales management by a feasibility study, which was the bases to go to two main parts of this project. First one was to analyse the system requirements for the Sales Management System of Tin Phong Trading Co., Ltd., and the second was to analyse the software requirements, which only includes three sub systems: Record product, Record potential customer, and Handle contract sale in the Sales Management System. The Sales Management System of Tin Phong Trading Co., Ltd. was analysed by using the Object-Oriented methods, Business Process Modelling, and UML in system process. After the assurance quality test of this project has been accepted by a steering group, the result of this project will handle to a developer for designing database and implementing software application in use. The database design and implementation phase will be carried out during spring of 2009 and completed in summer of 2009 according to the plan and decision of the steering group. However, this project is mortal part of the software system. It decides whether it could help the company to solve the sales management problems or not. Hopefully, after the Contract sale sub system applies in use at the Sales Department of the company in summer 2009, this project will be realized how important and helpful to the sales management process of Tin Phong Trading Co., Ltd.
Requirements engineering process for sales management system : case study: Tin Phong Trading Co., Ltd. / Volume 2/2
Discovering requirements : how to specify products and services
Requirements engineering process for sales management system : case study: Tin Phong Trading Co., Ltd. / Volume 1/2
Software engineering : theory and practice
Requirements engineering : a good practice guide
Software requirements : practical techniques for gathering and managing requirements throughout the product development cycle
The purpose of this thesis is to do research work on CRM software selection for small and medium sized enterprises. In detail, to examine the requirements from a SMEs' point of view and find out the suitable CRM vendors in the market.  Several chapters of theories were discussed in this study in order to apply the case studies and reach the result. In the beginning, definition of CRM and CRM implantation are concerned; then features of SMEs are defined and general CRM marketing situation is figured out. These several theory parts support the case studies and interviews.  The research method is qualitative method, and the research strategy is interview to define the requirements and cases studies to study SugarCRM and zoho CRM applications. The secondary data were collected from articles online and books and theses. The primary data came from the interviews. Data was collected and analyzed through case studies and interviews. In the cases, vendor, functionalities, scalabilities, pricing are analyzed.  Result for the research shows the requirements including easy to use, easy to implementation, high scalability and cost affordable of CRM in SMEs. Key functionalities that they pay attention to are customer contact and account management, lead management, sales forecast and inventory management.  There are lots of CRM applications in the market meet the requirements, such as Sugar CRM, Zoho CRM and so on. The conclusion of the report shows that most of the CRM packages are primarily contact management solutions that allow user to keep track on sales, marketing and service personnel on their prospects and customers and more effectively manage related activities.
CRM software selection in SME(s)
Requirement engineering process (inventory management system) : case: Bookstar Company Ghana Limited
Archetypes based techniques for development of domains, requirements and software / : towards LIMS Software Factory
The role of higher education as an essential component of the productive economy has been emphasized in the 21st century, resulting in a constant need to demonstrate compliance and excellence to various stakeholders. To achieve this, a large variety of internal and external evaluation processes have been developed. However, to connect these evaluations with continuous improvement has often proved challenging due to factors arising from organizational complexity. This compilation dissertation examines how various quality evaluations in higher education could be integrated in a meaningful and synergistic manner. Integration is analyzed both horizontally across the three missions of the university, as well as vertically ranging from external evaluations to self-assessment. The four research articles each support this whole from a different viewpoint. The results of the articles are complemented by a literature review of chosen relevant topics on quality management and evaluation in higher education. The results of this work suggest that a planned process of evaluations starting from the institution level could help evaluations build upon each other and to drive continuous improvement. A holistic view on evaluation and evaluation criteria could be of use in avoiding sub-optimization and ensuring that issues such as stakeholder engagement and societal impact are included in evaluations. The integration of evaluations would constitute a part of integrating an institution's management system and advance unity of effort. The ubiquitous concept of excellence can be seen as linking factor in integration, and an excellence award model was used as an example of a holistic evaluation framework. The theoretical contribution of this study contributes in the discussion regarding quality evaluation, excellence and the integration of management activities in higher education. For practitioners this dissertation work provides both practical tools arising from the results of the research articles, as well as a synthesis of theoretical and practical issues that should be accounted for when developing quality evaluation approaches in institutions of higher education.
The impacts of various implementing options for non-functional software requirements : case: label factory's production systems
Integrated quality evaluation in higher education
Definition of Metso Power Oy's boiler plant pressure equipment assemblies and their conformity assessment process
Software requirements : styles and techniques
Software requirement analysis for employee management system : case study: Otchpaul Chemist Ghana Limited
Requirements Engineering Process for Sales Management System : Case study: Tin Phong Trading Co., Ltd.
