http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14561 data registers
data registers
Government access and collection of private information
Centralized Debtor Database for Instant Loan Creditors - New Service Concept
Designing patient registry software for Kenyan healthcare
Handbook on the collection of fertility and mortality data
Computerization in the management of the criminal justice system : proceedings of the Workshop and the Symposium on Computerization of Criminal Justice Information at the Ninth United Nations Congress on the Prevention of Crime and the Treatment of Offenders : Cairo, Egypt, 29 April - 8 May 1995
The first steps for starting global businesses in Finland - From idea until the business plan : Project: Barisma – The worldwide website for bars, nightclubs and cafes
Nordic data protection law
Privacy and the information age
"This handbook provides technical guidance on statistical disclosure control and on how to approach the problem of balancing the need to provide users with statistical outputs and the need to protect the confidentiality of respondents.Statistical disclosure control is combined with other tools such as administrative, legal and IT in order to define a proper data dissemination strategy based on a risk management approach. The key concepts of statistical disclosure control are presented, along with the methodology and software that can be used to apply various methods of statistical disclosure control.Examples will also be used to illustrate methods described in the book. The handbook is based upon material prepared by the leading National Institute of Statistics in Europe. The context is relevant globally, not just within the EU. "-- Provided by publisher.
Data protection by design and default :  a study on new European operational data protection principles under the article 25 of the new European general data protection regulation and on their application in practice from the perspective of the private data controllers and processors
Every individual is represented in digital form in numerous data sets. Commercial companies use these digital representations as a basis for making decisions that affect the individual. This has implications for privacy and autonomy of the individual and the ability to construct one's own identity. This study describes how digital representations are created and for what purposes. An analysis is made of the implications this has for individuals and why privacy, autonomy, and identity construction are at stake. In this context legal protection of individuals is provided by data protection legislation. The current framework, however, appears to be insufficient in relation to the problems identified in this study. Other legal constructs are assessed to see whether alternative approaches could help offer legal protection. Finally, a proposal is presented to embed the concepts of digital personae and profiles (as forms of digital representations) as portraits in data protection law.
A survey of environmental monitoring and information management programmes of international organisations
Social Welfare and Health Care Data and Information Reform 2005 : working group report : English summary
Implementation of a registry management component for mobile sampling service
The virtual reference librarian's handbook
3D cadastre in an international context : legal, organizational, and technological aspects
Informatics and nursing : opportunities and challenges
How to design a sustainable national database (population register) for developing countries
Judicial Academy of Northern Finland
Privacy and data protection law : international development and Maltese perspectives
Accelerating customer relationships : using CRM and relationship technologies
Database nation : the death of privacy in the 21st century
Development and policy use of criminal justice information : proceedings of the Beijing seminar 12-16 September 1994
Personal information : privacy and the law
Application of a methodology designed to assess the adequacy of the level of protection of individuals with regard to processing personal data : test of the method on several categories of transfer : final report
European handbook on equality data : why and how to build to a national knowledge base on equality and discrimination on the grounds of racial and ethnic origin, religion and belief, disability, age and sexual orientation
Electronic solutions for Ethiopian health sector : electronic medical record (EMR) system
A study on copyright and legal deposit of online documents
This thesis describes the author's early-stage experience in starting a global business in Finland and explains the challenges, and also opportunities, occurred along the way from the moment the idea came to life until a comprehensive business plan was written.     The idea of Barisma came to life in December 2008 and is still under development after writing three business plans, seventeen months of thinking, planning and development, 4000 hours of R&D and 1000 hours of implementation. The results from the project present many achievements and disappointments that the author wishes to share with the readers to help them avoid mistakes, save them money and energy and eventually encourage them when starting global businesses in Finland.     This thesis explains the importance of know-how in the earliest of stages. It offers a 'seven-step' recommendation to be followed for a period of twenty four weeks by future entrepreneurs from two different points of view: the eyes and minds of the experts, researchers and experienced in starting global businesses; and the author's experience with Barisma. It states the importance of understanding the actual meaning of entrepreneurship and entrepreneur, acknowledging the characteristics of an entrepreneur, knowing that the idea is a business idea, knowing the benefits of starting a global company in Finland, identifying and working on the success factors of a business and writing a comprehensive business plan. It targets ambitious, talented and hardworking people -Finns and foreigners living in Finland - and serves as a practical guide to encourage them to try acting on ideas and to spot and exploit opportunities. After all, if people do not try, they will neither achieve nor succeed.
Recording, documentation, and information management for the conservation of heritage places : guiding principles
Radiography : study guide and registry review
Administrative registers in health research : a cohort study of Finnish children born in 1987
Computerization of criminal justice systems : proceedings of the workshop. 2
Computerization of criminal justice systems : proceedings of the workshop. 1
New coding system for models of endoprosthesis ; translation: Mervi Moisander
CARIS : current agricultural research information system : directory of CARIS centres = Système d'information sur les recherches agronomiques en cours : repertoire des centres CARIS = Sistema de información sobre investiga ciones agronómicas en curso : directorio de los centros CARIS
Social welfare and health care statistics and registers in NAWH
Personal data protection in Finnish legal system
2001 Directory computerised criminal justice information systems
Sixth annual report on the situation regarding the protection of individuals with regard to the processing of personal data and privacy in the European Union and in third countries : covering the year 2001 : adopted on 16th December 2003
Transborder flow of personal data within the EC : a comparative analysis of the privacy statutes of the Federal Republic of Germany, France, the United Kingdom and The Netherlands and their impact on the private sector
Property rights in personal data : a European perspective
Summary (s. 7-9).
Health informatics : practical guide for healthcare and information technology professionals
The shadow factory : the ultra-secret NSA from 9/11 to the eavesdropping on America
Environmental hazard classification : data collection and interpretation guide for substances to be evaluated for classification as dangerous for the environment
Report of the European workshop on national registers of chemical products, 30 November and 1 December 1995, Tampere, Finland
Consumers’ experienced value of information sharing
Encyclopedia of public affairs information sources : a bibliographic guide to approximately 8 000 citations for publications, organisations, and other sources of information on nearly 300 subjects relating to public affairs
Protection of personal data in Sweden : a Dutch perception
The idea for this study came from the business development manager of the company. As the company wanted the results of this study to be classified the name of the company will not be mentioned in this paper. Background information of the company will also be not mentioned.  Untill now the company does not have up- to-date information of the customers which is a key element for marketing strategy. As the business for the company is growing it has become critical for the marketers to know who they are targeting and advertising in the future. These are the reasons for this study to be done.  The theoretical part of the study concentrates on customer motivational factors, consumer behavioural models and factors concerning consumer research. After that comes the results of customer database analysis. In the final discussion the results are evaluated.  The information used in analyzing the data base was given by the business developer of the company. The analysing process was completed in step by step as the information was not gathered in bulk. The information was collected from the company's CRM and back office system. It concentrates on year 2005 from January to October.
25 years anniversary anthology in computers and law
Museum documentation systems : developments and applications
Who owns information? : from privacy to public access
The international handbook of computer security
Managing statistical confidentiality & microdata access : principles and guidelines of good practice
Existing case-law on compliance with data protection laws and principles in the member states of the European Union
The first steps for starting global businesses in Finland - from idea until the business plan : project: Barisma - the worldwide network for bars, nightclubs and cafes
Towards a legal framework for a diffusion policy for data held by the public sector
Revealing privacy : debating the understandings of privacy
Development project of the focus group survey database
Consumer behaviour in travel industry : an analysis of consumer database
Exposure registers in Europe : extractions of core information and possibilities for comparison between European databases for occupational air pollutant measurements
The digital person : technology and privacy in the information age
Issues and factors affecting the success and failure of a student record system development process : a longitudinal investigation based on reflection-in-action
Use of registry data in the analysis of medical practices : cesarean birth in the Finnish Medical Birth Registry
Freedom of information : the law, the practice and the ideal
Directory computerized criminal justice information systems 1995
An evaluation of survival of cancer patients based on registry data from low or medium resource countries
Summary (s. iii-iv).
European working environment in figures : availability and quality of occupational health and safety data in sixteen European countries
The national basic registers of society : general description
European product registration : a review of information systems for chemical products
Methodological perspectives for register-based health system performance assessment : developing a hip fracture monitoring system in Finland
Professional data warehousing with SQL server 7.0 and OLAP services
Member register for Oulun Tradenomiopiskelijat Otro ry : 399IS information systems project
Identity theft for dummies
Nordic labour market research on register data
Population census. Vol. 9B, Evaluation study of the 1990 census
Engaging privacy and information technology in a digital age
Protection of traditional knowledge associated with genetic resources : the role of databases and registers
Digital personae and profiles in law : protecting individuals' rights in online contexts
Summary (2 s.). Conclusion (s. 14-15).
Use of register and administrative data sources for statistical purposes : best practices of Statistics Finland
Representing, modeling, and visualizing the natural environment
Data transmission and privacy
On information quality in primary health care registries
Information rights
The limits of privacy
Non-response and information bias in population-based psychiatric research:the Northern Finland 1966 Birth Cohort study
The whole Internet : user's guide & catalog
Methodological perspectives for register-based health system peformance assessment : developing a hip fracture monitoring system in Finland
Use of registry data in the analysis of medical practices : cesarean birth in the Finnish medical birth registry
Security log management : identifying patterns in the chaos
Personal information management
Summary (s. 11-12).
The safe hiring manual : the complete guide to employment screening background checks for employers, recruiters, and jobseekers
FLOSS in cadastre and land registration : opportunities and risks
Data privacy : principles and practice
Data Warehousing Advice for Managers
American privacy : the 400-year history of our most contested right
Data protection : a practical guide to UK and EU law
