http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14570 virology
virology
Threat of infection : microbes of high pathogenic potential - strategies for detection, control and eradication : international symposium, Würzburg, July 25 to 28, 2004
Membrane association and intracellular localization of Semliki Forest virus methyltransferase
Cell susceptibility to baculovirus transduction and echovirus infection is modified by protein kinase C phosphorylation and vimentin organization.
Slow virus diseases of animals and man
Advances in virus research. Vol. 27
A colour atlas of virology
Advances in virus research. Vol. 55
Electron cryo-microscopy studies of bacteriophage [phi]8 and archaeal virus SH1
Advances in virus research. Vol. 25
Veterinary virology
Advances in virus research. Vol. 48
Methods in virology. Vol 1
Investigating microbiology : a laboratory manual for general microbiology
Advances in virus research. Vol.21
Advances in virus research. Vol.16
Advances in virus research. Vol. 45
Advances in virus research. Vol. 42
Protein P4, the packaging NTPase of the dsRNA bacteriophage [Phi]6
Advances in virus research. Vol. 46
A manual of basic virological techniques
Hepatitis C Virus : from Molecular Virology to Antiviral Therapy
Essential Human Virology is written for the undergraduate level with case studies integrated into each chapter. The structure and classification of viruses will be covered, as well as virus transmission and virus replication strategies based upon type of viral nucleic acid. Several chapters will focus on notable and recognizable viruses and the diseases caused by them, including influenza, HIV, hepatitis viruses, poliovirus, herpesviruses, and emerging and dangerous viruses. Additionally, how viruses cause disease, or pathogenesis, will be highlighted during the discussion of each virus family, and a chapter on the immune response to viruses will be included. Further, research laboratory assays and viral diagnosis assays will be discussed, as will vaccines, anti-viral drugs, gene therapy, and the beneficial uses of viruses. By focusing on general virology principles, current and future technologies, familiar human viruses, and the effects of these viruses on humans, this textbook will provide a solid foundation in virology while keeping the interest of undergraduate students. * Focuses on the human diseases and cellular pathology that viruses cause* Highlights current and cutting-edge technology and associated issues* Presents real case studies and current news highlights in each chapter* Features dynamic illustrations, chapter assessment questions, key terms, and summary of concepts, as well as an instructor website with lecture slides, test bank, and recommended activities.
Veterinary bacteriology and virology
Clathrin-independent entry of baculovirus triggers uptake of E. coli in non-phagocytic human cells
Microbiology : a very short introduction
Advances in virus research. Vol. 28
Bacteriophage : genetics and molecular biology
Journal of general virology
The homeland directive
Advances in virus research. Vol.14
Advances in virus research. Vol. 37
Veterinary microbiology and microbial disease
Veterinary diagnostic virology : a practitioner's guide
Genomic analysis of A(HIN1)pdm09 influenza virus in Finland
An introduction to virology
Advances in virus research. Vol.19
Plant virology protocols : from viral sequence to protein function
Advances in virus research. Vol. 53
Advances in virus research. Vol. 38
Clinical virology manual
Human virology
Advances in virus research. Vol. 50
6-O sulfated and N-sulfated Syndecan-1 promotes baculovirus binding and entry into mammalian cells.
The flaviviruses : pathogenesis and immunity
Coronavirus replication and reverse genetics
Virus morphology
Molecular characterization of viruses causing the cassava brown streak disease epidemic in Eastern Africa
Advances in virus research. Vol. 26
Advances in virus research. Vol. 24
Virus variability, epidemiology, and control
Advances in virus research. Vol. 44
Microbiology for nurses
Clinical veterinary microbiology
Advances in virus research. Vol. 47
Microbiology : PreTest self-assessment and review
Advances in virus research. Vol. 32
Virology : a practical approach
Virology : principles and applications
Advances in virus research. Vol. 36
Hepatitis C virus (HCV), a major causative agent of chronic liver disease, is spread throughout the world and around 170 million people are persistently infected. In this volume, world-leading experts in the field of HCV research have compiled the most recent scientific advances to provide a comprehensive and very timely overview of the various facets of HCV. The book starts with a discussion of the possible origin of HCV and its spread among the human population. The focus of the subsequent chapters is on available cell culture and in vivo models before shifting to the molecular and cellular principles underlying the viral replication cycle. These chapters are complemented by insightful descriptions of the innate and adaptive immune responses to HCV as well as the virus-associated pathogenesis. Finally, the development of antiviral therapies, which is closely linked with progress in basic research, and the implementation of those therapies into present and future daily clinical practice are highlighted.
Listen to the music : the life of Hilary Koprowski
I contain multitudes : the microbes within us and a grander view of life
The biology of viruses
The flaviviruses : structure, detection, diagnosis, and vaccine development
Advances in virus research. Vol.22
Methods in virology. Vol 5
Advances in virus research. Vol. 40
The science of laboratory diagnosis
Human immunodeficiency virus type 1 (HIV-1) and breastfeeding : science, research advances, and policy
Advances in virus research. Vol. 33
Insect virology
Advances in virus research. Vol.17
Advances in virus research. Vol. 29
Advances in virus research. Vol. 39
Borna disease virus and its role in neurobehavioral disease
A photographic atlas for the microbiology laboratory
Advances in virus research. Vol. 23
Diagnosis of viral infections : the role of the clinical laboratory
Advances in virus research. Vol. 62
Principles of molecular virology
Advances in virus research. Vol. 43
Methods in virology. Vol 6
Methods in virology. Vol 2
Journal of clinical virology
Haemagglutinins of vesicular stomatitis virus
Essentials of diagnostic virology
HIV interactions with dendritic cells : infection and immunity
Advances in virus research. Vol. 31
Advances in virus research. Vol.18
Nucleic acid sandwich hybridization for microbial detection
Advances in virus research. Vol. 30
Advances in virus research. Vol. 34
Advances in virus research. Vol. 54
A laboratory guide in virology
Methods in virology. Vol 4
Journal of virology
Human retrovirology : facts and aspects
Influenza pathogenesis and control. Volume II
Lesser known large dsDNA viruses
Structural components and replication af arenaviruses
"Veterinary Microbiology is one of the core subjects for veterinary students. Fully revised and expanded, this new edition covers every aspect of veterinary microbiology for students in both paraclinical and clinical years. It provides concise descriptions of the groups of micro-organisms, diseases they produce, immunological aspects and a summary of infectious diseases based on their main clinical signs. New to this edition:Diagrams throughout showing the transmission of infection New chapters on the application of molecular methods, food safety and public health, skin, the respiratory system, cardiology, and the urinary tract Revisions to existing text and many more illustrations"--Provided by publisher.
Plant virology : the principles
The flaviviruses : structure, replication, and evolution
Advances in virus research. Vol. 51
Advances in virus research. Vol. 35
Fundamentals of molecular virology
Introduction to modern virology
The transformation-associated cellular p53 protein
Methods in virology. Vol 3
Advances in virus research. Vol. 49, Cumulative subject index : volumes 25-47
Advances in virus research. Vol.15
Manual of standardized methods for veterinary microbiology
Advances in virus research. Vol. 41
Bovine viral diarrhea virus : methods for purification of the virus and the viral subunits
Advances in virus research. Vol.20
Advances in virus research. Vol. 57
Enterovirus infections in the pathogenesis of type 1 diabetes
Studies on the synthesis of Semliki Forest virus nucleocapsid
