http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1450 vision disorders
vision disorders visual impairments
Sight unseen : an exploration of conscious and unconscious vision
Biological psychology
Two Hippocratic treatises on sight and on anatomy
Blindness and children : an individual differences approach
Includes stories of people who are able to navigate the world and communicate with others despite losing what many of us consider indispensable senses and faculties: the power of speech, the capacity to recognize faces, the sense of three-dimensional space, the ability to read, and the sense of sight. This book is a testament to the complexity of vision and the brain and to the power of creativity and adaptation, and it provides a whole new perspective on the power of language and communication, as we try to imagine what it is to perceive through another person's eyes, or another person's mind.
The Oxford handbook of the psychology of appearance
What and how does this child see? : assesment of visual functioning for development and learning
Canine models of human vision disorders : identification of new loci and genes for glaucoma and retinal degeneration
The mind's eye
Perforating eye injuries : epidemiology, long-term follow-up and the role of vitrectomy in the treatment
We live in a society in which messages associating physical attractiveness with success and happiness are pervasive. There is an epidemic of appearance concerns amongst teenagers and adults in westernised countries and body image dissatisfaction is now considered normative. Large numbers of people experience negative impacts on wellbeing and, for many adolescents, adults, and even children, appearance concerns are influential in choices about a range of health behaviours. The challenges facing them include difficulties with social encounters and the problem of having to cope with negative self perceptions. The Oxford Handbook of the Psychology of Appearance is a comprehensive reference text written by experts in the field. It examines how people feel about the way they look, and why it is that some people are happy with their appearance whilst increasing numbers are troubled by the way they look - reporting that these appearance-related concerns affect many aspects of their lives including relationships, health and well-being. It considers the influence of other people and how the media affects thoughts and behaviours related to appearance. It explores the experiences of people living with a disfigurement in a society that seems to be increasingly focussed on appearance and the pursuit of an idealised image of beauty, size and weight. Exploring a topic that has been often neglected in the psychological literature, this book will be invaluable for health, clinical, and social psychologists, health professionals working with patients with visible differences, and those in the field of public health and education.
Understanding and managing vision deficits : a guide for occupational therapists
Vision, perception, and cognition : a manual for the evaluation and treatment of the neurologically impaired adult
Scary book. Volume 1, Reflections
Reduced visual function and its association with physical functioning in the Finnish adult population : prevalence, causes and need for eye care services
Low vision assessment
Visual impairment : access to education for children and young people
Scary book. Volume 3 : Faces
Visual impairment in Finnish children : prevalence, causes and morbidity of full-term and preterm children with visual impairment born from 1972 through 1989
Sports vision
An introduction to auditory processing disorders in children
Visual integration : development and impairments
Blindspots : the many ways we cannot see
The low vision handbook
Summary.
Novel therapeutic and modeling approaches to experimental intracerebral hemorrhage
Seeing through new eyes : changing the lives of children with autism, Asperger syndrome and other developmental disabilities through vision therapy
Low vision : principles and practice
Low vision rehabilitation : a practical guide for occupational therapists
Seeing the blindness : body and history in dialogical relation
Modeling color vision
Vision, perception, and cognition : a manual for the evaluation and treatment of the adult with acquired brain injury
Occupational therapy : practice skills for physical dysfunction
Blindsight : a case study spanning 35 years and new developments
The low vision handbook for eyecare professionals
