http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14569 history of music
history of music
Gibson guitars : 100 years of an American icon
An outline history of music
Massenet : a chronicle of his life and times
The origin of rāga : a concise history of the evolution, growth and the treatment of rāga from the age of Bharatamuni to Bhatkhande
Sibelius and the music of Finland
Classical music without fear : a guide for general audiences
Texas music
A history of music in England
The musician's guide  anthology recordings
Nicolas Slonimsky : writings on music. Vol. 3, Music of the modern era
Nicolas Slonimsky : writings on music. Vol. 4, Slonimskyana
The end of early music : a period performer ́s history of music for the twenty-first century
World musics in context : a comprehensive survey of the world's major musical cultures
Richard Wagner and the jews
The joy of opera
The musical idea : a consideration of music and its ways
Source readings in music history. 3, The Baroque era
Bitch, bitch, bitch : Rock venom : insults, abuse and outrage - all in the name of fame!
A stroll through Korean music history
English Song : Dowland to Purcell
Spain : a musician's journey through time and space. Volume II
The music of man
A rocket in my pocket : the hipster's guide to rockabilly
Mannerism in Italian music and culture, 1530-1630
Historical anthology of music. 1 : Oriental, medieval and renaissance music
IRISH MUSIC & MUSICIANS
Five centuries of music in Venice
A right to sing the blues : African Americans, Jews, and American popular song
A new history of music : the middle ages to Mozart
Source readings in music history. 3, the baroque era
A history of western music
Music in a New Found Land : Themes and developments in the history of American music
Music in the castle of heaven : a portrait of Johann Sebastian Bach
Triksta : life and death and New Orleans rap
Voodoo child : the illustrated legend of Jimi Hendrix
Metallica and philosophy : a crash course in brain surgery
Get back : the unauthorized chronicle of the Beatles' Let It Be disaster
A short history of western music
Source readings in music history. 4, The Classic era
The history of music in sound. Vol. 3, Ars Nova and the Renaissance, c. 1300-1540
Masterpieces of music before 1750 : an anthology of musical examples from Gregorian chant to J.S. Bach
The aesthetics of survival : A composer's view of twentieth-century music
20/20 : 20 new sounds of the 20th century
Music and its secret influence throughout the ages
Recordings for A history of western music, fourth edition and Norton anthology of western music, second edition. Vol. 1, Medieval - renaissance - baroque
Electric shock : from the gramophone to the iPhone : 125 years of pop music
Music in medieval and early modern Europe : patronage, sources and texts
The story of music
Mediaeval music : an historical sketch
The musical realism of Leos̆ Janác̆ek : from speech melodies to a theory of composition
The music of Spain
Norwegian music : a survey
Musicweb encyclopaedia of popular music
The jazz book : from ragtime to fusion and beyond
Source readings in music history. 2, The Renaissance
Hip hop family tree. [Book 2]
The complete idiot's guide to music history
50 things you should know about music
ROMANIAN MUSIC / PAST AND PRESENT
Sound diplomacy : music and emotions in transatlantic relations, 1850-1920
Recordings for A history of western music, fourth edition and Norton anthology of western music, second edition. Vol. 2, Classic - romantic - modern
Jazz research and the moments of change
Man and his music. Part I : Mediaeval and early Renaissance music
Hip hop family tree. [Book 4], [1984-1985]
The art of partimento : history, theory, and practice
The research presented in this volume is very recent, and the general approach is that of rethinking popular musicology: its purpose, its aims, and its methods. Contributors to the volume were asked to write something original and, at the same time, to provide an instructive example of a particular way of working and thinking. The essays have been written with a view to helping graduate students with research methodology and the application of relevant theoretical models. The team of contributors is an exceptionally strong one: it contains many of the pre-eminent academic figures involved in popular musicological research, and there is a spread of European, American, Asian, and Australasian scholars. The volume covers seven main themes: Film, Video and Multimedia; Technology and Studio Production; Gender and Sexuality; Identity and Ethnicity; Performance and Gesture; and, Reception and Scenes and The Music Industry and Globalization. "The Ashgate Research Companion" is designed to offer scholars and graduate students a comprehensive and authoritative state-of-the-art review of current research in a particular area. The companion's editor brings together a team of respected and experienced experts to write chapters on the key issues in their speciality, providing a comprehensive reference to the field.
American popular music : country
A history of music. Volume 1, Ancient forms to polyphony
A history of song
Johann Sebastian Bach (1685-1750) is one of the most thoroughly researched composers of Western Art music. For a young scholar, the first task of finding out the state of the current research can be a daunting one. Due to the way the bibliographical studies have been carried out and published in the past, it is unlikely that Bach scholars will ever see a comprehensive, definitive single-volume book in this subject in the future. This electronic publication project is precisely aimed at maintaining the most up-to-date information, with advanced search facilities not previously available. The Database contains over 50 000 records.
Centuries of croatian music, 1
The polyphonic period : method of musical art
People and piano : a pictorial history of Steinway & Sons
Music in the United States: a historical introduction
The Oxford history of western music
India music : the magic of the raga
Music in the United States : a historical introduction
David's harp : the story of music in biblical times
Jazz : legends of style
State composers and the red courtiers : music, ideology, and politics in the Soviet 1930s
History of music
Music analysis in the nineteenth century. Vol. 1, Fugue, form and style
The Oxford history of English music. Vol. 2, From c. 1715 to the present day
The roots of Texas music
A concise history of Hungarian music
Have gun will travel : the spectacular rise and violent fall of Death Row Records
An introduction to musical history
The Oxford history of music : introductory volume
The Ashgate research companion to popular musicology
SHORT (A ) HISTORY OF KEYBOARD MUSIC
Listening to western music
Music in the classic period
Speak low (when you speak love) : the letters of Kurt Weill and Lotte Lenya
Music : an illustrated encyclopedia of musical instruments and the great composers
The illustrated encyclopedia of music
Music in a New Found Land
Study and listening guide for Concise history of Western music by Barbara Russano Hanning and Norton Anthology of Western music, third edition, by Claude V. Palisca
The jazz guitar : its evolution, its players and personalities since 1900
Music at the turn of century : a 19th-century music reader
Rhythmic structure in Iranian music
The story of music : from antiquity to the present
Sun Records : an oral history
A survey of the traditions of western music by one of the most prominent and provocative musicologists of our time, this book illuminates, through a representative sampling of masterworks, those themes, styles, and currents that give shape and direction to each musical age.
Rock me Amadeus... or how I learned to stop worrying and love Handel
Eroica : the first great romantic symphony
Modern jazz : a survey of developments since 1939
Polish music since 1945
Source readings in music history. 5, The Romantic era
The soulful divas : Personal portraits of over a dozen divine divas, from Nina Simone, Aretha Franklin & Diana Ross to Patti LaBelle, Whitney Houston & Janet Jackson
The history of music in sound. Vol. 8, The age of Beethoven (1790-1830)
An outline history of Polish music
Concise history of western music : based on Donald Jay Grout & Claude V. Palisca, A history of wstern music, fifth edition
Blues : keeping the faith
New Orleans jazz : Family album
The Bodley Head history of Western Music
Three articles on Croatia's musical past
Solo instrumental and chamber music : its story told through the lives and works of its foremost composers
The style of Palestrina and the dissonance
Music : a living language
Lexicon of musical invective : critical assaults on composers since Beethoven's time
Music of Japan today
This volume demonstrates a new approach to cultural history, as it now being practiced by both historians and musicologists, in their quest to grasp the realms of human experience understanding, communication and meaning through the study of music and of musical practices.
The Cambridge music guide
Giraffes, black dragons, and other pianos : a technological history from Cristofori to modern concert grand
Norton recorded anthology of western music. 2, Classic to romantic
Encyclopedia of the history of the swing era, biographies of big swing bands, arrangers and sidemen
The illustrated book of musical instruments : a pictorial encyclopedia of music-making through the ages
Music and literature in Silver age Russia : Mikhail Kuzmin and Alexander Scriabin
Our american music : three hundred years of it
The illustrated history of music
The Jam : our story
Japanese music
The classical music experience : discover the music of the world's greatest composers
The chronicle of classical music : an intimate diary of the lives and music of the great composers
Singles : six decades of hot hits & classic cuts
Guitar towns : a journey to the crossroads of rock 'n' roll
A history of Hungarian music
First wave : a microhistory of early Finnish electronic music
Music in the Baroque era : From Monteverdi to Bach
The musical realism of Leoš Janáček : from speech melodies to a theory of composition
John Williams's film music : Jaws, Star Wars, Raiders of the Lost Ark, and the return of the classical Hollywood music style
Listening to the future : the time of progressive rock, 1968-1978
A history of melody
The Oxford handbook of the new cultural history of music
An international history of the recording industry
A history of Russian music
Pop : the weird, the whacky, the wonderful world of pop & rock
Let it rock : the making of Bon Jovi's Slippery when wet
A history of Western music
Conversation with the blues
Rock 'n' roll's strangest moments : extraordinary tales from over fifty years of rock music history
A complete of history of music : for schools, clubs and private reading
Soviet music
Music in western civilization
Sounds like London : 100 years of black music in the capital
A history of the oratorio. 1, The oratorio in the baroque era : Italy, Vienna, Paris
Five centuries of Dutch music
Bach bibliography : serving scholars all over the world
Centuries of croatian music, 2
Opera in seventeenth-century Venice : the creation of a genre
Game sound : an introduction to the history, theory, and practice of video game music and sound design
The history of music in sound. Vol. 2, Early medieval music up to 1300
Children's book of music
The Oxford history of English music. Vol. 1, From the beginnings to c. 1715
Tainted glory in Handel's Messiah : the unsettling history of the world's most beloved choral work
Music in the baroque era
People and music
Heart & soul : a celebration of black music style in America 1930-1975
Rockabilly : a forty-year journey
Opera : the great composers and their masterworks
Musica Baltica : the music culture of Baltic cities in modern times = Musikkultur der Ostseestädte in der Neuzeit / Akademia Muzyczna im. Stanisława Moniuszki w Gdańsku ; [ed. Jolanta Wozniak]
A field guide to melancholy
Schubert's songs
A Concise History of Hungarian Music
Nicolas Slonimsky : writings on music. Vol. 2, Russian and Soviet music and composers
A short history of world music
The ultimate guide to music
The music of John Cage
The baroque concerto
Modern composers : A guide to the lives and works of the great composers from Claude Debussy to Thomas Ades
Narratives of identity in Alban Berg's 'Lulu'
Waiting for the sun : a rock 'n' roll history of Los Angeles
Spain : a musician's journey through time and space. Volume I
Can't buy me love : The Beatles, Britain and America
Encyclopedia of hits : the 1950s
American popular music : rock and roll
The Interpretation of Early Music
An 0utline of Czech & Slovak music. Part 2
Survey and index
Musical genres of Cuba
Catalogue of His Master's Voice records. 1934
