http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14500 assembly (composition)
assembly (composition)
The creation of the Kalevala, 1833-1849
Assembly automation and product design
Using ERP as Data Source for Discrete-event Simulation Model
The power of the picture versus the wisdom of the word : a comparative study on the usability of installation manuals in written, illustrated and video formats
The Kalevala as performance
Tolerance stack-up analysis : for plus and minus tolerancing : for geometric dimensioning and tolerancing
From I-Deas to NX : Changing the Design Application and Creating Work Instructions for a Large Industrial Product Assembly
The thesaurus in retrieval
Mechanical fastening, joining, and assembly
Advanced MEMS packaging
Abstract (1 s.).
Manufacturing technology. Vol. 2
A comprehensive guide to the design and manufacture of printed board assemblies. Vol. 1
Engineering design and rapid prototyping
Measurement of geometric tolerances in manufacturing
Mechanical assemblies : their design, manufacture, and role in product development
Apparel production management and the technical package
Manufacturing and service enterprise with risks : a stochastic management approach
Practical CM : best configuration management practices for the 21st century
Kaizen assembly : designing, constructing, and managing a lean assembly line
Modular pick-and-place devices
Research of Modular Assembly Methods in NX 8.0
The man on the assembly line
Set up and play!
System configuration management : SCM ... Symposium : proceedings
Verification of bibliometric methods' applicability for thesaurus construction
Robotic micro-assembly
CAD method for industrial assembly : concurrent design of products, equipment and control systems
Board Diversity: Does it Exist and does it Matter?
Easy PIC'n : a beginners guide to using PIC microcontrollers : version 3.1
Different analysis methods for assessing the suitability of biofuel ash as a structural material
I-deas instruction for PIC Engineering
Elias Lönnrot's editorial strategies in charm episodes of the Kalevala
Constitutional rules and party goals in coalition formation : an analysis of winning minority governments in Sweden
Is the automotive industry using Design-for-Assembly anymore? : a statistical analysis of repair data
Machine devices and components : illustrated sourcebook
Abstract: The purpose of this thesis was to determine the benefits of local manufacturing company  in China to practical processes; export of semi-finished product from Finland to  China, import and customs clearance in China and lead time from order to delivery to  customer and how the process is different from exporting a finished product from  Finland to China. In addition to this, it was also important to research what benefits  are there from the manufacturing company in China in sales perspective for the Case  Company for their business in China and are there some challenges. This research  was made together with the Case Company. The research was needed because they  have a new manufacturing company in China. The benefits and challenges of having  the manufacturing company in practical processes needed to be studied.  Export from Finland to China, import and customs clearance in China and the benefits  and challenges in sales perspective of having a manufacturing company in China  were described in the theoretical part of the thesis in general level. The empirical part  consists of these same issues, but handled from the Case Company's point of view.  The information to the empirical part has been gathered by interviews with the experts  in the Case Company. In addition to the interviews, Finpro had made a customer  survey for the Case Company's current and potential customers in China, and information  from this survey was also analyzed in the empirical part.  As results of the research, process descriptions for both, finished goods and semifinished  goods, were made for export from Finland to China and import and customs  clearance in China. Also benefits and challenges of the manufacturing company in  China were described as research results.  Conclusions of this thesis show that in the practical processes studied in this thesis,  the process for the semi-finished products is lighter and requires less effort especially  in import to China. Also, the local manufacturing company in China can increase the  Case Company's business and competitiveness in China even more and the locality  will show to the customers that the company is committed and gives the access to  easier after-sales services for the customers.
Tiivistelmä: Käyttääkö autoteollisuus vielä Design-for-Assembly -menetelmää?
Handbook of product design for manufacturing : a practical guide to low-cost production
Gene assembly in stichotrichous ciliates : elementary operations, parallelism and computation
Geometric dimensioning and tolerancing : workbook and answerbook
The goals of this thesis were to improve the product quality and optimizing production process of a modular cabin unit, specifically in a project for a Brazilian EEP shipyard where ALMACO Group delivers a living quarter with modular cabins to a drillship. ALMACO does not have its own production facilities and the method is to subcontract all work and material from different vendors from all over the world. This creates challenges in both quality control and production efficiency because the work force and products differ from one project to another. To improve the production process it was taken closer to lean compatible series production rather than batch production. The thesis includes theoretical speculation of the production development, quality and modularity. The key element of the process development was consulting ALMACO staff of the difficulties in cabin production in the past projects so the difficulties could be avoided in the EEP project and also in the future projects. The best solutions from different projects were found and they were combined together to ensure better quality and more efficient production. As a result of the thesis a cabin assembly manual was devised. The manual needed to be specific enough to ensure the quality of the product in the EEP project but it also needed to be easily convertible for future projects. Essential for the assembly manual was to create simple and specific 3D images that describe different work phases. The 3D models were created by using other TUAS students as subvendors and part of the thesis was managing the 3D design project.
Preliminary planning for the soft soldering semi-automatic of the wire sleeve in the harnesses testin module
Benefits and challenges of a manufacturing subsidiary in China : case company
For how long does it take to be assembled?
The invention of a national epic
Software configuration management strategies and Rational ClearCase : a practical introduction
Feasibility of an assembly line for a high variety and low volume product : case ABB transformers
The disassembly line : balancing and modeling
Käyttääkö autoteollisuus vielä Design-for-Assembly -menetelmää? : tilastollinen analyysi kunnossapitodatasta.
Light Assembly Industry LASSI 1996-1999 : final report
The traditional poetry of the Finns
Automation, production systems, and computer-integrated manufacturing
Assembly line design : the balancing of mixed-model hybrid assembly lines with genetic algorithms
DFMA - process development in Sasken Finland Oy
Lean assembly : the nuts and bolts of making assembly operations flow
Quality plan for outsourced assemply : case Kalmar Industries Oy Ab
Fundamentals of microsystems packaging
Product design for manufacture and assembly
Process selection : from design to manufacture
The reel world : scoring for pictures
Fabrication and welding engineering
The promise of the land as oath : a key to the formation of the Pentateuch
Co-Co : design for modularity
Light Assembly Industry LASSI 1996-1999 : evaluation report
Build and upgrade your own PC
Geometric dimensioning and tolerancing : applications and techniques for use in design, manufacturing and inspection
Design for assembly
Production system engineering
Intelligent financial portfolio composition based on evolutionary computation strategies
PIC microcontrollers : 50 projects for beginner and experts
Embedded microprocessor systems : real world design
Design for assembly : principles and practice
Thesaurus construction : a practical manual
ASAP : drum setup : learn drum setup the right way
Configuration management best practices : practical methods that work in the real world
Design of an assembling line
America's assembly line
The development of a modular cabin assembly process = [Modulaarisen hytin kokoonpanoprosessin kehittäminen]
Building the perfect PC
Board characteristics and performance of state-owned enterprises : empirical evidence from Norway and Sweden
Test protocol for Wärtsilä 20DF automation subassembly
Thesaurus construction and use : a practical manual
Applying Lean-Principles for Electric Motors Production
Abstract.
Timberframe : the art and craft of the post-and-beam home
Handbook of automotive engineering
Manufacturing technology. Volume 1.
Monorail guidance systems : linear recirculating roller bearing and guideway assemblies, linear reciculating ball bearing and guideway assemblies, linear guidance systems with linear recirculating ball bearing units, accessories
Software configuration management in distributed development environment
Novel robot solutions for carrying out field joint welding and machining in the assembly of the vacuum vessel of ITER
A study of implementation in flip chip solder attachment
Materials for automobile bodies
