http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14566 brainstorming
brainstorming
Engineering design methods : strategies for product design
Managing new products : using the MAP System to accelerate growth
Just What I've Always Wanted : the secret formula for choosing the perfect gift
Entrepreneurs and leaders face big questions every day: What's the most important place to focus your effort, and how do you start? What will your idea look like in real life? How many meetings and discussions does it take before you can be sure you have the right solution? Now there's a surefire way to answer these important questions: the sprint. Designer Jake Knapp created the five-day process at Google, where sprints were used on everything from Google Search to Google X. He joined Braden Kowitz and John Zeratsky at Google Ventures, and together they have completed more than one hundred sprints with companies in mobile, e-commerce, healthcare, finance, and more. A practical guide to answering critical business questions, Sprint is a book for teams of any size, from small startups to Fortune 100s, from teachers to nonprofits. It's for anyone with a big opportunity, problem, or idea who needs to get answers today.
75 tools for creative thinking
The Eureka Factor: Creative Insights and the Brain
Look at more : a proven approach to innovation, growth, and change
Cakeology : [over 20 sensational step-by-step cake decorating projects]
Discussions forums : from idea creation to incremental innovations / focus on heart-rate monitors
Make it so : interaction design lessons from science fiction
Conceptualization of product involvement as a property of a cognitive structure
Illustration that works : professional techniques for artistic and commercial success
From styling to business consulting
Design cognition for conceptual design
The art of embroidery : inspirational stitches, textures and surfaces
Creativity and innovation
Reinventing discovery : the new era of networked science
Greenlit : developing factual/reality TV ideas from concept to pitch
"Flashes of insight -- the Eureka! moments that produce new and useful ideas in a single thought -- are behind some of the world's most creative and practical innovations. This book shows how to cultivate more and better flashes of insight by harnessing the science and practice of the seventh sense. Drawing from recent findings in psychology, neuroscience, Asian philosophy, and military strategy, Duggan illustrates the power of the seventh sense to help readers aspire to and achieve more in their personal and professional lives. His examples include Gandhi, Joan of Arc, Starbucks founder Howard Shultz, and executives and students he has taught in his classes. His book presents specific steps in the form of three practical tools to help prepare the mind, see and seize opportunity, and follow through on one's resolution. Based on Duggan's perennially popular Columbia Business School course, this book teaches the mental skills and discipline that power the seventh sense." -- Book jacket.
Navigating the unknown : the creative process in contemporary performing arts
No more consultants : we know more than we think
The art of creative thinking
Riding the whirlwind : connecting people and organisations in a culture of innovation
Customers as co-designers : a new direction in design management?
Event design handbook : systematically design innovative events using the Event Canvas
Innovation systems : capturing new ideas for innovations in research oriented organizations and technology companies
See what I mean : how to use comics to communicate ideas
The back of the napkin : solving problems and selling ideas with pictures
HISTORY OF IDEAS. Rethink: to think about an idea again; to change how you think about it. This is the story of how old ideas that were mocked or ignored for centuries are right now storming back to the cutting edge of science and technology, and informing the way we lead our lives. It's the story of the woman who taught us how to speak to computers; the brilliant doctor hounded into an asylum; and the laughing philosopher who hit upon an amazing idea just by thinking about bread. Drawing on examples from epigenetics to value investing, and from Lamarckism to morphic resonance, Rethink shows what we can learn by revisiting old, discarded ideas and considering them from a new perspective. From within all these rich anecdotes of bad ideas come good ones, helping us find new ways to think about ideas in our own time - from novel proposals in the boardroom to grand projects for social and political change --
Innovation : driving product, process, and market change
The myths of innovation
Creativity and feature writing : how to get hundreds of new ideas every day
Strategic development plan for  La Paloma hotel in Nha Trang, Vietnam
The innovation maze : 4 routes to a successful new business case
Inspiring writing in art and design : taking a line for a write
Creativity in product innovation
Unlock your creativity
An illustrated life : drawing inspiration from the private sketchbooks of artists, illustrators and designers
The seventh sense : how flashes of insight change your life
Intrapreneurship : managing ideas within your organization
Ideas unleashed : exceptional achievements in graphic design
Fostering creativity : expert solutions to everyday challenges
Solve that problem! : readymade tools for continuous improvement
The naked cartoonist
Fashion details : 1000 ideas from neckline to wasteline, pockets to pleats
Road trip to innovation : how I came to understand future thinking
Winnie the Pooh on problem solving
100 great innovation ideas
Conceptual design for engineers
How can leaders identify and support ideative nonchampions?
Questions and answers (on game innovation)
Managing the people side of innovation : 8 rules for engaging minds and hearts
Seeing what others don't : the remarkable ways we gain insights
Stepping out of the box : how trends can guide innovation
Little bets : how breakthrough ideas emerge from small discoveries
The idea book
Media Production : a Practical Guide to Radio and TV
Foodservice productivity and profit ideabook
Imagination first : unlocking the power of possibility
Thinkpak: a brainstorming card deck
Idea generation in engineering design : application of a memory search perspective and some experimental studies
Experimental Textiles : a journey through design, interpretation and inspiration
Idea searching
Each IDEO method card describes one method and includes a brief story about how and when to use it. The cards are divided into four categories Learn, Look, Ask, and Try making it easy to reference, browse, sort, and share the cards.
How to get ideas
Kooky crochet : 30 remarkably wacky projects
The all new universal traveler : a soft-systems guide to: creativity, problem-solving and the process of reaching goals
What a great idea : key steps creative people take
In "Little Bets", leading business consultant Peter Sims turns problems on their heads and outlines a counter-intuitive path to perfection using negativity to positive effect.
The secret of the highly creative thinker : how to make connections others don't
Strategic development plan for La Paloma hotel in Nha Trang, Vietnam
How to be creative in textile art
As an employee, you suspect that your best ideas are valuable and could greatly benefit your organization. Management also recognizes that a company's ability to compete is contingent on how well it leverages its employees' ideas. So, why are individuals at all levels of organizations typically poor advocates for ideas? Intrapreneurship provides an engaging guide for both managers and employees on how to direct the flow of ideas and foster a culture of entrepreneurship within their company's existing structure. Based on Kevin C. Desouza's research and experience consulting with thirty global organizations, Intrapreneurship outlines ways to mobilize all types of ideas -- including blockbusters with the potential to create radically new external products and services, and more incremental innovations for improving internal processes. With practical frameworks and real life examples for both employees and managers, Intrapreneurship will help you to identify the value in your own ideas and those of others to ultimately benefit your organization.
Discussion forums : from idea creation to incremental innovations : focus on heart-rate monitors
Creative thought : an investigation of conceptual structures and processes
Creativity in fashion design : an inspiration workbook
Open innovation : new product development essentials from the PDMA
Smart world : breakthrough creativity and the new science of ideas
Design works : how to tackle your toughest innovation challenges through business design
IDEO method cards : 51 ways to inspire design
The big book of brainstorming games : quick, effective activities that encourage out-of-the-box thinking, improve collaboration, and spark great ideas!
Green paper on innovation
How to get your ideas adopted (and change the world)
Serious creativity : using the power of lateral thinking to create new ideas
Borrowing brilliance : the six steps to business innovation by building on the ideas of others
How to write for television
Brainstorming and beyond : a user-centered desing method
David Perry on game design : a brainstorming toolbox
A technique for producing ideas
21st century management : leadership and innovation in the thought economy
The A-Z of visual ideas : how to solve any creative brief
Handbook of research on creativity
The open book of social innovation
200 no-work garden ideas
Creative thinking and brainstorming
A girls's guide to decorating
Delete. : a design history of computer vapourware
Creativity in business : the basic guide for generating and selecting ideas
Sprint : how to solve big problems and test new ideas in just five days
Service marketing. Vol. 1, The development of ideas for the marketing of services
How to be a brilliant thinker : exercise your mind and find creative solutions
Fashion thinking
Mindfire : big ideas for curious minds
The lab : creativity and culture
In Reinventing Discovery, Michael Nielsen argues that we are living at the dawn of the most dramatic change in science in more than 300 years. This change is being driven by powerful new cognitive tools, enabled by the internet, which are greatly accelerating scientific discovery. There are many books about how the internet is changing business or the workplace or government. But this is the first book about something much more fundamental: how the internet is transforming the nature of our collective intelligence and how we understand the world. Reinventing Discovery tells the exciting story of an unprecedented new era of networked science. We learn, for example, how mathematicians in the Polymath Project are spontaneously coming together to collaborate online, tackling and rapidly demolishing previously unsolved problems. We learn how 250,000 amateur astronomers are working together in a project called Galaxy Zoo to understand the large-scale structure of the Universe, and how they are making astonishing discoveries, including an entirely new kind of galaxy. These efforts are just a small part of the larger story told in this book--the story of how scientists are using the internet to dramatically expand our problem-solving ability and increase our combined brainpower. This is a book for anyone who wants to understand how the online world is revolutionizing scientific discovery today--and why the revolution is just beginning.
Big think strategy : how to leverage bold ideas and leave small thinking behind
"No More Consultants' gives the reader the tools to tap into the capabilities of the organization that already exist but are as yet, inaccessible. The book shows the business managers and leaders how to drill deep inside the organization to:- Make maximum use and accessibility of existing knowledge by implementing a successful tool, 2018The River Diagram' (coined by the authors and extracted and developed from 2018Learning to Fly'), that allows the management and leaders to see where their strengths and weaknesses lie in order to resolve an internal problem - Implement this tool and create a strategy that will guide the leaders and management towards saving both time and money, illustrated using an exciting range of case studies including BP, Oracle, UNAIDS, the NHS and Nationwide Building Society. The structure of the book guides the reader in an entertaining and informative way from the issues that arise when employing an outside consultant to resolve internal issues, through the author's unique and accessible tool, onto how to gain your objectives through assessment and implementation. The visual metaphor 2018The River Diagram', is a tool designed and created in-house at BP's Knowledge Management Team headed up by the authors some 15 years ago that saved the company.
Jump start your brain
The sketchnote workbook : advanced techniques for taking visual notes you can use anywhere
Abstract.
Rethink : the surprising history of new ideas
Students often struggle to develop their own style and approach to design. While the design process is fundamental to the way all fashion designers work, there is no right or wrong method: each emerging designer must find their own authentic process. This book establishes key approaches to design and enables this process of discovery. Nine student projects form the core of the book, representing a diverse range of strategies at each key stage of the design cycle. By following each throughout their various stages of development, these examples offer a unique and inspiring insight into the thinking behind a final collection.
The big book of illustration ideas
Let's invet more : learning materials for Invention Clubs
Technology, management and markets : an investigation of R&D and innovation in industrial organizations
The myths of creativity : the truth about how innovative companies and people generate great ideas
The ten faces of innovation : IDEO's strategies for beating the devil's advocate & driving creativity throughout your organization
Design casting : promoting value in design participation
Innovation engine : driving execution for breakthrough results
Key thinkers on space and place
Tools for dreamers : strategies for creativity and the structure of innovation
Lew Hunter's screenwriting 434
Driving growth through innovation : how leading firms are transforming their futures
The memory jogger 2 : a pocket guide of tools for continuous improvement  & effective planning
Conference on Advances in Production Management Systems 90 (APMS '90), August 20.-22.1990, Espoo : preprints. 1-2
Lateral thinking : a textbook of creativity
Remodelista : a manual for the considered home
"No More Consultants' gives the reader the tools to tap into the capabilities of the organization that already exist but are as yet, inaccessible. The book shows the business managers and leaders how to drill deep inside the organization to: Make maximum use and accessibility of existing knowledge by implementing a successful tool, 'The River Diagram' (coined by the authors and extracted and developed from 'Learning to Fly'), that allows the management and leaders to see where their strengths and weaknesses lie in order to resolve an internal problem Implement this tool and create a strategy that will guide the leaders and management towards saving both time and money, illustrated using an exciting range of case studies including BP, Oracle, UNAIDS, the NHS and Nationwide Building Society. The structure of the book guides the reader in an entertaining and informative way from the issues that arise when employing an outside consultant to resolve internal issues, through the author's unique and accessible tool, onto how to gain your objectives through assessment and implementation. The visual metaphor 'The River Diagram', is a tool designed and created in-house at BP's Knowledge Management Team headed up by the authors some 15 years ago that saved the company 2billion in total. The authors use this as part of their consultancy and have had continued success- see reviews below"--Provided by publisher.
Subtraction : aspects of essential design
Breakthrough thinking : using creativity to solve problems
Participatory learning and action : with 100 field methods
Generating and transforming representations in design ideation
