http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14591 terminals (computing)
terminals (computing)
Vision and visual dysfunction. Vol. 15, The man-machine interface
Energy efficiency is a powerful measure for promoting sustainability in technological evolution and ensuring feasible battery life of end-user devices in mobile computing. Peer-to-peer technology provides decentralized and self-organizing architecture for distributing content between devices in networks that scale up almost infinitely. However, peer-to-peer networking may require lots of resources from peer nodes, which in turn may lead to increased energy consumption on mobile devices. For this reason, peer-to-peer networking has so far been considered unfeasible for mobile environment. This thesis makes several contributions towards enabling energy-aware peer-to-peer networking in mobile environments. First, an empirical study is conducted to understand the energy consumption characteristics of radio interfaces and typical composition of traffic in structured peer-to-peer networks. This is done in order to identify the most essential obstacles for utilizing peer-to-peer technology in mobile environments. Second, the e-Aware model for estimating the energy consumption of a mobile device is developed and empirically verified to achieve 3-21% error in comparison to real-life measurements. Third, the e-Mon model for the energy-aware load monitoring of peer nodes is developed and demonstrated to improve the battery life of mobile peer nodes up to 470%. Fourth, the ADHT concept of mobile agent based virtual peers is proposed for sharing the peer responsibilities between peer nodes in a subnet so that they can participate in a peer-to-peer overlay without compromising their battery life.The results give valuable insight into implementing energy-efficient peer-to-peer systems in mobile environments. The e-Aware energy consumption model accelerates the development of energy-efficient networking solutions by reducing the need for time-consuming iterations between system development and evaluations with real-life networks and devices. The e-Mon load monitoring model facilitates the participation of battery-powered devices in peer-to-peer and other distributed networks by enabling energy-aware load balancing where energy-critical mobile nodes carry less load than other nodes. The ADHT facilitates the participation of constrained-capacity wireless devices, such as machine-to-machine nodes, in a peer-to-peer network by allowing them to sleep for most of their time.
New infotainment technologies in the home : demand-side perspectives
Next generation modems : a professional guide to DSL and cable modems
Effects of three harvesting work methods on Harwarder productivity in final felling
Ergonomics : how to design the workplace
The driver's logbook
Näyttöpäätteillä tehtävän toimistotyön ergonomiset vaatimukset. Osa 6, Työympästön suunnitteluohjeita = Ergonomic requirements for office work with visual display terminals (VDTs). Part 6, Guidance on the work environment : [English version]
Diffuse load abatement with biodiversity co-benefits : the optimal rotation age and buffer zone size
Soil and soil-water chemistry below different amounts of logging residues at two harvested forest sites in Sweden
Näyttöpäätteillä tehtävän toimistotyön ergonomiset vaatimukset : standardi = Ergonomic requirements for office work with visual display terminals (VDTs). Osa 13 = Part 13, Käyttäjäopastus = User guidance
Aflaskop Office System planning guide
Bodyspace : anthropometry, ergonomics and the design of work
Work-based learning project : workstation ergonomics and eyesight
Capacitive antenna sensor for user proximity recognition
From paper to computer screen : human information processing and user interface design
Adding usability : methods for modelling, user interface design and evaluation
Modification and transformation of existing PDF documents to be more suitable for mobile devices
Helsingin teknillinen korkeakoulu, sähkötekniikan osasto = Helsinki University of Technology, Faculty of Electrical Engineering ; Sähköposti = Electronic mail
Relax your neck, liberate your shoulders : the ultimate exercise program for tension relief
Effects of forwarder tyre pressure on rut formation and soil compaction
Words onscreen : the fate of reading in a digital world
Effects of stress and visual display unit work on tension-type headache and tension neck syndrome
Python framework for Symbian Series 60 Phones
Stretching in the office
MMS client for MHP set-top box
Näyttöpäätteillä tehtävän toimistotyön ergonomiset vaatimukset : standardi = Ergonomic requirements for office work with visual display terminals (VDTs). Osa 14 = Part 14, Valikkodialogi = Menu dialogues
Connections : new ways of working in the networked organization
Nokia 30 GSM terminal I/O testing with evaluation module
Talking shop via e-mail : a thematic and linguistic analysis of electronic mail communication
Fetal development and pregnancy complications in working mothers
Näyttöpäätteillä tehtävän toimistotyön ergonomiset vaatimukset : standardi = Ergonomic requirements for office work with visual display terminals (VDTs). Osa 15 = Part 15, Komentodialogi = Command dialogues
Visual display unit workplaces : emerging trends and problems
PortaCOM : computer conferencing system : user manual : version 1.17G
Neck and shoulder pain related to computer use : Terveysnetti
Näyttöpäätteillä tehtävän toimistotyön ergonomiset vaatimukset : standardi = Ergonomic requirements for office work with visual display terminals (VDTs). Osa 16 = Part 16, Suorakäyttödialogi = Direct manipulation dialogues
Taking articulation work seriously : an activity theoretical approach
Screen-smart : manage electronic information effectively
Work with computing systems WWCS 2007, Stockholm
Immunohistochemical demonstration of sensory and autonomic nerve terminals in herniated lumbar disc tissue
Energy-efficient peer-to-peer networking for constrained-capacity mobile environments
Final felling and reforestation system in the north of European Russia
Logging residues (LR), i.e. tops, branches, and needles, are increasingly being harvested for energy production in Fennoscandia. These residues are temporarily piled on site awaiting transport. This study was undertaken to investigate effects on the soil and soil-water chemistry below different amounts of LR at two recently harvested coniferous sites in Sweden. Seven treatments were included and the studied amounts of LR ranged from no LR left on the ground to four times the estimated LR amount of the harvested stands. Two treatments included eight times the estimated LR amount of the harvested stands but here the LR were removed after 7 or 20 weeks. Soil-water samples were collected during the first six or seven growing seasons. Effects of treatment were detected in the soil water for 11 chemical variables at the northern site, and for the NO3- and Cl- concentrations at the southern site. The strongest response was generally found in the treatment with four times the estimated LR amount, for which the highest concentrations were recorded in most cases. In the first three seasons, the water flux through the LR decreased with an increasing amount of residue. Effects on the exchangeable store of Ca2+ in the mor layer and the upper 20 cm of the mineral soil was detected at both sites. At the northern site, the weight of the remaining LR, ground vegetation and all other material above the mor layer in the treatments with two and four times the estimated LR amount was roughly twice the corresponding weights at the southern site seven years after treatment. Although strong effects on the soil-solution chemistry were detected at one of the study sites, in the treatments corresponding to two and four times the estimated logging residue amount, the effect on the leaching from an entire regeneration area is likely to be relatively small given the percentage of the area hosting these logging residue amounts (ca. 20% after stem-only harvesting and 9% after fuel-adapted felling).
Introducing international communications networks and electronic mail into foreign language classrooms : a case study in Finnish senior secondary schools
Näyttöpäätteillä tehtävän toimistotyön ergonomiset vaatimukset : standardi = Ergonomic requirements for office work with visual display terminals (VDTs). Osa 12 = Part 12, Tiedon esittäminen = Presentation of  information
Two felling methods in final cutting of shelterwood, single-grip harvester productivity and damage to the regeneration
