http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14559 monologues
monologues
Shock treatment
How it is
Etta and Otto and Russell and James
50 fabulous classical monologues for women
Happy are the happy
Old masters : a comedy
Turn on, tune in, drop out
Brief interviews with hideous men
" 'I am writing to a rhythm and not to a plot', Virginia Woolf stated of her eighth novel, The Waves. Widely regarded as one of her greatest and most original works, it conveys the rhythms of life in synchrony with the cycle of nature and the passage of time. Six children - Bernard, Susan, Rhoda, Neville, Jinny and Louis - meet in a garden close to the sea, their voices sounding over the constant echo of the waves that roll back and forth from the shore. The subsequent continuity of these six main characters, as they develop from childhood to maturity and follow different passions and ambitions, is interspersed with interludes from the timeless and unifying chorus of nature. In pure stream-of-consciousness style, Woolf presents a cross-section of multiple yet parallel lives, each marked by the disintegrating force of a mutual tragedy. The Waves is her searching exploration of individual and collective identity, and the observations and emotions of life, from the simplicity and surging optimism of youth to the vacancy and despair of middle-age." -- (Back Cover)
New Monologues for Men features forty monologues from plays published by Bloomsbury Methuen Drama recently. The monologues are selected by the editor, Geoffrey Colman, on account of their suitability and relevance to drama school students and recent graduates entering the profession. Each monologue is preceded by an introductory paragraph, written by the editor, outlining the setting, character type, and point in the plot. Suggestions are offered for staging, performance decisions, points of significance in the text, and drawing on decisions made in professional production/s. This collection is the go-to resource for auditioning actors with an insatiable appetite for new, original and excellent material.
Understanding Beckett : a study of monologue and gesture in the works of Samuel Beckett
In the heart of the country
The Student Actor Prepares is a practical, interactive approach to a student actor's journey. Each chapter includes acting principles, their importance to the process, and workbook entries for emotional work, script analysis, and applications to the study of theatre. Topics cover a brief history of the art of acting and how the study of acting can be an advantage in numerous occupations; an actor's discovery of emotional work; movement and mime practices for the actor; vocal practices for the actor; solo improvisational study; script analysis for the individual actor; rehearsal tips; monologue work; original solo work; audition information; working with an acting partner or in a production; acting resources; and research topics.
Shakespeare and the history of soliloquies
Modern Hamlets & their soliloquies
Solo! : the best monologues of the 80s (Men)
The "plot" of Dror Burstein's dazzling meditation consists of nothing more than the author's lying on a bench, looking up at the night sky. What results from this simple action is, however, a monologue whose scope is both personal and cosmic, with Burstein's thoughts ricocheting between stories from his past and visions of the origin and end of the universe. The result is a fascinating blend of reminiscence, fiction, and amateur science, seeking to convey not only a personal story but the big picture in which the saga of life on Earth and of the stars that surround it have the same status as anecdotes about one's aunts and uncles. With a tip of the hat to W. G. Sebald and Yoel Hoffmann, Netanya seeks to transform human history into an intimate family story, and demonstrates how the mind at play can bring a little warmth into a cold universe.
Molly Bloom's Solilogy
The Waves
One on one : playing with a purpose : monologues for kids ages 7-15
What was said? : a discourse analysis of a famous Finnish radio journalist's virtuous monologues
The waves
Getting your solo act together
A collection of dramatic sketches and monologues
Moments of truth : monologues for teen girls and young women
Acting solo : the art of one-man shows
Matchbox theatre : thirty short entertainments
Monologues for calculating the density of black holes
The first and only book of its kind, this cutting-edge and incredibly hysterical monologue book is specifically for actors auditioning for LGBTQ roles. LGBTQ Comedic Monologues That Are Actually Funny features works by LGBT writers and comics (and their allies) who have written and/or performed for Comedy Central, Backstage magazine, NBC, the Huffington Post, the Onion, Second City, E!, and many more. This collection is the go-to source for the comedic monologue needs of actors seeking LGBT material, as well as a paean to LGBT characters and artists.
50 fabulous classical monologues for men
Godless and free
Beast
Classical monologues from Aeschylus to Bernard Shaw
The Methuen audition book for women
One on one : the best men's monologues for the nineties
The human script : a novel in 23 chromosomes
A touching and provocative story of first love though the eyes of a gender-curious teen, Scorch was inspired by recent UK cases of 'gender fraud'. For those who feel they're not living the right life, online is a place to be yourself.
Portnoy's complaint
The unexpected man
The big book of Molière monologues : hilarious performance pieces from our greatest comic playwright
Postmodern theatric(k)s : monologue in contemporary American drama
The year of magical thinking : the play
The patience stone
KULLERVON TARINA : MONIÄÄNINEN MONOLOGI : A POLYPHONIC MONOLOGUE = KULLERVO'S STORY
Looking for the lost tradition of the Finnish dramatic monologue
Scorch
LGBTQ comedic monologues that are actually funny
The contemporary monologue : men
Best monologues from the best American short plays ; volume one
New Monologues for Women features forty monologues from plays published by Bloomsbury Methuen Drama recently. The monologues are selected by the editor, Geoffrey Colman, on account of their relevance to drama school students and recent graduates entering the profession. Each monologue is preceded by an introductory paragraph, written by the editor, outlining the setting, character type, and point in the plot. Suggestions are offered for staging, character interpretation, points of significance in the text, and how to draw from decisions made in professional productions. This collection is the go-to resource for the auditioning actor with an insatiable appetite for new, original and excellent material.
Autobiography and performance
Best monologues from the best American short plays ; volume two
To the lighthouse
Young women̕ s  monologs from contemporary plays : professional auditions for aspiring actresses
The servant of beauty ; seven monologues for the theatre
Cast of one : one-person shows from the Chautauqua platform to the Broadway stage
Audition monologues and how to prepare for auditions
Tennyson's rapture : transformation in the Victorian dramatic monologue
Tony Pastor presents : afterpieces from the vaudeville stage
For the first time, there is an anthology of monologues for young people available, taken from plays commissioned as part of the National Theatre Connections over the past 20 years. Always drawing together the work of 10 leading playwrights - a mixture of established and current writers – the annual National Theatre Connections anthologies offer young performers between the ages of 13 and 19 an engaging selection of plays to perform, read or study. Each play is specifically commissioned by the National Theatre's literary department and reflects the past year's programming at the venue in the plays' ideas, themes and styles. The plays are performed by approximately 200 schools and youth theatre companies across the UK and Ireland, in partnership with multiple professional regional theatres where the works are showcased. This anthology of 100 monologues is the ideal resource for teenagers and young people attending auditions either in the amateur or professional theatre world; students leaving secondary school to audition for drama school; as well as teachers of English and Drama looking for suitable dramatic for their students to engage with and perform. It provides suitable scene-study books that are suitable and relevant to the student in terms of tone, style and content. Young actors who have searched for audition material written in the voice of teenage characters will welcome this resource.
The Fleabag bites back. A rip-roaring account of some sort of female living her sort of life. Phoebe Waller-Bridge's debut play is an outrageously funny monologue for a female performer.
The making of a monologue : Robert Wilson's Hamlet
Audition monologues for young women : contemporary audition pieces for aspiring actresses
The modern monologue : men
The vagina monologues
Not the Messiah : he's a very naughty boy
221 one-minute monologues for men ; volume 1
A different kind of intimacy : the collected writings of Karen Finley
Great speeches from European drama
Actor's choice: ; Monologues for men
The perfect monologue : how to find and perform the monologue that will get you the part
The student actor prepares : acting for life
Planning for Escape is the haunting, darkly comical, story of a young woman’s quest for personal and artistic fulfillment - a goal she is brilliant at sabotaging. Narrated through an intense, witty, yet poetically lyrical interior monologue, Catherine interweaves her own unique perspectives on memory, family, and place, with the compelling and luminous account of her endlessly disappointing search for love through a dazzling array of quirky people and unforgettable places. Grounded in an escape to memorable places - from New England to Ireland, to Japan and back again - the narrative ultimately shifts to the historically preserved and richly ambient world of Greensboro, Vermont. This novel will inspire every searcher who ever felt disappointed with what life had delivered, as opposed to what was expected. It is for all those who ever wanted to escape, ever longed to return home, or ever considered deriving new joy from simply giving up and saying goodbye to old places in search of the new.
The faber book of monologues for women
Actor ́s choice ; Monologues for women
Nominal style in the Shakespearean soliloquy : with reference to the early English drama, Shakespeare's immediate predecessors and his contemporaries
The actor's scenebook. 2, Scenes and monologues from contemporary plays
The white tiger
221 one-minute monologues for women ; volume 2
The classical monologue : men
The only teller : readings in the monologue novel
New monologues for women
The contemporary monologue : women
In the approaches
National Theatre Connections monologues : speeches for young actors
Watt
New monologues for men
Planning for escape : a novel
The absurd fragmentation : Sarah Kane's 4.48 Psychosis explored through absurd dramas elements of plot, character and language
Demystifying the monologue : your road map to a compelling performance
Best monologues from the best American short plays ; volume three
Solo! : the best monologues of the 80s (Women)
