http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14619 intersexuality
intersexuality
Intersex and identity : the contested self
Kiss my relics : hermaphroditic fictions of the middle ages
Making sense of intersex : changing ethical perspectives in biomedicine
Critical intersex
What happens when a baby is born with "ambiguous" genitalia or a combination of "male" and "female" body parts? Clinicians and parents in these situations are confronted with complicated questions such as whether a girl can have XY chromosomes, or whether some penises are “too small” for a male sex assignment. Since the 1950s, standard treatment has involved determining a sex for these infants and performing surgery to normalize the infant's genitalia. Over the past decade intersex advocates have mounted unprecedented challenges to treatment, offering alternative perspectives about the meaning and appropriate medical response to intersexuality and driving the field of those who treat intersex conditions into a deep crisis. Katrina Karkazis offers a nuanced, compassionate picture of these charged issues in Fixing Sex, the first book to examine contemporary controversies over the medical management of intersexuality in the United States from the multiple perspectives of those most intimately involved. Drawing extensively on interviews with adults with intersex conditions, parents, and physicians, Karkazis moves beyond the heated rhetoric to reveal the complex reality of how intersexuality is understood, treated, and experienced today. As she unravels the historical, technological, social, and political forces that have culminated in debates surrounding intersexuality, Karkazis exposes the contentious disagreements among theorists, physicians, intersex adults, activists, and parents - and all that those debates imply about gender and the changing landscape of intersex management. She argues that by viewing intersexuality exclusively through a narrow medical lens we avoid much more difficult questions. Do gender atypical bodies require treatment? Should physicians intervene to control the "sex" of the body? As this illuminating book reveals, debates over treatment for intersexuality force reassessment of the seemingly natural connections between gender, biology, and the body.
Performing the author/mother/merchant/wife : moving subject positions in Minna Canth's autobiography
From the moment intersexuality-the condition of having physical gender markers (genitals, gonads, or chromosomes) that are neither clearly female nor male-is suspected and diagnosed, social institutions are mobilized in order to maintain the two seemingly objective sexual categories. Infants' bodies are altered, and what was "ambiguous" is made "normal." Kessler's interviews with pediatric surgeons and endocrinologists reveal how the intersex condition is normalized for parents and she argues that the way in which intersexuality is managed by the medical and psychological professions displays our culture's beliefs about gender and genitals. Parents of intersexed children are rarely heard from, but in this book they provide another perspective on reasons for genital surgeries and the quality of medical and psychological management. Although physicians educate parents about how to think about their children's condition, Kessler learned from parents of intersexed children that some parents are able to accept atypical genitals. Based on analysis of the medical literature and interview with adults who had received treatment as interesexed children, Kessler proposes new approaches for physicians to use in talking with parents and children. She also evaluates the appearance of a politicized vanguard, many of who are promoting an intersexual identity, who seek to alter the way physicians respond to intersexuality.
None of the above
Trans and intersex people : discrimination on the grounds of sex, gender identity and gender expression
Alex as well
Hermaphrodites and the medical invention of sex
Gender and sexual identity : transcending feminist and queer theory
Intersex bodies, not easily classifiable as male or female, challenge the binary sex system operative in Western societies. They have often been pathologized, problematized, or altered via surgical intervention to make them less exceptional. Such bodies have been figured as troubling: by doctors; by parents; by religious institutions; and by society at large. In this volume, scholars engage with intersex from a range of perspectives, including constructive and pastoral theologies, biblical studies, and sociology of religion. This volume suggests that intersex's capacity to 'trouble' might also be understood positively, challenging unquestioned norms and dubious assumptions in religion and beyond.
Sex and uncertainty in the body of Christ : intersex conditions and Christian theology
The bizarre beauty of bearded women : Viggo Wallensköld
Transgenderism and intersexuality in childhood and adolescence : making choices
Intersex
"The first comprehensive presentation of an explicitly transgender theory."--Cover p. [4].
"A groundbreaking story about a teenage girl who discovers she's intersex...and what happens when her secret is revealed to the entire school. Incredibly compelling and sensitively told, None of the Above is a thought-provoking novel that explores what it means to be a boy, a girl, or something in between" / Amazon website.
Bodies in doubt : an American history of intersex
Let's get this straight : the ultimate handbook for youth with LGBTQ parents
Autobiography of an androgyne
Fixing sex : intersex, medical authority, and lived experience
Disability in the Ottoman Arab world, 1500-1800
An excellent book that treats its subject matter with care and respect, and which encourages critical thinking about the issues discussed. American Journal of Human Biology 2010 In telling her story, Reis has also provided an excellent collection of illustrations. For scholars and medical students, this pleasantly written history provides an opportunity to view examples of these unusual problems. Perspectives in Biology and Medicine 2010 An excellent history of attitudes towards intersex persons from the 17th century onward. Choice 2010 Reis is an engaging writer... informative, engaging, and intersex supportive in tone. It might be most useful as a supplement in a university course on human sexuality or the psychology of gender. It is recommended to anyone interested in the sociological history of intersex, as one of the very few volumes on the subject. PsycCRITIQUES 2010 Offers much-needed voice to the much-silenced lives of intersex Americans... Reis captures their stories as told by a plethora of masculinist and authoritative treatises, including autopsies, legal records, and medical texts, and to a less extent autobiographies. Health and History 2010 Reis's study is useful precisely because of her broad brush-it promises to broaden early Americanists' conversations about sexuality and gender and could serve useful not only in courses on the history of sexuality, but in classes on medicine, gender, the history of bodies, and disability studies. Many important moments in intersex history receive more detailed attention elsewhere, but the author's goals of extending our thinking about intersex to an earlier era and linking often separate moments and issues are well realized in this engrossingly readable overview. Bulletin of the History of Medicine 2010 Bodies in Doubt is a thoughtful contribution to the historical analysis of intersex in the US and provides valuable insights for contemporary debates on the ethics of modern medical management of intersex. This linkage makes it an important read for gender scholars, medical historians and health professionals alike. Medical History 2010 In the end everyone would be well served by a society that accepts, not merely tolerates, ambiguity. Bodies in Doubt is a valuable, important book because it teaches this lesson well. -- James H. Jones Journal of American History 2011 Bodies in Doubt is the first work to present a comprehensive history of the ways that people and institutions have adjudicated the sex status of atypically sexed bodies in the United States. As such, it is a welcome addition to more contemporary studies of intersex and the history of sex/gender more broadly. Reis has meticulously researched a vast range of sources to discern instances in which physical bodies and/or inconsistently gendered behaviors have been the object of scrutiny, puzzlement, and often scorn. Reis' narrative is filled with rich detail and engaging questions that pull the reader along through an accessibly written monograph... One of the strengths of this work is that it presents such a wide range of cases that we can finally see that bodies, and social responses to bodies, really do vary not only across time and place, but even within any given context. -- Anne Enke Reviews in American History 2010 Throughout Bodies in Doubt we can see how the understanding of intersex has reflected contemporary cultural concerns about sex, and abnormality. -- Daniela Crocetti Social History of Medicine 2010 A thoughtful, engaging, and important addition to the growing body of scholarship that explores the interrelated histories of medicine, sex, and gender. -- Kevin Allen Leonard Pacific Historical Review 2010 Bodies in Doubt makes an important contribution to our understanding of early American cultural history. Reis's revelation of the ways that anxieties about perceived violations of sexual borders intersect with anxieties about racial 'mixing' should receive special attention... Reis's treatment of the overlapping medicalization of racial and sexual 'difference' also suggests the number of intersections with which one must reckon in telling the history of the medical management of atypical sex anatomies. -- Ellen K. Feder International Journal of Feminist Approaches to Bioethics 2011 Bodies in Doubt undoubtedly deserves a prominent place in the growing body of literature on intersex history and politics. One of Reis's main achievements is that she places present-day intersex politics in the context of a long and complex cultural history. Moreover, her discussion sheds light on the American history of intersex before the 1950s, a period that has not yet received much critical attention... Reis has unearthed a wealth of new American case histories that not only make for interesting reading but also offer fresh insight into the cultural construction of intersex bodies. Bodies in Doubt is an excellent and highly engaging introduction to the medical and cultural history of intersex. In addition, by raising awareness of the multiple ways in which intersex relates to other markers of human experience such as sexuality, race, or class, Reis invites further investigation and opens up a set of questions that might well prove central to intersex studies in the future. -- Jana Funke GLQ: Journal of Lesbian and Gay Studies 2011
Intersex in the age of ethics
Intersex, theology, and the Bible : troubling bodies in church, text, and society
To date, intersex studies has not received the scholarly attention it deserves as research in this area has been centred around certain key questions, scholars and geographical regions. Exploring previously neglected territories, this book broadens the scope of intersex studies, whilst adopting perspectives that turn the gaze of the liberal, humanist, scientific outlook upon itself, in order to reconfigure debates about rights, autonomy and subjectivity, and challenges the accepted paradigms of intersex identity politics. Presenting the latest theoretical and empirical research from an international group of experts, this is a truly interdisciplinary volume containing critical approaches from both the humanities and social sciences. With its contributions to sociology, anthropology, medicine, law, history, cultural studies, psychology and psychoanalysis, Critical Intersex will appeal to scholars and clinical practitioners alike.
Sex/gender : biology in a social world
Lessons from the intersexed
Sex/Gender presents a relatively new way to think about how biological difference can be produced over time in response to different environmental and social experiences. This book gives a clearly written explanation of the biological and cultural underpinnings of gender. Anne Fausto-Sterling provides an introduction to the biochemistry, neurobiology, and social construction of gender with expertise and humor in a style accessible to a wide variety of readers. In addition to the basics, Sex/Gender ponders the moral, ethical, social and political side to this inescapable subject.
he range of ethical issues that arise in regard to the treatment of intersex infants, children, and adults is representative of clinical healthcare ethics generally. By incorporating the perspective of patients and their stories in its account, Intersex in the Age of Ethics does more than introduce the question of healthcare ethics in microcosm, it leads the reader to examine the effect of ethical reflection on the lives of patients.
