http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14664 neuropsychology
neuropsychology
Brain and behaviour. 1, Mood, states and mind : selected readings
"Johns Hopkins neuroscientist and bestselling author of The Compass of Pleasure, David J. Linden presents an engaging and fascinating examination of how the interface between our sense of touch and our emotional responses affects our social interactions as well as our general health and development. Accessible in its wit and clarity, Touch explores scientific advances in the understanding of touch that help explain our sense of self and our experience of the world. From skin to nerves to brain, the organization of the body's touch circuits powerfully influences our lives--affecting everything from consumer choice to sexual intercourse, tool use to the origins of language, chronic pain to healing. Interpersonal touch is crucial to social bonding and individual development. Linden lucidly explains how sensory and emotional context work together to distinguish between perceptions of what feels good and what feels bad. Linking biology and behavioral science, Linden offers an entertaining and enlightening answer to how we feel in every sense of the word"--
Biological and neuropsychological mechanisms : life-span developmental psychology
Fundamentals of human neuropsychology
"When Handbook of Normative Data for Neuropsychological Assessment was originally published in 1999, it was the first book to provide neuropsychologists with summaries and critiques of normative data for neuropsychological tests." "Locator tables guide the reader to the sets of normative data that are best suited to each individual case, depending on the demographic characteristics of the patient, and highlight the advantages associated with using data for comparative purposes. Those using the book have the option of reading the authors' critical review of the normative data for a particular test, or simply turning to the appropriate data locator table for a quick reference to the relevant data tables in the Appendices." "The second edition includes reviews of 15 new tests. The way the data are presented has been changed to make the book easier to use. Meta-analysis tables of predicted values for different ages (and education, where relevant) are included for nine tests that have a sufficient number of homogeneous datasets." "No other reference offers such an effective framework for the critical evaluation of normative data for neuropsychological tests. Like the first, the second edition will be welcomed by practitioners, researchers, teachers, and graduate students as a unique and valuable contribution to the practice of neuropsychology."--BOOK JACKET.
"This volume showcases cutting-edge scholarship from The Big Questions in Free Will project, funded by a grant from the John Templeton Foundation and directed by Alfred R. Mele. It explores the subject of free will from the perspectives of neuroscience; social, cognitive, and developmental psychology; and philosophy (both traditional and experimental). The volume consists of fourteen new articles and an introduction from top-ranked contributors, all of whom bring fresh perspectives to the question of free will. They investigate questions such as: How do children conceive of free will and how does their concept of free will develop? How does lowered or raised confidence in the existence of free will affect our behavior? What modifies our power to resist temptation? What do lay folk mean by free will? What brain processes underlie decisions? How does the conscious experience of voluntary action contribute to the neural control of behavior? What are the neural differences between deliberate choosing and arbitrary picking? How do neuroscientific studies of decision making in monkeys bear on human free will? Is determinism compatible with free will? What can a proper understanding of causation tell us about free will? What is moral responsibility? Readers interested in the current and future direction of scholarship on free will find this volume essential reading"--
Neuropsychology of memory
Why we snap : understanding the rage circuit in your brain
Handbook of cognitive neuroscience
Unilateral neglect : clinical and experimental studies
Biological psychology : study guide to accompany
The neuropsychology of mental illness
Handbook of neuropsychology. Vol. 4, [Section 7: The commissurotomized brain ; Section 8: Aging and dementia (Part 1)]
The man who wasn't there : investigations into the strange new science of the self
Conversations with Neil's brain : the neural nature of thought and language
Simple minds
Clinical neuropsychology
Change your brain, change your life : the breakthrough programme for conquering anger, anxiety, obsessiveness and depression
Neurotribes : the legacy of autism and the future of neurodiversity
Age of opportunity : lessons from the new science of adolescence
Change your brain, change your life
Social : why our brains are wired to connect
Psychoneuroimmunology : interactions between brain, nervous system, behavior, endocrine and immune system
"The Big Questions in Free Will project was created by a five million dollar grant by the Templeton Foundation and is directed by the philosopher Alfred R. Mele. The goal of the project is to study the topic of free will from a variety of promising interdisciplinary angles, including but not limited to philosophy (traditional and experimental), neuroscience; and social, cognitive, and developmental psychology. The contents and structure of this volume reflect this agenda; it is the first volume to emerge from this new enterprise. Topics covered include children's concept of free will; the brain processes underlying decisions; the conscious experience of voluntary action and the neural control of behavior; the causal roles of conscious processes; and fresh philosophical perspectives on free will"--
Delusions of gender : how our minds, society, and neurosexism create difference
The brain warrior's way : ignite your energy and focus, attack illness and aging, transform pain into purpose
Consciousness and cognition : fragments of mind and brain
This is your brain on music : the science of a human obsession
Psychological methods for the assessment of chronic toxic encephalopathy and multiple chemical sensitivity
Character analysis
Richard Bandler's guide to trance-formation : make your life great
What is pathological if normal adults demonstrate erroneous responses in neuropsychological praxis examinations?
Clinical significance of test item refusals among young children
Signing in the brain : sign language perception studied by neuroimaging techniques
The student's guide to cognitive neuroscience
Timing of behavior : neural, psychological, and computational perspectives
Ventilatory disorders
A dictionary of neuropsychology
Advances in biological psychiatry. Vol. 2
The man without a shadow : a novel
The chemistry of conscious states : how the brain changes its mind
Touch : the science of hand, heart, and mind
Surrounding free will : philosophy, psychology, neuroscience
The rest principle : a neurophysiological theory of behavior
Musical activities and the development of neural sound discrimination
Neuropsychological rehabilitation
Case studies in the neuropsychology of memory
Mild head injury : relation to cognition, dementia, fatigue & genetics
The psychophysiology of consciousness
Coming into mind : the mind-brain relationship : a Jungian clinical perspective
Brain and behaviour. 1, Mood, states and mind. 1, Mood, states and mind : selected readings
The brain and behavior : an introduction to behavioral neuroanatomy
Cortical functions
Process approaches to consciousness in psychology, neuroscience, and philosophy of mind
Facets of dyslexia and its remediation
The brain supremacy : notes from the frontiers of neuroscience
Creativity in a psychodynamic, existential, and neuropsychological perspective
Why humans like to cry : tragedy, evolution, and the brain
Rehabilitation of neuropsychological disorders : a practical guide for rehabilitation professionals
Neurocognitive deficits in subjects at ulta-high risk for psychosis : predicting psychosis conversion in a prospective European multicentre study
Nejropsihologiâ pamâti : narušeniâ pamâti pri glubinnyh poraženiâh mozga = Neuropsychology of memory : memory disturbances in deep lesions of the brain. 2
Behavioral neuroscientists study the behavior of animals and humans and the neurobiological and physiological processes that control it. Behavior is the ultimate function of the nervous system, and the study of it is very multidisciplinary. Disorders of behavior in humans touch millions of people's lives significantly, and it is of paramount importance to understand pathological conditions such as addictions, anxiety, depression, schizophrenia, autism among others, in order to be able to develop new treatment possibilities.
Neuropsychology : from theory to practice
The psychology of consciousness
The objective diagnosis of minimal brain dysfunction
Biological psychology
Journal of the international neuropsychological society
Word fluency : automatic vs. effortful retrieval
This is the fully revised and updated second edition of the very successful introductory textbook on cognitive neuroscience. Written by two leading experts in the field, this textbook book takes a unique thematic approach to introduce concepts of cognitive neurosciences, guiding students along a clear path to understand the latest findings whether or not they have a background in neuroscience. New to this edition are Frontiers in Cognitive Neuroscience text boxes; each one focuses on a leading researcher and their topic of expertise. There is a new chapter on Genes and Molecules of Cognition, and all other chapters have been thoroughly revised, based on the most recent discoveries. This title is the new edition of a very successful textbook. It is completely revised to reflect new advances, and feedback from adopters and students. It includes a new chapter on Genes and Molecules of Cognition. For teachers: Rapid adoption and course preparation - a wide array of instructor support materials are available online including PowerPoint lecture slides, a test bank with answers, and eFlashcords on key concepts for each chapter. It is a textbook with an easy-to-understand thematic approach: in a way that is clear for students from a variety of academic backgrounds, the text introduces concepts such as working memory, selective attention, and social cognition. It includes a step-by-step guide for introducing students to brain anatomy: color graphics have been carefully selected to illustrate all points and the research explained. Beautifully clear artist's drawings are used to 'build a brain' from top to bottom, simplifying the layout of the brain. For students: This is an easy-to-read, complete introduction to mind-brain science: all chapters begin from mind-brain functions and build a coherent picture of their brain basis. A single, widely accepted functional framework is used to capture the major phenomena.
Early development and adult cognitive function in schizophrenia and the general population—a longitudinal perspective
In the Middle: The adolescent brain, behaviour and learning explores current research into brain development in adolescence and the changes in the brain as humans move into adulthood. This book seeks to use neuroscience to help parents, teachers and adults better understand the changes that occur in the brain during the transition from childhood to adulthood. By understanding the science, we gain an opportunity to not only contribute positively to adolescent behaviour and learning but also enhance the day-to-day interactions and relationships that are vital to adolescent wellbeing.
Brain Culture investigates the American obsession with the health of the brain. The brain has become more than a bodily organ, acquiring a near-mystical status. The message that this organ is the key to everything is everywhere--in self-help books that tell us to work on our brains to achieve happiness and enlightenment, in drug advertisements that promise a few tweaks to our brain chemistry will cure us of our discontents, and in politicians' speeches that tell us that our brains are national resources essential to our economic prosperity. Davi Johnson Thornton looks at these familiar messages, tracing the ways that brain science and colorful brain images produced by novel scientific technologies are taken up and distributed in popular media. She tracks the impact of the message that, "you are your brain" across multiple contemporary contexts, analyzing its influence on child development, family life, education, and public policy. Brain Culture shows that our fixation on the brain is not simply a reaction to scientific progress, but a cultural phenomenon deeply tied to social and political values of individualism and limitless achievement.
Neuroanatomy for students of behavioral disorders
Principles of behavioral neuroscience
The organization of behavior : a neuropsychological theory
Handbook of chemical neuroanatomy. Vol. 18, Glutamate
The nervous body : na introduction to the autonomic nervous system and behaviour
Variations in functional lateralization
Into the silent land : travels in neuropsychology
The human psyche : the GIFFORD lectures, University of Edingburgh 1978-1979
Beyond dissociation : interaction between dissociated implicit and explicit processing
Clinical neuropsychology : behavioral and brain science
How to create a mind : the secret of human thought revealed
Handbook of neuropsychology. Vol. 8, part 1, Child neuropsychology, part 1
The emotional life of your brain : how its unique patterns affect the way you think, feel and live : and how you can change them
In the middle : the adolescent brain, behaviour and learning
Neuropsychology for occupational therapists : cognition in occupational performance
Executive functions are impaired in spinocerebellar ataxia type 8
Altered egos : how the brain creates the self
Handbook of rehabilitation psychology
Memory, attention, and decision-making : a unifying computational neuroscience approach
Different vulnerability indicators for psychosis and their neuropsychological chrasteristics in the Northern Finland
Drawing on the latest research in neuroscience and psychology, Cordelia Fine debunks the myth of hardwired differences between men's and women's brains, unraveling the evidence behind such claims as men's brains aren't wired for empathy and women's brains aren't made to fix cars. She then goes one step further, offering a very different explanation of the dissimilarities between men's and women's behavior. Instead of a "male brain" and a "female brain," Fine gives us a glimpse of plastic, mutable minds that are continuously influenced by cultural assumptions about gender.--From publisher description.
Neuro design : neuromarketing insights to boost engagement and profitability
Mind hacks : tips & tools for using your brain
Handbook of neuroLeadership
Emotion : pleasure and pain in the brain
"The New York Times bestselling author examines how our sense of touch and emotion are interconnected   Johns Hopkins neuroscientist and bestselling author of The Compass of Pleasure, David J. Linden presents an engaging and fascinating examination of how the interface between our sense of touch and our emotional responses affects our social interactions as well as our general health and development. Accessible in its wit and clarity, Touch explores scientific advances in the understanding of touch that help explain our sense of self and our experience of the world.  From skin to nerves to brain, the organization of the body's touch circuits powerfully influences our lives-affecting everything from consumer choice to sexual intercourse, tool use to the origins of language, chronic pain to healing. Interpersonal touch is crucial to social bonding and individual development. Linden lucidly explains how sensory and emotional context work together to distinguish between perceptions of what feels good and what feels bad. Linking biology and behavioral science, Linden offers an entertaining and enlightening answer to how we feel in every sense of the word"--
Handbook of clinical and experimental neuropsychology
Neuropsychological rehabilitation and people with dementia
Fast oscillations in cortical circuits
Conditioning of mismatch negativity (MMN) to standard auditory simuli : evidence from a multimodal associative learning ERP study
The handbook of brain theory and neural networks
The explosive child : a new approach for understanding and parenting easily frustrated, chrinically inflexible children
Neuropsychological foundations of learning disabilities : a handbook of issues, methods, and practice
Neurotribes : the legacy of autism and how to think smarter about people who think differently
The unity of consciousness : binding, integration, and dissociation
The hour between dog and wolf : risk-taking, gut feelings and the biology of boom and bust
Experimental neuropsychology : A laboratory manual
Brain & behavior : an introduction to biological psychology
Picasso's brain
Productivity-related cognitive impairments after ischaemic stroke
Encyclopedia of behavioral neuroscience
Handbook of neuropsychology. Vol. 1
Handbook of neuropsychology. Vol. 3, [Section 5: Memory and its disorders ; Section 6: Emotional behavior and its disorders]
Hardwiring happiness : the new brain science of contentment, calm, and confidence
Brain culture : neuroscience and popular media
Handbook of neuropsychology. Volume 5
Mapping the mind
An anthropologist on Mars : seven paradoxical tales
Neuropsychology : a clinical approach
Handbook of normative data for neuropsychological assessment
Basic readings in neuropsychology
Three dimensional creativity : three navigations to extend our thoughts
Hardwiring happiness : how to reshape your brain and your life
The neurological side of neuropsychology
The little black book of neuropsychology : a syndrome-based approach
Integrated semantic processing of complex pictures and spoken sentences : evidence from event-related potentials
The executive brain : frontal lobes and the civilized mind
Neuropsychological interventions : clinical research and practice
Handbook of neuropsychology. Volume 4
Looking inside the brain : the power of neuroimaging
"This book challenges the current thrust of neoliberalism and economic managerialism by unfolding a new vision of participatory action learning and action research (PALAR) as a philosophy, methodology, and theory of learning and the facilitation process. The focus is on professional learning conceived as being participatory, collaborative, holistic and transformative, particularly through critical reflection and an affective-socio-cognitive approach. In a unique new approach, Professional Learning in Higher Education and Communities adopts a novel integration of social science with neuroscience to explain the processes and significance of PALAR. This provides the basis for justifying PALAR as an effective way to collaboratively achieve positive change, sustainable development and social justice, based on human agency and democratic values, for the common good and thus a better world for all. This book itself is testament to the critical reflection and affective-socio-cognitive approach that it advocates".
The social brain : discovering the networks of the mind
Asymmetry of motor signs and cognitive findings in newly diagnosed Parkinson's disease
The quantified process approach to neuropsychological assessment
The nine degrees of autism : a developmental model for the alignment and reconciliation of hidden neurological conditions
Cognitive impairment in schizophrenia : related risk factors and clinical characteristics
Short-term and working memory : a special issue of Memory
A moment of transition : two neuroscientific articles
Brain and behavior : An introduction to
Mastering psychology
Biological substrates of human sexuality
The man who mistook his wife for a hat
Effects of a 10-week aerobic exercise intervention on physical fitness, cognition and preattentive sensory processing of aging women
Cognitive neurology : a clinical textbook
Human cognitive neuropsychology : a textbook with readings
Brain and behaviour. 2, Perception and action : selected readings
Brain and behaviour. 2, Perception and action. 2, Perception and action : selected readings
Meditation - neuroscientific approaches and philosophical implications
The woman who changed her brain : unlocking the extraordinary potential of the human mind
The Raymond Tallis reader
Introducing mind & brain
Bridging research and practice in clinical neuropsychology : INS Mid-Year Meeting 2009, 29 July-1 August 2009, Helsinki, Finland and Tallinn, Estonia : program and abstracts
Applied biological psychology
Spatial vision
Train your mind, change your brain : how a new science reveals our extraordinary potential to transform ourselves
Dyslexia and reading : a neuropsychological approach
Normality and pathology in cognitive functions
Working memory functions at prestroke stage of CADASIL
Endangered minds : why our children don't think
Clinical neuropsychology : excursions into the field in Finland
Methods in social neuroscience
Self comes to mind : constructing the conscious brain
Child neuropsychology : an introduction to theory, research, and clinical practice
Development of event-related potentials (ERPS) in infants and preschool children with and without familial risk for dyslexia
The universe inside you : the extreme science of the human body from quantum theory to the mysteries of the brain
Memory and emotion : interdisciplinary perspectives
It is now possible to witness human brain activity while we are talking, reading, or thinking, thanks to revolutionary neuroimaging techniques like magnetic resonance imaging (MRI). These groundbreaking advances have opened infinite fields of investigation--into such areas as musical perception, brain development in utero, and faulty brain connections leading to psychiatric disorders--and have raised unprecedented ethical issues. In Looking Inside the Brain, one of the leading pioneers of the field, Denis Le Bihan, offers an engaging account of the sophisticated interdisciplinary research in physics, neuroscience, and medicine that have led to the remarkable neuroimaging methods that give us a detailed look into the human brain. Introducing neurological anatomy and physiology, Le Bihan walks readers through the historical evolution of imaging technology--from the X-ray and CT scan to the PET scan and MRI--and he explains how neuroimaging uncovers afflictions like stroke or cancer and the workings of higher-order brain activities, such as language skills. Le Bihan also takes readers on a behind-the-scenes journey through NeuroSpin, his state-of-the-art neuroimaging laboratory, and goes over the cutting-edge scanning devices currently being developed. Considering what we see when we look at brain images, Le Bihan weighs what might be revealed about our thoughts and unconscious, and discusses how far this technology might go in the future. Beautifully illustrated in color, Looking Inside the Brain presents the trailblazing story of the scanning techniques that provide keys to previously unimagined knowledge of our brains and our selves. – WorldCat.
The prefrontal cortex
The hyperactive child : diagnosis, management, current research
Professional learning in higher education and communities : towards a new vision for action research
Neuropsychology for occupational therapists : assessment of perception and cognition
Cognitive neuroscience of emotion
Visuospatial neglect : attentional deficits and anatomical correlates
Welcome to your child's brain : how the mind grows from birth to university
Brainwashing : the science of thought control
The brain's way of healing : stories of remarkable recoveries and discoveries
The future of the mind : the scientific quest to understand, enhance and empower the mind
Extreme fear : the science of your mind in danger
Ageing, neuropsychology and the "new" dementias : definitions, explanations and practical approaches
"This collection of essays are mainly casebook studies. Neurological patients, Oliver Sacks once wrote, are travellers to unimaginable lands. This book offers portraits of seven such travellers, including a surgeon consumed by the compulsive tics of Tourette's syndrome unless he is operating." / WorldCat.
The cortical neuron
It's a jungle in there : how competition and cooperation in the brain shape the mind
Neurobehavioral test battery of the Institute of Occupational Health
Dyslexia : its neuropsychology and treatment
The neuropsychology of everyday life : assessment and basic competencies
Neuropsychology : the neural bases of mental function
The owner's manual for the brain : the ultimate guide to peak mental performance at all ages
Your child's growing mind : brain development and learning from birth to adolescence
CERAD neuropsychological battery in Finnish primary health care
Mathematical disabilities : a cognitive neuropsychological perspective
Consciousness lost and found : a neuropscychological exploration
Handbook of chemical neuroanatomy. Vol. 19, Immediate early genes and inducible transcription factors in mapping of the central nervous system function and dysfunction
Neurocognitive development of five year-old children receiving a low-saturated-fat, low cholesterol diet since infancy : the STRIP baby project
"A groundbreaking book that upends conventional thinking about autism and suggests a broader model for acceptance, understanding, and full participation in society for people who think differently. What is autism: a devastating developmental disorder, a lifelong disability, or a naturally occurring form of cognitive difference akin to certain forms of genius? In truth, it is all of these things and more--and the future of our society depends on our understanding it. WIRED reporter Steve Silberman unearths the secret history of autism, long suppressed by the same clinicians who became famous for discovering it, and finds surprising answers to the crucial question of why the number of diagnoses has soared in recent years. Going back to the earliest days of autism research and chronicling the brave and lonely journey of autistic people and their families through the decades, Silberman provides long-sought solutions to the autism puzzle, while mapping out a path for our society toward a more humane world in which people with learning differences and those who love them have access to the resources they need to live happier, healthier, more secure, and more meaningful lives. Along the way, he reveals the untold story of Hans Asperger, the father of Asperger's syndrome, whose "little professors" were targeted by the darkest social-engineering experiment in human history; exposes the covert campaign by child psychiatrist Leo Kanner to suppress knowledge of the autism spectrum for fifty years; and casts light on the growing movement of "neurodiversity" activists seeking respect, support, technological innovation, accommodations in the workplace and in education, and the right to self-determination for those with cognitive differences"--
How the brain works
Curious behavior : yawning, laughing, hiccupping and beyond
Early development and adult cognitive function in schizophrenia and the general population : a longitudinal perspective
Neuropsychology : the study of brain and behavior
The cognitive neuropsychology of attention
The biology of desire : why addiction is not a disease
Measuring the Willingness To Purchase using methods of neuromarketing
A user's guide to the brain : perception, attention and the four theaters of the brain
The healing dimensions : resolving trauma in bodymind and spirit : introducing holographic memory resolution for the healing of physical, emotional, mental, and spiritual blockages to health and well-being
Cognition, brain, and consciousness : introduction to cognitive neuroscience
Telemental health : clinical, technical, and administrative foundations for evidence-based practice
Rethinking the brain : new insights into early development
Change your brain, change your body : reach your ideal weight, look younger, boost your energy
The synaptic self : how our brains become who we are
The neuropsychology of consciousness
