http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14658 youth organisations
youth organisations
World messenger of youth
10th Summer edition of the European Youth Olympic Festival 18-25 July = X Festival Olympique de la Jeunesse Européenne, edition d'été 18-25 juillet = Euroopan nuorten olympiafestivaalit 18.-25.7
An official history of scouting
Marketing planning in non-profit organisations : case: marketing plan for ECYC
Youth : similarities, differences, inequalities
Blood and honour
Working with young people in Europe : what we can learn from our neighbours
The quest for an ideal youth in Putin's Russia II : the search for distinctive conformism in the political communication of Nashi, 2005-2009
Local and global encounters : norms, identities and representations in formation
Performing political opposition in Russia : the case of the youth group Oborona
New arenas for community social work practice with urban youth : use of the arts, humanities and sports
Girls of yesterday and to-day : the romance of the Y.W.C.A
The communist international youth and student apparatus : a monograph
Can we learn from history? More specifically, have we learned from the social history of Nazi Germany and its effects on people living today? In seeking answers to these questions the articles in this collection are concerned with unravelling and analysing the social framework of Nazism. Key to understanding that framework is the relationship between identity-formation, political culture and pedagogic activities. In this context, the question of the causes of Nazism and of its instigators, of its political and pedagogic traditions, orientations, classes and social milieu, takes on a special meaning in relation to the expansion and maintenance of Nazi domination. Of particular importance is the mediation between terrorist domination and an everyday life suggestive of normality. The authors suggest that the formative capture of all members of this society succeeded essentially through an 'education toward folk community'. When the ideology of folk community encourages processes of social integration and exclusion; when it is a matter of 'human selection'; when it concerns culprits, victims and accomplices, the decisive question becomes: How can an ideology mediated by pedagogic practices operate so effectively that it apparently provided many in Nazi Germany with a 'functioning' identity?
The AFS story : journeys of a lifetime: 1914, 1947, 1997.
INternational and OUTstanding : a short book about international affairs at Humak University of Applied Sciences in degree programme in civic activities and youth work
Sociocultural animation in youth work : Survey of sociocultural animation in the work of the youth coordinators in districts of Finnish Red Cross
Puoli vuosisataa Suomen Punaisen Ristin nuorisotoimintaa = Fifty years of youth work by the Finnish Red cross
Young socialists for equality and democracy : report by the general secretary IUSY-policy and IUSY-activities 1963-1966
Commissars on the market : discursive commodities of the youth movement NASHI
Report and resolutions of the meeting of the executive of the World's Committee of Young Men's Christian Associations : Geneva, Switzerland : July 15th to 18th, 1939
This book celebrates both the contribution of Guiding to the lives of many Deaf girls and young women, and the contribution of those girls and young women to the Guide Movement. Deaf girls and those who shared activities with them were "in at the beginning". The book is richly illustrated with photographs contributed by many Deaf people with the earliest dating from 1911. It ends with the influence of mainstreaming in 1985. One section pays tribute to the Friend to the Deaf Badge, which, perhaps, did more than anything else, during those years, to introduce youngsters to fingerspelling, and the communication needs of Deaf and Deafblind people. The author writes with personal knowledge of both the fun and the challenges of "playing the game that is Guiding". The book forms a record of an important part of Deaf feminine history.
Scandinavian institutes for children literature
Optimizing active volunteer engagement and motivation in an internationally operating nonprofit organization : case: Allianssi Youth Exchanges
The quest for an ideal youth in Putin's Russia I : back to our future! history, modernity and patriotism according to Nashi, 2005-2012
Youth Civic Service in Europe : policies and programmes: France, Germany, Italy, the Czech Republic, Poland and at European level
Education and fascism : political identity and social education in Nazi Germany
The Soviet youth program : regimentation and rebellion
Youth movements of the world
Comparative analysis of the endeavours of the German youth musical movement (Jugendmusikbewegung) and of the Singing Youth, the Hungarina youth musical movement
Evaluation of Political Parties of Finland for Democracy (DEMO Finland) Development Programme.
Youth movements, trauma and alternative space in contemporary Japan
Contemporary marginalization and exclusion of young people : whose reality counts?
Youth life
Intercultural learning in non-formal education : theoretical framework and starting points
Ecyc game book : teambuilding games, energizers and icebreakers from youth clubs around Europe
The church : a eucharistic community : the report of the twelfth General Assembly of Syndesmos August 17-24, 1986
Imperialism and popular culture
Nonprofit organizations that use volunteer work often have limited financial resources to invest in promotion or advertising and all extra costs are cut. Allianssi Youth Exchanges is one of these organizations. This research will study how Allianssi Youth Exchanges could optimize their active volunteer activities so that they would have a “win-win” situation with their active volunteers – both parties' benefits would be maximized. The reserarch question is: How to increase and optimize active volunteer engagement and motivation in Allianssi Youth Exchanges? The research question was approached, by looking into the motivational and de-motivational factors that affect motivation and engagement in volunteer work. The organization's side was also approached by asking how the organization could get the most out of their active volunteers. The theory framework dealt with volunteer management and active volunteerism. The empirical phase of the research was done in two stages. The first stage included qualitative interviews for Allianssi Youth Exchanges' active volunteers. The second stage involved benchmarking Allianssi Youth Exchanges' partner organizations through an e-mail inquiry. The key findings were that Allianssi Youth Exchanges' active volunteers are satisfied with their work, but are not used at their full capacity. The organization should focus more on personal contacts and diversity in activities for active volunteers.
Youth will be led : the story of the voluntary youth organizations
Political youth organisations : strengthening the voice of youth in politics : the Finnish experience
Working-class culture : studies in history and theory
Ecumenism of the laity : continuity and change in the mission view of the World's Alliance of Young Men's Christian Associations, 1855-1955
Manual for facilitators in non-formal education : involved in preparing and delivering the programme of study sessions at European Youth Centres
Knock knock - may I come in? : guide to equality in sports and youth organisations
Hitler youth : the Hitlerjugend in war and peace, 1933-1945
Voices and values of young people : representations in Russian media
Hitler Youth
Life in the Hitler Youth
Seventy-five remarkable years : a record of deaf people and the girl guide movement 1910-1985
Evaluation of the Available Means of Support for Integration of 2nd Generation Immigrants : Pasila Community Center
Young Germany : a history of the German youth movement
The Torch : Newspaper of The Young Peoples Socialist League
For youth
Two shades of totalitarianism : socialist and national-socialist policy towards civil activity in Estonia, 1940-1944
Development of youth associations in Northern Carelia in the 1980's and 1990's
Developing a youth organization : case Turku YMCA
Work with girls
Youth in the fatherless land : war pedagogy, nationalism, and authority in Germany, 1914-1918
Youth services and organizations in Finland
The way review
Youth and change
Women, clubs and associations in Britain
Politics, society and christianity in Vichy France
WFDY News
Information bulletin
Evaluation : Political Parties of Finland for Democracy (DEMO Finland) Development Programme
World youth
Who is who in Finnish youth work
English summary.
Abstract: Strategic marketing planning is no stranger to most companies, and nowadays even the non-profit organisations are noticing that in order to succeed in the market with increasing competition about funding, sponsors, and members' time, they have to plan and organise their marketing efforts carefully. European Confederation of Youth Clubs (ECYC), an international, non-governmental youth organisation, is a good example of this. Strategic marketing planning process can be conducted nearly the same way in the non-profit organisations as in normal, profit-seeking companies. The strategic marketing decisions concerning target markets, competitive position and marketing mix are made based on the organisation's mission and objectives, at the same time taking the external environment (public, competitive, and marcoenvironmet) into consideration. The non-profit companies are considered to be in the service business and their objective is to promote a certain private or public issue for non-commercial purposes. Usually they do this with the help of funding and this is why the marketing communication must be directed not only to the customers who are most commonly the members, but also to other key publics like sponsors. Ethics are also an important consideration in the non-profit marketing. The ECYC marketing plan is conducted according to the strategic marketing planning theory presented in the work and it identifies the organisation's top priorities for the next two years including branding questions, finding a sponsor and a partner, and getting new members. ECYC will further develop the marketing plan in the near future, when they will have set the broad organisation strategy, which is in development at the moment.
The Communist Youth League and the transformation of the Soviet Union, 1917-1932
The origins of postmodern youth : informal youth movements in a comparative perspective
Putin's wars : the rise of Russia's new imperialism
Youth in Finland
