http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14665 ancient peoples
ancient peoples
An introduction to Celtic mythology
A history of the ancient Near East, c. 3000-323 BC
The context of scripture. Vol. 3, Archival documents from the biblical world
The first horsemen
The Etruscans : a new investigation
On the case of Vambarljóð II : register and mode from skaldic verse to sagnakvæði
"Employs archaelogical findings and historical records to describe the kingdom of Puyŏ, an ancient and largely obscure polity that once exercised influence over a large portion of central Manchuria in what is today the northeastern part of China"--Provided by publisher.
Problems concerning the origin and early development of the Etruscan orientalizing style : illustrations
Aztecs and incas AD 1300-1532
Abstract in english.
First civilizations : ancient Mesopotamia and ancient Egypt
At home with the Sapa Inca : architecture, space, and legacy at Chinchero
Treasures of the Andes : the glories of Inca and Pre-Columbian South America
Paleolithic Man and the Nile-Faiyum Divide : a study of the Region during Pliocene and Pleistocene Times
Lost civilizations : rediscovering the great cultures of the past
"From Achaemenids to Ziwiye and administration to ziggurat, the British Museum Dictionary of the Ancient Near East is a mine of information on the ancient Near Eastern world. It is the only single-volume dictionary to cover the whole area - Mesopotamia, the Levant, Iran, Anatolia and Arabia - from earliest times until the Persian conquest of Babylon in 539 BC." "Over 500 extensively cross-referenced and comprehensively indexed entries provide clear explanations and descriptions of the ideas, institutions, sites, peoples and personalities that have shaped an area often described as the cradle of civilization. Each entry is a considered, self-contained essay, signed by an international scholar. Architecture, literature, economics, labour, religion and society are all covered, while more unusual subjects include adultery, crime, drunkenness, eunuchs and sexual behaviour." "Each entry is followed by a short bibliography enabling readers to pursue topics in greater detail, with summary chronologies for ease of reference. The dictionary is illustrated throughout with photographs and specially commissioned maps, plans of major sites and drawings of reconstructed buildings, sculptures and reliefs."--BOOK JACKET.
Civilizations of ancient Iraq
The Kurgan culture and the Indo-Europeanization of Europe : selected articles from 1952 to 1993
The Old Norse poetic form stikki
The conquest of Mexico
Technology in the time of the Aztecs
Daily life in the Inca empire
The evolution of urban society : early Mesopotamia and prehispanic Mexico
History and the Gods : an essay on the idea of historical events as divine manifestation in the Ancient Near East and in Israel
The Aztec book of destiny : with 370 original illustrations by the author
Social networks and regional identity in Bronze Age Italy
The dawn of Tibet : the ancient civilization on the roof of the world
Turn right at Machu Picchu : rediscovering the lost city one step at a time
Sacred earth, sacred stones
Empires at war. Vol. 1, A chronological encyclopedia from Sumer to the Persian Empire
The ancient Maya
"Man is the measure of all things" : the system of kennings as a tangible object
Woman of a thousand secrets
Magic stones : the secret world of ancient megaliths
Myths of pre-Columbian America
Assyrian costumes = Les costumes assyriens
Tradition and Innovation in the Ancient Near East : proceedings of the 57th Rencontre Assyriologique Internationale at Rome 4-8 July 2011
The notion of the desert in Sumero-Accadian and West-Semitic religions
Poetic formulas in late medieval Icelandic folk poetry : : the case of  Vamb̂arljóð
Searching for authentic living through native faith : the Maausk movement in Estonia
The stars and the stones : ancient art and astronomy in Ireland
Celtic mysteries : the ancient religion
One god or many? : concepts of divinity in the ancient world
Proto-Indo-European culture: The Kurgan culture during the fifth, fourth, and third millenia b.c
Gods and myths of the Aztecs
The Phoenicians : history and treasures of an ancient civilization
Etruscan Italy
Dictionary of the ancient Near East
Sacred geography : deciphering hidden codes in the landscape
Hurrians and Subarians
The ancient Near East, a life! : Festschrift Karel Van Lerberghe
"It is essential reading for anyone interested in this crucial period in world history."--BOOK JACKET.
Archaeology in the Holy Land
Past worlds : the Times atlas of archeology
Race, science, and the nation : reconstructing the ancient past in Britain, France and Germany
On the case of Vambarljóð I : comments on formulaicity in the sagnakvæði
Maya cities
The Etruscan lion
From Caledonia to Pictland : Scotland to 795
The Picts
Citadels of mystery
"This book takes an innovative approach to detecting regional groupings in peninsular Italy during the Late Bronze Age, a notoriously murky period of Italian prehistory. Applying social network analysis to the distributions of imports and other distinctive objects, Emma Blake reveals previously unrecognized exchange networks that are in some cases the precursors of the named peoples of the first millennium BC: the Etruscans, the Veneti, and others. In a series of regional case studies, she uses quantitative methods to both reconstruct and analyze the character of these early networks and posits that, through path dependence, the initial structure of the networks played a role in the success or failure of the groups occupying those same regions in later times. This book thus bridges the divide between Italian prehistory and the Classical period, and demonstrates that Italy's regionalism began far earlier than previously thought"--
The archaeology of Etruscan society
1491 : the Americas before Columbus
The black one is on its way back
The world at 18000 BP. Vol. 1, High latitudes
The golden bough : a study in magic and religion
Polaris : chivalric tragedy at the utmost north
Lost city of the Incas : the story of Machu Picchu and its builders
The keys to the universe : access the ancient secrets by attuning to the power of wisdom of the cosmos
Great civilisations
The celts
The Celtic Shaman : a handbook
The Abyssinians
Mexican and Central American mythology
In this comprehensive study, Horowitz examines all of the extant Mesopotamian texts (both Sumerian and Akkadian) relating to the ideas of the physical universe and its constituent parts (Heaven, Earth, subterranean waters, underworld). The author shows that the Mesopotamian view of the universe was at once cohesive as well as discordant and deficient, while remaining fairly constant over more than 2,500 years. Horowitz first surveys the various sources for Mesopotamian cosmic geography, including various mythological and literary texts, as well as the famous "Babylonian Map of the World" and various astrological and astronomical texts. The universe was built by the gods in earliest times and was thought to be held together by cosmic bonds. Given this general notion, there is nevertheless significant variety in the inclusion or omission of various elements of the picture in texts of different genres and from different periods. In addition, the available evidence leaves a number of problems unsolved. What are the bounds of the universe? What is beyond the limits of the universe? In the second section of the book, Horowitz then discusses each of the various regions and their names in various locales and time periods, drawing on the disparate sources to show where there is coherence and where there is difference of perspective. In addition, he discusses all of the names for the different parts of the universe and examines the geographies of each region. Of importance for both Assyriologists and those interested in the history of ideas, particularly the cosmologies of the ancient Near East.
The Kingfisher Atlas of the Ancient World
The notion of the desert in Sumero-Accadien and West-Semitic religions
History of the Incas
Everyday life of the Maya
Stonehenge : mysteries of the stones and landscape
The Aztecs : people of the sun
"This book presents a clear, concise history of the extraordinarily multicultural civilizations of the ancient Near East. Beginning with the emergence of writing around 3000 B.C., the narrative ranges from the origins of the first cities in Mesopotamia, through the growth of the Babylonian and Hittite kingdoms, to the Assyrian and Persian empires. It ends with the transformation of the ancient Near East by the conquests of Alexander the Great." "Incorporating the most recent discoveries and scholarship, the book provides both an account of political and military events and a survey of the cultures and societies of the ancient Near East." "The straightforward, accessible text is accompanied by plentiful maps and illustrations, and contains a selection of Near Eastern texts in translation. Each chapter includes a key research question or text, such as the use of the Bible as a historical source, the Epic of Gilgamesh, and the Assyrian royal annals.".
Dacia : an outline of the early civilizations of the Carpatho-Danubian countries
The menial art of cooking : archaeological studies of cooking and food preparation
Celtic gods and heroes
Mysteries of the Mexican pyramids
The art and architecture of the ancient Orient
The 2012 story : the myths, fallacies, and thruth behind the most intriguing date in history
The code of kings : the language of seven sacred Maya temples and tombs
Studies on the history of the Sarmatians
This paper evaluates the limited evidence of a particular Old Norse poetic form called stikki, identified, or potentially identified, in only five sources. These sources are critically reviewed in order to  assess what, if any, generalisations can be made about stikki poetry.
Earthquakes unveiling the earth's past
Approaches to social archaeology
Goddesses unknown I : Njǫrun and the sister-wife of Njǫrðr
Economy and society in northern Babylonia in the early old Babylonian period (ca. 2000-1800 BC)
Discovery! : unearthing the new treasures of archaeology
The Aztecs
The lost empire of Atlantis : history's greatest mystery revealed
Sacred darkness : a global perspective on the ritual use of caves
Splendors of the ancient Persia
A celtic reader : selections from celtic legend, scholarship and story
Ancient Americans : rewriting the history of the New World
Forecasting the rain of Óðinn : referentiel ambiguity in kennings referring to POETRY
The ancient Near East. 1, An anthology of texts and pictures
The (de)construction of mythic ethnography I : is every þurs in verse a þurs?
The Celts : Bronze Age to New Age
The royal hordes : nomad peoples of the steppes
Substrata Uralica : studies on Finno-Ugrian substrate in Northern Russian dialects
The conquest of the Incas
A history of the Puyŏ State, its people, and its legacy
The cities of the ancient Andes
The atlas of early man
From the tablets of Sumer : twenty-five firsts in man's recorded history
The ancient state of Puyŏ in northeast Asia : archaeology and historical memory
Painting ancient and medieval warriors with Mike Davidson
"This comprehensive and fully up-to-date survey of Etruscan civilization traces its development from origins in the Villanovan Iron Age in the ninth century B.C. to its absorption by Rome in the first century B.C. Combining well-known aspects of Etruscan civilization with new discoveries and fresh insights, in particular into the role of women in Etruscan society, Sybille Haynes draws a complete and vivid picture of a people and a culture." "The text is organized both chronologically and thematically, interweaving archaeological evidence, analysis of social structure and trade, and description of pottery, architecture, tomb forms, burial customs and works of art with available historical sources. The author shows how geographical and geological differences within Central Italy determined access to mineral wealth, agricultural land and trade routes, and led to notable regional variations within Etruria. She also contrasts the Etruscans both with the Greeks, whose art stimulated their own, and with the Romans, who took over many elements of Etruscan culture and yet extinguished the Etruscans as a nation."--BOOK JACKET.
The role of women in work and society in the ancient Near East
See inside the ancient world
Civilizations of the Indus Valley and beyond
"I will set his hand on the sea, and his right hand on the river" : North West Semitic Kingship and the sea of combat myth : a survey of Hebrew poetry in light of ancient Near Eastern evidence
The incas and Machu Picchu
Under the wolf's nest : a Turkic rhapsody
Babylonian costumes = Les costumes babyloniens
Ancient civilizations and ruins of Turkey
Although it is commonplace in scholarship today to talk about a 'system' of kennings or 'kenning system', critical discussion has tended to take the qualification 'system' for granted and left this topic  unexplored. The present paper presents a study of extended kennings which reveals that the systemic network of kennings have different referents. It shows that kennings for MAN / WARRIOR are at the  center of this network.
The Sumerian world
The great empires of the ancient world
Egypt : land of the pharaohs
'From Caledonia to Pictland' examines the transformation of Iron Age northern Britain into a land of Christian kingdoms, long before 'Scotland' came into existence.
The messenger in the ancient Semitic world
The Lost Temples of the Maya
The world at 18000 BP. Vol. 2, Low latitudes
Amorites and Canaanites
The encyclopedia of ancient civilizations
Paleolithic Man and the Nile Valley in Upper and Middle Egypt : a study of the Region during Pliocene and Pleistocene Times
The Mayan prophecy 2012 : The Mayan calendar and the end of time
Early highland peoples of Anatolia
Sēl̦i un Sēlija = The Selonians and Selonia
Mexico : a guide to the archaeological sites
The Mayan ouroboros : the cosmic cycles come full circle ; the true positive Mayan prophecy in revealed
A dictionary of Celtic mythology
Aztec & Maya : rediscover the lost world of ancient Central America, with 450 exciting pictures and 15 step-by-step projects
A totalitarian state of the past : the civilization of the Inca Empire in Ancient Peru
No graven image? : Israelite aniconism in its ancient Near Eastern context
Fibula, fabula, fact : the Viking Age in Finland
Deities and Dolphins : the story of the Nabataeans
The celtic shaman : a handbook
Sumer and the Sumerians
Faith, tradition and history : Old Testament historiography in its Near Eastern context
Political Economy of Bronze- and Iron Age Societies in the Eastern Coast of the Bothnian Bay ca. 1500 BC-AD 1300
Divination, politics, and ancient Near Eastern empires
Atra-Ḫasīs : the Babylonian story of the flood
The Incas
In "Civilizations of Ancient Iraq", Benjamin and Karen Foster tell the fascinating story of ancient Mesopotamia from the earliest settlements ten thousand years ago to the Arab conquest in the seventh century. Accessible and concise, this is the most up-to-date and authoritative book on the subject. With illustrations of important works of art and architecture in every chapter, the narrative traces the rise and fall of successive civilizations and people in Iraq over the course of millennia - from the Sumerians, Babylonians, and Assyrians to the Persians, Seleucids, Parthians, and Sassanians. Ancient Iraq was home to remarkable achievements. One of the birthplaces of civilization, it saw the world's earliest cities and empires, writing and literature, science and mathematics, monumental art, and innumerable other innovations. "Civilizations of Ancient Iraq" gives special attention to these milestones, as well as to political, social, and economic history. And because archaeology is the source of almost everything we know about ancient Iraq, the book includes an epilogue on the discovery and fate of its antiquities. Compelling and timely, "Civilizations of Ancient Iraq" is an essential guide to understanding Mesopotamia's central role in the development of human culture.
Iranians & Greeks in South Russia
The Spartans
The notions of model, discourse, and semantic center as tools for the (re)construction of Old Norse religion
The first civilizations : the archaeology of their origins
The context of scripture. Vol. 1, Canonical compositions from the biblical world
Maya art and architecture
Etruscan civilization : a cultural history
Studies in the religion of the South-American indians east of the Andes
