http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14629 aardvark
aardvark
Physical results (year ended December 1986) : financial results (6 months ended December 1986)
Luonnonmukaisen tuotannon tutkimusseminaari : esitelmät : Jokioinen 18.- 19.3.1998 = Symposium on Organic Production and Research
Above the forest : a study of Andamanese ethnoanemology, cosmology, and the power of ritual
Good practices for biosecurity in the pig sector : issues and options in developing and transition countries
Foot-and-mouth disease and classical swine fever : the impact of EU research (1998-2004)
Respiratory symptoms and lung function in pig farmers
There's a bison bouncing on the bed!
Impact of the human bacterial environment on mycobacteriosis and allergy
Animal health and welfare in organic agriculture
Pigs for the ancestors : ritual in the ecology of a New Guinea people
Genetic variation of loin and ham quality in Finnish Landrace and Large White pigs
A generalized model of investment with an application to Finnish hog farms
Comparison of different DNA extraction methods from hair root follicles to genotype Finnish Landrace boars with the Illumina PorcineSNP60 BeadChip
Feeding weaned piglets and growing-finishing pigs with diets based on mainly home-grown organic feedstuffs
Networking the farm : the social structure of cooperation and competition in Iowa agriculture
The use of pork from rustic pig breeds was tested to improve the quality of dry-cured fermented sausages. The quality of a salchichon/salami-type sausage manufactured with pork from Chato Murciano breed (CM) and Early White pig (EW) (Large White x Landrace breed) was compared. CM pork improved several quality characteristics of dry-cured fermented sausage. Significant (p . 0.05) differences between mean CM and EW values were found for total lipids, ash, collagen, water activity, total acidity, CIELab colour, proteolysis, fat acidity, fatty acid profile, total viable counts, lactic acid bacteria, Micrococacceae, moulds and yeasts, colour, odour, flavour, fattiness and acceptance. CM mainly intensified the reddening of sausage cuts and increased monounsaturated acids in fat. Acceptance was also better for CM, although odour and flavour were only slightly improved. The production of high-quality specialities of dry-cured meat products can contribute to the sustainable production of CM and similar rustic pig breeds, maintaining the genetic diversity of pig species.
Summer of love
Farm animal welfare and production in relation to farmer attitudes
The Masai : their language and folklore
Improving the quality of dry-cured sausages using pork from rustic breeds
A dynamic programming model for optimising feeding and slaughter decisions regarding fattening pigs
Sustainable animal production : the challenges and potential developments for professional farming
Pig production problems : John Gadd's guide to their solutions
Animal manure recycling : treatment and management
What will organic farming deliver? : COR 2006
Recent developments in sequencing methods have enabled whole genome sequencing of several species and the available sequence information has allowed the development of high throughput genotyping chips. However, these genotyping methods require high quality DNA. The possibility to genotype samples based on DNA from non-invasive sources would permit retrospective genotyping of previously collected samples and also facilitate the analysis of large populations e.g. for genomic selection. In this study we have developed and evaluated different DNA preparation methods from porcine hair root follicles for high throughput genotyping with the PorcineSNP60 Genotyping BeadChip (Illumina). We describe a method for DNA extraction from porcine hair root samples, which produces results from high throughput genotyping with the same high degree of accuracy as previously reported for DNA extracted from sperm, blood or tissue samples. This method was used for the genotyping of 273 hair follicle samples. When the DNA concentration was > 30 ng/µl all samples had the same high call rate ( > 99%) as sperm samples confirming the robustness of this DNA extraction method for high throughput genotyping. Our data also establishes the suitability of the PorcineSNP60 BeadChip for genotyping the Finnish Landrace population.
Animal diseases that are known to spread primarily through human activities can be prevented and controlled through the application of biosecurity measures along the production and marketing chain, together with increased awareness and education. With this document, FAO, OIE and the World Bank aim to provide applied biosecurity recommendations to all pork production stakeholders in the numerous pig farming systems worldwide, particularly in developing and transition countries. Pig farmers are the main intended beneficiaries of the paper, but it is also of use to veterinary and technical service providers who are in a position to deliver and implement the proposed measures, to decision-makers in government and to project managers in agricultural development.--Publisher's description.
Sow reproductive performance in Thailand : effects of climate, breed, parity, lactation length, weight loss during lactation and weaning-to-service interval
Introduction to animal science : global, biological, social, and industry perspectives
Design of production contracts : lessons from theory and agriculture
A choice between standard and organic farming technologies in Finland
