http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14636 process-oriented reading
process-oriented reading
Reciprocal teaching at work : strategies for improving reading comprehension
Beginners read aloud : high versus low linguistic levels in Swedish beginners' oral reading
The multiple role of metacognition in teaching children to understand and learn from texts : the effects of thinking aloud on the acquisition and transfer of training
Introduction to psycholinguistics : understanding language science
The fundamental reading skill as related to eye-movement photography and visual anomalities
"Subject Areas/Keywords: behaviorism, cognitive processing, constructivism, educational psychology, literacy development, literacy instruction, models, reading, research methods, social learning, teaching, theories, theorists, theory. Description: This widely adopted text explores key theories and models that frame reading instruction and research. Readers learn why theory matters in designing and implementing high-quality instruction and research; how to critically evaluate the assumptions and beliefs that guide their own work; and what can be gained by looking at reading through multiple theoretical lenses. For each theoretical model, classroom applications are brought to life with engaging vignettes and teacher reflections. Research applications are discussed and illustrated with descriptions of exemplary studies"--
Human brain function
Cognitive psychology : a student's handbook
The role of reading by analogy in first grade Finnish readers
On reading
Building the reading brain, preK-3
Research-based teacher education in Finland : reflections by Finnish teacher educators
"A study of voluntary slow reading from diverse angles"--Provided by publisher.
Reading comprehension difficulties : processes and intervention
Brain responses to changes in tone and speech stimuli in infants with and without a risk for familial dyslexia
Learning from text across conceptual domains
Mind, brain and education in reading disorders
Foundations of reading acquisition and dyslexia : implications for early intervention
Brain imaging has been immensely valuable in showing us how the mind works. However, many of our ideas about how the mind works come from disciplines like experimental psychology, artificial intelligence and linguistics, which in their modern form date back to the computer revolution of the 1940s, and are not strongly linked to the subdisciplines of biomedicine. Cognitive science and neuroscience thus have very separate intellectual roots, and very different styles. Unfortunately, these two areas of knowledge have not been well integrated as far as higher mental processes are concerned. So how can these two be reconciled in order to develop a full understanding of the mind and brain? This is the focus of this landmark book from leaders in the field. Coming more than two decades after Shallice's classic 'From neuropsychology to mental structure', 'The Organisation of Mind' establishes a strong historical, empirical, and theoretical basis for cognitive neuroscience. The book starts by reviewing the history and intellectual roots of the field, looking at some of the researchers who guided and influenced it. The basic principles - theoretical and empirical and the inferential relation between them - are then considered with particular emphasis being placed on inferences to the organisation of the cognitive system from two empirical methodologies - neuropsychology and functional imaging. The core skeleton of the cognitive system is then analysed for the areas most critical for understanding rational thought. In the third section the components of simple cognitive acts are described, namely semantic processing, working memory, and cognitive operations. In the final section, more complex higher-level modulating processes are considered, including, supervisory processing, episodic memory, consciousness and problem-solving.
How children learn to read and how to help them
Models of reading and writing processes
Guiding readers through text : a review of study guides
Mind, brain, and education in reading disorders
Abstract.
Towards the essence of adult experiential learning : a reading of the theories of Knowles, Kolb, Mezirow, Revans and Schön
Perspective effects on text comprehension : evidence from recall, eyetracking and think-alouds
"In the past few years, there has been an explosion of eye movement research in cognitive science and neuroscience. This has been due to the availability of 'off the shelf' eye trackers, along with software to allow the easy acquisition and analysis of eye movement data. Accompanying this has been a realisation that eye movement data can be informative about many different aspects of perceptual and cognitive processing. Eye movements have been used to examine the visual and cognitive processes underpinning a much broader range of human activities, including, language production, dialogue, human computer interaction, driving behaviour, sporting performance, and emotional states. Finally, in the past thirty years, there have been real advances in our understanding of the neural processes that underpin eye movement behaviour. The Oxford Handbook of Eye Movements provides the first comprehensive review of the entire field of eye movement research. In over fifty chapters, it reviews the developments that have so far taken place, the areas actively being researched, and looks at how the field is likely to devlop in the coming years. The first section considers historical and background material, before moving onto section 2 on the neural basis of eye movements. The third and fourth sections looks at visual cognition and eye movements and eye movement pathology and development. The final sections consider eye movements and reading and language processing and eye movements. Bringing together cutting edge research from and international team of leading psychologists, neuroscientists, and vision researchers, this book is the definitive reference work in this field"--
The organisation of mind
How the child's mind develops
Theoretical models and processes of reading
Basic processes in reading : visual word recognition
Learning to read : reciprocal processes and individual pathways
Learning to learn to read
The PhotoReading whole mind system
Spelling skills : acquisition, abilities, and reading connection
Constructions of remembering and metacognition : essays in honour of Bruce Whittlesea
Reading for understanding : an empirical contribution to the metacognition of reading comprehension
"Containing contributions from world leaders honoring Bruce Whittlesea's lifetime contribution to memory research, this volume reflects the current understanding amongst memory researchers that memory is more than passive acquisition and retrieval, but involves constructions, attributions, and inferences"
Children's readings of power in Roald Dahl's Matilda
Comprehension processes in reading
Using hypertext to read and reason
Improving adult literacy outcomes : lessons from cognitive research for developing countries
Lenses on reading : an introduction to theories and models
Use your head
How first graders and kindergarten children constructed literacy knowledge in the context of story reading and meaningful writing
The ABCs of learning disabilities
Reading as a perceptual process
Theoretical issues in reading comprehension : perspectives from cognitive psychology, linguistics, artifical intelligence, and education
Creating strategic readers : techniques for developing competency in phonemic awareness, phonics, fluency, vocabulary, and comprehension
Beginning reading : a balanced approach to teaching literacy during the first three years at school
Handbook of metacognition in education
Oxford handbook of eye movements
Reading difficulties and dyslexia : an interpretation for teachers
Developmental cognitive science goes to school
Before the child reads
Looking at eyes : eye-tracking studies of reading and translation processing
Learning to read : the effect of orthography
The moomins in the world - learning with text
Slow reading
Literacy : reading, writing and children's literature
