http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14612 content analysis
content analysis
The dead and killed bin Laden : a rhetorical analysis of Finnish and US news articles reporting the death of Osama bin Laden
Trends in content analysis
Tales from Ulithi Atoll : a comparative study in Oceanic folklore
Donna Tartt's The secret history : a reader's guide
Content analysis of research articles in the library and information science
Telling the American story : a structural and cultural analysis of conversational storytelling
Corporate social reporting practices of three EU member countries : an analysis of the impacts of the company characteristics on reporting practices
The prestige press : a comparative study of political symbols
Content analysis for the social sciences and humanities
Farewell to media studies as a science : an analysis and critique of media studies, human sciences and their methodology
English in the junior school : 3 textbooks analysed
The life and songs of Carl Michael Bellman : genius of the Swedish rococo
TV Transformations : revealing the makeover show
Five fictions in search of truth
Survey on initiating and submitting FP7 project proposals at the European Organisation for Nuclear Research (CERN)
Digital rights management and content development
"If I were a textbook writer" : views of EFL textbooks held by Finnish comprehensive school pupils
Speaking of soap operas
A comparative study of science education at the primary school level in Finland and Thailand
From the Avengers to Miami Vice : form and ideology in television series
A brief guide to C. S. Lewis
Content analysis : a technique for systematic inference from communications
(No) more family : reading family and serial murder in Patricia Cornwell's Gault-trilogy
The increasing interest towards the Arctic has been witnessed during the past decades. However, the commonly shared definitions of the Arctic key concepts have not yet penetrated national and international arenas for political and economic decision making. The lack of jointly defined framework has made different analyses related to the Arctic quite limited considering the magnitude of economic potential embedded in Arctic.    This paper is built on the key findings of two separate, yet connected projects carried out in the Oulu region, Finland. In this paper's approach, the Arctic context has been defined as a composition of three overlapping layers. The first layer is the phenomenological approach to define the Arctic region. The second layer is the strategy-level analysis to define different Arctic paths as well as a national level description of a roadmap to Arctic specialization. The third layer is the operationalization of the first two layers to define the Arctic business context and business opportunities.    The studied case from Oulu region indicates that alternative futures for the Arctic competences and business activities are in resemblance with only two of the four identified strategic pathways. Introduction of other pathways to regional level actors as credible and attractive options would require additional, systematic efforts.
44th FID Conference and Congress, August 28 - September 1, 1988 : participants' edition. Part 1
How to watch TV news
Biomimicry as a design reference : the sustainable potentiality of textile design mimicking nature’s ways
Trends in content analysis : papers of the work conference on content analysis of the Committee on Linguistics and Psychology, Social Research Council
Corporate social responsibility reporting in large listed Vietnamese companies
"In this essential guide, Meghan Casey outlines a step-by-step approach for doing content strategy, from planning and creating your content to delivering and managing it. Armed with this book, you can confidently tackle difficult activities like telling your boss or client what's wrong with their content, getting the budget to do content work, and aligning stakeholders on a common vision. Reading The Content Strategy Toolkit is like having your own personal consulting firm on retainer with a complete array of tools and tips for every challenge you'll face. In this practical and relevant guide, you'll learn how to: Identify problems with your content and persuade your bosses it's worth the time and resources to do it right. Make sense of your business environment and understand your audience. Get stakeholders aligned on business goals and user needs. Set your content strategy and decide how to measure success. Create, maintain, and govern on-strategy content. You'll learn to control your content-and not have it control you."
Tom Stoppard : Rosencrantz and Guildenstern are dead, Jumpers, Travesties : a casebook
The effects of the communicative approach : a content analysis of activities in OK English 7 and Spotlight 7
The river of ink : media epistemology, ontology and imagology in the light of science, pseudoscience and technology material in six major Finnish newspapers in 1990 : a discourse in ananalytical study
The analysis of communication content : developments in scientific theories and computer techniques
Communicativeness in English textbooks for Finnish upper secondary school : oral exercises in the ProFiles series
A linguistic limbo : migrants' perspectives and attitudes to the roles of English and Finnish in Finnish academic working life
December's child : a book of Chumash oral narratives
Teenage girls' problems in becoming a woman : an analysis of the questions to the agony aunts in The Sugar -magazine
English spelling rules : A qualitative content analysis of books and Internet sites
Arctic Potential : Could More Structured View Improve the Understanding of Arctic Business Opportunities?
Manly meals and mom's home cooking : cookbooks and gender in modern America
The aim of the thesis is to understand the internationalization practices of  “X Cruises” shipping company on the Russian travel  market. The paper provides information on the following aspects of the cruise company  internationalization to a new market : market entry modes, degree of the service product standardization/adaptation in the new market, cross-cultural challenges.  The theoretical part provides  the  review of the literature that covers the key concepts of services marketing, internationalization , market entry modes for service firms, standardization, adaptation and customization of services, managing cross-cultural challenges in service delivery. The empirical part is based on the content analysis of the corporate documents of “X Cruises” and its General Sales Agent in Russia “Y-Tours”;  the participant observations onboard the “X Cruises” vessels and interviews with the participants in the service delivery process. The research results show that the “X Cruises” have selected two market entry modes and simultaneously use them to penetrate the Russian travel market. The service product offered to the new market is highly standardized with very few supplementary services adopted to the requirements of the Russian customers. Cross-cultural challenges are dealt with using two complementing strategies.  The findings show correlation with the prior knowledge described in the theoretical part. “X Cruises” have chosen a less risky strategy to penetrate the emerging Russian cruise market. The suggestions for further development of company's internationalization  practices are given. The future research objectives are suggested for the scholars of the international services marketing.
A companion to Thomas Mann's The magic mountain
The modern stage and other worlds
How the Finnish press covers the world : a content analysis of the foreign news in Keskisuomalainen
How finnish culture presents itself : a content analysis of Finland: a cultural encyclopedia
Glasgow Media Group reader. Vol. 1, News content, language and visuals
"I am ever, My Lord, your grateful & oblig'd Sert" : address forms and subscriptionsin the correspondence of Charlotte Smith
Constructing an ideal female body : a study of a women's magazine
Differnces is Spanish and English advertising in the Miami area
Methods and applications for ontology-based recommender systems
Presentation of cultural information about the UK : textbooks of English from primary school to upper secondary school
Automatic indexing : an approach using an index term corpus and combining linguistic and statistical methods
A treasury of literary masterpieces : the novels, plays, poems and other works of the most celebrated and historic writers in all lands and times
Sage annual reviews of communication research. Vol. 9, Advances in content analysis
Thematics in J. D. Salinger's Nine stories
Norden as an argument : The 1994 EU-referenda in Helsingin Sanomat, Dagens Nyheter and Aftenposten
Masculinity in advertising appeals : a content analysis of print advertisements in India, Finland and Spain
Content analysis of communications
Jane Austen, the secret radical
Discourses of minorities in English textbooks of the upper level of comprehensive school
Key English : Presentation of culture in an English learning book series
The keys of Middle-earth : discovering medieval literature through the fiction of J. R. R. Tolkien
Finnish summary.
Life is like a chicken coop ladder : a portrait of German culture through folklore
"To use or not to use?" : Literature in the EFL classroom
Women-related vocabulary in American women's magazines : a linguistic study of women's roles
HIV/AIDS in Kenya : a dolescent knowledge on it, its prevention and their feelings towards prevention programmes
"The best of both worlds" : bilingual family life according to Finnish and English-speaking parents in Finland and the United Kingdom
Internationalization practices of "X Cruises" on the Russian market
The language of rock music journalism
Arctic potential : could more structured view improve the understanding of arctic business opportunities?
Linquistic features of textbook discourse : a study of three music books for independet learners
Contextual and structural metadata in enterprise document management
The new Russian Dostoevsky : readings for the twenty-first century
Media image of Chinese companies in small developed economies : case : Denmark, Finland, Norway and Sweden
British and American poetry
Themes and thematic progression in some Finnish text books of English
Hostile, aggressive and undemocratic. The image of West Germany in the schoolbooks of the German Democratic Republic 1980-1989
"He is a living testimony of HOSPITALITY" : positive references and evaluative conventions on Couchsurfing.org
Woody Allen film by film
Interpersonal conflict in television drama : content analysis of the intimate relationships on "Kotikatu"
Using discussion to promote reading comprehension
Cultural perspective in EFL textbooks : English as a foreign or international language
Introduction to communication studies
Men and masks : a study of Molière
The making of international professionals : intercultural competence as a part of curriculum in the vocational qualification in business and administration international programme of Oulu Vocational College
African sisterhood : conseptualizing african feminist identity
Topic identification for text summarization in support of business environmental scanning
Henrik Ibsen : the devided consciousness
Laughable propaganda : modern xiangsheng as didactic entertainment
Social media is becoming rapidly more popular and is an easy option  for anyone to voice their opinions on any subject. The Internet provides a  simple and quick way to obtain information and compare products or  services, hence many people look to social media sites for information.  Organisations therefore need to know what is being said about them on  social media in order to improve their products and services. This  Bachelor's Thesis investigates customers' opinions of Finnair and British  Airways on social media sites, in order to understand which aspects of  their services are most criticised, and which most applauded, and to  contemplate whether the airlines could use these comments to improve  their operations. More specifically, the technical and functional qualities of  the airlines were taken into examination to discover customer opinions  about them. Finally, as price is an important factor for customers, who  naturally want to use their finances as efficiently as possible, this was also  taken into consideration. The research was carried out using content  analysis of material collected from social media sites concerning the two  airlines. The material studied consisted of conversations and reviews from  three different social media sites - TripAdvisor, Airline Quality and  Pallontallaajat, and was collected between the 13th and 22nd September  2010. The research found which issues concerning technical quality,  functional quality and price had received feedback, and investigated what  had been said about these issues. The general opinion and the tone of the  discussions was also analysed in order to gain an understanding of  customer opinions. The research showed that customers were largely  happy with both airlines, and most of the comments and reviews were  positive. The areas that are most criticised at Finnair were luggage  handling, seating, legroom and in-flight entertainment, and at British  Airways the aircraft and seating as well as striking. As negative reviews  leave a stronger impression on potential customers than positive reviews,  suggestions were made for both airlines based on the consumer  comments so that they could reduce the amount of negative reviews and  gain more satisfied customers.
Frequency profiles, coverage and recycling of vocabularies in two upper secondary school textbooks : Corpus linguistic comparasions between The open road and ProFiles
The press in Namibia : historical overview, structure and content of the contemporary national newspapers in Namibia
Corporate social responsibility in online retail : perceptions from online discussions on Amazon
Computerized content analysis of speech and verbal texts and its many applications
Access to health services in Jyväskylä : Kurdish refugee experiences
Content analysis in communication research
Towards utopia: an analysis of Ursula K. Le Guin's The Left Hand of Darkness
Understanding Family Dynasty: Nurturing the Corporate Identity across Generations
The general inquirer : a computer approach to content analysis
Teaching grammar in grades 7 through 9 : an analysis of English and Swedish L2 textbooks
"Island nation seeks calmer currents and shining stars" : immigration discourse in the British press during the general election of 2010
The power of comics : history, form, and culture
Public service television policy and national development in Morocco : contents, production, and audiences
Social, societal, social work and psychological as understood by academic social workers : towards the phenomena-based disciplinary identities
Pragmatics exercises and pragmatic metalanguage in English United textbook series for Finnish upper secondary school
Women's view on induced abortion in Morocco and Nigeria
Review of research in education
Architecture's discursive space : photography
15-19 -years-old juvenile rheumatoid arthritis patients' experiences about living with their illness and support in coping from nurses
Analysis of the subject matter in secondary school economics
Pronunciation in Finnish ELF textbooks for adults : a comparative study
Emily Dickinson
Exercise course on content analysis
Relations of television : genre and gender in the production, reception and text of a Japanese family drama
Information needs of patients undergoing emergency abdominal surgery
Meister Eckhart, "On the Lord's prayer " : De oratione dominica : introduction, text, translation and commentary
Tourism destination as any other product needs to be marketed and promoted in order to attract more customers. Tourist brochures and travel guides are one if the popular promoting and informative tools. They are saturated with pictures which aim to influence the readers' minds; however, the role of the text seems to be overviewed. Words also have persuading power and they also may have impact on the purchase decision buy transmitting not only factual information, but also by evoking emotions which will obscure the mind.    “How to design a text so that it could irradiate desirable emotions?” - it is the principal question of the present research. This problem is resolved by developing a structure of key vocabulary which carries an emotional charge and should implicitly touch the necessary strings of the reader's subconscious.     The framework is applied to the case of Finland which is promoted as a tourism destination via a tourist brochure in order to verify if the developed approach can be used for revealing hidden emotions and also discover what emotions are thought to awake interest towards Finland and its attractions. Content analysis as a qualitative research instrument was used to collect and systemize the data from the travel brochure.     Findings and analysis show that the defined means of emotional expression are used in promotional text and can be applies to reveal the emotional image of described tourism attractions.  In practice it gives possibility to assess the emotional content separately from the text and discuss if the result is what the marketers wanted the customers to feel or not and take steps for redesigning the textual content if required.
Corporate Social Responsibility Implementation by Vietnamese Enterprises : case: Vinamilk Corp. & Kinh Do Corp.
Most common fears and anxiety experienced by women in a miscarriage
Derivation in Finnish upper secondary school English L2 textbooks
A genre analysis of academic research blogs
From information to knowledge : conceptual and content analysis by computer
Indexing and abstracting in theory and practice
Finnair and British Airways on social media
One history, one truth : historical explanation and the idea of history in the history curriculum and history textbooks
Lord of the flies : William Golding
The content analysis reader
World affairs in foreign films : getting the global picture
Emotional image of tourism destinations : case FTB tourist brochures to Russians
Script analysis for actors, directors, and designers
The dark side of the moon : high school students' perceptions of grammar instruction
Communication as experience : a Reinachian inquiry
Content-based analysis of digital video
Content everywhere : strategy and structure for future-ready content
Automatic indexing : an approach using an index term corpus and combining linquistic and statistical methods
Subject analysis and indexing : theoretical foundations and practical advice
Content analysis
The Sherlock Holmes companion : an elementary guide
A book of English and American verse : Shakespeare to Bob Dylan
"Until it feels like home" : a heuristic inquiry into contested concepts of culture and student teachers' understandings of intercultural experience
The fixed time nurses ́experiences about good nursing care in the sense of responsibility
Script Analysis for Actors, Directors, and Designers teaches the skills of script analysis using a formalist approach that examines the written part of a play to gauge how the play should be performed and designed. Treatments of both classic and unconventional plays are combined with clear examples, end-of-chapter questions, and stimulating summaries that will allow actors, directors and designers to immediately incorporate the concepts and processes into their theatre production work. Now thoroughly revised, the fifth edition contains a new section on postmodernism and postdramatic methods of script analysis, along with additional material for designers.
African news flow in Africa - new patterns or old habits? : African foreign news coverage in two Namibian and two Tanzanian newspapers
Product placement on personal blogs : product placements means and writer roles as expert and one-of-us
The sound of music
Covert codes of women in prostitution : pathways for recovering roots after trauma interface
Interpreting the play script : contemplation and analysis
Discerning cultural depictions and mistakes in Kafe Piter, a Russian language textbook for Finnish students
The secret life of poems : a poetry primer
From genres to content analysis : experiences from four case organizations
Literature review of research on personal selling : A content analysis of scientific articles in 1997-2006
Delacroix and his forgotten world : the origins of romantic painting
The content strategy toolkit : methods, guidelines, and templates for getting content right
Welcome to the candy shop : conceptual metaphors on gender and sexual activity in hip-hop lyrics
Tabloidization of International News : a content analysis of news coverage in the Globe and Mail and Toronto Star
The starting point for virtually all theatre is studying the play script, but what does this involve? Interpreting the Play Script: Contemplation and Analysis argues that one type of analysis cannot fit every play, nor does one method suit every theatre artist or collaborative team. The first text to combine traditional and non-traditional models, it gives students a range of tools with which to approach different kinds of performance. Supported by pragmatic questions, practical exercises and sources for further reading, this book will challenge students and theatre practitioners to engage with the play using both analysis and contemplation. It is essential reading for anyone wanting to unlock and more fully understand the performance potential of any play.
52 ways of looking at a poem : a poem for every week of the year
Contexts of war : manipulation of genre in Virgilian battle narrative
A good idea in theory : inclusion as English subject teacher students see it
Is the EU built on "solid foundations" or "on the verge to collapse"? : A comparative study of metaphors for euro area financial crisis and related topics in British anti- and pro-EU political blogs
Content analysis : an introduction to its methodology
Narrativization of the news
Government denies knowledge : representations of the United States government in the television series The X-Files
Comparative content analysis for the use of "strategic alliance" in announcements and journals
Abstracting and indexing
Text summarization guided by topic analysis
To be continued . : soap operas around the world
Service Design in the Public Sector: Role, Challenge and Good Practice
New business models : sustainability as a main focus
Content analysis : a handbook with applications for the study of international crisis
Academic advertising? : Linguistic course books: a genre analysis of back covers
Interpretation of journalistic photographs as an instrument of visual literacy education
