http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14676 higher education degrees
higher education degrees
How to write a BA thesis : a practical guide from your first ideas to your finished paper
The Bologna Declaration gives opportunities for internationalisation
This book explores the highly significant and contested area of graduate employability and employment which is paid so much attention by those in the media and policy-makers. This is driven largely by concerns over the wider economic impact and value of graduates as increasing numbers complete their studies in higher education. At a time when graduates are seen as key to economic success, the critical question remains as to how their employability plays out in a changing labour market. This book brings together innovative approaches and research to present an extensive survey of the field. It provides insight on what is a complex and often elusive social and economic problem, ranging from how graduate employability is constructed as an economic and policy agenda to explorations of how graduates manage the transition from higher education to paid employment and finally to suggest future directions for curricula, policy and research.
Efficiency of International Degree Programmes' Marketing
European integration processes and their impact on European higher education : the Bologna process and Armenia
University choice, equality and academic performance
Tertiary professional and vocational education in central and eastern Europe : a cross-country report produced by the European Training Foundation and the Council of Europe
Equal, but different : an evaluate of the postgraduate polytechnic experiment in Finland : final report
Kemi-Tornio Polytechnic, University of Applied Sciences, International Studies [esite]
Assessment in higher education
Journal of the European Higher Education Area : policy, practice and institutional engagement
Kemi-Tornio Polytechnic, Finland, International Studies [esite]
Employability and mobility of bachelor graduates in Europe : EMBAC 2010 - country reports presented at the conference
Your way in to a MBA programme
Higher education and the world of work : conceptual frameworks, comparative perspectives, empirical findings
Tuning educational structures in Europe : a guide to formulating degree programme profiles including programme competences and programme learning outcomes
Tuning educational structures in Europe. 2, Universities' contribution to the Bologna Process
The Edition XII guide to postgraduate science & engineering programmes in Europe 1994.
Perspectives and limitations of Finnish higher forestry education in a unifying Europe
An introduction to higher education in Finland : a brief guide for foreign students
Recognition of qualifications taken outside Finland
What matters in college? : four critical years revisited
International Master's Programmes at the University of Oulu : internal evaluation report 2011/2012
Integrating GAFE cloud service, working life and Master education
Reviews of national policies for education : higher education in Kazakhstan
NARIC : network of national academic recognition information centres in the member states of the European Community and the countries of the European Free Trade Association
Korkeakoulut = Högskolorna = Higher education. 1980-1982
Teachers as bridge builders between education and working life in master's degree education in future
Dimensions of internationalizing doctoral education in business administration : a discussion of the concept dynamics and policy
College degrees by mail : 100 good schools that offer bachelor's, master's, doctorates and law degrees by home study
Polytechnic education
Integration of foreign degree students into the Finnish school system & society
Towards excellence in teaching : evaluation of the quality of education and the degree programmes in the University of Helsinki
University education
Hard skills or soft skills? Findings about importance of various skills in work
Nordic students abroad : student mobility patterns, student support systems and labour market outcomes
Doctoral education in design : proceedings of the France conference July 8-12, 2000
The professional doctorate : a practical guide
Täyttä elämää kaikille : ylempi AMK -symposium III = Full life for all : UAS Master symposium III : proceedings
Graduate employability in context : theory, research and debate
Reviews of national policies for education : higher education in Ireland
Hard Skills or Soft Skills? : Findings about Importance of Various Skills in Work
The university in the making of the welfare state : the 1970s degree reform in Finland
The designs of academic literacy : a multiliteracies examination of academic achievement
An evaluation of the employment situation of foreign graduates and students from Åbo Akademi University
Quality assurance of joint programmes
Handbook of higher education diplomas in Europe : a survey of study programmes and of diplomas, degrees and other certificates granted by higher education institutions in the Europe region
Deaf world : a historical reader and primary sourcebook
Cultural background as an antecedent of student academic achievement in higher education : a study of international undergraduate students of the university of Helsinki
Quality assurance and qualifications frameworks
Developing attitudes to recognition : substantial differences in an age of globalisation
Degree regulations of the Helsinki University of Technology
Tuning educational structures in Europe : final report, phase one
Degree regulations of Helsinki University of Technology
New technologies for information on higher education in europe : Ortelius, an example. [Conference], Florence, 17 and 18 May 1996.
Academic recognition of higher education entrance, intermediate and final qualifications in the European Community : multilateral and bilateral conventions, unilateral decisions
A guide to higher education systems and qualifications in the EU and EEA countries
Kemi-Tornio University of Applied Sciences : study guide 2010-2011 : for international students
Internationalization of the curricula of master programmes at Finnish universities of applied sciences
Summary (s. 11-16).
Focus on the structure of higher education in Europe 2003/2004 : national trends in the Bologna process
British qualifications : a complete guide to educational, technical, professional and academic qualifications in Britain
Executive summary (s. 9-14).
International degree student guidance and counselling : supporting the international student community at Turku University of Applied Sciences
Master's degree in global health care : the curriculum
On time to the doctorate : a study of the increased time to complete doctorates in science and engineering
Efficiency of International Degree Programmes' marketing
Doctoral education in design : proceedings of the Ohio conference October 8-11, 1998
The professor is in : the essential guide to turning your Ph.D. into a job
From consolidation to competition : the development of modern management education in Finland, 1958-2000
The career potential of migrant scholaris in Finnish higher education : emerging perspectives and dynamics
Trends in learning structures in higher education (II) : follow-up report prepared for the Salamanca and Prague Conferences of March/May 2001
Predicting academic performance in college : selectivity data for 2300 American colleges
Recognition of higher education qualifications : challenges for the next decade, Forum Role Conference of the Higher Education and Research Committee, Malta, 26-28 October 1994.
Recognition of foreign qualifications in Finland
Foreign degree students of UAS Seinäjoki Business School: : Motives for choosing Finland and UAS Seinäjoki
Recognition of foreign academic studies in Finland
Higher education in Europe : comparative studies on the recognition of degrees and diplomas
Adolescent personality : development, interrater agreement, and relation to academic achievement
Summary.
Higher education in Europe
Employability and mobility of bachelor graduates in Europe : key results of the Bologna Process
Working life correspondence of the curriculum in the Degree Programme in Facility Management
The Longman guide to English language examinations
Finnish women - doctoral degrees and university appointments : a report based on printed sources
Love and forgiveness in the global community : designing Master's Degree in Global Health Care - Master of Health Care
Mobility windows : from concept to practice
BBA students' opinions about their motivation to pursue to management level
Quality handbook of higher education in Finland and Russia
ESU Framework : performance scales for English language examinations
Organization of higher education structures in Europe (1998/99)
Survey of master degrees in europe
Assessment in higher education : student learning, teaching, programmes and institutions
Report on development of foreign language degree programmes of Eastern Finnish polytechnics
Reviews of national policies for education : university education in Denmark
Academisation of early childhood education
Quality and recognition in higher education : the cross-border challenge
Smart technology in smart use : UAS Master symposium IV : proceedings
The career potential of migrant scholars in Finnish higher education : emerging perspectives and dynamics
A picture of radiography education across Europe
Approaches to learning : validity and prediction of academic performance
The Edition XII guide to postgraduate humanities programmes in Europe 1994.
English summary: Henley MBA in Finland.
Equal, but different : an evaluation of the postgraduate polytechnic experiment in Finland : final report
Tomorrow's professor : preparing for academic careers in science and engineering
Promootio MMXII : Lapin yliopisto = University of Lapland
Support Services for International Degree Students
Towards the European model of postgraduate training
Sustainability focused Master Degree Programme and Master's Thesis
Recognition in the Bologna process : policy development and the road to good practice
Directory of opportunities for graduates in Ireland 1996 : a quide for final year students
Offers career guidance to Ph.D. degree holders, addressing such issues as publishing, interviews, CVs, cultivating references, avoiding career path mistakes, and transitioning to non-academic work.
Academic career study : a framework for a 17 years longitudinal study
Academic recognition of diplomas in the European Community : present state and prospects
Higher education systems in the Arab states : development of science and technology indicators, 1998
A guide to Master of Business Administration (MBA) programs in Canada, United States and Great Britain
Introduction:  A close connection with working life is one of the main emphases in universities of applied sciences in Finland. This goal can be achieved e.g. by developing the contacts between research, development work and innovation (RDI) and teaching.  Creating a strong RDI profile for Master's degree programmes Finnish Ministry of Education and Culture launched a nationwide project in 2013-2015. The aims of the project are, for example, to bring teaching and workplaces closer together, to support networking and to transfer knowledge and competence between higher education institutions and workplaces. The tripartite model, which means partnership of students, teachers and representatives of working life, is a framework for all research and development.    This paper presents the results of one study which was done in this project.     The main focus is:  1) to describe and forecast how the role of the teachers will be shared with students and workplace experts in the future, and   2) to clarify the new roles and characteristics of future teachers as an important part of intensifying many-sided cooperation.     The theoretical background and literature review of that study consist of partnership, cooperation and network.  Methodology and results    Four Finnish universities of applied sciences participated in the research project collecting data by using Mill Model, innovation and co-creation method working in five workshops. The basic idea of the Idea Mill Model is to gather a general summary of ideas written down in the groups finding common answers to the questions about future teachership.    The informants participating in the workshops had gained several years of experience in Master's degree program, RDI activities or teaching. They had been invited to paying attention to a tripartite model forms from cooperation of student, mentor and teacher tutor. The themes based on research questions were discussed in the workshops. The data were analysed with content analysis. The number of participants in different workshops was between 12-26 persons.    The teacher of Master programme should have, for example, good knowledge and know-how in partnership, work experience as well as a multidisciplinary approach. The teacher has to be flexible, international and he/she should have the willingness and ability to use technical tools. The teacher's role and competences will vary depending on different situations in partnership.    The research produces multifaceted and deep new information about a cooperative teacher who is working closer with working life and building bridges between education in universities and in industry. In our article we will present the results of the study which will show what are the competences, knowledge and know-how of a master's programme teacher to act as a teacher as bridge builder connecting teaching and RDI. The results could be used to develop cooperation between universities and working life.
The International Master of Business Administration program 1994.
Historical and political analysis of the Bologna Process and its relation to the development of the European higher education area and policy, and UNESCO's documents
Purpose    To establish an understanding of radiography education across Europe by surveying higher education institutions registered as affiliate members of the European Federation of Radiography Societies (EFRS).    Method    An online survey was developed to ascertain data on: curricula, duration, credit load, accreditation requirements, staff qualifications, staff and student exchange opportunities, and availability of postgraduate programmes. Responses were identifiable in terms of educational institution and country. All 46 affiliated educational institutions were invited to participate in the survey. Descriptive and thematic analyses are reported.    Results    A response rate of 89.1% (n = 41) was achieved from educational institutions representing 21 countries. The majority of institutions (63.4%) offer a combined Medical Imaging, Radiotherapy and Nuclear Medicine programme; dedicated Medical Imaging programmes are offered by 14 institutions (34.2%); dedicated Radiotherapy programme by one institution (2.4%), and a dedicated Nuclear Medicine programme by only three institutions (6.5%). The Bologna (Bachelor) cycle has been adopted by 90.2% of responding institutions. The majority of institutions (53.7%) indicated programmes of 3 years in duration, others stated 3.5–4 years. Only 14.6% of institutions require 'International Level' accreditation for the Bachelors radiography programme. Postgraduate programmes were not offered by 26.8% of institutions and a deficit in Doctoral status for radiography educators was identified.    Conclusions    The Bologna (Bachelor) cycle for radiography education has been adopted across the majority of institutions, however, full alignment remains a priority. Postgraduate radiography education opportunities across Europe appear to be insufficient and further investigation of radiography accreditation processes is justified to ensure harmonisation of practice.
Making sense of college grades
Getting a job requires many things: hard skills, soft skills, the right attitude and motivation. To develop the degree programme in Business Information Systems in Oulu university of Applied Sciences (Oulu UAS), three surveys were conducted, to study importance of skills and knowledge in professional life: a graduate career survey in 2013, an employer survey in 2014, and a student survey in 2015. According to the results, readiness for change, learning skills and basic ICT skills seem to be the most important skills. To succeed at work, an adequate basis of hard skills, soft interpersonal and communication skills are needed. Also problem solving and pressure endurance seem to be very important.
Changing doctoral degrees : an international perspective
"Are you interested in studying for a professional doctorate but aren't sure what's involved? This book offers concrete, practical guidance for anyone wishing to study for a professional doctorate degree. Fully up-to-date and based on the latest developments in the field, The Professional Doctorate: - Supports you through every stage of the journey, from identifying your research project and choosing your methodology through to the final assessment - Gives advice on working with your supervisor, disseminating your findings and influencing your community of practice - Encourages you to reflect on your personal development and transformation - Features detailed case studies from real-life students Based on the authors' extensive experience of working with professional doctoral students, this much-needed resource will help you to master all aspects of this demanding degree"--
Universities' contribution to the Bologna process : an introduction
Study abroad : does it count? : an inquiry into the transfer of credit for study abroad
Double Degree Programmes in the Internationalisation in Higher Education Institutions : Case Seinäjoki University of Applied Sciences,  Business School
Which business qualification? : the comprehensive guide to MBA and postgraduate business courses throughout the world
A general system for the recognition of higher education diplomas : proposal for a Council Directive transmitted by the Commission on 9 July 1985 (based on COM(85) 355 final)
"So much more  than just a web course"
