http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1464 laws (statutes)
laws (statutes)
Law & legal literature of Peru : a revised guide
On law and reason
Foucault's law
A history of ancient Near Eastern law
Environmental regulation in the Russian Arctic
Wine science : Principles and applications
Law and the making of the Soviet world : the red demiurge
An introduction to Islamic law
Fundamentals of Physics : Mechanics, Relativity, and Thermodynamics
Criminalizing business cartels in Europe : a comparative perspective
The divine lawmaker : lectures on induction, laws of nature, and the existence of God
The evolutionary theory of rules and the spontaneuos order
Law and economics : a comparative approach to theory and practice
The law of collisions at sea and shipoeners' liability
Redefining the legal and canonical role of the old believers marriage in 19th century Russia : a history of one case
Access to Finnish law [Talentum verkkokirjahylly]
Reasoning and the law : the elements
A new working bibliography of ancient Greek law (7th-4th centuries BC)
Does speed matter? : the impact of the EU membership incentive on rule adoption in minority language rights protection
Swedish summary.
Impact : how law affects behavior
Law : a very short introduction
Physical laws and effects
Interpreting CISG Article 79 (1): Economic Impediment and the Reasonability Requirement
Joined-up youth research, policy and practice : a new agenda for change?
An outline of planning law
Collations to Neo-Assyrian legal texts from Nineveh
Principles of Hindu law : [including The Special Marriage Act, 1954]
Writing for dollars, writing to please : the case for plain language in business, government, and law
Regulations of the Republic of China concerning rule over Tibet (1912-1949)
The young deaf or hard of hearing child : a family-centered approach to early education
Some steps towards Plato's ecopolitics in the Laws
A compendium of national reports on laws affecting sport in countries having acceded to the European Cultural Convention : Strasbourg, January 1999 : reports drawn up at the request of the Committee for the Development of Sport (CDDS)
Animal welfare in Finland : a national report on animal welfare
Nursing law and ethics
European union law. 2010-2011
Planning and zoning New York City : yesterday, today, and tomorrow
Long Struggle for the Shari'a in Northern Nigeria
European union law : cases
The chemical weapons convention : a commentary
Data protection by design and default :  a study on new European operational data protection principles under the article 25 of the new European general data protection regulation and on their application in practice from the perspective of the private data controllers and processors
Status and Exchange in Early Irish Laws
Introduction to law
Economic Morality and Jewish Law compares the way in which welfare economics and Jewish law determine the propriety of an economic action, whether by a private citizen or the government. Espousing what philosophers would call a consequentialist ethical system, welfare economics evaluates the worthiness of an economic action based on whether the action would increase the wealth of society in the long run. In sharp contrast, Jewish law espouses a deontological system of ethics. Within this ethical system, the determination of the propriety of an action is entirely a matter of discovering the applicable rule in Judaism's code of ethics. This volume explores a variety of issues implicating morality for both individual commercial activity and economic public policy. Issues examined include price controls, the living wage, the lemons problem, short selling, and Ronald Coase's seminal theories on negative externalities. To provide an analytic framework for the study of these issues, the work first delineates the normative theories behind the concept of economic morality for welfare economics and Jewish law, and presents a case study illustrating the deontological nature of Jewish law. The book introduces what for many readers will be a new perspective on familiar economic issues. Despite the very different approaches of welfare economics and Jewish law in evaluating the worthiness of an economic action, the author reveals a remarkable symmetry between the two systems in their ultimate prescriptions for certain economic issues. -- Review: "Of overriding importance in Orthodox Jewish practice are the rules pertaining to the behavior of man to his fellow man. This has its origins in the Bible, and was later extensively developed in the Talmud, starting some 2,000 years ago. The late Rabbi Professor Aaron Levine was undoubtedly the world's foremost authority on the relationship between this literature and modern economic thought. This book therefore promises to become the classical reference on this subject."--Robert John Aumann, Professor Emeritus, The Hebrew University of Jerusalem, and co-winner of the Nobel Prize in Economics, 2005"By bringing to economics a distinct moral tradition-that of Jewish law as it has evolved over the centuries-Levine offers deep insights into economic theory."--Robert J. Shiller, Arthur M. Okun Professor of Economics, Yale University"Aaron Levine was a fine economist. But his delight was in the Law of the Lord, on which, judging from the depth of his scholarship, he surely meditated day and night. The eight essays collected here explore the deep connections between traditional Jewish law and modern welfare economics. They stand as testimony to this outstanding scholar's commitment and insight."--Benjamin M. Friedman, William Joseph Maier Professor of Political Economy, Harvard University, and author of The Moral Consequences of Economic Growth
Normativity of scientific laws
The laws of Eshnunna
Laws of nature
The practical laws of Islam : an abridged version of Taudhih-al-masa'il
The failure of the EU's constitutional project
Inconvenient people : lunacy, liberty, and the mad-doctors in Victorian England
Parental responsibilities : national reports : working field 2
Dress, law and naked truth : a cultural study of fashion and form
Abstract: Professional dominance? Lawyers and government in Finland.
Islam and colonialism : the doctrine of Jihad in modern history
Complete EU law : text, cases, and materials
A collection of the diplomatic and consular laws and regulations of various countries
Ancient Greek laws : a sourcebook
Scientific development of China's low-carbon economy
Laws governing the lives of women have changed radically in recent years: new legislation has been passed and old laws have been reinterpreted to create new precendents. This unique and indispensable handbook discusses and explains through a series of case studies the various changes that can and will affect so many women's lives. It also contains a through reference section listing state-by-state fair employment practices, grounds for divorce, and information on law schools.
The legal and contractual situation of teleworkers in the European Union : the law aspects including self-employed : Consolidated report
Political change in Myanmar : filtering the murky waters of "disciplined democracy"
Charles Areskine's library : lawyers and their books at the dawn of the Scottish enlightenment
The aim of the second part of the project on the impact of the racial laws under the Mussolini regime is to offer the reader a critical edition and an English translation of 139 letters that were exchanged between the victims of those laws (and their relatives and friends) and the Jesuit Pietro Tacchi Venturi (1861-1956) who interceded with the Fascist government in order to circumvent or alleviate various provisions of the 1938 anti-Jewish legislation.
Zhonggua renmin gongheguo duiwai jingji fagui huibian = Collection of laws and regulations of the People's Republic of China consernig foreign economic affairs. 6
Impacts of state aid rules on the voluntary tasks of municipalities in support of local livelihood
English legal system
In Conquest and the Law in Swedish Livonia (ca. 1630-1710), Heikki Pihlajamaki offers an exciting account of the law and judiciary in seventeenth-century Livonia. Immediately after Sweden conquered the province in the 1620s, a reorganization of the Livonian judiciary began. Its legal order became largely modelled after Swedish law, which differed in important ways from its Livonian counterpart. While Livonian legal tradition was firmly anchored in the European ius commune, the conquerors' law was, by nature, not founded in legal learning. The volume convincingly demonstrates how the differences in legal cultures decisively affected the way Livonian judicial and procedural systems were shaped. Based on archival sources, the study presents an important contribution to the comparative legal history of the early modern period.
Voting rules and budget allocation in an enlarged EU
Textile chemicals : environmental data and facts
Law : A-level study guide
Open government data: legal, economical, and semantic web aspects
Sports laws : the authoritative, up-to-date illustrated guide to the regulations, history and object of all major sports
The fruit, vegetables and honey act and regulations
Laws, attitudes and public policy
Legal rights : the guide for deaf and hard of hearing people
The origins of Muhammadan jurisprudence
From problems to critical success factors of enterprise architecture adoption
Hotel, restaurant, and travel law : a preventive approach
The Development of Animal Welfare in Finland and How People Perceive Animal Welfare : Case Study: Animals in Tourism: Zoos
The ecclesiastical edicts of the Theodosian code
Principles of Islamic jurisprudence : according to Shiʻi law
Babylonian and Assyrian laws, contracts and letters
Health and safety enforcement : law and practice
Voting rules and budget allocation in the enlarged EU
Electrical Engineering 101 : Everything You Should Have Learned in School... but Probably Didn't
The psychology of law : human behavior, legal institutions, and law
Tax heterogeneity and trading volume around the ex-dividend day : Estonian evidence
Code of Professional Ethics
Reading Maimonides' Mishneh Torah
Sustainable Buildings for the High North. Existing buildings – technologies and challenges for residential and commercial use
The security handbook
Ibn al-Arabi on the mysteries of bearing witness to the oneness of God and prophethood of Muhammad
The laws of Ancient Crete c.650-400 BCE
A study of the factors that attract job seekers to professional service firms : implications for employer branding
The ascent of Christian law : Patristic and Byzantine formulations of a new civilization
Immigration and nationality
Laws and standard acts regulating of activities of the banks of Lithuania
Legal documents from Erech dated in the Selucid era (312-65 B. C.)
An introduction to law
Law for Business students
Wrong assumptions, wrong conclusions: economics of intangible goods and its impact on interpretations of copyright law on the internet
What the law says? Reflections on literal interpretation
Accountability in Africa's land rush : what role for legal empowerment?
Safety assessment of cosmetics in Europe
European Community tourism law and policy
The Elizabethan invention of Anglo-Saxon England : Laurence Nowell, William Lambarde, and the study of Old English
Cases and materials on international law
Handbook of the law of antitrust
"Laurence Nowell (1530-c.1750), author of the first dictionary of Old English, and William Lambarde (1536-1601), Nowell's protégé and eventually the first editor of the Old English Laws, are key figures in Elizabethan historical discourses and in its political and literary society. Through their work, the period between the Germanic migrations and the Norman Conquest came to be regarded as a foundational time for Elizabethan England, overlapping with and contributing to contemporary debates on the shape of Elizabethan English language. Their studies took different strategies in demonstrating the role of early medieval history in Elizabethan--even imperial--identity, while in Lambarde's legal writings Old English law codes become identical with the 'ancient laws' that underpinned contemporary common law. Their efforts contradict the assumption that Anglo-Saxon studies did not effectively participate in Tudor nationalism outside of Protestant polemic; instead, it was a vital part of making history 'English'. Their work furthers our understanding of both the history of medieval studies and the importance of early Anglo-Saxon studies to Tudor nationalism"--Provided by publisher.
Reforming the Russian legal system
This paper is an overview on the Open Government Data (OGD) environment in the EU. It aims to point out the relevant legal issues together with the economic aspects arising from the disclosure and exploitation of OGD. Therefore, the paper highlights the noteworthy technological aspects related with the opening of OGD datasets. This survey is based on an interdisciplinary approach. Interdisciplinarity in the digital environment means that OGD should be considered as an integrated, interoperable and collaborative ecosystem. The main legislative source taken into account for the survey is the Directive 2003/98/EC on the re-use of public sector information as recently amended by the Directive 37/2013/EU..
The impact of SOX on earnings quality : evidence from Italy and United Kingdom
Council of Europe law : towards a pan-European legal area
A guide to early Irish law
WHO expert committee on problems related to alcohol consumption : second report
Deuteronomy 4 and the second commandment
The land laws
The laws of the Muromachi Bakufu : Kemmu shikimoku (1336) & Muromachi Bakufu tsuikahō
Rule of law in full swing in China
Statics for dummies
Citizens should vote on secession
Japan : laws, ordinances and other regulations concerning foreign exchange and foreign trade (1977)
What should you know about trademarks when doing business in Russia : Case - Project application for the Baltic Institute of Finland
Banking law in the United States
Law and life in the sixth-century Near East
Aspects of cleft lip and palate from Northern Finland:clefts in Northern Finland
The elements of law : natural and politic
Ten reflections on the Constitutional Treaty for Europe
Bright young things
Satellite communications in Europe : law and regulation
Tuomioistuinsanasto = Domstolsordlista = Glossary of court terms = Glossar der Gerichtsterminologie = Vocabulaire de la justice
This book offers a brand-new perspective on human trafficking as an illegal business. It also proposes a new form of networked action: combining the perspectives of academic researchers with those of highly skilled professionals involved in policymaking in this area, this book is a unique contribution and a first step toward a networking paradigm, promoting collaboration in preventing and combating human trafficking crime, and in raising awareness of this ongoing problem. This book was born within the CINETS group ? Crimmigration Control International Net of Studies (www.crimmigrationcontrol.com), which was established in 2011 with the aim of bringing together expertise from different fields, professions, universities and countries. It aims to form a new paradigm for sharing knowledge and advancing research on topics related to human trafficking, crimmigration control, immigration and crime, immigrant detention and all types of violence that may affect victims of crimes, helping to create a fairer society.
International encyclopaedia of laws : Energy  law. Vol. 1
The Federalist : a commentary on the Constitution of the United States
International law in the first millennium
The illegal business of human trafficking
Shiʻa marriage law
Sir John Fortescue CJKB (c.1395–c.1477) was undoubtedly the foremost English political scientist of the fifteenth century. This convenient volume brings together for the first time new editions of his two major works - In Praise of the Laws of England and The Governance of England - with references and suggestions for further reading for the student. In her introduction, Shelley Lockwood presents a clear reassessment of the work of John Fortescue and places these key texts in their historical and intellectual contexts. These works, arguably the earliest in English political thought, were written from the perspective of a self-consciously analytical and highly experienced lawyer and government official during a time of war and political upheaval. They form a coherent argument for justice against tyranny and afford unique insights into the law and governance of fifteenth-century England.
Justice in the U.S.S.R. : an interpretation of Soviet law
EU law concentrate
The law for a woman : real cases and what happened
Economic morality and Jewish law
Reasonableness and law
Code of Ethics and Code of Practice
On public law
Making home rules for mother tongues : the legal implications of linguistic diversity in the design of autonomy regimes
Democracy's duty : the history of political debates on compulsory voting
A bibliography on foreign and comparative law : books and articles in English
The Judicial system in the USSR : (basic insight)
Scene of the Cybercrime
Principles of Irish law
Semi-presidential aspects in the year 2000 Constitution of Finland
A cultural history of sexuality. Vol. 5, A cultural history of sexuality in the age of Empire
Environmental law in Japan
Dental and otologic problems in cleft lip and palate patients from Northern Finland:cleft associated problems
Russian imperial Lutheran liturgy since the publication of the 1832 agenda
Butterworths competition law handbook
The American political process
Conquest and the law in Swedish Livonia (ca. 1630-1710) : a case of legal pluralism in early modern Europe
Force de loi : le "fondement mystique de l'autorité" = Force of law : the "mystical foundation of authority"
Producer responsibility and supplementary transport of municipal packaging waste : case: Päijät-Häme waste management region
Legal regime of navigation in the Russian Arctic
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
If you make a wrong assumption, you come to wrong conclusion. Michał Kalecki.
Being relational : reflections on relational theory and health law and policy
Obscurity and clarity in the law : prospects and challenges
Antitrust and market access : the scope and coverage of competition laws and implications for trade
"Creative legal thinking" and the evolution of international refugee law
Access to Finnish law
Does using a visual-representation tool foster students  ability to identify forces and construct free-body diagrams?
The ordinances of Manu
International business
Law before Gratian
Public procurement : a harmonization of the national judicial review of the application of European Community law
In search for the European solidarity : the rule of law within the European Union in the framework of constitutional pluralism
Transforming practices : finding joy and satisfaction in the legal life
Beautiful days : a bright young things novel
Environmental information from the Svalbard ice core for the past 800 years
European food law handbook
Studies in biblical law
Forest act habitats : Finnish woodland key habitats amid the intensive forestry
Collections, codes, and Torah : the re-characterization of Israel's written law
Selected anthology of institutional, economic and financial legislation
The constitution of liberty
Islamic law : from historical foundations to contemporary practice
Housing companies : maintenance and repair responsibilities
Law and religion in the Eastern Mediterranean : from antiquity to early Islam
Regulation of air transport : the slumbering sentinels
The Hammurabi Code : and the Sinaitic legislation : with a complete translation of the great Babylonian inscription discovered at Susa
The Torah : the five books of Moses : a new translation of The Holy Scriptures according to the Masoretic text
Critical theories of crisis in Europe : from Weimar to the Euro
Jurisprudence of freemasonry : the written and unwritten laws of freemasonry
In the Hebrew Bible, war is a prominent topic which is dealt with in both legal and narrative texts. So far, the interplay between the two areas has received only little attention. This volume explores the impact of biblical war legislation on war accounts in the Hebrew Bible and in Early Jewish Literature. It provides case studies which show the importance of the topic and shed new light on redaction- and reception-historical developments.
The code of Ḫammurabi, king of Babylon
Employment law and occupational health : a practical handbook
Lieber's code and the law of war
New navigation act changes shipping terms and tariffs
What is done cannot be undone: the changing face of intellectual property law in the media society
Ritual and rhetoric in Leviticus : from sacrifice to scripture
A dialogue between a philosopher and a student of the common laws of England
The essential Talmud
Law collections from Mesopotamia and Asia Minor
On the laws and governance of England
2009 stylebook and briefing on media law
Information doesn't want to be free : laws for the Internet age
Old Testament law
Is Coeducation An Untouchable Dogma? : Breaking Ground in the Introduction of Single-Sex Education
Securing Peace : article 9 and security policy under Koizumi Junichiro and Abe Shinzo
Law of tug and tow
"The book concerns a fundamental question in the study of the relationship between law and society: under what conditions does a law, rule, decision, or doctrine actually make a difference in the behavior of those who are subject to this aspect of the legal system. There is a large body of scholarship which, in one sense or another, deals with this issue. The two main sources of scholarship on impact are, first, studies in criminal justice; and second, studies of business regulation. The goal of the book is bring some conceptual clarity to an awkward, unwieldy, and unruly subject. In any discussion of impact, one has to begin with the issue of communication; a rule or law that never reaches its audience, or which is vague, or difficult to understand, will have no impact. The book discusses some of the factors that influence the process of communication. But once a rule is communicated, what happens then? Sometimes the subjects comply; sometimes they fail to comply; sometimes they adjust or evade. There are three clusters of motives that affect the reaction of subject: first, deterrence (rewards and punishments); second, peer group influence; and third, issues of conscience, legitimacy, and morality. When all of these move in the same direction, the effect is quite powerful; if they conflict, it is impossible to predict which will prevail"--
Schmitthoff's export trade : the law and practice of international trade
American private express trust and Finnish closed foundation : definition and comparative analysis
A guide to European Union law and institutions
The second formation of Islamic law : the Hanafi school in the early modern Ottoman empire
Parliamentary oversight of the exceptional situations in a presidential system : debating the reassertion of the constitutional powers of the US Congress
The requirements and compliance of the Finnish act on energy efficiency in a large enterprise : a case study from the healthcare industry
Despite notable contributions in eyewitness identification and jury selection, most legal research done by psychologists has had a minimal impact upon law and public policy in the US. In this carefully-reasoned and compelling text, the authors explain how psychologists have failed to understand the law and the context in which it operates.
Cranston's consumers and the law
How to fix copyright
Women and law in Kenya : perspectives and emerging issues
Law and order in Polynesia : a study of primitive legal institutions
The art of war
Studies in biblical and cuneiform law
A code of practice of Muslims in the west : in accordance with the edicts of Ayatullãh al-udhma As-Sayyid Ali Al-Husaini as-Seestãni
There is a strong relationship between the media and intellectual property. On the one hand, intellectual property goods are created because they are transmitted through the media, on the other hand media can only work by creating goods of intellectual property. The development of media society set before intellectual property law many challenges. Both law practitioners and academics ask whether the law follows the media and their spectacular development, and whether the law meets expectations of media society. The answers to these questions are negative, but fortunately law tries not to be further than a step behind the progress, not only by creating new legal frameworks that meet the needs, but also, and perhaps above all, thanks to the progressive interpretation of traditional legal rules..
"David Gillis's highly original study of Maimonides' Mishneh Torah demonstrates that its form reflects a belief that observance of the divine commandments of the Torah brings the individual and society into line with the cosmic order. He shows that the Mishneh Torah is intended to be an object of contemplation as well as a prescription for action, with the study of it in itself bringing the reader closer to knowledge of God"--
A bibliography on foreign and comparative law : books and articles in English. 1953-1959
Using the Web to compete in a global marketplace
Ethics in practice : lawyers ́ roles, responsibilities, and regulation
The Theodosian code and Novels, and the Sirmondian Constitutions
"Pouring Jewish water into fascist wine" : untold stories of (Catholic) Jews from the archive of Mussolini's Jesuit Pietro Tacchi Venturi. Volume 2
The law and practice of banking. Vol 1, Banker and customer
EU private international law : harmonization of laws
A bibliography on foreign and comparative law : books and articles in English. 1960-1965
The reception of biblical war legislation in narrative contexts : proceedings of the EABS research group "Law and Narrative"
