http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14644 grandmothers
grandmothers
A child's grandmother travels around the world, buying things in quantities that illustrate counting from one to ten / Library of Congress.
The reindeer girl
Grandmothers' stories : wise woman tales from many cultures
Falling
The forgotten garden
How to babysit a grandma
The covenant  : a novel
Pirate Gran and the monsters
The princess diaries : ten out of ten
On the way to grandma's house
Not all grannies knit : how to be a bad grandmother
George's marvellous medicine
Mr Birdsnest and the house next door
The Storyteller
A man bears witness to his grandfather's deathbed confessions, which reveal his family's long-buried history and his involvement in a mail-order novelty company, World War II, and the space program.
I hid my voice
All aboard!
Royal wedding : the Princess diaries
Dot to dot... : ; Dot to dot... [Dot plans a Birthday surprise] : [Grandma Dot plans a Birthday surprise]
Chicago, 1999.  Madeleine is trapped - by her family's expectations, by her controlling husband, and by her own fears - in an unhappy marriage and a life she never wanted. From the outside, it looks like she has everything, but on the inside, she fears she has nothing that matters.  In Madeleine's memories, her grandmother Margie is the kind of woman she should have been - elegant, reserved, perfect. But when Madeleine finds a diary detailing Margie's bold, romantic trip to Jazz Age Paris, she meets the grandmother she never knew: a dreamer who defied her strict, staid family and spent an exhilarating summer writing in cafes, living on her own, and falling for a charismatic artist.  Despite her unhappiness, when Madeleine's marriage is threatened, she panics, escaping to her hometown and staying with her critical, disapproving mother. In that unlikely place, shaken by the revelation of a long-hidden family secret and inspired by her grandmother's bravery, Madeleine creates her own Parisian summer - reconnecting to her love of painting, cultivating a vibrant circle of creative friends, and finding a kindred spirit in a down-to-earth chef who reminds her to feed both her body and her heart.  Margie and Madeleine's stories intertwine to explore the joys and risks of living life on our own terms, of defying the rules that hold us back from our dreams, and of becoming the people we are meant to be.
The lines on Nana's face
My granny went to market : a round-the-world counting rhyme
Swallowing grandma
Annie Glover is not a tree lover
The endless trials of Tabitha Baird
Tell me tomorrow
Dead time
Hubble bubble, granny trouble
Bumble : the little bear with big ideas!
The rise and rise of Tabitha Baird
Land where I flee
Hubble bubble granny trouble
The giant hug
My grandmother sends her regards & apologises
Abuela's weave
Lola and the rent-a-cat
The princess diaries. [5] : Give me five
Angelina's best days out
The holy night
The loner : the life of Xavier Aislado
Troubletwisters
The glorious granny bake off!
Where hummingbirds come from = Mistä kolibrit tulevat : bilingual Finnish - English
Jack and the flumflum tree
The other half of me
Fly in the ointment
Snowflakes
Last stop on Market Street
Witchmyth
The princess diaries : after eight
The broom of the system
No thanks! I'm quite happy standing!
A greyhound of a girl
No! I don't want to join a bookclub
Katie meets the impressionists
Tari : the little Balinese dancer
Elsie and the magic biscuit tin
Moonglow : a novel
The light of Paris
The good people
Look back!
The world below
The star side of Bird Hill : a novel
Magic or madness
Spot loves his grandma
The princess diaries : Mia's Christmas
The hilarious follow-up to 15 Things Not to Do with a Baby has all the warmth and humour of its predecessor, focusing on the relationship between children and their granny. DON'T hide an elephant in Granny's bed. DON'T send Granny up to the moon in a rocket, or wear her pants onyour head, or give her squashed jelly beans on toast for breakfast. But do...dance with Granny, listen to Granny's stories, hug her and love her lots. She loves you!
The miseducation of Cameron Post
Fitness consequences of grandmothering in a preindustrial Finnish population
Clay
My grandmother sends her regards and apologises
The princess diaries : to the nines
Titchy Witch and the forbidden forest
Pirate Patch and the gallant rescue
Mrs. Sinclair's suitcase
Me and my granny
15 things not to do with a granny
Behind the bookcase
Into the forest
Ben and Gran and the whole, wide, wonderful world
I love my grandma
Granny Mischief. 1 = Yorinuki ijiwaru Baasan. 1 / [translation: Jules Young, Dominic Young]
A man in love. My struggle book 2
Princess in the spotlight
Babushka in flux : grandmothers and family-making between Russian Karelia and Finland
Nemo : river of ghosts
The truth of me : about a boy, his grandmother, and a very good dog
A Scarf and a Half
Freaky families
Her mother's secret
Scarlet Benoit and Wolf, a street fighter who may have information about her missing grandmother, join forces with Cinder as they try to stay one step ahead of the vicious Lunar Queen Levana in this story inspired by Little Red Riding Hood.
A tale for the time being
Grace : the possession
In the early 1990s, when gay teenager Cameron Post rebels against her conservative Montana ranch town and her family decides she needs to change her ways, she is sent to a gay conversion therapy center. – WorldCat.
Spooks and scooters
The illuminations
Beswitched
Peach Blossom Pavilion
Are you sad, Little Bear? : a book about learning to say goodbye
Love enough for two
My granny is a pirate
How to hide a lion from grandma
Little red
Girl with a white dog
