http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14622 pagers
pagers
Automotive handbook
Content-based multimedia retrieval for mobile devices
Efficient super-peer-based coordinated service provision
Star Wars : the complete visual dictionary
Making it! : in the arts, theatre & music : Finland
Future educational technologies
With its theme, "Our Information, Always and Forever," Part I of this book covers the basics of personal information management (PIM) including six essential activities of PIM and six (different) ways in which information can be personal to us. Part I then goes on to explore key issues that arise in the "great migration" of our information onto the Web and into a myriad of mobile devices. Part 2 provides a more focused look at technologies for managing information that promise to profoundly alter our practices of PIM and, through these practices, the way we lead our lives. Part 2 is in five chapters: - Chapter 5. Technologies of Input and Output. Technologies in support of gesture, touch, voice, and even eye movements combine to support a more natural user interface (NUI). Technologies of output include glasses and "watch" watches. Output will also increasingly be animated with options to "zoom". - Chapter 6. Technologies to Save Our Information. We can opt for "life logs" to record our experiences with increasing fidelity. What will we use these logs for? And what isn’t recorded that should be? - Chapter 7. Technologies to Search Our Information. The potential for personalized search is enormous and mostly yet to be realized. Persistent searches, situated in our information landscape, will allow us to maintain a diversity of projects and areas of interest without a need to continually switch from one to another to handle incoming information. - Chapter 8. Technologies to Structure Our Information. Structure is key if we are to keep, find, and make effective use of our information. But how best to structure? And how best to share structured information between the applications we use, with other people, and also with ourselves over time? What lessons can we draw from the failures and successes in web-based efforts to share structure? - Chapter 9. PIM Transformed and Transforming: Stories from the Past, Present and Future -- Part 2 concludes witha comparison between Licklider’s world of information in 1957 and our own world of information today. And then we consider what the world of information is likely to look like in 2057. Licklider estimated that he spent 85% of his "thinking time" in activities that were clerical and mechanical and might (someday) be delegated to the computer.
The look of the century
The ARRL handbook for radio communications. 2011
Pogue's basics : essential tips and shortcuts (that no one bothers to tell you) for simplifying the technology in your life
Newnes electrical power engineer's handbook
Location-based web search and mobile applications
International encyclopedia of ergonomics and human factors
Jane's airports, equipment and services
Design and evaluation of user interfaces for mobile web search
80s style : designs of the decade
The sound on sound book of music technology : a survivor's guide
Sundials at Greenwich : a catalogue of the sundials, nocturnals and horary quadrants in the National Maritime Museum, Greenwich
Industrial design A - Z
Dictionary of dangerous pollutants, ecology, and environment
The occupational ergonomics handbook. Interventions, controls, and applications in occupational ergonomics
"Examines 300 designers and design-led companies, including Airstream, Charles Babbage, Braun, Thomas Crapper, Lamborghini, and Phillipe Starck in alphabetical order, with concise text and color photos describing objects, individuals, and companies. This A-Z section is followed by a section on themes and materials that covers, among other subjects, aluminum, Bakelite, packaging, signage, and Taylorism. The section on case studies tracks the history of the following household appliances: the bicycle, iron, microscope, refrigerator, telephone, television, typewriter, vacuum cleaner, and washing machine. A timeline of inventions is included." --Book News, Inc.
Handbook of human factors and ergonomics in health care and patient safety
Transforming technologies to manage our information : the future of personal information management, part 2
Phaidon design classics. Volume 3, 667-999
Key concepts in information and communication technology
Gadgets and necessities : an encyclopedia of household innovations
Wireless Systems : Cellular, 3G, Mobile Data, Paging, Satellite, Broadcast and WLAN
The Routledge guide to music technology
The use of novel information technology in military medicine and mass casualty situation training
The control handbook
The power electronics handbook
Automotive technology : a systems approach
Information retrieval : searching in the 21st century
Phaidon design classics : 334 - 666. Volume two
The illustrated dictionary of electronics
Automatic text processing : the transformation, analysis, and retrieval of information by computer
Star Wars : the phantom menace : the expanded visual dictionary
Marketing strategies for wide-area paging operators in Europe
Design and evaluation of user interfaces for mobile Web search
The handheld library : mobile technology and the librarian
