http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14692 survival
survival
The masked truth
The last kids on Earth and the zombie parade
Three teens band together in order to sway the government to repeal all rulings in support of a procedure in which unwanted teenagers are captured and are unwound into parts that can be reused for transplantation / Library of Congress.
The economics of survival : the role of cost-benefit analysis in environmental decision-making
Under the never sky
After the end
The Kin
Ashfall
A gathering of wings
Cured
Life as we knew it
Songbird demography : demographic structure, survival rates, and population dynamics of songbirds with particular reference to the birds of the Eastern Baltic
Countdown
Catching fire
World in crisis : the politics of survival at the end of the twentieth century
It's been 21 days since the hundred landed on Earth. They're the only humans to set foot on the planet in centuries...or so they thought. Facing an unknown enemy, the hundred struggle to survive the only way they can--together, as secrets are revealed, beliefs are challenged, and relationships are tested / Library of Congress.
After the destruction of the Graveyard, Connor and Lev are on the run, seeking a woman who may be the key to bringing down unwinding forever while Cam, the rewound boy, tries to prove his love for Risa by bringing Proactive Citizenry to its knees / Library of Congress.
Prison experiences and coping styles among Palestinian men
Nearly a year after the eruption of the Yellowstone supervolcano, survival has become harder than ever and Alex and Darla must risk everything to try to create a community that can withstand the ongoing disaster
Crossed. Volume 4
A plague of zombies : an Outlander novella
The last of us : American dreams. [Volume 1]
Ocelâvaneto : sbornik dokuienti 1940-1944 = The survival : a compilation of documents 1940-1944
The last kids on earth
Lost planet 2 : PlayStation 3
UnDivided
How to survive in the desert
A far country
This way for the gas, ladies and gentlemen
This war of mine : the little ones : Xbox One
The dead
Seventeen-year-old Micheline Helsing is a tetrachcromat, able to see ghosts in color and capture them on film, but when a routine hunt goes awry, Micheline is infected with a curse known as a soulchain and if she is unable to exorcise the entity in seven days, she will be destroyed, body and soul
#What Is A Near Death Experience?
Nation
With balls and chutzpah : a atory of survival
The sacrifice
Cyberstorm
Born survivor : survival techniques from the most dangerous places on earth
The hunger games. 1
After the snow
Cheating death
Improvements in the Assessment of Bacterial Viability and Killing
The survivors
The Martian
City of savages
The hunger games
Deception. Book 2
How to survive in the jungle
Sixteen-year-old Lynn will do anything to protect her valuable water source, but the arrival of new neighbors forces her to reconsider her attitudes.
Unsouled
Ashes of twilight
Don't look back
The hunted
Low survival of hatchery-released Atlantic salmon smolts during initial river and fjord migration
Mortality and survival of semi-domesticated reindeer (Rangifer tarandus tarandus L.) calves in northern Finland
100 most dangerous things on the planet
UnSouled
Winter blankets the wreckage of the world. In the snow-covered ruins, four children scavenge for supplies to feed their dwindling group of survivors. Four, because Ian is gone – captured or killed by the mechanical death squads that hunt them all. SAM, his robotic guardian angel, has left as well. And without Ian, without his optimism, the survivors are losing hope. Until, one day, they recover the electronic device that their friend had built to communicate with SAM…
The 100
Crossed. Volume 3 : Psychopath
Those who save us
The scorch trials
Lost in translation : a life in a new language
Biological effects of accelerated ions : analysis of cell survival and DNA double-strand breaks in cultured cells
The best of all possible worlds : a novel
This world we live in
Predation by golden eagle Aquila chrysaetos on semi-domesticated reindeer Rangifer tarandus calves in northeastern Finnish Lapland
The fear
SAS ultimate guide to combat : how to fight and survive in modern warfare
Homecoming
The end
Accelerated embryo development affects growth, sexual maturity and survival but not microsatellite variation of cultivated landlocked salmon (Salmo salar m.sebago Girard)
The wall
The fallen
Love and other near death experiences
The third day
Not a drop to drink
Crossed. Volume 2 : Family values
Extreme food : what to eat when your life depends on it ..
The boy who stole Attila's horse
Sam. 2 : Robot hunters
Daughter of the centaurs
Crash
The calling
Children in genocide : extreme traumatization and affect regulation
Fitness consequences of grandmothering in a preindustrial Finnish population
The greatest school survival tips in the world
Robogenesis : a novel
UnWholly
The wind is not a river
Trouble In Zombie-Town
Chris Ryan's ultimate survival guide
The infinite sea
This war of mine : the little ones : PlayStation 4
The global warming survival kit : the must-have guide to overcoming extreme weather, power cuts, food shortages and other climate change disasters
Last kids on Earth
Alive : the story of the Andes survivors
The wisdom of near-death experiences : how understanding NDE's can help us live more fully
Survival : Man and his environment
Deep down dark : the untold stories of 33 men buried in a Chilean mine, and the miracle that set them free
When 100 juvenile delinquents are sent on a mission to recolonize Earth, they get a second chance at freedom, friendship, and love, as they fight to survive in a dangerous new world / Library of Congress.
How I live now
In a future world where those between the ages of thirteen and eighteen can have their lives "unwound" and their body parts harvested for use by others, three teens go to extreme lengths to uphold their beliefs--and, perhaps, save their own lives.
Dancing with the enemy : my family's holocaust secret
The Scorch trials
Into that forest
U.S. army survival manual
Left for dead : my journey home from Everest
Survival tips : 150 ways to survive emergency situations
It's a matter of survival
Survivors. Series five
Survive : Alex Morel
The best of all possible worlds
Invasion of the Overworld
Sam.  3, a million winters
Age-dependent responses to alarm calls depend on foraging activity in Willow Tits Poecile montanus
Robopocalypse
The dead & the gone
Undivided
Arena two
The Maze Runner series complete collection
Unbroken will : the extraordinary courage of an ordinary man : the story of Nazi concentration camp survivor Leopold Engleitner, born 1905
Crossed. Volume 5
The commando survival manual
The enemy
The dire Earth
The Hunger games
THE OUTDOOR SURVIVAL MANUAL
But you did not come back
The island at the end of the world
Survival of food crops and livestock in the event of nuclear war : proceedings of a symposium held at Brookhaven National Laboratory Upton, Long Island, New York, September 15-18, 1970
No need to die : real techniques of survival
Ashen winter
The rising
Cabela's survival : shadows of Katmai : PS3
Cold earth
