http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14669 music industry
music industry
The Guinness book of British hits albums
What they'll never tell you about the music business : the complete guide for musicians, songwriters, producers, managers, industry executives, attorneys, investors and accountants
The dictionary of music business terms
The B&C discography : 1968 to 1975 : Action, Stable, B&C, Pegasus, Peg, Mooncrest, People, Dragon, Sussex & Seven Sun
Confessions of a record producer : how to survive the scams and shams of the music business
Singing in the dark? : world music and issues of power and agency
Rockonomics : the money behind the music
How music works
Bowie, Bolan and the Brooklyn boy : the autobiography
"Song publishing is the one constant in the carousel of recorded music now spanning the past century, and has been the way that song-credits and publishing revenue have caused ructions and recriminations, and inspired writers by making them poor and lawyers rich. Whether it be Procul Harum going to court to decide who really wrote 'Whiter Shade of Pale' or the Moody Blues wanting their fair share of 'Nights of White Satin', when the song-credits get divvied up, a parting of the ways citing 'musical differences' is almost inevitable. So here are some choice examples of poplore held up to the light, some familiar to music fans others not, designed to prove that Dylan knew of what he wrote when he suggested, 'Money doesn't talk, it swears'. Between them, they provide the unvarnished story of popular song from the days jukeboxes and radio replaced wax cylinders and piano rolls to the era of digital downloads, legal and illegal..."--Publisher's description.
The music industry
Breaking records : 100 years of hits
The A-Z of record labels
The sounds of commerce : marketing popular film music
Hit men : Power brokers and fast money inside the music business
How to succeed in the music business
A concise guide to music industry terms
Music industry's business models in the digital era focused on indie artists : a study case
Project management in the Finnish music industry
Barbadian popular music and the politics of Caribbean culture
The Billboard guide to writing and producing songs that sell : how to create hits in today's music industry
Insights on jazz : a musician's guide to making a recording
The effects of the digital revolution on talent scouting and talent launching in the music industry
The studio business book : a guide to professional recording studio business and management
Hit men : power brokers and fast money inside the music business
The Creation Records story : my magpie eyes are hungry for the prize
The music producer's handbook
The study of the business of opera has taken on new importance in the present harsh economic climate for the arts. This book presents research that sheds new light on a range of different aspects concerning marketing, audience development, promotion, arts administration and the economic issues that beset opera professionals. The aim of the editors has been to put together a collection of essays that forms a coherent whole by engaging with a single theme (business), although these essays differ in their particular choice of topic and critical perspective. The essays bring the study of opera up to the twenty-first century, and are distinguished by their concern with the business of opera here and now in a globalized market. That means newly commissioned opera, sponsorship, state funding for opera and the production and marketing of historic opera in the twenty-first century.
The DIY music manual
Music industry : management & promotion
The aim guide to survival and success in the music business
Lessons from a street-wise professor : what you won't learn at most music schools
The ultimate survival guide to the new music industry : handbook for hell
From demo to delivery : the process of production
Boosting Music Exports : How could the music export office develop the exports of the independent music scene in the Czech Republic?
Editions of Chopin's works in the nineteenth century : aspects of reception history
The great British recording studios
All you need to know about the music business
The musicians' bible 2002 : the complete guide to the music business
The music industry of Zimbabwe : from vinyl to pirate
Searching for common ground : The views of music industry professionals and consumers on the distribution of recorded music in Finland
Online music buying behaviour : a study in Finland
My life and the beautiful music
Song Machine : Inside the Hit Factory
Popular music. 3, Producers and markets
Solid gold : the popular record industry
Project management for musicians : recordings, concerts, tours, studios, and more
Beatles in... Canada : the origins of beatlemania!
My Friend p2p : Music and Internet for the Modern Entrepreneur
Waking up in Memphis
Introduction to the music industry : an entrepreneurial approach
It's one for the money : the song snatchers who carved up a century of pop & sparked a musical revolution
The artist-manager relationship in the music industry from a creative and communicative perspective
Project Management in the Finnish Music Industry
Vinyl : the analogue record in the digital age
Black vinyl white powder
Tearing down the wall of sound : the rise and fall of Phil Spector
Digital signatures : the impact of digitization on popular music sound
The music industry : music in the cloud
The new distribution channels on the music market : effects, consenquences and issues of changes
The research presented in this volume is very recent, and the general approach is that of rethinking popular musicology: its purpose, its aims, and its methods. Contributors to the volume were asked to write something original and, at the same time, to provide an instructive example of a particular way of working and thinking. The essays have been written with a view to helping graduate students with research methodology and the application of relevant theoretical models. The team of contributors is an exceptionally strong one: it contains many of the pre-eminent academic figures involved in popular musicological research, and there is a spread of European, American, Asian, and Australasian scholars. The volume covers seven main themes: Film, Video and Multimedia; Technology and Studio Production; Gender and Sexuality; Identity and Ethnicity; Performance and Gesture; and, Reception and Scenes and The Music Industry and Globalization. "The Ashgate Research Companion" is designed to offer scholars and graduate students a comprehensive and authoritative state-of-the-art review of current research in a particular area. The companion's editor brings together a team of respected and experienced experts to write chapters on the key issues in their speciality, providing a comprehensive reference to the field.
Music business is going through dramatic changes as Internet has evolved into more social and instant place. People demand a lot more from music and are more aware of what happens in the music industry. They want to get instant access to music and they are not willing to spend a lot of money on CDs. Also bands are more willing to try to succeed on their own without any help from record labels, because Internet and social media have made it easier for them. The change has also influenced strongly on record labels. Major record labels have started to loose their profit from CDs and many famous artists have left the majors and try to manage on their own. Finnish market is still dominated by major record labels which have put pressure on independent record labels to expand their operations abroad for better income. Many independent record labels have small financial resources and in order to expand to the foreign market they need to find cost effective ways to do that. Viral marketing via Internet is a very effective channel which doesn't require big budget. This thesis focus on a company HoneyBaby Records, and on the independent record labels in general. Methods of Internet marketing are investigated as they are essential for a record label which tries to generate profit and get awareness in an international market with a low budget. Opinions of regular consumers of music about music business and the meaning of record labels were inquired in order to find out a general conception about the state of music industry today. This thesis reveals that some good and effective ways for an independent record label to expand its operation into international market are using social media for creation of contacts, cooperation with foreign bars, clubs and studios and appealing to foreign bands and artist to get them to sign contracts.
Encyclopedia of recorded sound
A study of the evolution of concentration in the Irish classical records industry
Internationalization of an independent record label using internet marketing as a tool : case company: HoneyBaby Records
The sound of our time
Cowboys and indies : the epic history of the record industry
The music business
The possibility after's and the impossible before's of musical semiotics : reflections on media, iPods and (the trouble with) post-modernism
Moving up in the music business
Live samba : analysis and interpretation of Brazilian pagode
Download! : how the internet transformed the record business
Conglomerate rock : the music industry's quest to divide music and conquer wallets
Peter Grant : the man who led Zeppelin
Essays on competition in e-markets
World music : roots and routes
How to make a good song a hit song
Have gun will travel : the spectacular rise and violent fall of Death Row Records
The music industry in small countries
The guerilla guide to the music business
Succeeding in music : : business chops for performers & songwriters [second edition]
Just for the record : history of early recorded sound recordings and the industry
Music goes social! : music startups' viewpoints on marketing communications, social media and music industry
The Ashgate research companion to popular musicology
"Ajax has been called 'the forgotten race-record label.' Created by a wealthy Canadian entrepreneur for the American market, it survived for less than two years. While Ajax never rose to the level of Okeh, Paramount, or other emerging leaders in the race-record field, these now-rare records are prized by collectors today."--Back cover.
Playing the Publicity Game : Music Promotion to the Finnish Media
The savvy studio owner : a complete guide to setting up and running your own recording studio
Towards a holistic interpretation of musical genre classification
The emergence of rock'n roll : music and the rise of American youth culture
Careers in music
I Hate The Man Who Runs This Bar! : The survival guide for real musicians
Artist management for the music business
ZIMIA : the forming of a music industry association in Zimbabwe
Direct-2-fan business model in music business
How music got free : the inventor, the mogul and the thief
Whose works and what kinds of rewards : the persisting question of ownership in the South African and global music industry
Music - the business : the essential guide to the law and the deals
Showcase : international music book. 2000
Broadcast yourself... or die : promotional use of social media by independent rock and pop musicians in Lima, Peru, in the absence of Mainstream distribution channels
Music tech magazine : Vantaa
Opera has become big business as well as an art form, attracting young and old, true connoisseurs, enthusiasts and celebrities. And while opera singers and superstars sometimes attract a separate following, the stage director's job is often the one that really counts, yet it is a type of specialised knowledge available only to a select few. Here, Michael Hampe brings glimpses of the director's work to a wider audience. 'The crafty art of opera' uncovers the many techniques and rules that should inform an opera's staging: the need for singers to know their orchestra, the importance of space around singers, the gestures of languages, what we all can learn from Mozart, and the primacy of sense over effect, to name but a few. It shows how stories, through music, become tangible and real. Packed with many anecdotes from the author's luminous career, this book is dedicated to opera-lovers who want to understand 'how it is done'; to opera-makers who want to better understand their craft; and, above all, to those who loathe opera, in order to prove them wrong. Eminently readable, it brings both insight and wit from a life spent in opera as director and teacher.0.
You can't always get what you want : my life with the Rolling Stones, the Grateful Dead and other wonderful reprobates
Waking up in New York : [a musical tour of the Big Apple]
Measuring music artist success
What they'll never tell you about the music business : the myths, the secrets, the lies (& a few truths)
They fought the law : rock music goes to court
The song machine : how to make a hit
The Development of Customer Relationships and business : Epe's Music Store
Elvis Costello, Joni Mitchell, and the torch song tradition
How to make music on the web : get online fast expert tips & advice : record, network, promote
This business of songwriting
It all begins with the music : developing successful artists and careers for the new music business
The music business contract library
The idea of art music in a commercial world, 1800-1930
Inside songwriting : getting to the heart of creativity
The business of opera
This Business of Music
The impact of technology in music
Is artist management a feasible business in the Finnish music market?
Art and money, culture and commerce, have long been seen as uncomfortable bedfellows. Indeed, the connections between them have tended to resist full investigation, particularly in the musical sphere. The Idea of Art Music in a Commercial World, 1800-1930, is a collection of essays that present fresh insights into the ways in which art music, i.e., classical music, functioned beyond its newly established aesthetic purpose (art for art's sake) and intersected with commercial agendas in nineteenth- and early twentieth-century culture. Understanding how art music was portrayed and perceived in a modernizing marketplace, and how culture and commerce interacted, are the book's main goals.0In this volume, international scholars from musicology and other disciplines address a range of unexplored topics, including the relationship of sacred music with commerce in the mid nineteenth century, the role of music in urban cultural development in the early twentieth, and the marketing of musical repertories, performers and instruments across time and place, to investigate what happened once art music began to be understood as needing to exist within the wider framework of commercially oriented culture. Historical case studies present contrasting topics and themes that not only vary geographically and ideologically but also overlap in significant ways, pushing back the boundaries of the 'music as commerce' discussion. Through diverse, multidisciplinary approaches, the volume opens up significant paths for conversation about how musical concepts, practices and products were shaped by interrelationships between culture and commerce.
The art of record production
Internationalisation, localisation and integration : the changing structure of the music industry and its relevance for smaller countries and cultures
Music 4.1 : a survival guide for making music in the Internet age
Becoming Elektra : the true story of Jac Holzman's visionary record label
"The music industries hinge on entrepreneurship. The recent, rapid convergence of media and the parallel ongoing evolution of music businesses have again seen the focus shift to independent companies and individual entrepreneurs. Opportunities tend not to be advertised in professional music and practically everyone begins on their own: forming a band, starting a record label, running events, or building a website. But it's not an easy territory to navigate or get a handle on. Music Entrepreneurship features an analysis of the changing landscape of the music industries and the value of the entrepreneur within them through a series of focused chapters and case studies. Alongside contributions from key academics across the globe, expert contributors from across the industry highlight successful entrepreneurs and offers practical help to the reader trying to navigate the business. Sectors examined include: the value of the music industries, recorded music, live events, branding in music, artist management, and digital distribution."--Www.amazon.com.
Musictech : Helsinki
An international history of the recording industry
How to grow as a musician : what all musicians must know to succeed
E-Service of music industry for media
Who killed Martin Hannett? : the story of Factory Records' musical magician
Insights on jazz : a musician's guide to increasing performance opportunities
Confessions of a record producer : How to survive the scams and shams of the music business
Please please me : sixties British pop, inside out
The phonogram in cultural communication : report on a research project undertaken by mediacult
The absolute essentials of songwriting success : from song dog to top dog : making it in the music business
Building a successful 21st century music career
The Lindström project : contributions to the history of the record industry = Beiträge zur Geschichte der Schallplattenindustrie. Vol. 7
Music entrepreneurship
Music Business Handbook & Career Guide
How to Create Value in the Phonographic Industry for Consumers Between the Ages of 20-25? : A Study on whether Consumers Who Find Value in Artists Show More Behavioural Intent to Buy than Those Who Do Not, with Regard to the Phonographic Industry
The internationalization of Finnish popular music
Facing the other way : the story of 4AD
Transformation of the recorded music industry to the digital age : a review of technology-driven changes in the EU copyright framework focusing on their effect on digital music markets
The crafty art of opera : for those who make it, love it or hate it
You say you want a revolution? : records and rebels 1966-1970
The business models and the 7P's of the marketing mix in the changing music business
Digital tradition : arrangement and labor in Istanbul's recording studio culture
Concentration and diversity in the international phonogram industry
This business of music
Ajax records : a history and discography
Music producers : conversations with today's top record makers
The encyclopedia of record producers : an indispensable guide to the most important record producers in music history
A promoter's tale : rock at the sharp end
Proprietary Audience Development audit for an independent record label: case Top Billin Music
Music marketing for the DIY musician : creating and executing a plan of attack on a low budget
The complete singer-songwriter : a troubadour's guide to writing, performing, recording, and business
Long way to the top : the role of music booking agents in Finland
Ta-ra-ra-boom-de-ay : the business of popular music
Sound City
Overcoming the challenges facing a small record label in the music industry
Audio recording for profit : the sound of money
Creation stories : riots, raves and running a label
Breaking in to the music business. Alan H. Siegel
The Virgin discography. The 1970s, Caroline, WATT, JCOA, Front Line, Dindidisc, Oval, Atra, Butt, ECM & more
The Oxford handbook of mobile music studies
Nashville songwriter : the inside stories behind country music's greatest hits
