http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14626 design business
design business
5 - the dish
There's nothing funny about design
Conscience of glass : makers of artistic and artisanal glass in Finland : realities, vocation and relation with the industrial past
Finnish design yearbook 2010-11 : design creating a better life, design as a means of expression, design shaping the future, design as a business tool
Finnish design : a concise history
Becoming a design entrepreneur : how to launch your design-driven ventures from apps to zines
Experience design : concepts and case studies
Unimark international : the design of business and the business of design
Design research through practice : from the lab, field, and showroom
Co-creating an engaging brief for packaging development : case of a large confectionary company in Finland
Collaborative design in a virtual learning environment : three design experiments in textile teacher education
Design your action : social design in practise
The stylemakers : minimalism and classic modernism 1915-1945
Ideology, form, material : the collections of Design Museum Helsinki
Designing thoughts into cultural plurality
Finnish design yearbook 2010-11
Finnish design yearbook 2012-13
How to Have Great Ideas : a guide to creative thinking
Narrative design : the designer as an instigator of changes
"Meubles habillés" : for a more sustainable society
Evidence based design : a process for research and writing
Financial management for design professionals : the path to profitability
Handbook of service science
Thesis design : research meets practice in art and design master's theses
Star design uncovered : creation of a branding tool for product and furniture designers
Digitalization and the design of everyday life : steps in the evolution of a research agenda
Locating method principles : between research interest and design insight
Potentials : design in the field : new discourse on craft development 1-2
The form of design : deciphering the language of mass produced objects
Finnish design yearbook 2014-2015
Masterclass : Product design : guide to the world's leading graduate schools
Examines the last century of Scandinavian design to reveal how the region's design culture is very different from popular assumption. A radical reappraisal of one of the most productive and influential design regions in the world. Examines Scandinavian design through a range of diverse examples, from sofas and trams to reverse vending machines and chocolate bars.
Inspiring writing in art and design : taking a line for a write
Redesigning Futurice : introducing service design into an agile software contractor
Scandinavian design : alternative histories
Co-branding as a tool for strategic brand activation : how to find the ideal partner - an explanatory case study in the fashion and design sector
Finnish design yearbook. 2012-13
The design culture reader
The creative industries : culture and policy
Maze : jewelry collection & entrepreneurship
From contracts to selling designs, from working with clients to working with each other, this brief book is packed with knowledge you can't afford not to know.
The interior world of Tom Dixon
DesignDirect : how to start your own micro brand
Designerly ways of knowing
Energy equals masses in movement : an exploration of designed social situations
Creative graduates creative futures : a major longitudinal study undertaken between 2008 and 2010 of the career patterns of graduates in art, design, crafts and media subjects qualifying in 2002, 2003 and 2004 from 26 UK higher education institutions
Service systems implementation
Service Design Outcomes in Finnish Book Industry : From Transition to Transformation
Fredrikan jalanjäljissä : HAMKin jalkinekoulutus muotoilualan ytimessä = In Fredrika's footsteps : HAMK footwear education in the heart of design
Self-initiated design businesses : prevalent actions in design entrepreneurship
Publisher Synopsis: "The process of strategy formulation has traditionally beenthe domain of the 'left brain' relying on data, logic, and analysis.This is only one-half of the story.We know that intuition, imagination and the holistic 'right-brained' comprehension of the situation play as important a role.Carlopio's Strategy by Design is a valuable balanced contribution to the literature on strategy." - Dr. Kenichi Ohmae, 'Mr Strategy' and author of The Mind of the Strategist and The Borderless World "Strategic thinking is not the same as strategic design. But strategic design can - and should - reframe strategic thinking. Carlopio's emphasis on the tools, techniques and frameworks for design innovation not only enhances strategic thought but should help smooth the paths to innovative actions." - Michael Schrage, co-director of the MIT Media Lab's eMarkets Initiative "The process of strategy formulation has traditionally been the domain of the 'left brain' relying on data, logic, and analysis. This is only one-half of the story. We know that intuition, imagination and the holistic 'right-brained' comprehension of the situation play as important a role. Carlopio's Strategy by Design is a valuable and balanced contribution to the literature on strategy." - Dr. Kenichi Ohmae, 'Mr Strategy' and author of The Mind of the Strategist and The Borderless World"Strategic thinking is not the same as strategic design. But strategic design can - and should - reframe strategic thinking. Carlopio's emphasis on the tools, techniques and frameworks for design innovation not only enhances strategic thought but should help smooth the paths to innovative actions."
Summary.
Countering counterfeiting : managerial perceptions of consumerdirected anti-counterfeiting strategies
The Design Economy ; The Value of Design to the UK
In "Design for Services", Anna Meroni and Daniela Sangiorgi articulate what Design is doing and can do for services, and how this connects to existing fields of knowledge and practice. Designers previously saw their task as the conceptualisation, development and production of tangible objects. In the twenty-first century, a designer rarely 'designs something' but rather 'designs for something': in the case of this publication, for change, better experiences and better services. The authors reflect on this recent transformation in the practice, role and skills of designers, by organising their book into three main sections. The first section links "Design for Services" to existing models and studies on services and service innovation. Section two presents multiple service design projects to illustrate and clarify the issues, practices and theories that characterise the discipline today; using these case studies the authors propose a conceptual framework that maps and describes the role of designers in the service economy. The final section projects the discipline into the emerging paradigms of a new economy to initiate a reflection on its future development.
Vitalizing the Finnish design ecosystem : case: development of the national design network collaboration platform
Design creativity & culture : an orientation to design
Design is a job
Out of the blue : the essence and ambition of Finnish design
Ariadne's thread
Designing here/now : a global selection of objects, concepts and spaces for the future
Strategy by design : a process of strategy innovation
Iittala village : a retail concept for the Iittala brand looked through the eyes of the Chinese customer
Cumulus : ascent of a design community : the first fifteen years 1990-2005 ; editor in chief: Eija Salmi ; editor: Jaana Lantto
Print and production finishes for sustainable design
Design for services
The intrinsic logic of design
Design revolution : 100 products that empower people
My effectual journey as a jewellery designer
Craftology : redefining contemporary craft in culture, people and sustainibility
Global thinking, local action, future life : Kalmar : Cumulus 2013 Kalmar
"Experience Design brings together leading international scholars to provide a cross-section view of current academic discourse and professional practice within this emerging interdisciplinary field. Contributors use real-life case studies drawn from a range of national and disciplinary contexts to explore the meaning of 'experience'; ways in which specific 'experiences' can be designed; which methodologies and practices are employed in this process, and how experience design interrelates with other academic and professional disciplines"-- Provided by publisher.
Service Design and Delivery : How Design Thinking Can Innovate Business and Add Value to Society
Design thinking : process & methods guide
Global design watch 2010
Design thinking as a phenomenon : design thinking as a contemporary phenomenon and as an object of discussion
The Routledge companion to design studies
Creative industries : Russian profile
Value co-creation through service portfolio designing in wellness industry : case Wasa Wellness
Building design portfolios : innovative concepts for presenting your work
Design in silence : an exploratory case study of deaf designer in China
Way to grow! : collaborative branding model for small design enterprises
Product design in the sustainable era
Why, in spite of widespread designers' obsession with amazing bicycle concepts, bicycles still essentially adhere to traditional classic form? Why, in spite of countless car makes and models, the underlying car meta form, is basically the same? On the other hand, why does our understanding of the word "chair" allow an extreme latitude of form variety? Why do kitchen appliances such as mixers and toasters, insist on retaining a specific form for each assigned function? These are some of the questions this book answers. The Form of Design is the first all-encompassing book about the visual language of man-made products.
Ethical point of view in design
Material vision into fashion : design, branding and innovation in the process of setting up a fashion label, case luxaa
Green design : creative, sustainable designs for the twenty-first century
Songs and stories : [inspiration for new European identities]
Experience design : exploring the value of creating experiences
Design and creativity : policy, management and practice
500 bowls : contemporary explorations of a timeless design
The design history reader
Life after... art and design : a practical guide to life after your degree
Consumers’ purchasing behaviour and perceived product quality in sustainable clothing
Designing for designers : the case Datafisher : customized design toolkit to support digital learning design processes
The empathy challenge : how to become an empathic graphic designer
Shifting to "big picture" design? : discursive explorations of emerging conceptions of design orientated towards social complexity
"This is the first anthology to address Design History as an established discipline, a field of study which is developing a contextualised understanding of the role of design and designed objects within social and cultural history. Extracts range from the 18th Century, when design and manufacture separated, to the present day. Drawn from scholarly and polemical books, research articles, exhibition catalogues, and magazines, the extracts are placed in themed sections, with each section separately introduced and each concluded with an annotated guide to further reading. Covering both primary texts (such as the writings of designers and design reformers) and secondary texts (in the form of key works of design history), the reader provides an essential resource for understanding the history of design, the development of the discipline, and contemporary issues in design history and practice. Selected authors: Judy Attfield, Jeremy Aynsley, Rayner Banham, Roland Barthes, Jean Baudrillard, Walter Benjamin, Pierre Bourdieu, Christopher Breward, Denise Scott Brown, Ruth Schwarz Cowan, Clive Dilnot, Buckminster Fuller, Paul Greenhalgh, Dick Hebdige, Steven Heller, John Heskett, Pat Kirkham, Adolf Loos, Victor Margolin, Karl Marx, Jeffrey Meikle, William Morris, Gillian Naylor, Victor Papanek, Nikolaus Pevsner, John Ruskin, Adam Smith, Penny Sparke, John Styles, Nancy Troy, Thorstein Veblen, Robert Venturi, John Walker, Frank Lloyd Wright"--Provided by publisher.
