http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14603 philosophy of language
philosophy of language
On translation
"A Brief History of Analytic Philosophy: From Russell to Rawls presents a comprehensive overview of the historical development of all major aspects of analytic philosophy, the dominant Anglo-American philosophical tradition in the twentieth century. Features coverage of all the major subject areas and figures in analytic philosophy - including Wittgenstein, Bertrand Russell, G.E. Moore, Gottlob Frege, Carnap, Quine, Davidson, Kripke, Putnam, and many others Contains explanatory background material to help make clear technical philosophical concepts Includes listings of suggested further readings Written in a clear, direct style that presupposes little previous knowledge of philosophy "--
How the philosopher Wittgenstein won the "war on terror" ; a critical assessment of international relations theories
Wittgenstein's Tractatus : a critical exposition of its main lines of thought
"Sixty years after its first edition, there is an increasing consensus among scholars that the work posthumously published as Philosophical Investigations represents something that is far from a complete picture of Wittgensteins second book project. G.H. von Wrights seminal research on the Nachlass was an important contribution in this direction, showing that the Wittgenstein papers can reveal much more than the source of specific remarks. This book specifically explores Wittgensteins Philosophical Investigations from the different angles of its originary conceptions, including the mathematical texts, shedding new light on fundamental issues in twentieth century and contemporary philosophy. Leading authorities in the field focus on newly published or hitherto unpublished sources for the interpretation of Wittgensteins later work and a Wittgenstein typescript, translated for the first time into English, is included as an appendix"--
Meaning and reference
Assertion : on the philosophical significance of assertoric speech
Articulating reasons : an introduction to inferentialism
Dissemination
Pragmatik : Handbuch pragmatischen Denkens = Pragmatics : handbook of pragmatic thought. Bd. 3, Allgemeine philosophische Pragmatik = General philosophical pragmatics
Language, sense and nonsense : a critical investigation into modern theories of language
How to do things with words : the James William lectures delivered at Harvard University in 1955
Studies in language and reason
Truth, meaning and realism : philosophical investigations
Handbook of philosophical logic. 4, Topics in the philosophy of language
The spirit of the game : navigational aids for the next century
Indian philosophy of language : studies in selected issues
A theory of semiotics
Philosophy of language : the central topics
Language in the world : a philosophical enquiry
Essays in linguistic ontology
Both the Thunder: Perfect Mind (NHC VI,2) and the Trimorphic Protennoia (NHC XIII,1) present their readers with goddesses who descend in such auditive terms as sound, voice, and word. In Linguistic Manifestations in the Trimorphic Protennoia and the Thunder: Perfect Mind, Tilde Bak Halvgaard argues that these presentations reflect a philosophical discussion about the nature of words and names, utterances and language, as well as the relationship between language and reality, inspired especially by Platonic and Stoic dialectics. Her analysis of these linguistic manifestations against the background of ancient philosophy of language offers many new insights into the structure of the two texts and the paradoxical sayings of the Thunder: Perfect Mind.
Phantom sentences : essays in linguistics and literature presented to Ann Banfield
Words and things : a critical account of linguistic philosophy and a study in ideology
"Featuring updates and the inclusion of nine new chapters, Analytic Philosophy: An Anthology, 2nd Edition offers a comprehensive and authoritative collection of the most influential readings in analytic philosophy written over the past hundred years. Features broad coverage of analytic philosophy, including such topics as ethics, methodology, and freedom and personal identity Focuses on classic or seminal articles that were especially influential or significant New articles in this edition include "Proof of an External World" by G. E. Moore, "Criteria, Defeasibility, and Knowledge" by John McDowell, "Sensations and Brain Processes" by J. J. C. Smart, selections from Sense and Sensibilia by J. L. Austin, "Other Bodies" by Tyler Burge, "Individualism and Supervenience" by Jerry Fodor, "Responsibility and Avoidability" by Roderick Chisholm, "Alternative Possibilities and Moral Responsibility" by Harry Frankfurt, and "Personal Identity" by Derek Parfit Offers diverse approaches to analytic philosophy by including readings from Austin, Wittgenstein, Quine, and Davidson "--
The engaged intellect : philosophical essays
Abstracts : 21st Annual Meeting of the Semiotic Society of Finland, June 7-9, 2002 and Finnish Summer School, June 9-12,2002 in Imatra, Finland
Performatives and verifiability by the use of language : a study in the applied logic of indexicals and conditionals
On the origin of language. Essay on the origin of languages
Semiotics unbounded : interpretive routes through the open network of signs
Selected papers from the 2nd European Conference on Korean Linguistics
From Whorf to Montague : explorations in the theory of language
In the beginning, she was
The presence of the word : some prolegomena for cultural and religious history
New essays in philosophy of language
With reference to reference
Language and learning : Educational studies. A second level course. 9/10, Language and values : Some philosophical questions
The verb "be" and its synonyms : philosophical and grammatical studies. 3, Japanese/ Kashmiri/ Armenian/ Hungarian/ Sumerian/ Shona
Designation
Language and information : selected essays on their theory and application
Myšlenie i âzyk : metafizičeskoe soprâženie : sbornik filosofskih èsse = Thinking and language : a metaphysical junction : a collection of philosophical essays
The many faces of religious truth : Hilary Putnam's pragmatic pluralism on religion
Emma Borg examines the relation between semantics (roughly, features of the literal meaning of linguistic items) and pragmatics (features emerging from the context within which such items are being used), and assesses recent answers to the fundamental questions of how and where to draw the divide between the two. In particular, she offers a defence of what is commonly known as 'minimal semantics'. Minimal semantics, as the name suggests, wants to offer a minimal account of the interrelation between semantics and pragmatics. Specifically, it holds that while context can affect literal semantic content in the case of genuine (i.e. lexically or syntactically marked) context-sensitive expressions, this is the limit of pragmatic input to semantic content. On all other occasions where context of utterance appears to affect content, the minimalist claims that what it affects is not literal, semantic content but what the speaker conveys by the use of this literal content--it affects what a speaker says but not what a sentence means. As Borg makes clear, the minimalist must allow some contextual influence on semantic content, but her claim is that this influence can be limited to 'tame' pragmatics--the kind of rule-governed appeals to context which won't scare formally minded horses. 'Pursuing Meaning' aims to make good on this claim. The book also contains an overview of all the main positions in the area, clarification of its often complex terminology, and an exploration of key themes such as word meaning, mindreading, and the relationship between semantics and psychology.
Language and philosophy
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
The new philosophy and universal languages in seventeenth-century England : Bacon, Hobbes, and Wilkins
Tense and performance : an essay on the uses of tensed and tenseless language
The philosophy of grammar
Metaphysics and grammar
Metasemantics : new essays on the foundations of meaning
Situated meaning : inside and outside in Japanese self, society, and language
Linguistic manifestations in the Trimorphic Protennoia and the Thunder: Perfect Mind : analysed against the background of platonic and stoic dialectics
Semiotics and philosophy of language
New thinking about propositions
Tractatus logico-philosophicus
The deed of reading : literature, writing, language, philosophy
Philosophy and grammar : papers on the occasion of the quincentennial of Uppsala university
Language and thought : a rational enquiry into their nature and relationship
The verb "be" and its synonyms : philosophical and grammatical studies. 4, Twi/Modern Chinese/Arabic
The polysemantic structure of the natural languages
Mind, language and reality : philosophical papers. Vol 2
Social conventions : from language to law
Philosophical perspectives on metaphor
The philosophy of symbolic forms. Vol. 1, Language
Ways of meaning : an introduction to a philosophy of language
Linguistics and the Third Reich : mother-tongue fascism, race and the science of language
Philosophy of language : the big questions
Prospects for meaning
The philosophy of symbolic forms. 1-2
Semiotics : the basics
"Philosophical Delusion and its Therapy" develops a novel account of the nature and genesis of philosophical problems. This account vindicates a revolutionary reorientation of philosophical work: the project of philosophical therapy pioneered by Ludwig Wittgenstein. With the help of concepts adapted from different branches of cognitive science (cognitive linguistics, cognitive and clinical psychology), the book explains where and why therapy is called for in philosophy, and develops techniques to actually carry it out.
Language and cognition
Classical pragmatism on mind and rationality : as discussed by Erkki Kilpinen in The Enormous Fly-Wheel of Society: Pragmatism's Habitual Conception of Action and Social Theory
Philosophy and language
The problems of contemporary philosophy
Collected papers
"The Continuum Companion to Philosophy of Language offers the definitive guide to contemporary philosophy of language. The book covers all the fundamental questions asked by the philosophy of language - areas that have continued to attract interest historically as well as topics that have emerged more recently as active areas of research. Ten specially commissioned essays from an international team of experts reveal where important work continues to be done in the area and, most valuably, the exciting new directions the field is taking. The Companion explores issues pertaining to the nature of language, form semantics, theories of meaning, reference, intensional contexts, context-dependence, pragmatics, the normativity of language, analyticity, a priority and modality. Featuring a series of indispensable research tools, including an A to Z of key terms and concepts, a detailed list of resources and a fully annotated bibliography, this is the essential reference tool for anyone working in the philosophy of language."--Provided by publisher.
Sign levels : language and its evolutionary antecedents
The Continuum companion to the philosophy of language
Language and the ineffable : a developmental perspective and its applications
Aspects of philosophical logic : some logical forays into central notions of linguistics and philosophy
The game of language : studies in game-theoretical semantics and its applications
Paul Grice's heritage
The logic of common nouns : an investigation in quantified modal logic
Logic and the art of memory : the quest for a universal language
The early Wittgenstein on metaphysics, natural science, language, and value
"The book is divided into three parts. Part One includes A Common Writing (1647), the first English attempt at an artificial language, and the equally pioneering phonetic alphabet set out in An Essay Towards an Universal Alphabet (1686). Part Two contains a series of linked short treatises on the nature of religion and divine revelation, including 'Of the Word of God' and 'Of the Use of Reason in Religion', in which Lodwick argues for a new understanding of the Bible, advocates a rational approach to divine worship, and seeks to reinterpret received religion for an age of reason. The final part of the book contains his unpublished utopian fiction, A Country Not Named : here he creates a world in which he expresses his most firmly-held opinions on language and religion, and in which his utopians found a church that bans unedited reading from the Bible. The book gives new insights into the religious aspects of the scientific revolution and throws fresh light on the early modern frame of mind. It is aimed at intellectual and cultural historians, historians of science and linguistics, and literary scholars - indeed, at all those interested in the interplay of ideas, language, and religion in seventeenth-century England." --from inside jacket cover.
Language in hand : why sign came before speech
Problems of knowledge and freedom
Incapacity : Wittgenstein, anxiety, and performance behavior
Applied logic : how, what and why : logical approaches to natural language
Reading philosophy of language : selected texts with interactive commentary
The logic of conventional implicatures
The unfolding of language : an evoluonary tour of mankind's greatest invention
This book explores some of the fundamental yet most technical problems in philosophy, such as meaning and reference, semantics, and propositional attitudes. Some of its greatest exponents, including Gottlob Frege, Ludwig Wittgenstein and Bertrand Russell are amongst the major figures in the history of philosophy.
"Analytic Philosophy: An Anthology, 2nd Edition is a comprehensive and authoritative collection of the most influential readings in analytic philosophy written over the past hundred years. In addition to maintaining the first edition's coverage of seminal writings and the latest works on the philosophy of language, philosophy of mind, metaphysics, epistemology, ethics, and methodology, this second edition features nine additional chapters, including treatment of externalism in philosophy of mind by Burge and Fodor, and an important treatment of perception by McDowell. Other featured authors include Gottlob Frege, Bertrand Russell, W. V. Quine, David Lewis, Thomas Nagel, John Searle, Donald Davidson, Bernard Williams, and many more. With its breadth of scope and expert selection of the best classic and cutting edge writings, Analytic Philosophy: An Anthology, 2nd Edition represents an invaluable and essential resource for anyone interested in twentieth-century analytic philosophy"--
Philosophical papers. 2, Mind, language and reality
Introduction to linguistic philosophy
Philosophy and the nature of language
Mind, code and context : essays in pragmatics
Language, truth and logic
Man as a sign : essays on the philosophy of language
Wittgenstein and the human form of life
Case, referentiality, and phrase structure
Informal lectures on formal semantics
Philosophy and ordinary language
The primacy of grammar
A user's guide to thought and meaning
The textual genesis of Wittgenstein's philosophical investigations
The public nature of meaning
Abstracts : International Summer Institute for Semiotic and Structural Studies : June 8-13, 2003 in Imatra, Finland
Events and semantic architecture
Positivism : a study in human understanding
Language and reality : an introduction to the philosophy of language
Mind, language, and metaphilosophy : early philosophical papers
Reference and intentionality
The break of Paul de Man
Beyond the symbol model : reflections on the representational nature of language
Taiteen kielet = Konstens språk = The languges of art
The philosophy of symbolic forms. Vol. 2, Mythical thought
Signs, language and behavior
Demonstratives
The verb "be" and its synonyms : philosophical and grammatical studies. 5, Urdu / Turkish / Bengali / Amharic / Indonesian / Telugu / Estonian
Compositionality and natural language interpretation
The word and the world : India's contribution to the study of language
Practicing history : new directions in historical writing after the linguistic turn
Linguistics and philosophy : an essay on the philosophical constants of language
The underlying reality of language and its philosophical import
The miraculous birth of language
The verb "be" and its synonyms : philosophical and grammatical studies. 6, The verb "be" in ancient Greek
Talk, thought, and thing : the emic road toward conscious knowledge
Culture and value
Contemporary philosophy : Philosophy in English since 1945
Art, language and figure in Merleau-Ponty : excursions in hyper-dialectic
Language and other abstract objects
Dialogues on Bakhtin : interdisciplinary readings
The pioneering linguist Benjamin Whorf (1897--1941) grasped the relationship between human language and human thinking: how language can shape our innermost thoughts. His basic thesis is that our perception of the world and our ways of thinking about it are deeply influenced by the structure of the languages we speak. The writings collected in this volume include important papers on the Maya, Hopi, and Shawnee languages, as well as more general reflections on language and meaning. Whorf's ideas about the relation of language and thought have always appealed to a wide audience, but their reception in expert circles has alternated between dismissal and applause. Recently the language sciences have headed in directions that give Whorf's thinking a renewed relevance. Hence this new edition of Whorf's classic work is especially timely. The second edition includes all the writings from the first edition as well as John Carroll's original introduction, a new foreword by Stephen Levinson of the Max Planck Institute for Psycholinguistics that puts Whorf's work in historical and contemporary context, and new indexes. In addition, this edition offers Whorf's "Yale Report," an important work from Whorf's mature oeuvre.
Renaissance truths : humanism, scholasticism and the search for the perfect language
Bertrand Russell's bundle theory of particulars
A companion to the philosophy of language
Philosophical delusion and its therapy : outline of a philosophical revolution
The principles of linguistic philosophy
The verb "be" and its synonyms : philosophical and grammatical studies. 4, Twi/ Modern Chinese/ Arabic
Theory of meaning
The philosophy of language
Towards an ecology of language, communication and the mind
Displacements of deconstruction : the deconstruction of metaphysics of presence, meaning, subject and method
The incommensurability thesis
Linguistics, philosophy, and Montague grammar
The elements of philosophy : readings from past and present
Meaning and saying : essays in the philosophy of language
Language and interpretation : historico-philosophical considerations
Structures for semantics
Understanding quotation
Language and myth
Language, thought, and reality : selected writings of Benjamin Lee Whorf
Lying, misleading, and what is said : an exploration in philosophy of language and in ethics
Wittgenstein and the creativity of language
Peeling potatoes or grinding lenses : Spinoza and young Wittgenstein converse on immanence and its logic
Religious language
Ernst Cassirer and the autonomy of language
Introduction to semantics
Pragmatics of natural languages
Language and relation : ...that there is language
The language of thought
Speaking from Elsewhere : a new contextualist perspective on meaning, identity and discursive agency
On the philosophy of language
The Raymond Tallis reader
Real-time hermeneutics : meaning-making in ludonarrative digital games
Analytic philosophy : an anthology
A grammar of motives and A rhetoric of motives
A brief history of analytic philosophy : from Russell to Rawls
Philosophy of language : a contemporary introduction
The square of opposition : a general framework for cognition
Cartesian linguistics : a chapter in the history of rationalist thought
Rhetoric in an antifoundational world : language, culture, and pedagogy
On message structure : a framework for the study of language and communication
Defining the art of grammar : ancient perceptions of γραμματική and grammatica
What is this thing called philosophy of language?
Routledge Philosophy Guidebook to Derrida on Deconstruction
The philosophy of symbolic forms. Vol. 3, The phenomenology of knowledge
Philosophical perspectives on language
On language, theology, and utopia
The inessential indexical : on the philosophical insignificance of perspective and the first person
An inquiry into meaning and truth : the William James lectures for 1940 delivered at Harvard University
