http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14604 arias
arias
Marilyn Horne : the song continues
Mario Lanza sings songs from his movies
Grand opera : popular arias from the great operatic masterpieces
Arias for bass : complete package with diction coach and accompaniment CDs
Operatic anthology. Vol. 4, Baritone
Operatic anthology : celebrated arias selected from operas by old and modern composers : in five volumes. Vol. 3, Tenor
Habanera (If you're the one I pick, watch out!) : Carmen
Mozart arias. Baritone/Bass
26 Italian songs and arias : Medium high
Twenty-four Italian songs and arias of the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries for medium high voice
Song of my heart : Orchestral songs
The modern tenor operatic album : with the original and English texts : thirty-two arias from famous operas
On wings of song & Zarzuela arias
45 arias from operas and oratorios for voice and piano (high). Volume 3
Messiah : He shall feed his flock
The Young Kiri : The early recordings 1964-70 : Operatic arias, popular songs & Maori folksongs
The complete Columbia albums collection
My heart's delight : live from the Piazza Grande, Modena, 1993.
Songs of welcome and farewell
Lord Byron's love letter : opera in ine act
Where shall I fly : Handel & Mozart arias
The Sumi Jo collection
Celebrated opera arias for mezzo-soprano and alto
Nessun Dorma and other favourites
Guide to the aria repertoire
English Arias
Das Arienbuch = The aria book : Alto
Arias for baritone : complete package with diction coach and accompaniment CDs
London calling!
Great operatic arias. Volume 2
Heart's delight - the songs of Richard Tauber
Messiah : He was despised and rejected
45 arias from operas and oratorios for voice and piano (high). Volume 2
The miracle of the voice
45 arias from operas and oratorios : for voice and piano. Volume 3, High
The greatest hits
Canaletto -music of his time
George London
Operatic anthology. Vol. 2, Mezzo-soprano and alto
Opern-Arien für Sopran = Operatic arias for soprano : 132 Arien in vier Bänden = 132 arias in four volumes. Band 1, 44 Arien von Händel, Gluck, Mozart, Beethoven u.a. / herausgegeben von Ann-Elisabeth Wolff
45 arias from operas and oratorios : for voice and piano : (high). Volume 1
La stupenda : the supreme voice of Joan Sutherland
The legendary tenor
The Studio recitals
Greatest hits
The essential Plácido Domingo
The best of Verdi
The art of the prima donna
45 arias from operas and oratorios : for voice and piano : (high). Volume 3
Coloratura arias for soprano
Great baritone arias
Memories
The McCormack edition. 1, 1910 acoustic recordings
The ultimate collection
Un bel di = One fine day : voice (high / medium / low) and piano
The modern soprano operatic album : with the original and English texts : thirty-two arias from famous operas
Arie d'opera per tenore = Opera arias for tenor
Songs and dialogues
The anniversary concert
Opera : American style : arias for soprano
Operatic anthology. Vol. 5, Bass
Classics : the best of Sarah Brightman
Arias for Montagna
Arie per mezzosoprano = Arias for mezzosoprano. Volume 2
Finland's Tribute to Beniamino Gigli : Recordings 1925 - 1954
Ritual dances and other works
28 Italian songs and arias of the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries : Medium high voice
Live in London 1961 and 1962
Dido and Aeneas : An opera in three acts
The Glory (????) of the human voice
The Pavarotti story
28 Italian songs and arias of the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries : Medium low voice
Best recordings. 1
My heart's delight : Luciano Pavarotti live from the Piazza Grande, Modena
Operatic album : containing six songs for soprano voice selected from Standard and modern operas ; with original words and and english translation
Where shall I fly : Händel & Mozart arias
The best of Kathleen Battle
Die Arie im Unterricht : arias for aspiring singers : 27 Arien aus 4 Jahrhunderten : Soprano
The Savonlinna Opera Festival concert : The embaccy concert. 2.
Emily Dickinson arias
Music for the voice : A descriptive list of concert and teaching material
45 arias from operas and oratorios : for voice and piano : (low). Volume 3
The world's greatest opera arias
Classics
Leontyne Price
A collection of songs. Volume 5, Tenor
Bach: cantatas ; Barber, Copland
Live from the Covent Garden
Amour
Opera highlights. Volume 2
45 arias from operas and oratorios : for voice and piano. Volume 2, High
Caruso album : favourite songs and arias with English and original words
45 arias from operas and oratorios : for voice and piano : (low). Volume 2
Some enchanted evening
The supreme Wagnerian soprano
The art of the Prima Donna : Arne, Händel, Bellini, Gounod, Verdi, Mozart, Thomas, Meyerbeer, Delibes, Rossini
The gala concert
Beverly Sills
Three baroque tenors
With charming notes
Operatic anthology : celebrated arias selected from operas by old and modern composers in five volumes. Vol. 4, Baritone
The Placido Domingo story
Quando me'n vò = (Musetta's waltz) : voice (high/medium/low) and piano
German romantic arias
Das Arienbuch = The aria book : Tenore
Song to the moon (Rusalka) : soprano and piano
From the heart
45 arias from operas and oratorios : for voice and piano : (low). Volume 1
45 arias from operas and oratorios : for voice and piano : (high). Volume 2
The Prima Donna's Album : 42 celebrated arias from famous operas
