http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14602 linguistic typology
linguistic typology
On the feasibility of complexity metrics
The linguistic identity of Europe
Types of variation : diachronic, dialectical and typological interfaces
Complex sentence constructions in Australian languages
"Language typology identifies similarities and differences between languages of the world. This textbook provides an introduction to the subject which assumes minimal prior knowledge of linguistics. It offers the broadest coverage of any introductory book, with sections on historical change, language acquisition and language processing. Students will become familiar with the subject by working through numerous examples of cross-linguistic generalizations and diversity in syntax, morphology and phonology as well as vocabulary, writing systems and signed languages. Chapter previews and summaries, key words, a glossary and copious literature references help the reader understand and internalize what they have read, while activities at the end of each chapter reinforce key points"--
The use of databases in cross-linguistics studies
Typological characteristics of the Finnic languages : a reappraisal
The non-semitic languages of Ethiopia
An Areal-typological perspective to evidentiality : the cases of Balkan and Baltic lingusitic areas
Estonian : typological studies. 1
The yearbook of South Asian languages and linguistics 2001 : Tokyo Symposium on South Asian Languages Contact, Convergence and Typology
From Latin to Romance : morphosyntactic typology and change
A fallacy of contemporary linguistics : J. H. Greenberg's classification of the African languages and his "comparative method"
Nominalization/verbalization : constraining a typology of transcategorical operations
Estonian : typological studies. 2
Negation in Oceanic languages : typological studies
An introduction to linguistic typology
Relative constructions in European non-standard varieties
Language typology and syntactic description. Vol. 3, Grammatical categories and the lexicon
The Oxford handbook of linguistic typology
The grammar of space
Areal diffusion and genetic inheritance : problems in comparative linguistics
Studies in Korean morpho-syntax : a functional-typological perspective
Negative declaritives and negative imperatives : similarities and  differences
Word order in discourse
Morphological Typology : from word to paradigm
Syntax : a functional-typological introduction. Vol. 2
Introducing language typology
Estonian : typological studies. 4
The Nordic subcorpora of the International Corpus of Learner English : a progress report
The 2nd past in the Permic languages : form, function, and a comparative analysis from a typological perspective
Dependency reversal in noun-attributive constructions : towards a typology
Simultaneous interpreting performance : language-typological effects
Word-Formation : an International handbook of the languages of Europe. Volume 1
A guide to the world's languages. Vol. 1, Classification
The paradigmatic structure of person marking
Studies in computational historical linguistics : models and analyses
A grammar of Teiwa
Relational typology
Typological Interaction in the Qinghai Linguistic Complex
Ergativity, valency and voice
Remarks on Polysynthesis
Principles of structural typology
Language universals and linguistic typology : syntax and morphology
Sprung from some common source : investigations into the prehistory of languages
The making of vernacular Singapore English : system, transfer, and filter
Compendium of the world's languages. Volume 1, Abaza to Kurdish
The truth about Strahlenberg's classification of the languages of Northeastern Eurasia
Syllable weight : phonetics, phonology, typology
Modality-aspect interfaces : implications and typological solutions
Creoles, their substrates and language typology
Evidentiality
Perspectives on aspect
The origin of agent markers
A typology of transitives : alignment types and motivations
The typology of Asian Englishes
Typological studies in negation
Areal distribution and typological diversity of languages spoken in Europe and North and Central Asia. Vol. 2, Typological diversity of languages spoken in Europe and North and Central Asia
Approaches to language typology
Symposium on language universals : "Estonian data contributing to the theory of language universals" & "The hierarchical nature of language" (Tallinn, July 28-30, 1987) : summaries
Indo-Uralic and Ural-Altaic : On the diachronic implications of areal typology
Descriptive typology and linguistic theory : a study in the morphosyntax of relative clauses
Contemporary approaches to Baltic linguistics
On the typology and the semantics of non-verbal predication
Lexical anaphors and pronouns in selected South Asian languages : a principled typology
On comitatives and related categories : a typological study with special focus on the languages of Europe
Language in the Americas
Polar interrogatives in Uralic languages
Knowledge of Panoan languages and linguistics has increased significantly over the last several decades. The present paper draws upon this new information to produce a current internal classification of all the extant and extinct languages in the Panoan family based on lexical, phonological, and grammatical comparisons. This classification pays special attention to distinguishing dialects from independent languages and to mismatches that exist between linguistically defined languages and socially defined ethnic groups. An evaluation of previously proposed genetic relations to other language families is followed by a discussion of lexical borrowing and possible areal diffusion of grammatical features from and into neighboring non-Panoan languages and Kechua. The history of Panoan linguistics is chronicled from the first Jesuit and Franciscan vocabularies to the most recent contributions, and priorities for future research are suggested. A typological overview of Panoan phonology, morphology, and syntax is provided along with descriptions of some of the extraordinary linguistic features found in the family. Name taboos, postmortem word taboos, in-law avoidance languages, trade languages, ceremonial languages, and other ethnolinguistic phenomena found in the Panoan family are also discussed.
Word : a cross-linguistic typology
Problems in the taxonomy of the Uralic languages in the light of modern comparative studies
Finiteness : theoretical and empirical foundations
On deixis in English and Polish : the role of demonstrative pronouns
"South Asian languages are rich in linguistic diversity and number. This book explores the similarities and differences of about forty languages from the four different language families (Austro-Asiatic, Dravidian, Indo-Aryan [Indo- European], and Tibeto-Burman [Sino-Tibetan]). It focuses on the syntactic typology of these languages and the high degree of syntactic convergence, with special reference to the notion of "India as a linguistic area." Several areas of current theoretical interest such as anaphora, control theory, case and agreement, relative clauses, and the significance of thematic roles in grammar are discussed. The analysis presented has significant implications for current theories of syntax, verbal semantics, first and second language acquisition, structural language typology, and historical linguistics. The book will be of interest to linguists working on the description of South Asian languages, as well as syntacticians wishing to discover more about the common structure of languages within this region"--
Current themes in linguistics : bilingualism, experimental linguisties, and language typologies
Preprints of the plenary session papers : XIVth International Congress of Linguists, Berlin 10.-15. August 1987 = Vorabdruck der Plenarvorträge : XIV Internationaler Linguistenkongress
Cross-linguistic studies on relative constructions in European languages are often centred on standard varieties as described in reference grammars. This volume breaks with the tradition in that it investigates relative constructions in non-standard varieties from a multidisciplinary perspective and addresses a crucial question: what does Europe's typological panorama actually look like?
A grammar of Madurese
The typology of adjectival predication
Études typologiques sur les langues indigènes de l'Amérique = Typological studies on the American Indian langues
Celtic and other indo-european languages
The grammar of knowledge : a cross-linguistic typology
Studies in African linguistic typology
Towards a typology of disharmony
Language typology around the Baltic sea : a problem inventory
Linguistic realization of evidentiality in European languages
Linguistic diversity
Ethiopian Semitic : studies in classification
Ethnolinguistic diversity in Siberia
The Afroasiatic languages
Serial verb constructions in Austronesian and Papuan languages
Introduction : the problem of language complexity
Coordinating constructions
Nominalization in Asian languages : diachronic and typological perspectives
South Asian languages : a syntactic typology
Studies in ditransitive constructions : a comparative handbook
Variationstypologie : ein sprachtypologisches Handbuch der europäischen Sprachen in Geschichte und Gegenwart = Variation typology : a typological handbook of European languages past and present
Handbook of descriptive language knowledge : a full-scale reference guide for typologists
Converbs in cross-linguistic perspective : structure and meaning of adverbial verb forms - adverbial participles, gerunds -
Geographical typology and linguistic areas : with special reference to Africa
Possessive and existential construction in sign languages
Tense and aspect
Rethinking universals : how rarities affect linguistic theory
Voice : form and function
Negation
Word order typology and comparative constructions
Language change and typological variation : in honor of Winfred P. Lehmann on the occasion of his 83rd birthday. Vol. 2, Grammatical universals and typology
Tense and aspect systems
Auxiliary verb constructions
Periphrasis : the role of syntax and morphology in paradigms
Deconstructing Creole
Areal distribution and typological diversity of languages spoken in Europe and North and Central Asia. Vol. 1, Areal distribution of languages spoken in Europe and North and Central Asia
Geschichte und Typologie der Sprachsysteme = History and typology of language systems
Concise compendium of the world's languages
Minor languages : approaches, definitions, controversies : papers from the conference on 'Minor Languages : Coming to grips with a suitable definition', Bremen, June 2001
Toward a typology of causative constructions
Contexts of subordination : cognitive, typological and discourse perspectives
Modes of modality : modality, typology, and universal grammar
Estonian : typological studies. 5
Topic continuity in discourse : a quantitative cross-language study
Event structure and the left periphery : studies on Hungarian
Serial verb constructions : a cross-linguistic typology
On language : selected writings of Joseph H. Greenberg
Language typology and syntactic description. 1, Clause structure
Language typology 1988 : typological models in reconstruction
Grammatical relations : a cross-linguistic perspective on their syntax and semantics
"This volume of new work explores the nature of verb serialisation in a range of languages from the Pacific region - both Austronesian and non-Austronesian. Serial verbs can be described linguistically as a sequence of verbs which behave as a single complex predicate. A particular focus of this book is the detailed examination given by most authors to the relationship of such uniclausal linguistic structures with the real world notion of eventhood. The book also makes a valuable addition to the description and analysis of serial verb constructions from the Pacific, a region which has generally been under-represented in cross-linguistic discussions of verb serialisation. The book will appeal to syntacticians and typologists as well as to Austronesianists and Papuanists."--Provided by publisher.
Studies in relational grammar. 3
Dialectology meets typology : dialect grammar from a cross-linguistic perspective
A typology of African languages based on the order of meaningful elements
Defining a linguistic area : South Asia
The concept of possession is central to human experience. Thus the variety of ways in which we can "have" diverse items such as a family, an idea, or a headache is matched by a rich array of linguistic structures. An understanding of the full range of possible structural variation requires the study of languages in both natural modalities, signed and spoken, making this volume a very timely addition to research in the target domain. This volume summarises results from a large-scale typological investigation on possession and existence in 28 sign languages around the world. It includes detailed investigations of sign language data from Venezuela, Belgium, Jordan, Uganda, Japan, Austria, Catalonia, and the US, as well as two sign languages from "deaf villages", in Bali and in Ghana. Detailed data from village communities with a high incidence of hereditary deafness offer particularly fascinating insights and have never before featured in a comparative typological study. The volume also includes the full set of elicitation materials used for data collection in this cross-linguistic study, as well as a CD/DVD with video clips illustrating examples from the sign language data.
Dimensions of possession
Changing valency : case studies in transitivity
Introduction to modality
Fourth International Conference on Minority Languages. Vol. 1, General papers
Linguistic typology, universality and the realism of reconstruction
Tipologia linguistica e società : considerazioni inter- e intralinguistiche = Linguistic typology and society : inter- and intralinguistic reflections : due gironate italo-danesi di studi linguistici, Roma, 27-28 novembre 2003
The Circum-Baltic languages. An areal-typological approach
Language change and typological variation : in honor of Winfred P. Lehmann on the occasion of his 83rd birthday. Vol. 1, Language change and phonology
Europe and the Mediterranean as linguistic areas : convergencies from a historical and typological perspective
Typology and universals
New challenges in typology : transcending the borders and refining the distinctions
'Triangulation' of diachrony, dialectology and typology
Deconstructing Creole is a collection of studies aimed at critically assessing the idea of creole languages as a homogeneous structural type with shared and peculiar patterns of genesis. Following up on the critical discussion of notions of 'creole exceptionalism' as historical and ideological constructs, this volume tests the basic assumptions that underlie current attempts to present 'creole structure' as a special type, from typological as well as sociohistorical perspectives. The sum of the findings presented here suggests that careful empirical investigation of input varieties and contact.
Language typology and syntactic description. 3, Grammatical categories and the lexicon
Word prosodic systems in the languages of Europe
Language in the modern world
Language typology and historical contingency : in honor of Johanna Nichols
Language and history : contributions to comparative Altaistics
Tense-aspect : between semantics & pragmatics : containing the contributions to a symposium on tense and aspect, held at UCLA, May 1979
Double case : agreement by Suffixaufnahme
Panoan languages and linguistics
Linguistic typology of the North. Volume 1
Toward a typology of European languages
Papers on typological linguistics
Topics in Uduk phonology and morphosyntax
Native Middle American languages : an areal-typological perspective
A magyar nyelvtan tipológiai jellemzése: válogatott írasoḱ = Typological characterization of Hungarian grammar: selected writings
Studies in anaphora
The typology of parts of speech systems : the markedness of adjectives
Philologie, Typologie und Sprachstruktur : Festschrift für Winfried Boeder zum 65. Geburtstag = Philology, typology and language structure : Festschrift for Winfried Boeder on the occasion of his 65th birthday
Studies in evidentiality
