http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14657 scout movement
scout movement
The camp-fire book : ceremonies, costumes, rounds, songs, yells, stunts and games for indoor and outdoor camp-fires
The ranger guider's handbook. 1, Part 1
Girl scout handbook
The ranger guider's handbook. 2, Part 2
Moonrise Kingdom
Abstract: The aim of this study was to map issues related to change management and voluntary work. The study was undertaken to understand what factors affect successful change management especially in voluntary organizations. A further aim was to study how program reform Ohjelmauudistus 2010 in Guides and Scouts of Finland was managed. A critical review of existing literature and research in the fields of change management and volunteering was conducted. An online survey to active members of the association aimed to clarify the thoughts of the members about the program reform. The results of the survey were compared to the closing report of the project to see whether the perceptions about the success of the project were consistent among the members and the working group. According to the results of the research, the opinions of the members and the working group seem to be congruent. Areas that were identified in the closing report to be successful were the same that the members were satisfied with. The only exception here is the satisfaction with communication. However, there are considerable geographical differences in the attitudes.
Spare time activities : for scouts and others
The World association of Girl Guides and Girl Scouts
Helvi Sipilä : nainen maailman huipulla = woman at the top of the world
The Baden-Powell birthday book
Seventy-five remarkable years : a record of deaf people and the girl guide movement 1910-1985
In search of the nation : the new generation of Hungarian youth in Czechoslovakia 1925-1934
Racing Ace
Leadership of girl scout troops : concerning the intermediate program for girl scouts ten through fourteen ; illustrated by Catharine C. Lewis
Trefoil around the world : Girl Guiding and Girl Scouting in many lands
The brownie guide handbook
Partio-exlibris : suomalaisia partioaiheisia exlibriksiä = Bookplates for the Finnish scouts
Symbolic childhood
Girl guiding : a handbook for brownies, guides, rangers and guiders
Pottes stories : to tell to scouts and cubs
Estonian scouting 1912-1962
The twilight watch
The rowan tree : the lifework of Marjorie Edgar, Girl Scout pioneer and folklorist : with her Finnish folk song collection "Songs from Metsola"
The extension branch of the Girl Guide movement : for girls who are invalids, deaf, blind or crippled ; and for the mentally defective
En scouts ideal är...
The last watch
Land and sea tales for scouts and guides
Partiotyttömme = Flickscouting i Finland = Our girl guides
The international handbook
27 years with Baden-Powell
School & scouting
The character factory : Baden-Powell and the origins of the boy scout movement
The Ranger Guide handbook
Scout test games
Life's snags and how to meet them : Talks to young men
Change management in voluntary organisation : program reform in Finnish scout movement
Girl scouting in Suomi-Finland until the year 1935.
Letters from Mexico
Essential knots : the step-by-step guide to tying the perfect knot for every situation : camping, climbing, fishing, sailing, scouting
plays for scout entertainment
Empire boys : adventures in a man's world
Leiriläisen sanakirja = Lägerordbok = Camper's dictionary
Constitution and bye-laws of the world association of Girl Guides and Girl Scouts
Saturday afternoon scouting
Aids to scoutmastership : a handbook for scoutmasters on the theory of scout training
Twilight watch
Here come the girl guides
Boys'Life : Espoo
Ideology and argument : studies in British, Finnish and Hungarian thought
Life of Baden-Powell
B.P.'s outlook : some selections from his contributions to "The Scouter" from 1909 to 1940
Study of some British and Finnish scouting and guiding terms and general comparison of their semantic fields
Finlandia : a cross section of Finland, her nature, art and industry
The world song of the World Association of Girl Guides and Girl Scouts
The absent girl in Scouting for Boys
Rovering to success : a book of life-sport for young men
This book celebrates both the contribution of Guiding to the lives of many Deaf girls and young women, and the contribution of those girls and young women to the Guide Movement. Deaf girls and those who shared activities with them were "in at the beginning". The book is richly illustrated with photographs contributed by many Deaf people with the earliest dating from 1911. It ends with the influence of mainstreaming in 1985. One section pays tribute to the Friend to the Deaf Badge, which, perhaps, did more than anything else, during those years, to introduce youngsters to fingerspelling, and the communication needs of Deaf and Deafblind people. The author writes with personal knowledge of both the fun and the challenges of "playing the game that is Guiding". The book forms a record of an important part of Deaf feminine history.
The how book of scouting
The day watch
The story of the girl guides : Rose Kerr ; [foreword by Lord Baden-Powell of Gilwell]
Senior girl scouting : a program for older girls
Partiosanasto = Scoutordbok = Glossary for guides and scouts
The Guide handbook
The World camp : Foxlease 1924.
The story of a million girls
Night watch
The world song : world association of girl guides and girl scouts
The new watch
Foxlease : the home of guiding
Woodcraft and Indian lore : a classic guide from a founding father of the boy scouts of America : with over five hundred drawings by the author
Building character in the American boy : the Boy Scouts, YMCA, and their forerunners, 1870-1920
Patrol emblems for girl guides : their history and legends
Handbook for patrol leaders
Splat the Cat and the hotshot
The ideal of a scout/guide is...
Olave baden-Powell
Be prepared : handbook for guides
An official history of scouting
Scout field book
Seamanship for scouts
Girl scout proficiency badge requirements and special awards : 1934.
