http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14674 thoracic surgery
thoracic surgery
"Cardiothoracic Surgery Review covers all of the core knowledge necessary to pass the cardiothoracic boards or the cardiothoracic recertification exam. Each topic presents core information in two-to-four pages and concludes with a brief list of the most important references. The topics cover all areas in cardiothoracic surgery, including cardiac surgery, pediatric cardiac surgery, and thoracic surgery. Included with the book is a companion website featuring the fully searchable text and over 60 procedural videos. This topic-based review is ideal for anyone needing to rapidly reference an up-to-date knowledge base in cardiothoracic surgery, including cardiothoracic fellows, practitioners studying for recertification, and surgical nurses."--Provided by publisher.
Penetrating cardiac injuries : a complex challenge
The Scandinavian Association for Thoracic and Cardiovascular Surgery ; The Scandinavian Society for Extracorporeal Technology : 37th annual congress , August 1-3, 1988 Helsinki, Finland : programme and abstracts
Profuse mediastinal haemorrhage due to mediastinitis after sternotomy : report of three cases and review of the literature
Pocket essentials of clinical surgery
The Johns Hopkins manual of cardiothoracic surgery
ESTS textbook of thoracic surgery. Vol. 1
Pediatric thoracic surgery
Cardiothoracic surgery review
Pharmacological management of early porcine lung graft dysfunction
Endothelin in bronchoalveolar lavage fluid is increased in lung-transplanted patients
Tissue perfusion and oxygenation in cardiac surgery
Sabiston & Spencer surgery of the chest. Vol.2
Extradural, paravertebral and intercostal nerve blocks for post-thoracotomy pain
Thromboxane receptor blockade does not attenuate pulmonary pressor response in porcine single lung transplantation
Plastic surgery. Vol. 6, Trunk and lower extremity
The role of bronchoplasty in the treatment of lung cancer
Summary.
Direct bronchial artery revascularisation in lung transplantation and airway anastomotic healing : an experimental and clinical study
Sabiston & Spencer surgery of the chest. Vol. 1
Sabiston & Spencer surgery of the chest
ESTS textbook of thoracic surgery. Vol.2
Noninvasive diagnosis of acute and chronic rejection after lung transplantation : an experimental and clinical study
