http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14614 electronic dance music
electronic dance music
The Malay dance
It's you, it's me
The dance in mind : profiles and reviews 1976-83
The night the sun came up
Best of
Trance nation
Watch me dance
Everytime we touch
Rihanna : the only girl in the world
This case seeks to add to the growing research on the hip-hop culture and the importance of visual images in qualitative research. This study explores the use of visual imagery as a tool for describing the changes that have led to hip-hop culture's transformation to the hip-hop industry while also providing an interpretation of the impact of hip-hop-influenced visual imagery on two educators.
The complete guide to remixing : produce professional dance-floor hits on your home computer
21st century
A Public affair
The best of Mr Bongo
Crazy itch radio
Body, movement and dance in psychotherapy : An international journal for theory, research and practice
The albums 2000-2010
Slinky : trance classics
Kaksi versiota kappaleesta In the air tonight.
Modern dance : techniques and teaching
Dance music manual : tools, toys and techniques
Klone ikons : a kollektion of Klone klassiks
Club rotation. 41
Samba : resistance in motion
Dance and instrumental diferencias in Spain during the 17th and early 18th centuries
A trade like any other : female singers and dancers in Egypt
In the air tonight
Motion arrested : dance reviews of H.T. Parker
Set your body free
Command
Black ships heat the dancefloor
How to make dances in an epidemic : tracking choreography in the age of AIDS
Soaring : the diary and letters of a Denishawn dancer in the Far East, 1925-1926
Gendering bodies/performing art : dance and literature in early-twentieth-century culture
Label this!
Finally
The Underground Records anthology
Dance Anatomy
The Choreographic
In the zone
Theoretically Chinese
Let's get it started : the rise and rise of the Black Eyed Peas
Just a little more love ; Pop life
The best of
Participant observation : Middle Eastern dance in Stockholm
Dreamland
ZYX italo disco collection : the early 80s
Before, between, and beyond : three decades of dance writing
Afterimages
Facebook
The male dancer : body, spectacle, sexualities
Daft Punk : a trip inside the pyramid
Once upon a night. Vol. 3
Who are you?
Greatest hits
A choreographer's handbook
Pacific standard time
The next chapter
Ecstasy and the demon : the dances of Mary Wigman
The Queen
George Dance, architect 1741-1825
Are 100 objects enough to represent the dance? : zur Archivierbarkeit von Tanz
Shakedown
Dancing modernism/performing politics
Divine dancer : a biography of Ruth St. Denis
Your Move : a New Approach to the Study of Movement and Dance : Teacher's Guide
Perfect day
The Ultimate aural orgasm
The routledge dance studies reader
This study of the 1870 and 1890 Ghost Dance movements among North American Indians offers an innovative theory about why these movements arose when they did. Emphasizing the demographic situation of American Indians prior to the movements, Professor Thornton argues that the Ghost Dances were deliberate efforts to accomplish a demographic revitalization of American Indians following their virtual collapse. By joining the movements, he contends, tribes sought to assure survival by increasing their numbers through returning the dead to life. Thornton supports this thesis empirically by closely examining the historical context of the two movements and by assessing tribal participation in them, revealing particularly how population size and decline influenced participation among and within American Indian tribes. He also considers American Indian population change after the Ghost Dance periods and shows that participation in the movements actually did lead the way to a demographic recovery for certain tribes.
Hed Kandi the mix : winter 2004
Dodger : original mix
Dance and music of court and theater : selected writings of Wendy Hilton
The videos
Modern primitive
Focusing on the period from birth to eight years, Mollie Davies draws upon her knowledge and practical experience to present this study on childhood participation in dance and movement and the enormous benefits such activities bring.
Dances of Sweden
Alive : Kaisertown remix
Dance Production: Design and Technology introduces you to the skills you need to plan, design, and execute the technical aspects of a dance production. While it may not seem that staging a dance production is that different from a play or musical, in reality a dance performance offers up unique intricacies and challenges all its own, from scenery that accommodates choreography, to lighting design that sculpts the body, and costumes that complement movement. This unique book approaches the process of staging a dance production from a balanced perspective, making it an essential resource for dancers and designers alike. Covering a broad range of topics, author Jeromy Hopgood takes the reader through the process of producing dance from start to finish - including pre-production planning (collaboration, production process, personnel, performance spaces), design disciplines (lighting, sound, scenery, costumes, projections), stage management, and more. Bridging the gap between theatrical and dance design, the book includes a quick reference guide for theatrical and dance terminology, useful in giving dancers and designers a common working vocabulary that will ensure productive communication across the different fields.
Modernism's mythic pose : gender, genre, solo performance
Privilege, world biggest club, Ibiza
I saw it in her eyes
Influences of rhythm- and timbre-related musical features on characteristics of music-induced movement
The art of stage dancing
Underground 2015
Dance now 15.
A measured pace : towards a philosophical understanding of the arts of dance
The D.J. International Records anthology
Dance anecdotes : stories from the worlds of ballet, Broadway, the ballroom, and modern dance
The best of Mike Mareen
The beat is..
Winter and summer dance series in Zuñi in 1918
Cultural dynamics and minority identity in music : an ethnomusicological case study of the Swedish-Finnish popular music in the dancehalls of Gothenburg. (1)
Warrior
The fame monster
Trance world. Volume 8
How to DJ (properly) : the art and science of playing records
Moving mosaic : exploring collegial collaboration as a way of indentifying and transforming the culture of dance teaching
Clubland confidential : The fabulous rise and murderous fall of club culture
10 songs for girls & boys
Rihanna : the unauthorized biography
Dance deluxe : new & hot dance & techno hits
Dance dramaturgy : modes of agency, awareness and engagement
Celebration
Black Coffee
The Oxford dictionary of dance
Caribbean dance from abakuá to zouk : how movement shapes identity
Lady Gaga : the unauthorized biography
Defected presents most rated 2016
The city of musical memory : salsa, record grooves, and popular culture in Cali, Colombia
World history of the dance
Reading dancing : bodies and subjects in contemporary American dance
Moving in a landscape of an inter-disciplinary improvisation performance : ways of working and facilitating
New York : a mix odyssey
History elevate
Generation next
Syncope
Philosophical essays on dance : with responses from choreographers, critics and dancers
The drummer's guide to loop-based music : The essential reference for techno drum styles
Flying high
The record players : DJ revolutionaries
Subliminal winter sessions
Through The Eyes
Under the radar over the top
Energy flash : a journey through rave music and dance culture
From abuse to apostasy
AK-In her eyes
Dancing revelations : Alvin Ailey's embodiment of African American culture
Empire of ecstasy : nudity and movement in German body culture, 1910-1935
Updated
The blinding dark
Dancing in orbit
Big science
The collective
Kwakiutl dancing societies
The Hits & Beyond
Hard dance icons. 001 : Alex Kidd
The history of The JAMs a.k.a. The Timelords
The rough guide to Latin disco
Soundboy rock
The dance has many faces
Journey of the deep sea dweller. 4
Traxbox : the Trax records box set
Playing with something that runs : technology, improvisation, and composition in DJ and laptop performance
Far out jazz and afro funk: the definitive Brazilian & heavy afro funk collection
Another side
Dance, gender and meanings ; Contemporizing traditional dance : proceedings of the 26th Symposium of the ICTM Study Group on Ethnochoreology 2010 : Třešt', Czech Republic
Acid house : the true story
Nuclear power
All or nothing
The fame
The prophecy of Cristal Snow
Classics
Melancholydisco. 2
Dance production : design and technology
12 inch dance : chilled
Dancing from past to present : nation, culture, identities
Dances of Denmark
I don't play guitar
Around the world
Revisited : here, there, and beyond
Live at Royal Albert Hall 1998
Performing processes
Insomnia : the best of Faithless
The world of DJs and the turntable culture
The KLF : chaos, magic and the band who burned a million pounds
Back again : the greatest hits
The morris book
Movement and dance in early childhood
In this research I'm moving and exploring in a landscape of an inter-disciplinary improvisation performance. The  research is structured by choosing one performance which functions as a documented snippet of an ongoing interdisciplinary  improvisation practice and is a vehicle to analyse what sort of skills and knowledge enable and are  developed in that specific ongoing practice. I map out the validity of those skills and knowledge in relationship to  a dancer's know-how in a new paradigm of performing arts, as well as how to facilitate them and what sort of  philosophical and ethical notions and issues arise in such a facilitation process. The mode of this thesis is practicebased  art-pedagogical research.  I'm proposing that the skills and knowledge that enable inter-disciplinary improvisation, and that are  simultaneously developed in the practice, are a dancer's self–reflection and decision making process; a dancer's  own research and awareness of senses and perceptions; the awareness of interaction of performer(s) and audience  during a performance situation and the collaborative approaches towards learning and creating artistic work.  These skills and knowledge share similar terrain with the skills and knowledge of a dancer in a new paradigm of  performing arts, including the new paradigm of contemporary dance, defined by a performative shift.  In addition to these, what can be specifically drawn from inter-disciplinary improvisation practice is a dancer's  awareness of her/his inherent concepts that frame her/his perception in working situations, as well as discipline  specific inherent working practices and terminology that are taken as a given, yet come up for discussion and  reflection through inter-disciplinary work.  I'm proposing that these skills and knowledge can be facilitated and developed through dialogical and critical  pedagogical approaches that take in consideration notions of freedom, responsibility, artistic ownership, artistic  integrity, as well as a notion of wider socio-political landscapes that the work exists in.  In terms of practice based working methods that can facilitate this sort of skills and knowledge, there are many  routes. One possible way are the inter-disciplinary working methods introduced in this thesis, that emphasize  action-research based working cycles, working collaboratively both within a group, as well as in co-facilitating and  approaching a facilitation process as a not-yet-known situation. This mode of working approaches a teacher as an  active researcher and facilitator, who also engages in a process of self-reflection and dialogue.
Dance marathons : performing American culture of the 1920s and 1930s
The author's case is based on her doctoral dissertation in which she described and analysed the practice and meaning of Middle Eastern dance through the study of performers in Stockholm. This case study provides an account of how she used the method of participant observation in her ethnographic fieldwork, particularly the significance of her own participation in dance classes and performances.
Journey of the deep sea dweller. 3
One world
A game for dancers : performing modernism in the postwar years, 1945-1960
Wired
Britney : inside the dream : the biography
Hunting for the beat in the body: on period and phase locking in music-induced movement
Fingers, bank pads & shoe prints
We Shall Live Again : The 1870 and 1890 Ghost Dance Movements as Demographic Revitalization
Brightest lights
Dance and its music in America, 1528-1789
Perfecto breaks
Sample and hold : Attack decay sustain release remixed
What is dance? : readings in theory and criticism
The Haçienda : how not to run a club
House club. Selection 31
Celebration : United DJ's vs. Pandora
Above the drum : a study of visual imagery used to represent the changes in hip-hop
