http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14691 deism
deism
[History of British deism]. Christianity not mysterious
[History of British deism]. The oracles of reason
Natural religion and the nature of religion : the legacy of deism
[History of British deism]. A collection of the tracts of a certain free enquirer
Shaftesbury and the deist manifesto
Hume on God
[History of British deism]. A letter to the deists
Man-made morals : four philosophies that shaped America
Moses the Egyptian : the memory of Egypt in western monotheism
The Enlightenment and religion : the myths of modernity
Naming God today
A concealed God : religion, science, and the search for truth
Science and religion = Wissenschaft und Religion : proceedings of the symposium of the XVIIIth International Congress of History of Science at Hamburg-Munich, 1.-9. August 1989
For more than thirty years, The Universe Next Door has set the standard for a clear, readable introduction to worldviews. In this new fifth edition James Sire offers additional student-friendly features to his concise, easily understood introductions to theism, deism, naturalism, Marxism, nihilism, existentialism, Eastern monism, New Age philosophy and postmodernism. Included in this expanded format are a new chapter on Islam and informative sidebars throughout. The book continues to build on Sire's refined definition of worldviews from the fourth edition and includes other updates as well, keeping this standard text fresh and useful. In a world of ever-increasing diversity, The Universe Next Door offers a unique resource for understanding the variety of worldviews that compete with Christianity for the allegiance of minds and hearts. - Publisher
The Universe next door : a basic worldview catalog
Revolutionary deists : early America's rational infidels
Jonathan Edwards confronts the gods : Christian theology, Enlightenment religion, and non-Christian faiths
[History of British deism]. The moral philosopher
The sovereignty of reason : the defense of rationality in the early English enlightenment
[History of British deism]. Christianity as old as the creation
The faiths of the founding fathers
[History of British deism]. Reflections on the conduct of the modern deists
John Toland and the Deist controversy : a study in adaptations
Semiotics of religion : signs of the sacred in history
[History of British deism]. The usefulness, truth, and excellency of the Christian revelation
The rationality of theism
Essays on the context, nature, and influence of Isaac Newton's theology
