http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14646 history of religion
history of religion
The tragic story of witchcraft in America, from the infamous Salem witch trials to the present day - now told in full for the first time.
Chiefly covers the period from early to 1906.
The evolution of religion : an anthropological study
Ireland in the medieval world, AD400-1000 : landscape, kingship and religion
The Jews of medieval France : the community of Champagne
Discovering religious history in the modern age
A short history of religions
Prehistoric and primitive religions
Antichrist in seventeenth-century England : the Riddell Memorial Lectures forty-first series delivered at the University of Newcastle upon Tyne on 3, 4, and 5 November 1969
Religion for atheists : a non-believer's guide to the uses of religion
Myth and religion of the North : the religion of ancient Scandinavia
Science, religion and communism in Cold War Europe
Category formation and the history of religions
Dialogue in early South Asian religions : Hindu, Buddhist, and Jain traditions
The invention of satanism
Religions of ancient China
America bewitched : the story of witchcraft after Salem
The evolution of religion : the Gifford lectures delivered the university of St. Andrews in sessions 1890-91 and 1891-92. 1
The world's religions : understanding the living faiths
Religions of the Silk Road : overland trade and cultural exchange from antiquity to the fifteenth century
The gods of prehistoric man
And man created God : kings, cults and conquests at the time of Jesus
This Festschrift is dedicated to Professor Tarmo Kulmar on the occasion of his 65th birthday. The volume contains 23 papers from Tarmo Kulmar's friends, colleagues and students. The papers cover quite an extensive field of religious studies from archaeology and source text analysis to modern religious trends, politics, and the methodology of religious studies. All these are areas to which Professor Kulmar has contributed a great deal over more than 40 years of academic study.
The great Vohu Manah and the apostle of God : studies in Iranian and Manichaean religion
Studies in Mithraism : papers associated with Mithraic Panel organized on the occasion of the XVIth Congress of the International Association for the History of Religions, Rome 1990
Pagan survivals in Mohammedan civilisation
Papyrus British Museum 10808 and its cultural and religious setting
A syncretic history of religion : an integrated account of the evolution of religion from remote antiquity to the present day
History of religions
The book Asian Public Theology is inspired by the vision that the response to the multifarious problems facing this continent needs a reflection in public along with many partners; it may not be responded to by conventional or dominant theologies pursued within narrow confines. This book takes up issues of public concern in Asia, examines them with the help of many disciplines and reflects on them in the light of the humanistic vision and values of Christian message. It is a theology that is open to all religious traditions and secular ideologies which are also challenged by the critical issues of this continent. At a time when more and more people are drawn into the null spaces of social insensitivity and seduced by the glitz and glamour of globalisation and its consumerism, public theology as a critical intervention, takes on a prophetic character. Asian Public Theology acknowledges the agency of the subalterns, affirms their ethical sense, inspires courage and evokes hope in them to build a different Asia. This book also discusses the human and ethical responsibility of all to take up the cause of the marginalised.
Apuleius was a respected philosophus Platonicus in Late Antiquity and the Middle Ages. Until the middle of last century, he attracted the attention of scholars as a so-called 'Middle Platonist' author. Then, with the rejection of the historical schema that he had been situated in (the so-called 'school of Gaius', which we will treat shortly), his 'brother Alcinous was the object of studies and (even harsh) criticisms, while almost nothing more was written about Apuleius by anyone. Studies of Middle Platonism primarily accentuated the liberty of the philosophers of the 1st and 2nd centuries AD, who interpreted the doctrines of Plato without constituting a specific school. Due to this new vision of Middle Platonism, Apuleius' role was difficult to define. It is not uncommon to find that Apuleius the philosopher is completely neglected. The literary character, and especially the 'rhetorical' nature of some of his works and of his personality have probably hurt his reputation in philosophy. These aspects of his personality have however been ever more accentuated in the last few decades within the development of studies on Second Sophistics. Consequently not only have there been few scholars to show interest for Apuleius' philosophical doctrines, but those few who have the opportunity to almost manage his philosophical doctrines usually disregard his literary works. In this way one cannot understand the most specific aspect of his philosophy, which consists in a sort of intermingling of philosophy and literature (a typical attitude of Greek and Latin culture of the 2nd century AD), and above all, of religion and Platonism. The dichotomy between philosophy and literature that was normal in the 19th and 20th centuries therefore still persists in the case of Apuleius. Claudio Moreschini attempted in some way to fill this gap in his 1978 study on Apuleio e il Platonismo. It was obviously in vain. Accordingly, in this book he would like to reflect on the possibility of a synthesis between these two aspects.
Cults of Boiotia. 2, Herakles to Poseidon
A retrospective methodology for using Landnámabók as a source for the religious history of Iceland? : some questions
Atlas of world religions : a visual history of our great faiths
The Gods in retreat : continuity and change in African religions (the Nigerian experience)
Historicizing religion : critical approaches to contemporary concerns
Blood and land : the story of native North America
Brothers estranged : heresy, Christianity, and Jewish identity in late antiquity
The English reformation to 1558
History of religions. 1
A landmark work in which the six major, living, international world religions speak to readers in their own words. This magisterial Norton Anthology, edited by world-renowned scholars under the direction of Pulitzer Prize winner Jack Miles, offers a portable library of more than 1,000 primary texts from the world's major religions: Hinduism, Buddhism, and Daoism (Volume 1); Judaism, Christianity, and Islam (Volume 2). The anthology brings together foundational works—the Bhagavad Gita, the Daodejing, the Bible, the Qur'an—with the writings of scholars, seekers, believers, and skeptics whose voices over centuries have kept these religions vital. To help readers encounter strikingly unfamiliar texts with pleasure, this Norton Anthology provides accessible introductions, headnotes, annotations, pronouncing glossaries, maps, illustrations, and chronologies. It also includes a dazzling general introduction by Jack Miles that questions whether religion can be defined and illuminates how world religions came to be acknowledged and studied, absorbed and altered, understood and misunderstood. For readers of any religion or none, The Norton Anthology of World Religions opens new worlds that, as Miles writes, invite us all "to see others with a measure of openness, empathy, and good will... In that capacity lies the foundation of human sympathy and cultural wisdom." 48 pages of color illustrations.
Traversing eternity : texts for the afterlife from Ptolemaic and Roman Egypt
Apuleius and the Metamorphosis of Platonism
The atlas of world religions
Religions today : an introduction
World religions : a historical approach
The historical study of African religion
The scientification of religion : an historical study of discursive change, 1800-2000
This book studies the Jewish community of Champagne from the fifth century to the expulsion of 1306. It documents the growth and decline of the community, examines its interrelationships with the larger Christian culture, and presents a model for the study of other communities. The economic and political consolidation of the county, coupled with the development of Jewish self-government and a system of education in Talmudic law, were important factors in the growth of Champagne's Jewish community. The subsequent decline of the community in the mid-13th century was also attributable to economic and political factors, as well as a growing church influence. The Jews of Medieval France: The Community of Champagne also offers an in-depth analysis of women's place in the Jewish and gentile worlds of medieval France. Details and comparisons of women's status within the family and in business, and examples of attitudes toward women in literature and law are all thoroughly integrated into the text.
The Reformation
A history of religious ideas. 3, From Muhammad to the Age of Reforms
Religion in late Roman Britain : forces of change
Heterodoxy in late Imperial China
Religion in Iran : from Zoroaster to Baha'ullah
This book is a translation into English of La religion grecque by Louise Bruit Zaidman and Pauline Schmitt Pantel, described by Dr Simon Price as ‘an excellent book, by far the best introduction to the subject in any language’. It is the purpose of the book to consider how religious beliefs and cultic rituals were given expression in the world of the Greek citizen - the functions performed by the religious personnel, and the place that religion occupied in individual, social and political life. The chapters cover first ritual and then myth, rooting the account in the practices of the classical city while also taking seriously the world of the imagination. For this edition the bibliography has been substantially revised to meet the needs of a mainly student, English-speaking readership. The book is enriched throughout by illustrations, and by quotations from original sources.
A life in parables and poetry : Mishael Maswari Caspi : essays in memory of a pedagogue, poet, and scholar
Historical atlas of the islamic world
Religion, language and community in the Roman Near East : Constantine to Muhammad
Asian public theology : critical concerns in challenging times
Modern Chinese religion. I, Song-Liao-Jin-Yuan (960-1368 AD)
Samaritan religion from John Hyrcanus to Bara Rabba : a critical examination of the relevant material in contemporary Christian literature, the writings of Josephus, and the Mishnah
Studies in pharaonic religion and society in honour of J. Gwyn Griffiths
The sacred fire : the story of sex in religion
An introduction to the history of religion
Everyday religion : an archaeology of protestant belief and practice in the Nineteenth Century
The conversion of Lithuania : from pagan barbarians to late medieval Christians
A republic of mind and spirit : a cultural history of American metaphysical religion
The bibliography of Ludvigs Adamovics
Some contributions of south India to Indian culture
Basavesvara and his times
History of religion : a sketch of primitive religious beliefs and practices, and of the origin and character of the great systems
This paper describes and discusses nine different categories of 'indicators' that can be taken into consideration when assessing the historicity of accounts in Landnámabók. This presentation is specifically targeted at references to religion and religious practices in Iceland prior to the Christianization of the country. The methodological tools can be adapted to analyse other types of information, other texts, and other traditions.
History and religion : narrating a religious past
Megasthenes and Indian religion : a study in motives and types
The golden bough : a study in magic and religion
Faith and sword : a short history of Christian-Muslim conflict
"This volume investigates Deuteronomy's subversive intent within its social context, and reconsiders the relationship between Deuteronomy and Assyria, its relationship to ancient Near Eastern and biblical treaty and loyalty oath traditions, and the relevance of its treaty affinities to discussions of its date"--
Immigrants to the Pure Land : the modernization, acculturation, and globalization of Shin Buddhism, 1898-1941
A political & religious history of Bhutan, 1651-1906
The Great Religions of the Modern World : Confucianism, Taoism, Hinduism, Buddhism, Shintoism, Islam, Judaism, Eastern Orthodoxy, Roman Catholicism, Protestantism
Private religion at Amarna : the material evidence
"This book examines how the Ottomans and their empire were mapped in the narrative and visual imagination of the Christian kingdoms of early modern Europe. Simple paradigms of Muslim-Christian confrontation and the 'rise' of Europe in the seventeenth century do not suffice to explain the ways in which European mapping envisioned the "Turks" in image and narrative. Rather, maps, travel accounts, compendia of knowledge, and other texts created a picture of the Ottoman empire through a complex layering of history, ethnography, and eyewitness testimony which juxtaposed current events to classical and Biblical history; counted space in terms of peoples, routes, and fortresses; and used the land and seascapes of the map to assert ownership, declare victory, and embody the reach of imperial power. Maps here serve as centerpieces for a discussion of early modern space, time, borders, stages of travel, information flows, invocations of authority, and cross-cultural relations. The book is enriched throughout by examples of Ottoman self-mapping"--
Guide for a church under Islām : the sixty-six canonical questions attributed to Theodōros Balsamōn : a translation of the Ecumenical Patriarchate's twelfth-century guidance to the Patriarchate of Alexandria
Orthodoxy in Massachusetts 1630-1650
Lotus and laurel : studies on Egyptian language and religion in honour of Paul John Frandsen
In search of god the mother : the cult of Anatolian Cybele
Before and after Muḥammad : the first millennium refocused
Faiths across time : 5,000 years of religious history. Vol. 1-4
Europe's inner demons : the demonization of Christians in medieval Christendom
The national faith of Japan : a study in modern Shinto
Yahwe and the other gods
International journal of sino-western studies
The dawn and twilight of Zoroastrianism
The emergence of formative Judaism has traditionally been examined in light of a theological preoccupation with the two competing religious movements, 'Christianity' and 'Judaism' in the first centuries of the Common Era. In this book Ariel Schremer attempts to shift the scholarly consensus away from this paradigm, instead privileging the rabbinic attitude toward Rome, the destroyer of the temple in 70 C.E., over their concern with the nascent Christian movement. The palpable rabbinic political enmity toward Rome, says Schremer, was determinative in the emerging construction of Jewish self-identity. He asserts that the category of heresy took on a new urgency in the wake of the trauma of the Temple's destruction, which demanded the construction of a new self-identity. Relying on the late 20th-century scholarly depiction of the slow and measured growth of Christianity in the empire up until and even after Constantine's conversion, Schremer minimizes the extent to which the rabbis paid attention to the Christian presence. He goes on, however, to pinpoint the parting of the ways between the rabbis and the Christians in the first third of the second century, when Christians were finally assigned to the category of heretics.
Mapping the Ottomans : sovereignty, territory, and identity in the early modern Mediterranean
Memory and urban religion in the ancient world
Islam and the West : the making of an image
Approaches to the study of 'time' in the history of religions
The ancient gods : the history and diffusion of religion in the ancient Near East and the eastern Mediterranean
Studies in the making of the English protestant tradition : mainly in the reign of Henry VIII
Early Quaker writings 1650-1700
Religions of old Korea
Exploring Korea traditional and modern
Tibetan Zen : discovering a lost tradition
Major problems in American religious history : documents and essays
Churches under communism
When gods spoke : researchers and reflections on religious phenomena and artefacts : studia in honorem Tarmo Kulmar
The later Lollards 1414-1520
Kingship and the gods : a study of ancient Near Eastern religion as the integration of society & nature
Occult, witchcraft and magic : an illustrated history
The wisdom tree
Ethics of the great religions ; with some accounts of their origins, scriptures, & practices
Gods and men in Egypt : 3000 BCE to 395 CE
Islam beyond the violent jihadis : an optimistic Muslim speaks
"Simple paradigms of Muslim-Christian confrontation and the rise of Europe in the seventeenth century do not suffice to explain the ways in which European mapping envisioned the "Turks" in image and narrative. Rather, maps, travel accounts, compendia of knowledge, and other texts created a picture of the Ottoman Empire through a complex layering of history, ethnography, and eyewitness testimony, which juxtaposed current events to classical and biblical history; counted space in terms of peoples, routes, and fortresses; and used the land and seascapes of the map to assert ownership, declare victory, and embody imperial power's reach. Enriched throughout by examples of Ottoman self-mapping, this book examines how Ottomans and their empire were mapped in the narrative and visual imagination of early modern Europe's Christian kingdoms. The maps serve as centerpieces for discussions of early modern space, time, borders, stages of travel, information flows, invocations of authority, and cross-cultural relations"--
Avodat Israel and the "works of the law" in Paul
Israel and the Assyrians : Deuteronomy, the succession treaty of Esarhaddon, and the nature of subversion
A comprehensible universe : the interplay of science and theology
This is a study of Ireland's people, landscape and place in the world from late antiquity to the reign of Brian Bórama. It narrates the story of Ireland's emergence into history, using anthropological, archaeological, historical and literary evidence.
Religion in the mirror of law : Eastern European perspectives from the early modern period to 1939
Culture and the death of God
The other gods who are : studies in Elamite-Iranian acculturation based on the Persepolis fortification texts
The Roman Catholic Church
The rise of Mahāsena : the transformation of Skanda-Kārttikeya in North india from the Kuṣāṇa to Gupta empires
Fifty things you need to know about world history
A history of religion in Britain : practice and belief from pre-Roman times to the present
History of religions. 2, Judaism ; Christianity ; Mohammedanism
Death and Mortality - From Individual to Communal Perspectives
Becoming Muslim in mainland Tanzania 1890-2000
Hinduism and buddhism : an historical sketch : in three volumes. Volume III
An illustrated history of Ireland
Empire of the Dharma : Korean and Japanese Buddhism, 1877-1912
The Oxford Encyclopedia of Martin Luther
Asian religions in America : a documentary history
A companion to the Swiss Reformation
Kazakhstan : religions and society in the history of Central Eurasia
Kingship and the gods : a study of ancient Near Eastern religions as the intergration of society & nature
Neither East nor West : postcolonial essays on literature, culture and religion
International Organization for the Study of the Old Testament : 20th Congress of IOSOT : Helsinki, 1-6 August 2010
"A groundbreaking study of the lost tradition of Tibetan Zen containing the first translations of key texts from one thousand years ago. Banned in Tibet, forgotten in China, the Tibetan tradition of Zen was almost completely lost to us. According to Tibetan histories, Zen teachers were invited to Tibet from China in the 8th century, at the height of the Tibetan Empire. When doctrinal disagreements developed between Indian and Chinese Buddhists at the Tibetan court, the Tibetan emperor called for a formal debate. When the debate resulted in a decisive win by the Indian side, the Zen teachers were sent back to China, and Zen was gradually forgotten in Tibet. This picture changed at the beginning of the 20th century with the discovery in Dunhuang (in Chinese Central Asia) of a sealed cave full of manuscripts in various languages dating from the first millennium CE. The Tibetan manuscripts, dating from the 9th and 10th centuries, are the earliest surviving examples of Tibetan Buddhism. Among them are around 40 manuscripts containing original Tibetan Zen teachings. This book translates the key texts of Tibetan Zen preserved in Dunhuang. The book is divided into ten sections, each containing a translation of a Zen text illuminating a different aspect of the tradition, with brief introductions discussing the roles of ritual, debate, lineage, and meditation in the early Zen tradition. Van Schaik not only presents the texts but also explains how they were embedded in actual practices by those who used them"--
Religious beliefs and practices of North India during the early mediaeval period
Mythologies. Volume 2
Medieval Europe : a short history
The story of God
Songs of Zarathushtra : the Gathas
Public Zen, personal Zen : a Buddhist introduction
Paul and his interpreters : a critical history
Al dente : madness, beauty and the food of Rome
Religion and the rise of Western culture
The struggle of the Lithuanian Roman Catholic Church to save Vilnius archcathedral
Faithful narratives : historians, religion, and the challenge of objectivity
African traditional religion
The Norton anthology of world religions. Vol. 2, Judaism, Christianity, Islam
Essentials of Hinduism
Hinduism and buddhism : an historical sketch : in three volumes. Volume II
From the stone age to Christianity : monotheism and the historical process
The history and structure of Korean shamanism
Hinduism and buddhism
Athenian popular religion
Major world religions : from their origins to the present
This book will employ historical archaeological evidence to broadly examine the forces that fed the Second Great Awakening and how a range of communities responded to the activist religious fervor of the time.
The popes : a history
Trade routes and pilgrimage trails as a factor of integration : sanctuaries and cult
Egyptian religion the last thousand years : studies dedicated to the memory of Jan Quaegebeur
Religion in the ancient world : new themes and approaches
The illustrated encyclopedia of Islam : a comprehensive guide to the history, philosophy and practice of Islam around the world
The social life of hagiography in the Merovingian kingdom
Emperors and the Divine – Rome and its Influence
Cults of Boiotia. 3, Potnia to Zeus : cults of deities unspecified by name
Religious polemics in context : papers presented to the Second International Conference of the Leiden Institute for the Study of Religions (LISOR) held at Leiden, 27-28 April, 2000
Cults of Boiotia. 1, Acheloos to Hera
Facing diversity : the Evangelical Lutheran Church of Finland from 2004 to 2007
The history of religions : understanding human experience
History of Japanese religion : with special reference to the social and moral life of the nation
Wanáǧi Wachípi ki̧ : the ghost dance among the Lakota Indians in 1890
A brief history of angels and demons
The throne of Adulis : Red Sea wars on the eve of Islam
The wisdom of Israel
The Norton anthology of world religions
Mystical Islam : an introduction to Sufism
Divination, politics, and ancient Near Eastern empires
Belief and religion in barbarian Europe c. 350-700
The evolution of religion : the Gifford lectures delivered the university of St. Andrews in sessions 1890-91 and 1891-92. 2
Glocal history of Korean Buddhism
My Indian friends
Popular orthodoxy in late imperial rural Russia
The early Christian church
The sacred history : how angels, mystics and higher intelligence made our world
Religion in the ancient Greek city
