http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14642 biodynamic agriculture
biodynamic agriculture
Natural Wine : an introduction to organic and biodynamic wines made naturally
Agriculture for the future : biodynamic agriculture today 90 years since Koberwitz
The voice of Demeter : newsletter of the Demeter Association, Inc. for Certification of Biodynamic Agriculture
Organic agriculture : the credible solution for the XXIst Century: proceedings of the 12th international IFOAM scientific conference, November 15th-19th, 1998 Mar Del Plata/Argentina
Organic and fair trade wine in restaurants sales
Organic & wholefoods : naturally delicious cuisine
Organic, biodynamic and fair trade wines are the three certified wine categories in wine sales. Standards for organic and biodynamic concentrate more on the process of wine making, where as fair trade standards concentrate on the rights and fair pay of the wine workers.      The aim of this thesis is to find out the position, popularity and development of organic and fair trade wines on the wine lists of Finnish restaurants. The position of fair-trade wines will be compared to the position of organic wines, which have been on the market for a longer period. The literature review discusses topics such as organic, biodynamic and fair trade labels, ethical wine consumerism and restaurant wine sales. The empirical part introduces quantitative research on organic and fair trade wines in Finnish restaurants executed in survey form.     The survey is aimed to the sommelier, restaurant manager or the person in charge of wine in the restaurant The research was executed as an electronic survey sent to 289 restaurants all over Finland, during early spring 2010. The return rate of the survey was 40 percent with 117/289. A limitation to the results of the thesis was the low return rate of the survey and not all respondents answering to all of the questions.    Overall the results of the thesis give insight to the position of organic-, biodynamic- and fair trade wine in Finnish restaurants and how these three groups compare to each other in terms of representation, popularity and quality perceptions. The results of the research showed that organic wine was most popular in Finnish restaurants. A majority of 46 percent had one or two different organic labels. Overall attitudes about organic wine were very positive. Biodynamic wine was more popular than fair trade wine, with 45 percent of the restaurants that had biodynamic wine on offer. 23 percent of restaurants had fair trade wine on their wine list. Attitudes towards fair trade wine were still positive. Despite positive attitudes towards both organic and fair trade respondents were not planning on increasing the amount in their wine selection.
Botanica's pocket organic gardening
Organic farm management handbook. 2002/03
Organic gardening for dummies
Authentic wine : toward natural and sustainable winemaking
The 2nd Nordic meeting of researches and advisors on biological farming : collected papers of the seminar held in Mikkeli, Finland, November 9-12, 1988
The bug book : harmless insect controls
The Pfeiffer garden book : bio-dynamics in the home garden
The origins of the organic movement
The new organic grower : a master's manula of tools and techniques for the home and market gardener
The biodynamic food & cookbook : real nutrition that doesn't cost the earth
The urban homestead : your guide to self-sufficient living in the heart of the city
