http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1465 metallic ores
metallic ores metallic minerals
Geology and ore petrology of the Akanvaara and Koitelainen mafic layered intrusions and the Keivitsa-Satovaara layered complex, northern Finland
Hydrothermal vents and processes
An illustrated guide to rocks & minerals
Research and exploration - where do they meet? : excursion guidebook. B3, Gold and base metal deposits in Southwestern Finland
Introducing natural resources
Otto Tr체stedt Symposium in Finland on June 3-5, 1985
Metal deposits in relation to plate tectonics
Early proterozoic Karelian and Svecofennian formations and the evolution of the Raahe-Ladoga ore zone, based on the Pielavesi area, central Finland : by Elias Ekdahl
Heap bioleaching of low-grade multimetal sulphidic ore in boreal conditions
Magmatic Ni-Cu and PGE deposits : geology, geochemistry, and genesis
Mineral deposits and metallogeny of Fennoscandia
Analyzing the profitability of metal mining investments with system dynamic modeling and real option analysis
Geophysical signatures of mineral deposit types in Finland
Exploration for platinum-group element deposits
Research and exploration - where do they meet? : excursion guidebook. A4, Ore deposits in Eastern Finland
Chromium. Volume 2, Metallurgy of chromium and its alloys
Research and exploration - where do they meet? : excursion guidebook. B4, Ore deposits of the Kola Peninsula, Northwestern Russia
Source, transport and deposition of metals : proceedings of the 25 years SGA Anniversary Meeting Nancy / 30 August - 3 September 1991
Potential iron-titanium-vanadium, copper and nickel ore fields in Finland
The sampling and assay of the precious metals : comprising gold, silver, platinum, and the platinum group metals in ores, bullion, and products
Mining and quarrying in Finland
The CIS mining industry in a transition period : with special reference to Finnish mining prospects
Integrative procedure for environmental impact assessment, planning and management of non-ferrous metal mining operations in Nigeria
The copper-gold vein deposit of Kivimaa at Tervola, N-Finland
Best environmental practices in metal mining operations
From genetic concepts to practice : lithogeochemical identification of Ni-Cu mineralised intrusions and localisation of the ore
The identification of slags from archaeological sites
The challenge of finding new mineral resources : global metallogeny, innovative exploration, and new discoveries. Vol. 1-2
Fundamentals of metallogenic analysis
Guide to the post-symposium field trip, August 4-11, 1989 : PGE Research Project 1987 - 1989. Part 1 - 2, The Tornio - N채r채nk채vaara intrusion belt. - Kuhmo - Koli - Enonkoski sites
Ore mineralogy, geochemistry, and formation of the sediment-hosted sea floor massive sulfide deposits at Escanaba Trough, NE Pacific, with emphasis on the transport and deposition of gold
Earth resources and the environment
