http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14601 philology
philology
International encyclopedia of linguistics. Vol. 4, Semantic and lexical change-zulu
Man and the milieu : ecocritical analysis of Ernest Hemingway's "Big Two-Hearted River" and "Indian Camp"
Harvard studies in classical philology
Rabbi Abraham Ibn Ezra : studies in the writings of a twelfth-century Jewish polymath
Perspectives in humanities : keys for interdisciplinarity
I Germani e l'Italia = The early germanic peoples and Italy
Content management and interpersonal pragmatics in Ælfric's Catholic homilies
Greece & Rome. New surveys in the classics
From philology to English studies : language and culture in the nineteenth century
Language flexibility : the effects of Finnish-Swedish bilingualism on EFL acquisition
Speaking wounds : silence, self-injury and healing in Patricia McCormick's Cut
Old English newsletter
Contributed papers, mostly on Tamil language and literature.
Michigan Romance studies
Publications of the Department of English. C, Literary and cultural studies
In honour of professor Victor Levin : Russian philology and history
Ratio et res ipsa : classical essays presented by former pupils to James Diggle on his retirement
Two words to the wise : reflections on Polish language, literature, and folklore
Essays on aesthetics : perspectives on the work of Monroe C. Beardsley
Finnish summary.
Philology : the forgotten origins of the modern humanities
Rebuilding defenses : exploration in Norman Fairclough's theory of critical discourse analysis
English historical linguistics and philology in Japan
The Caroline Islands : travel in the sea of the little lands
This work provides an introduction to some of the important researchers, issues, and methodological and stylistic approaches in Yiddish and Jewish studies.
Filling the Gaps
From Byzantium to Iran : Armenian studies in honour of Nina G. Garsoïan
Epigraphy, philology, and the Hebrew Bible : methodological perspectives on philological and comparative study of the Hebrew Bible in honor of Jo Ann Hackett
Essays in Islamic philology, history and philosophy
Devadattīyam : Johannes Bronkhorst felicitation volume
Journal of the Department of Sanskrit
Lingua e cultura dei Goti = Language and culture of the Goths
Generic features of eighteenth century American runaway slave advertisements
Studies in Semitic and general linguistics in honor of Gideon Goldenberg
Chapters on the language in Ben Jonson's dramatic works
Individual crimes or a sociological phenomenon : a critical discourse analysis of the 2014 Royal Canadian Mounted Police national operational overview on missing and murdered indigenous women in Canada
Liminal monster and the conflict between human and machine : the Shrike in Dan Simmons' Hyperion and The Fall of Hyperion
Philologica : journal of comparative philology
"What is a paratext, and where can we find it in a Roman text? What kind of space does a paratext occupy, and how does this space relate to the text and its contexts? How do we interpret Roman texts 'paratextually'? And what does this approach suggest about a work's original modes of plotting meaning, or the assumptions that underpin our own interpretation? These questions are central to the conceptual and practical concerns of the volume, which offers a synoptic study of Roman paratextuality and its exegesis within the broad sphere of Roman studies. Its contributions, which span literary, epigraphic and visual culture, focus on a wide variety of paratextual features - e.g. titles and inter-titles, prefaces, indices, inscriptions, closing statements, decorative and formalistic details - and other paratextual phenomena, such as the frames that can be plotted at various intersections of a text's formal organization"--
Papers presented at the 12th World Sanskrit Conference, held at Helsinki during 14-18 July 2003.
Dravidian studies : selected papers
International encyclopedia of linguistics. Vol. 3, Mande languages-selection
Directions for Old Frisian philology
Danish contributions to classical scholarship, 1971-1991 : a bibliography
Learning English is fun! : incidental vocabulary acquisition of music and traditional class ninth graders via listening to pop songs
The correspondence of Edward Lye
Trends in Romance linguistics and philology. Vol. 2, Synchronic romance linguistics
Politics of Yiddish : studies in language, literature, and society
Re-interpretations of English : essays on language, linguistics and philology. (I)
Dais philēsistephanos : studies in honour of professor Staffan Fogelmark, presented on the occasion of his 65th birthday 12 April 2004
Wilson philological lectures : (on Sanskrit and the derived languages)
More than words? : an analysis on the language and structure of General Election manifestos of the British Labour Party 1983 - 2005
Boosting future prospects or softening promises of success? : the use of emphatics and hedging in the letter to shareholders sections of annual reports
The evolution of texts : confronting stemmatological and genetical methods : proceedings of the International Workshop held in Louvain-la-Neuve on September 1-2, 2004
Selected writings. 6, Early Slavic paths and crossroads, pt. 2 : Medieval Slavic studies
Philology : primary source edition
History of linguistics. Vol. 2, Classical and medieval linguistics
Proceedings of the Classical Association
Nietzsche and the philology of the future
Portfolio as an indicator of young learners' English proficiency in mainstream language instruction (EFL) and bilingual content instruction (CLIL)
The English language proficiency of 9th grade comprehensive school students in bilingual content and language integrated learning
The North in the Old English Orosius : a geographical narrative in context : lectio praecursoria
Linguistics and literature : language in the verbal arts of the world
Notes on literature
The powers of philology : dynamics of textual scholarship
The ethics of representation in fiction of Amitav Ghosh
To integrate or not : a comparison of the English skills of Finnish students in mainstream education and content and language integrated learning
Functions of language
Special language
Selected writings. 2, Word and language
Philological approaches to folklore
Beyond translation : essays toward a modern philology
Nowele : North-Western European language evolution
A manual of comparative philology : as applied to the illustration of Greek and Latin inflections
Astrological prognostications in MS Beinecke 558 : "Sonday prime drye wether"
Chinese philology and the scripts of Central Asia
Trends in Romance linguistics and philology. Vol. 3, Language and philology in romance
Old English scholarship and bibliography : essays in honour of Carl T. Berkhout
Trends in Romance linguistics and philology. Vol. 5, Bilingualism and linguistic conflict in Romance
The connectivity of musical aptitude and foreign language learning skills : neural and behavioural evidence
Finnish abstract.
Ethnography and Philology of the Hidatsa Indians
Puzzling out the past : studies in the Northwest Semitic languages and literature in honor of Bruce Zuckerman
Towards a synthesis? : essays on the new philology
Body, epistemology, interpretation : Friedrich Nietzsche and Karl Kerényi
Language as choice and chance
"By my Lords comand, I am to acquainte you" : an edition of the Seventeenth-Century correspondence of the Wentworth family in the Folger Shakespeare Library
Assessing the role of vocabulary breadth and depth in reading comprehension : a quantitative study of Finnish EFL learners
Technology and English studies : innovative professional paths
South-Indian horizons : felicitaion volume for François Gros on the occasion of his 70th birthday
From Latin to modern French with especial consideration of Anglo-Norman : phonology and morphology
Semiotics, romanticism and the scriptures
MLA international bibliography of books and articles on the modern languages and literatures
The meaning of nfš mt in The Old Testament
Critical discourse and linguistic variation : new investigation perspectives: receprions, analyses, openings : September 8-9, 2010 - Suecava, România
How to learn philology : a simple and introductory book for teachers and learners
Nordic journal of English studies
Historicization = Historisierung
Subjective criticism
On philology
Language, discourse, style : selected works of John McH. Sinclair
Interaction on the Page : Paratexts in two manuscripts of the Middle English Polychronicon
An Ong reader : challenges for further inquiry
History of classical scholarship
Catalan writing
Armenian philology in the modern era : from manuscript to digital text
English philological studies
In praise of the variant : a critical history of philology
Chūgoku shutsudo shiryō kenkyū = Studies on Chinese excavated materials. No. 3, special issue (dai 3 gō), Chu bamboo-scripts of Guodian
Journal of historical pragmatics
Her onginþ seo boc : on the loss and retention of grammatical gender in Early Middle English
"That you too were the I" : forms of polyphonic communication in John Ashbery's poetry
Bibliography of old Norse-Icelandic studies
Text and gloss : studies in insular learning and literature presented to Joseph Donovan Pheifer
Trends in Romance linguistics and philology. Vol. 1, Romance comparative and historical linguistics
A grammatical miscellany offered to Otto Jespersen on his seventieth birthday
Neophilologica Fennica : Société Néophilologique 100 ans = Neuphilologischer Verein 100 Jahre = Modern Language Society 100 years
English L2 learners' speech : and how the spoken language course affects its lexical richness
Yonas and Yavanas in Indian literature
Popular and practical science of medieval England
Proceedings of the Cambridge Philological Society
The Roman paratext : frame, texts, readers
Functional studies in language and literature
Shakespeare worldwide : translation and adaptation
Standing by words : essays
Review of English studies
International encyclopedia of linguistics. Vol. 2, Ethnography of speaking-mamfe languages
Selected writings. 8, Completion volume, 1 ; Major works, 1976-1980
The philological track
Indian grammars : philology and history
The future of the Middle Ages : medieval literature in the 1990s
Diagnosing gender : transitivity analysis on the diagnostic category of gender dysphoria in DSM-5
Defining the art of grammar : ancient perceptions of γραμματική and grammatica
Feeling vs. being like a domestic goddess : cookbooks and lifestyle choices
