http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14682 telepathy
telepathy
The empress game
Co-creation
Supernormal : science, yoga and the evidence for extraordinary psychic abilities
The book of kin
Hauntings : psychoanalysis and ghostly transmissions
The survival of man : a study in unrecognised human faculty
Who are we?
Sea of Ghosts
Don't even think about it
Monsters of men
Telepathy and literature : essays on the reading mind
The conscious universe : the scientific truth of psychic phenomena
Dead and gone
Entangled minds : extrasensory experiences in a quantum reality
Dead as a doornail
Testimony of light
Healing jewellery, thought transmitter jewellery & personal space jewellery : imaginary jewellery futures concepts combining technology and bioarts
Red Baron 2. Rain of blood
A teaspoon and an open mind : the science of Doctor Who
True blood omnibus. III :  All together dead ; From dead to worse ; Dead and gone
Animal voices : telepathic communication in the web of life
The bloody tournament to determine the new empress of the intergalactic empire may be over, but for exiled princess Kayla Reinumon, the battle is just beginning. To free her home planet from occupation, Kayla must infiltrate the highest reaches of imperial power. But when a deadly nanovirus threatens to ravage the empire, it will take more than diplomacy to protect her homeworld from all-out war.
Mind writer
The emissary
The invention of telepathy, 1870-1901
All together now
Tainted love
Fool's Errand
Haunted
The lion people : intercosmic messages from the future : incorporating the Paschat papers
Red Baron 3. Dungeons and dragons
The new civilisation
Dreamcatcher
Better late than never
The language of animals : steps to communicating with animals
True Blood Omnibus
The French quarter
Telepathic wanderers. Volume 1 / [translation Asuka Yoshizu] ; [English adaptation Stormcrow Hayes]
Dreamcatcher : a novel
Central Station
Ishmael : an adventure of the mind and spirit : a novel
Alternate chapters follow teenagers Todd and Viola, who become separated as the Mayor's oppressive new regime takes power in New Prentisstown, a space colony where residents can hear each other's thoughts.
Perfect lies
Deadlocked
Rebel heart
Living dead in Dallas
Communicating : the multiple modes of human communication
The psychic tourist : a voyage into the curious world of predicting the future
The ringing cedars of Russia
The Real Sherlock Holmes : the mysterious methods and curious history of a true mental specialist
Dead in the family
Cloak of war
Think of a number
Telepathy : an outline of its facts, theory, and implications
Red Baron 1. The machine gunners' ball
All together dead
The space of love
Communicationg with animals : how to tune into them intuitively
Dead reckoning
Rites of love
Modern experiments in telepathy
Definitely dead
Telepathic wanderers. Volume 4 / [translation Asuka Yoshizu] ; [English adaptation Stormcrow Hayes]
Telepathic impressions : a review and report of thirty-five new cases
Telepathy : genuine and fraudulent
The forever watch
You only love twice
The energy of life
Telepathic wanderers. Volume 3 / [translation Asuka Yoshizu] ; [English adaptation Stormcrow Hayes]
Two little girls in blue
The ask and the answer
Dead to the world : a Sookie Stackhouse novel
Mindreading : an integrated account of pretence, self-awareness, and understanding other minds
Dead to the world
The abyss beyond dreams : chronicle of the Fallers
The knife of never letting go
Four experiments of telepathic group communication of emotions
Pursued by power-hungry Prentiss and mad minister Aaron, young Todd and Viola set out across New World searching for answers about his colony's true past and seeking a way to warn the ship bringing hopeful settlers from Old World.
Treatise on parapsychology : essay on the scientific interpretation of the human phenomena known as 'supernatural'
Midnight's children
Telepathic wanderers. Volume 2 / [translation Asuka Yoshizu] ; [English adaptation Stormcrow Hayes]
From dead to worse
The encyclopedia of paranormal powers : discover the secrets of mind readers, mediums and more
The heretics : adventures with the enemies of science
As a world-ending war surges to life around them, Todd and Viola face monstrous decisions, questioning all they have ever known as they try to step back from the darkness and find the best way to achieve peace.
Sense and nonsense in psychology
