http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14600 fiction
fiction
Literature and possible worlds
You will know me : a novel
Star Trek as myth : essays on symbol and archetype at the final frontier
Relativism, alternate history, and the forgetful reader : reading science fiction and historiography
The Corpse Bridge
American self-conscious fiction of the 1960s and 1970s : Donald Barthelme, Robert Coover, Ronald Sukenick
If I was your girl
Oracle night
Stories, whether they are fact or fiction, popular or not, are a proven method of pedagogy. In the age of media convergence and with the advancement of technology, stories have morphed into new forms; however, their core purpose remains the same, which is to pass on knowledge and information.
Nodes of Contemporary Finnish Literature
An ember in the ashes
An Interview with Cynthia Masters : from 'The Orchestra Murders'
Fiction and the frontiers of knowledge in Europe, 1500-1800
Fiction 2000 : cyberpunk and the future of narrative
Hilda and the troll
Mostly harmless
The art of scandal : modernism, libel law, and the roman à clef
Maine = On the road to fame ; tuotantopäällikkö: Tiina Oikkonen ; ohjaaja, käsikirjoitus: Jani Pyylampi ; kuvaaja: Taneli Seppälä ; äänisuunnittelija: Erkka Varvio ; musiikki: Jukka Harju
Satin Island : a novel
Creta : the winged terror
History and fiction : writers, their research, worlds and stories
Wieland, or, The transformation : an American tale, with related texts
Murder of a small-town honey : a Scumble River mystery
John Fowles's fiction and poetics of postmodernism
"When we first meet U., the narrator of SATIN ISLAND, he is sitting in the airport at Turin, caught in a delay caused by a rogue airplane. Like everyone else in the waiting area, he is sifting through airport pages on his laptop, and then through news sites, social pages, corridors of trivia...until he happens to stumble on information about an image on a famous shroud in Turin. The image itself isn't even visible on the shroud; it only emerged when some amateur photographer looked at the negative of a shot he'd taken and saw the figure--Christ's body supine after crucifixion. Only in the negative: the negative became a positive. A few decades later when the shroud was radiocarbon dated, it turned out to come from no later than the mid-thirteenth century. But that didn't trouble the believers. Things like that never do. A "corporate ethnographer," U. is tasked with writing the Great Report. Yet at every turn, U. finds himself overwhelmed by the ubiquity of data, lost in a buffer zone and wandering through a crowd of apparitions. Meanwhile, Madison, the woman he is seeing, becomes increasingly elusive, much like the particulars in the case of the recent, highly-publicized parachutist's death, with which U. is obsessed. He also develops a perverse interest in oil spills, spending great amounts of time watching loops of clean up videos. As U. begins to wonder if perhaps the Great Report will remain a shapeless, oozing plasma, his senses are reawakened by an ominous dream of an apocalyptic cityscape. SATIN ISLAND is a novel that captures the way we experience the world today, our efforts to find meaning, to stay awake, and discern the narratives we think of as our lives"--
Spinster tales and womanly possibilities
Hellboy in hell. 2, Death card
"A street vendor in Tunisia, an American marine going home and a signals operator on a North Korean fishing trawler. From the battlefields of Afganistan to the streets of Mogadishu and Toronto, these are just a few of the stories in the issue of Granta that conjure the complexity and sorrow of life since 11 September 2001."
Metafiction
The silent history : a novel
Transfiction : research into the realities of translation fiction
Henry James' narrative technique : consciousness, perception, and cognition
Cumulated fiction index 1960-1969
Builder mouse
The appearance of print in eighteenth-century fiction
Enemy of mine
Fictions and fakes : forging Romantic authenticity, 1760-1845
Reading fiction with Lucian : fakes, freaks and hyperreality
Cosmographical glasses : geographic discourse, gender, and Elizabethan fiction
Fictitious authors and imaginary novels in French, English, and American fiction from the 18th to the start of the 21st century
The adventures of Tintin. Volume 7
Found
"The novel-essay emerged in France, in the last quarter of the nineteenth century, and reached its highest formal complexity in Austria and Germany, during the interwar period. The Novel-Essay, 1884-1947 focuses on this literary genre and makes the case that is crucial for a renovated understanding of the history of the novel in modernity. Stefano Ercolino frames the emergence of the novel-essay within the ideological crisis that fell upon the epistemological and symbolic apparatus of modernity in the last decades of the nineteenth century and culminated following the disasters first of World War I and subsequently of World War II."--Publisher.
The nearest thing to life
Hidden : the truth is relative
Young China : national rejuvenation and the bildungsroman, 1900-1959
The latest book in Stuart's Clark's series dramatising the history of astronomy. Based on the true story of Albert Einstein and George Lemaitre, the two men who forged our modern understanding of the cosmos / WorldCat.
Fuzzy coherence : making sense of continuity in hypertext narratives
Transfiguring transcendence in Harry Potter, His dark materials and Left behind : fantasy rhetorics and contemporary visions of religious identity
The poetic of the bit : the interpretation and textual processes of digital fiction from an ergodic semiotic perspective.
"Brooklyn Wainwright is a skilled surgeon. Sure, her patients might smell like mold and have spines made of leather, but no ailing book is going to die on her watch. The same can't be said of Abraham Karastovsky, Brooklyn's friend and former employer. On the eve of the celebration for his latest book restoration, Brooklyn finds her mentor lying a pool of his own blood. With his final breath, Abraham leaves Brooklyn a cryptic message, 'Remember the devil,' and smiles as she takes possession of his priceless, and supposedly cursed, copy of Goethe's Faust .... "--p. [4] of cover.
Philosophy and fiction : essays in literary aesthetics
Narrating the past : historiography, memory and the contemporary novel
Optiques : the science of the eye and the birth of modern French fiction
An introduction to fictional worlds theory
"The year is 1779, and Carlo Morelli, the most renowned castrato singer in Europe, has been invited as an honored guest to Eszterhaza Palace. With Carlo in Prince Nikolaus Esterhazy's carriage, ride a Prussian spy and one of the most notorious alchemists in the Habsburg Empire. Already at Eszterhaza is Charlotte von Steinbeck, the very proper sister of Prince Nikolaus's mistress. Charlotte has retreated to the countryside to mourn her husband's death. Now, she must overcome the ingrained rules of her society in order to uncover the dangerous secrets lurking within the palace's golden walls. Music, magic, and blackmail mingle in a plot to assassinate the Habsburg Emperor and Empress--a plot that can only be stopped if Carlo and Charlotte can see through the masks worn by everyone they meet"--
Mignon's afterlives : crossing cultures from Goethe to the twenty-first century
Unca Don and Unca Scrooge's guide to history : representation of the past in the Disney comics of Don Rosa
Firefight
The Polaris protocol
Batman. Volume 5, Zero year - dark city
Tradition and modernity : Cervantes's presence in Spanish contemporary literature
Fictionalizing the world : rethinking the politics of literature
Carry on
Three recent and commercially successful series of novels employ and adapt the resources of popular fantasy fiction to create visions of religious identity: J.K. Rowling's Harry Potter books, Philip Pullman's Dark Materials and Tim LaHaye and Jerry Jenkins' Left Behind series.The act of creating fantasy counter-worlds naturally involves all three stories in the creation of what Mike Gray terms “transfigurations of transcendence”: hopeful albeit paradoxical encodings of the ambiguous, non-observable reality whose primary locus in modern society is the societally extra-systemic human individual. Popular fantasy fiction turns out to involve acts of world-creation that are inherently religious and inherently paradoxical. A substantive examination shows that all three are involved in more or less intentional re-narrations of traditional Christian beliefs and narratives. The »atheist« His Dark Materials series does not deny but re-imagines the Christian visions of selfhood; the »traditionalist« Left Behind series does not simply replicate but modifies its own declared values; the apparent secularity of the Harry Potter series is shaped by its creative reception of Christian patterns and narratives. While the stories' visions of selfhood clearly clash, the basic paradoxes involved in their struggle to articulate transcendence expose significant parallels and a productive conversation with the Christian tradition. It is not simply that popular fantasy fiction is theologically relevant – the Christian Heilsgeschichte, too, proves to be highly relevant in popular culture. However, while far from obsolescent, models of religious identity in contemporary society require criticism and creativity – and, as evinced most powerfully in the Harry Potter stories, a flair for constructive engagement with paradox.
Blackbeard's headless body swam around his ship! : the fact or fiction behind pirates
The Mixquiahuala letters
Ten years later
"The call comes in from the shadowy Ternky Tower: 13 robberies, one on each floor, all the way up to the penthouse, where obnoxious importer Bevel Ternky has been relieved of the numbers garlanding the legendary Emerald Khroniker, his priceless, ancient clock. Readers must conduct their own investigations, scouring detailed illustrations for hidden clues and knotty puzzles"--Publisher.
Beatlebone
Eighteenth-century fiction holds an unusual place in the history of modern print culture. The novel gained prominence largely because of advances in publishing, but, as a popular genre, it also helped shape those very developments. Authors in the period manipulated the appearance of the page and print technology more deliberately than has been supposed, prompting new forms of reception among readers. Christopher Flint's book explores works by both obscure 'scribblers' and canonical figures, such as Swift, Haywood, Defoe, Richardson, Sterne and Austen, that interrogated the complex interactions between the book's material aspects and its producers and consumers. Flint links historical shifts in how authors addressed their profession to how books were manufactured and how readers consumed texts. He argues that writers exploited typographic media to augment other crucial developments in prose fiction, from formal realism and free indirect discourse to accounts of how 'the novel' defined itself as a genre.
Can fiction become fact? : the fiction-to-fact transition in recent theories of fiction
The adventures of Tintin. Volume 6
The raven king
"An innovative literary thriller about a generation of children born unable to create or comprehend language"--
An ember in the ashes : a novel
Komisario Morse. Box 7.
Book of souls
All the bright places
Gould's book of fish
Beloved magical creatures : conflicts of romance in Harry Potter fan fiction
"A richly-researched historical fantasy set in a real eighteenth-century Hungarian palace mingles taut political intrigue with a unique romance starring a castrato hero and a widowed noblewoman across rigid class lines"--
The novel-essay, 1884-1947
The wood beyond
Doctor Who : the Eleventh doctor archives. Volume 1
American political fictions : war on errorism in contemporary American literature, culture, and politics
The adventures of Tintin. 7.
The story of Antigone
The Girl named Luo Shan and other stories
Here's looking at you : Hollywood, film & politics
The prose of Sasha Sokolov : reflections on/of the real
Piglet's furry friends book
Narcissistic narrative : the metafictional paradox
Infinite ground
The last days of new Paris : a novella
Django Zorro : the official sequel to Django unchained
Ink and bone
Style and rhetoric of short narrative fiction : covert progressions behind overt plots
Fiction on the fringe : novelistic writing in the post-classical age
Homicide in hardcover
Amanda Hardy only wants to fit in at her new school, but she is keeping a big secret, so when she falls for Grant, guarded Amanda finds herself yearning to share with him everything about herself, including her previous life as Andrew.
Legal fictions
"In this spirited sequel to the acclaimed The Rook, Myfanwy Thomas returns to clinch an alliance between deadly rivals and avert epic - and slimy - supernatural war.  When secret organizations are forced to merge after years of enmity and bloodshed, only one person has the fearsome powers - and the bureaucratic finesse - to get the job done. Facing her greatest challenge yet, Rook Myfanwy Thomas must broker a deal between two bitter adversaries:  The Checquy - the centuries-old covert British organization that protects society from supernatural threats, and...  The Grafters - a centuries-old supernatural threat.  But as bizarre attacks sweep London, threatening to sabotage negotiations, old hatreds flare. Surrounded by spies, only the Rook and two women who absolutely hate each other, can seek out the culprits before they trigger a devastating otherworldly war.  Stiletto is a novel of preternatural diplomacy, paranoia, and snide remarks, from an author who "adroitly straddles the thin line between fantasy, thriller, and spoof " (Booklist)"--
Essentials of the theory of fiction
"I have another D/G pottering around in my brain" : identity construction on a Harry Potter fanfiction forum
Batman black and white. Volume 4
Siege and storm
Batman : death & the maidens
The kiss of deception
Amazing Spider-Man. Graveyard shift
Fact and fiction : literary and scientific cultures in Germany and Britain
Glorious outlaws : debt as a tool in contemporary postcolonial fiction
A thrilling tale that leads from ventriloquism and mania to a family murder and emotional breakdown, Charles Brockden Brown's "Wieland or The Transformation" (1798) ties revolutionary-era Gothic themes to struggles over the politics of Enlightenment on both sides of the Atlantic. This edition of "Wieland" includes Brown's "Memoirs of Carwin" the "Biloquist" and writings on Cicero, as well as his key essays on history and literature, and selections from contemporary German and other texts that figure in the novel's background and in the charged atmosphere of the late 1790s.
The Discworld atlas
Literature, analytically speaking : explorations in the theory of interpretation, analytic aesthetics, and evolution
Between truth and fiction : a reader in literature and Christian theology
The rough guide to The lost symbol : an unauthorized guide
Romance and its contexts in fifteenth-century England : politics, piety and penitence
Transmedia storytelling and the new era of media convergence in higher education
The life show
Six walks in the fictional woods
"Set within a notional art school in which the Rector's paranoid conceptual ideology has prohibited the making of objects, one student remains. Increasingly isolated in The School of Sculpture Without Objects and battling with institutional directives and solitary confinement, Addison Cole exercises the prohibition on making things by writing stories, in which the protagonists only meet through the creation of fantasy scenarios. These narrate a series of explicit encounters with texts, objects and artists. Authorial figures are reduced to their pornographic effect: Slavoj Zizek becomes a impotent sexual metaphor, Hegel a skeletal spectre, the anonymous 'Jay', Zizek's lactating Oedipal fantasy, the Rector a scrofulous, paranoid lech. Made up of inter-related but self-contained short stories, The Dark Object explores the tension between the restraint of narrative form, and the explosion of ontic instability. It aims not to subsume fantasy into the everyday, but rather demonstrate that everything is real, and the everyday is fantastical." --
A cat is chasing me through this book!
Memory man
A high-ranking member of a secret organization that battles supernatural forces wakes up in a London park with no memory, no idea who she is, and with a letter that provides instructions to help her uncover a far-reaching conspiracy.
Jeeves and the feudal spirit
Edgar the mouse is frustrated when his architectural and artistic creations, made from tasty leftovers, are gobbled up by other mice, until he finds the perfect solution. / WorlCat.
Reading frames in modern fiction
Half of a yellow sun
Before fiction : the ancien régime of the novel
Komisario Morse. Box 6.
Writing a novel and getting published for dummies
The first scholarly book treating the huge amount of recent and contemporary fiction set in the Age of Goethe and employing Goethe and other figures of the period as characters.
Readers and mythic signs : the Oedipus myth in twentieth-century fiction
The vampire chronicles collection. Volume I
The rogue : book two of  the Traitor spy trilogy
Simon vs. the homo sapiens agenda
Beach Babylon
Much ado about nonexistence : fiction and reference
The Rook
The Victorian novel dreams of the real : conventions and ideology
Deadpool : the world's greatest comic magazine!. [Vol. 1], Millionaire without a mouth
Masks and shadows
The day without yesterday
Introduction to Yugoslav literature : an anthology of fiction and poetry
Imagining the age of Goethe in German literature, 1970-2010
The writers in Granta 105 deal with a wide range of topics - from the vast historical fallout of the Spanish Civil War to the irrevocable trauma that follows the disappearance of a child, from the decline of the Irish priesthood to the rather less weighty matter of why pipe-smoking has all but died out - but all of them attempt to capture our feelings as we comprehend and come to terms with loss, and what comes after it.
The crossing
The hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy
Fantasy and mimesis : responses to reality in western literature
Constructive Mythopoetics in J. R. R. Tolkien's <em>Legendarium</em>
"A novel of Mata Hari's final days, as written by the woman herself while accused of espionage" --
The story of a new name
The adventures of Tintin. Volume 5
The Oxford handbook of the eighteenth-century novel
"This collection of essays on Star Trek brings together perspectives from scholars in fields including film, anthropology, history, American studies and Biblical scholarship, and examines the symbolism, religious implications, heroic and gender archetypes, and lasting effects of the Star Trek 'mythscape'"--Provided by publisher.
Plots unlimited : for the writer of novels, short stories, plays, screenplays and television episodes : a creative source for generating a virtually limitless number and variety of story plots and outlines
Autobiographies of others : historical subjects and literary fiction
The planiverse : computer contact with a two-dimensional world
Strindberg and fiction
Fangirl : a novel
Linguistic survival strategies in Geoffrey Chaucer's Clerk's tale, William Shakespeare's Othello and Elizabeth Cary's The tragedy of Mariam
The wilful princess and the piebald prince
The Gothic in contemporary interactive fictions
The creative writing coursebook : forty writers share advice and exercises for poetry and prose
Komisario Morse. Box 11.
The ABC's of Writing Fiction
Deadpool. Millionaire without a mouth
Socks for santa
The clock without a face : a Gus Twintig mystery
The obsidian throne
Translating fictional dialogue for children and young people
The spy : a novel
Woman on the edge of time
The dark object
Confessions of a young novelist
My brilliant friend
Robinson Crusoe
History meets fiction
Murder is binding : a Booktown mystery
Socially symbolic acts : the historicizing fictions of Umberto Eco, Vincenzo Consolo, and Antonio Tabucchi
Mortaxe : the skeleton warrior
This book offers a captivating new interpretation of Lucian as a fictional theorist and writer to stand alongside the novelists of the day, bringing to bear on his works a whole new set of reading strategies. It argues that the aesthetic and cultural issues Lucian faced, in a world of mimesis and replication, were akin to those found in postmodern contexts: the ubiquity of the fake, the erasure of origins, the focus on the freakish and weird at the expense of the traditional. In addition to exploring the texture of Lucian's own writing, Dr Ni' Mheallaigh uses Lucian as a focal point through which to examine other fictional texts of the period, including Antonius Diogenes' The Incredible Things Beyond Thule, Dictys' Journal of the Trojan War and Ptolemy Chennus' Novel History, and reveals the importance of fiction's engagement with its contemporary culture of writing, entertainment and wonder.
The goal : a process of ongoing improvement
During one of his several adventurous voyages in the 1600s, an Englishman becomes the sole survivor of a shipwreck and lives for nearly thirty years on a deserted island.
The wrath and the dawn
Subjected subcontinent : sectarian and sexual lines in Indian writing in English
W.G. Sebald's hybrid poetics : literature as historiography
The shadow of the wind : a novel
Many faces of Snoopy
Model Zero : why you are obsolete at almost every level and live largely in fiction
"Everything is possible in fan fiction" : the thrill of rewriting and reading according to Finnish fan fiction buffs
Jack the Ripper
Fictional technique in France 1802-1927 : an introduction
Figurative language
Those who leave and those who stay
Tuesday's gone
Terence Cave traces the afterlives of Mignon, an apparently minor character in Goethe's novel Wilhelm Meisters Lehrjahre, through the European cultures of the 19th and 20th centuries. The enigmatic and fascinating Mignon reappears in wide range of different works, mainly narrative fiction but also poetry, song, opera, and film.
Doctor Who : the tenth doctor. Vol. 1, Revolutions of terror
Shadow and bone
"This book offers a more complex understanding of Indian writing in English by focusing its analysis on Indo-Pakistani Partition fiction and novels written by women. The author gives a comprehensive outline of Partition novels in India, Pakistan, and Bangladesh written in English as well as an overview of the challenges in studying Partition literature and English translations of Partition novels in regional languages, in particular. Featured works include Rushdie's Midnight's Children, Bapsi Sidhwa's Ice-Candy-Man, Amitav Ghosh's Shadow Lines, Meena Arora Nayak's About Daddy, and Sujata Sabnis's A Twist with Destiny. The book then moves on to a study of novels by women writers such as Githa Hariharan, Kiran Desai, Anita Desai, and Arundhati Roy, exploring their perspectives on sexuality, the body, and the diaspora."--
The heart of Betrayal
Blue and Bertie
A tipper full of skinned limbs : fiction and the Northern Ireland Troubles
Rewritten literary classic : Pride and Prejudice and Zombies
The art of writing fiction
Shows about nothing : nihilism in popular culture from the Exorcist to Seinfeld
The thousandth floor
Adeline : a novel of Virginia Woolf
Walk the line
Fictions in science : philosophical essays on modeling and idealization
Petronius and the anatomy of fiction
Deaf child crossing
Writing to Vermeer
Retired Delta Force officer Brad Taylor returns with the third explosive installment in the Pike Logan thrillers. In retired Delta Force officer Brad Taylor's third Pike Logan thriller, a tentative peace between Israel and Palestine has been brokered by the United States. But the Taskforce a clandestine team operating outside of US law to protect the country from terrorism gets wind of an assassination attempt on the American envoy sent to solidify the treaty. The Taskforce must devote every resource to saving his life and preventing another bloody outbreak of violence. Taskforce operator Pike Logan and his partner, Jennifer Cahill, are charged with following the assassin's flimsy trail through the Middle East, a trail that becomes more muddled at every turn / WorldCat.
Sisters of the revolution : a feminist speculative fiction anthology
"Petronius' Satyricon, long regarded as the first novel of the western tradition, has always sparked controversy. This innovative reading of the surviving portions of the work shows how the Satyricon fuses the anarchic and the classic, the comic and the disturbing, and presents readers with a labyrinth of narratorial viewpoints. Victoria Rimell argues that the surviving fragments are connected by an imagery of disintegration, focused on a pervasive Neronian metaphor of the literary text as a human or animal body. Throughout, she discusses the limits of dominant twentieth-century views of the Satyricon as bawdy pantomime, and challenges prevailing restrictions of Petronian corporeality to material or non-metaphorical realms.
The president's last love
This 'novel' emerges as both very Roman and very satirical in its 'intestinal' view of reality."--BOOK JACKET.
The Flash. Season zero
Rebel of the sands
Cumulated fiction index 1945-1960 : (fiction index 3.)
Narcisa : our lady of ashes : a novel
Alice In Wonderland : the mad hatter's tea party
Reading fiction : a method of analysis with selections for study
The novel now : a student's guide to contemporary fiction
A Cindy book
The women from horse resting villa and other stories
Lost and found
