http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14678 dramaturgy
dramaturgy
Essential Dramaturgy: The Mindset and Skillset provides a concrete way to approach the work of a dramaturg. It explores ways to refine the process of defining, evaluating, and communicating that is essential to effective dramaturgical work. It then looks at how this outlook enhances the practical skills of production and new play dramaturgy. The book explains what a dramaturg does, what the role can be, and how best to refine and teach the skillset and mindset.
Shakespeare and the power of performance : stage and page in the Elizabethan theatre
Then what happens? : storytelling and adapting for the theatre
Dramaturgy in the making : a user's guide for theatre practitioners
Dramaturgy: A Revolution in Theatre is a substantial history of the origins of dramaturgs and literary managers. It frames the explosion of professional appointments in England within a wider continental map reaching back to the Enlightenment and eighteenth-century Germany, examining the work of the major theorists and practitioners of dramaturgy, from Granville Barker and Gotthold Lessing to Brecht and Tynan. This study positions Brecht's model of dramaturgy as central to the worldwide revolution in theatre-making practices, and it also makes a substantial argument for Granville Barker's and Tynan's contributions to the development of literary management. With the territories of play and performance-making being increasingly hotly contested, and the public's appetite for new plays showing no sign of diminishing, Mary Luckhurst investigates the dramaturg as a cultural and political phenomenon.
Recent shifts in the theatrical landscape have had corresponding implications for dramaturgy. The way we think about theatre and performance today has changed our approaches to theatre making and composition. Emerging new aesthetics and new areas of dramaturgical work such as live art, devised and physical theatre, experimental performance, and dance demand new approaches and sensibilities. New Dramaturgy: International Perspectives on Theory and Practice is the first book to explore new dramaturgy in depth, and considers how our thinking about dramaturgy and the role of the dramaturg has been transformed.
Sam Shepard : theme, image and director
Film directing fundamentals : see your film before shooting
The secret life of plays
Drama in performance
The practice of dramaturgy : working on actions in performance
Imaginative bodies : dialogues in performance practices
Developing Zeami : the Noh actor's attunement in practice
Wagner's Ring cycle and the Greeks
Alternative scriptwriting : beyond the Hollywood formula
Dramaturgy and dramatic character : a long view
Television from theatre : the impact of the functions of commercial network television upon television adaptations of stage plays, 1960-1985
Unsettling opera : staging Mozart, Verdi, Wagner and Zemlinsky
Verdi's theater : creating drama through music
An unfinished woman : a memoir
Dramaturgy : a revolution in theatre
Wagner and the art of the theatre
Dramaturgy in the Making maps contemporary dramaturgical practices in various settings of theatre-making and dance to reveal the different ways that dramaturgs work today. It provides a thorough survey of three major areas of practice - institutional dramaturgy, production dramaturgy and dance dramaturgy - with each illustrated through a range of case studies that illuminate methodology and which will assist practitioners in developing their own 'dramaturgical toolbox'. In tracing the development of the role of the dramaturg, the author explores the contribution of Lessing, Brecht and Tynan, foundational figures who shaped the practice. She excavates the historical and theoretical contexts for each strand of the work, uniquely offering a history of dance dramaturgy and its associated theories. Based on extensive research, the volume features material from the author's interviews with fifty eminent professionals from Europe and North America, including: Robert Blacker, Jack Bradley, DD Kugler, Ruth Little and Hildegard De Vuyst. Through these, a detailed and precise insight is provided into dramaturgical processes at organisations such as the Akram Khan Company, les ballets C de la B (Gent), the National Theatre and the Royal Court (London), the Schaubuhne (Berlin) and The Sundance Institute Theatre Lab (Utah), among others. Dramaturgy in the Making will prove indispensable to anyone working in theatre or wanting to better understand the dramaturgical processes in performance-making today.
Dramaturgy in Motion innovatively examines the work of the dramaturg in contemporary dance and movement performance. Katherine Profeta, a working dramaturg for more than fifteen years, shifts the focus from asking "Who is the dramaturg?" to "What does the dramaturg think about?" Profeta explores five arenas for the dramaturg's attention—text and language, research, audience, movement, and interculturalism. Drawing on her extended collaboration with choreographer and visual artist Ralph Lemon, she grounds her thinking in actual rehearsal-room examples and situates practice within theoretical discourse about contemporary dramaturgy. Moving between theory and practice, word and movement, question and answer until these distinctions blur, she develops the foundational concept of dramaturgical labor as a quality of motion. Dramaturgy in Motion will be invaluable to practitioners and scholars interested in the processes of creating contemporary dance and movement performance—particularly artists wondering what it might be like to collaborate with a dramaturg and dramaturgs wondering what it might be like to collaborate on movement performance. The book will also appeal to those intrigued by the work of Lemon and his collaborators, to which Profeta turns repeatedly to unfold the thorny questions and rich benefits of dramaturgical labor.
Rage and reason : women playwrightson playwriting
Television production handbook
Beckett in performance
Teaching scriptwriting, screenplays and storyboards for film and TV production
Writing great screenplays for film and tv
Master of the cinematic universe : the secret code to writing for a world of new media
Write a play and get it performed
Writing for emotional impact : advanced dramatic techniques to attract, engage, and fascinate the reader from beginning to end
Maverick screenwriting : a manual for the adventurous screenwriter
Cinematic diamonds : narrative storytelling strategies in short fiction film
The architecture of story : a technical guide for the dramatic writer
This volume will give lovers of opera as well as those studying the subject a comprehensive approach to the many facets of opera in the past and today.
Beyond the screenplay : a dialectical approach to dramaturgy
The art of drama teaching
The rhythm of thinking : immanence and ethics in theater performance
Drama and theatre studies at AS/A level
The process of dramaturgy : a handbook
Scoundrel time
Routledge drama anthology and sourcebook : from modernism to contemporary performance
The pleasures of structure : learning screenwriting through case studies
Imaginative Bodies contains a series of in-depth conversations with dancers and choreographers, composers, visual artists, Hip Hop artists, dramaturgs, a lighting designer and a puppeteer. The overall theme is defined by the body, both in relation to the place it takes in the artist's work, and in relation to wider debates on the body in philosophy, science, medicine, anthropology, and the arts. Depending on the affinities of the artist, a more specific theme has been defined for each dialogue, ranging from poetics to politics, from mythology to ecology, from intercultural studies to conflict management. The associative chains of thoughts of these talks give an intimate insight into the creative process, inspirations, sources, identity, and ways of collaborating. It is through the sentient body that we experience, know and imagine. Imaginative Bodies reaffirms the central position of the body in many artistic practices.
Scene by scene : film actors and directors discuss their work
Dramaturgical approach in cinema: elements of poetic dramaturgy in A. Tarkovsky's films
Drama performance in children's play-culture : the possibilities and significance of form
Dante as dramatist : the myth of the earthly paradise and the tragic vision in the Divine Comedy
Aristotle in Hollywood : the anatomy of successful storytelling
Alice in wonderland : the visual guide
Aristotle's poetics, story design and audience appeal : A story strength theory
Devising : a handbook of drama and theatre students
Texts on theatre
Genre : a guide to writing for stage and screen
Through his reading of primary and secondary classical sources, as well as his theoretical writings, Richard Wagner developed a Hegelian-inspired theory linking the evolution of classical Greek politics and poetry. This book demonstrates how, by turning theory into practice, Wagner used this evolutionary paradigm to shape the music and the libretto of the Ring cycle. Foster describes how each of the Ring's operas represents a particular phase of Greek poetic and political development: Das Rheingold and Die Walküre create epic national identity in its earlier and later stages respectively; Siegfried expresses lyric personal identity; and Götterdämmerung destructively culminates with a tragi-comedy about civic identity. This study sees the Greeks through the lens of those scholars whose work influenced Wagner most, focusing on epic, lyric, and comedy, as well as Greek tragedy. Most significantly, the book interrogates the ways in which Wagner uses Greek aesthetics to further his own ideological goals.
Ghost light : an introductory handbook for dramaturgy
A dictionary of theatre anthropology : the secret art of the performer
Brecht and method
3 uses of the knife : on the nature and purpose of drama
The drama of doctrine : a canonical-linguistic approach to Christian theology
Master of the Cinematic Universe is a guide to the future of trans-media storytelling. Content creators of every flavor are constantly needing to expand the mediums they can work in. This volume serves as a resource for using the timeless truths of story structure to craft established as well as up and coming short-form media formats.
Page to stage : the craft of adaptation
Toward a dramaturgical sensibility : landscape and journey
Dance dramaturgy : modes of agency, awareness and engagement
Dramaturgy in motion : at work on dance and movement performance
Stagecraft fundamentals : a guide and reference for theatrical production
Dramatic story structure : a primer for screenwriters
Armand Gatti in the theatre : wild duck against the wind
The field of drama : how the signs of drama create meaning on stage and screen
Dramaturgy in American theater : a source book
Theatre-making : interplay between text and performance in the 21st century
Script Analysis for Theatre: Tools for Interpretation, Collaboration and Production provides theatre students and emerging theatre artists with the tools, skills and a shared language to analyze play scripts, communicate about them, and collaborate with others on stage productions. Based largely on concepts derived from Stanislavski's system of acting and method acting, the book focuses on action - what characters do to each other in specific circumstances, times, and places - as the engine of every play. From this foundation, readers will learn to distinguish the big picture of a script, dissect and 'score' smaller units and moment-to-moment action, and create individualized blueprints from which to collaborate on shaping the action in production from their perspectives as actors, directors, and designers. Script Analysis for Theatre offers a practical approach to script analysis for theatre production and is grounded in case studies of a range of the most studied plays, including Sophocles' Oedipus the King, Shakespeare's Twelfth Night, Henrik Ibsen's Hedda Gabler, Georg Buchner's Woyzeck, Oscar Wilde's The Importance of Being Earnest, Tennessee Williams's A Streetcar Named Desire, and Paula Vogel's How I Learned to Drive, among others. Readers will develop the real-life skills professional theatre artists use to design, rehearse, and produce plays.
Dialogues with: Sue Buckmaster, Jonathan Burrows & Matteo Fargion, Rosemary Butcher, Dana Caspersen, Sidi Larbi Cherkaoui, Tim Etchells, Antony Gormley, Jonzi D & Soweto Kinch, Akram Khan, Ruth Little, Russell Maliphant & Michael Hulls, Alain Platel, Hofesh Shechter.
The play out of context : transferring plays from culture to culture
A room for three : an exercise in dramturgical adaptation for puppet theatre
New dramaturgy : international perspectives on theory and practice
The aesthetics and psychology of the cinema
Dan O'Bannon's guide to screenplay structure : inside tips from the writer of Alien, Totall recall & The return of the living dead
The dissertation is an artistic research project in the field of theater, with directing and theatrical composition and dramaturgy as its main points of focus. The critical exploration is based on the experience of conceptualizing and directing three different theater performances. The project is an attempt to explore the implications of the concept of immanence in the collective creative process of theater making. In particular, it is an effort to illuminate what might be called "processes of immanence" or "theater of immanence". The research is built around a net of questions, observations, and thoughts ranging from the experiences of collective creative processes and collaborative work with the performers, to academic criticism on discourses related to the fields of performance studies, philosophy and performance philosophy, perception theory, and musicology.The unfurling of this net is intended to contribute to the ideas and theories surrounding the relationship between the structural specifics of theater - dramaturgically and compositionally - and the aspects of meaning and affect. This formulation encapsulates a number of sub-areas to which the investigation aims to contribute with problematizing insertions, areas broadly defined as: transforming theories into concrete compositional and processual measures; developing dramaturgical discourses beyond semantic language; problematizing a binary relation between composition/conceptualization and an intuitive, emotional creative force; discussing how to enhance a readiness for variation in the performers; problematizing hierarchical structures, both in regards to the hierarchy of espressions, as well as creative influence; mapping out a thought process for a directorial practice: and finally, searching for a possible reciprocity between compositional structures and ethics.The investigated materials are theater performances but the critical treatment is mainly done through philosophical discourses, predominately represented by the French philosopher Gilles Deleuze (1925-1995), the Canadian philosopher Brian Massumi (b. 1956), and the Italian/Australian philosoher Rosi Braidotti (b. 1954).
Play-making : a manual of craftsmanship
The Routledge companion to dramaturgy
Theatre enters! : the play within the play as a means of disruption
A room for three : an exercise in dramaturgical adaptation for puppet theatre
Film : narration & seduction : a new European-American scriptwriting model
Starting drama teaching
Screenwriter's compass : character as true North
Theatre : a way of seeing
Text and performance : semiotic analysis for dramaturgy and the development of production concepts
Fantastic transmedia : narrative, play and memory across science fiction and fantasy storyworlds
What is dramaturgy?
Abstract.
Bertolt Brecht : chaos, according to plan
Into the woods : a five-act journey into story
Opera in perspective
Critical perspectives on media and society
In Then What Happens?, Mike Alfreds makes the case for putting story and storytelling back at the heart of theatre. He explores the whole process of adapting for the stage, and investigates the particular techniques - many of them highly sophisticated - that actors require when performing "story-theatre". The book includes over two hundred exercises, improvisations and workshops dealing with the practical aspects of story-theatre, such as building an ensemble, creating a physical vocabulary, and transforming written narrative into drama. It draws on examples ranging from traditional legends and folklore, through the works of Jane Austen, Charles Dickens and Evelyn Waugh, to contemporary fiction. Alfreds shows how each story demands its own particular set of dramatic choices, opening up endless possibilities for performance.
Stage writing
Michael Chekhov's to the director and playwright
So you want to be a playwright? : how to write a play and get it produced
Teatterin raunioilla : Valuma-alue - muistioita vapaudesta = On the theatresruins / toimittanut Virve Sutinen
Theatre studies : the basics
The many lives of Galileo : Brecht, theatre and translation's political unconscious
Overhearing film dialogue
Who are you?
Through his workshops and book The Dramatic Writer's Companion, Will Dunne has helped thousands of writers develop successful scripts. Now, in The Architecture of Story, he helps writers master the building blocks of dramatic storytelling by analyzing a trio of award-winning contemporary American plays: Doubt: A Parable by John Patrick Shanley, Topdog/Underdog by Suzan-Lori Parks, and The Clean House by Sarah Ruhl. Dismantling the stories and examining key components from a technical perspective enables writers to approach their own work with an informed understanding of dramatic architecture.
Christopher Marlowe, Renaissance dramatist
On directing and dramaturgy : burning the house
The Cambridge companion to opera studies
How to write great screenplays and get them into production
Vsevolod Pudovkin : selected essays
Carrots, sticks and black box : a guide for the practice of contemporary puppet theatre
The Oxford handbook of opera
Three uses of the knife : on the nature and purpose of drama
Narrators as playwrights : patterns of transformation
Writing in pictures : screenwriting made (mostly) painless
What makes tragedy tragic? What makes comedy comic? What does Much Ado About Nothing have in common with When Harry Met Sally? Seneca with Desperate Housewives? Goldoni with Frasier? In Genre: A Guide to Writing for Stage and Screen Andrew Tidmarsh explores these questions and more. Investigating how the relationship between form and content brings endless discoveries and illuminations about how narrative works, this entertaining and accessible book looks at how storytelling in film and theatre has evolved and how an appreciation of form can bring the writer, director or actor a solid foundation and a sense of security, which ultimately assists the creative process. Including genre-specific exercises in every chapter helping the reader to write and devise, Genre: A Guide to Writing for Stage and Screen is for all those with an interest in story and can be used by writers, actors and directors alike – whether students or experienced professionals – to make the blank page appear less terrifying.
Dramaturgy and performance
There is a growing interest in the notion and practice of dramaturgy, which is often discussed either as the work of the dramaturg, or as the compositional, cohesive or sense-making aspects of a performance. Drawing on such views, The Practice of Dramaturgy addresses dramaturgy as a shared, politicized and catalytic practice that sets actions into motion in a more speculative rather than an instructive way. In the first part, 'Dramaturgy as Working on Actions', the editors and main authors of the book discuss three working principles that lie at the heart of their proposition, and return to the etymology of the term 'dramaturgy' ('drama'=action and 'ergon'=work) in order to scrutinize this further by relating it to debates on action, work and post-Fordist labour. The second part, 'Working on Actions and Beyond', opens up to different artistic, social and political perspectives that such understanding of dramaturgy may give rise to, through contributions by guest authors.
The drama of everyday life
Contemporary new play dramaturgy structures and techniques : a report on current practices in the field of theatre for young audiences
Giacomo Torelli and baroque stage design
The theater experience
Into the woods : a five act journey into story
Oedipal sub/versions : a dramaturgical and folkloristic analysis
Script analysis for theatre : tools for interpretation, collaboration and production
Alternative scriptwriting : successfully breaking the rules
Staging the screen : the use of film and video in theatre
Essential dramaturgy : the mindset and skillset
Ten prominent dramaturg-scholars from three continents discuss complex dramaturgical approaches and advance proposals that reset notions of agency in contemporary dance creation. By drawing upon professional experience, cognitive and poststructuralist theory, and the work of international dance artists, they depart from tropes of anxiety in the existing discourse and present dramaturgy as a radically relational practice. Seen through their lenses, dance dramaturgy is not the territory of a dramaturg with privileged knowledge about composition; it is driven by artistic inquiry, distributed among collaborating artists, embedded in improvisation tasks, or weaved through layers of audience engagement. In turn, the dramaturg becomes an engaged and skilful facilitator of dramaturgical awareness who traces artistic inquiries and ways of working across a broad spectrum of projects and artists. This collection extends an invitation to complicate and advance key notions of dance dramaturgy and provides a rich source for dance and devising artists looking to examine and develop approaches to creation.
Dramatic character is among the most long-standing and familiar of artistic phenomena. From the theatre of Dionysus in ancient Greece to the modern stage, William Storm's book delivers a wide-ranging view of how characters have been conceived at pivotal moments in history. Storm reaffirms dramatic character as not only ancestrally prominent but as a continuing focus of interest. He looks closely at how stage figures compare to fictional characters in books, dramatic media, and other visual arts. Emphasis is sustained throughout on fundamental questions of how theatrical characterization relates to dramatic structure, style, and genre. Extensive attention is given to how characters think and to aspects of agency, selfhood, and consciousness. As the only book to offer a long view of theatrical characterization across this historical span, Storm's dramaturgical and theoretical investigation examines topics that remain vital and pertinent for practitioners, scholars, students of theatre and literature, and general audiences.
Toward a dramaturgy of Otherness in the theatre of Jean Genet
Writing the short film
New beginnings : knowledge and form in the drama of Bertolt Brecht and Dorothy Heathcote
Shakespeare's tragedies : an introduction
