http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14699 craniosacral therapy
craniosacral therapy
Foundations in craniosacral biodynamics. Volume two, The sentient embryo, tissue intelligence, and trauma resolution
"Biodynamic Craniosacral Therapy (BCST) is commonly seen as the spiritual approach to craniosacral therapy (CST); in fact, BCST as taught by Franklyn Sills, the pioneer in the field, is quite different from conventional CST. Biodynamic work is based on the development of perceptual skills where the practitioner learns to become sensitive to subtle respiratory motions called primary respiration and also to the power of spontaneous healing. Through the Breath of Life, which, Sills asserts, echoes the Holy Spirit in the Judeo-Christian tradition, bodhicitta in Buddhism, and the Tai Chi in Taoism, students of BCST learn to enter a state of presence oriented to the client's inherent ability to heal. In Foundations in Craniosacral Biodynamics, Sills offers students and practitioners an in-depth, step-by-step guide to the development of perceptual and clinical skills with specific clinical exercises and explorations to help students and practitioners learn the essentials of a biodynamic approach. Individual chapters cover such topics as holism and biodynamics; mid-tide, Long Tide, Dynamic Stillness and stillpoint process; the motility of tissues and the central nervous system; transference and the shadow; shamanistic resonances; and more"--Provided by publisher.
A somatic approach to well-being, biodynamic craniosacral therapy (BCST) is known for its gentleness and effectiveness in treating a variety of traumas and imbalances. BCST teacher Franklyn Sills emphasizes the suspensory nature of the human system, reviewing and deepening our understanding of the "three bodies", the physical, the fluid, and the tidal. Sills focuses on the earliest phases of life--the embryonic period and the pre and perinatal experience--and includes chapters devoted to birth, birth dynamics, and craniosacral approaches that treat both birth trauma and the tissue patterns it generates. A truly practical manual, Volume two closes with important information on the neurophysiology of stress and trauma and related craniosacral and verbal skills.
Foundations in craniosacral biodynamics. Volume one, The breath of life and fundamental skills
"A comprehensive guide to craniosacral therapy, which releases tensions in the body in order to improve physical and emotional health, complete with hands-on techniques, methods of evaluation, case examples, and over 120 instructional photos and illustrations"--Provided by publisher.
CranioSacral therapy : touchstone for natural healing
Atlas of manipulative techniques for the cranium & face
Cranial intelligence : a practical guide to biodynamic craniosacral therapy
The touch remedy : hands-on solutions to de-stress your life
Wisdom in the body : the craniosacral approach to essential health
SomatoEmotional release : deciphering the language of life
Craniosacral therapy for children : treatments for expecting mothers, babies, and children
