http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1467 location
location
The role of location in the international market selection in hotel business : Case: SOK Corporation
Studies on higher education choices and spatial labour markets
Network brand management : study of competencies of place branding ski destinations
Index herbariorum : a guide to the location and contents of the world's public herbaria. 2 (7), Collectors : Tt/mZ
World film locations. Dublin
Location decisions of international producer service sector companies in Helsinki metropolitan area (Finland)
Index herbariorum : a guide to the location and contents of the world's public herbaria. 2 (4), Collectors : M
The geography of small firm innovation
Systems of cities and facility location
Innovation, networks and localities
Japanese multinationals in the changing context of regional policy
The origins of the international competitiveness of firms : the impact of location and ownership in professional service industries
Cities of knowledge : Cold War science and the search for the next Silicon Valley
Location-based web search and mobile applications
World film locations. Istanbul
Application for a government decision-in-principle regarding the construction of a nuclear power plant as referred to in Section 11 of the Nuclear Energy Act (990/1987)
Decision processes and determinants of logistics facility locations - multinational corporations' perspectives
International trade agreements, environmental policy, and relocation of production
Space, location + regional development : University Symposium on Regional Science
World film locations. Berlin
Making business location decisions
The Competitiveness of Tampere Central Region in  Localization Decisions of ICT Companies
The geography of competition : firms, prices, and localization
Industrial networks and proximity
Terence Conran on restaurants
The paradigm of locational competition
Host country determinants and investment motives of Finnish FDI in the publishing sectors of Bulgaria and Romania : Case: Sanoma Magazines International
The geography of finance : spatial dimensions of intermediary behaviour
Production, places and environment : changing perspectives in economic geography
Summary.
New universities and regional context : papers from an international seminar held at Sundsvall, Sweden, 14-18 June, 1992
Operational theory and method in regional economics
Multinational location strategy
World film locations. Reykjavik
Global shift of foreign direct investments in R&D : China as a destination for pharmaceutical R&D
Determinants of manufacturing-R&D Co-location
Essays on the political economy of protection and industrial location
Place branding is happening. A new field of practice and study is in existence and whatever we choose to call it there can no longer be any doubt that it is with us. This collection of intuitive and well-reserached articles examines how places and regions see themselves, and how they reflect this in their branding.
Samenvatting en conclusies: Buurtverandering in centraal Budapest : een critisch-realistische analyse.
How to open a financially successful bed & breakfast or small hotel; with companion CD-ROM
The geography behind history
Location theory and decision analysis : analytics of spatial information technology
Store size and the central place hierarchy : A case study in Southwest Häme (Lounais-Häme), Finland
Locational changes of headquarters of multinational corporations : a theoretical study on the motives and reasons for relocating Finnish divisional headquarters abroad
Corporate residence and international taxation
Multinational firms and international relocation
Foundations of location analysis
Complexity and geographical economics : topics and tools
Equilibrium facility location on networks
Neighbourhood dynamics in inner-Budapest : a realist approach
The purpose of this thesis was to conduct a research concerning the stock location opti-mization in the warehouse of tire manufacturing facility for Goodyear EMEA, located in Colmar-Berg, Luxembourg. The main goal for the research was to find out and determine tires in the warehouse stock, which are so called fast movers defined by their volumes and shipping frequency and therefore determine optimal locations for these tires in order to enhance the logistics operations in the warehouse. The research was conducted by limiting the affiliated facilities in EMEA to only those, which manufac-ture truck tires in order to maintain proper scale for the research.  Theoretical framework of the research is divided respectively into two main parts. Part A explains the theory and analysis behind the stock location optimization from the local warehouse perspective and the process leading to stock location optimization research, which involved data analysis of stock movements which were compared to current stock locations. Part A therefore explains the activities and operations in Luxembourg facility and the analysis of the chosen tires, their volumes, shipping frequencies and their current stock location. Part B examines the external environment inside EMEA by focusing to the stock transfers and frequencies between other manufacturing facilities into Goodyear Luxembourg. Part B describes the relation between facilities and importance of analyzing the tire shipping between them and Luxembourg. Part segregation is for a reason to separate external and internal environments and demonstrate their interconnection to stock location optimization.  Quantitative research methods were mainly used to gather data to analyze stock movements, transfers and current stock, in order to determine the fast movers and their current locations. Analyzing was conducted primarily by Excel PIVOT tool and with coordination of Goodyear EMEA supply chain team.  The results from the research lead to implementation of new stock locations for variety of tires, which was the eventual tangible goal set by employing company, Goodyear S.A. The research works also as a template and guidebook for future stock location optimization in the GDTO Luxembourg.
PPM star catalogue : positions and proper motions of 197179 stars south of -2.5 degrees declination for equinox and epoch; J2000.0. Vol. 3, Zones -00[sup aste] to -20[sup aste]
World film locations. Beijing
Economies of scale, transport costs, and location
The embedded firm? : prelude for a revided geography of enterprise
Index herbariorum : a guide to the location and contents of the world's public herbaria. 2 (1), Collectors : A-D
Location, location, location : a plant location and site selection guide
Location strategy and patterns : an empirical investigation of the Soviet pulp and paper industry
The regional economics of knowledge and talent
The Esri guide to GIS analysis. Vol. 3, Modeling suitability, movement, and interaction
Regional concentration, trade and welfare
New perspectives on public services : place and technology
Developing of research and development strategy framework in capital intensive industries
Location theory
EthniCity : geographic perspectives on ethnic change in modern cities
International organizations and their host states : aspects of their legal relationship
Factory positioning in an unpredictable environment : a managerial view of manufacturing strategy formation
Index herbariorum : a guide to the location and contents of the world's public herbaria. 2 (3), Collectors : I-L
Theory of markets : trade and space-time patterns of price fluctuations : a study in analytical economics
Does distance matter? : on geographical dispersion in organisations
Spatial perspectives on industrial organization and decision-making
The locational decision - a function of profitability? revisited
Regions in competition : strategies for industrial FDI in the Helsinki Region, Finland. Summary report
Nonlinear evolution of spatial economic systems
Location, housing and premises in a dynamic perspective
Office location in a post-industrial urban environment
Russian special economic zones as targets for foreign direct investment
World film locations. Paris
Southwest Finland as a location for foreign-based companies
Ultrastructural localization of monoclonal antibodies against Pneumocystis carinii
Regions in competition : strategies for industrial FDI in the Helsinki Region, Finland
Place marketing and branding : success factors and best practices
Choosing foreign location for a greenfield investment from the Baltic Sea region : viewpoint of a Finnish log building company
Regional location factors in international producer services
Geographic personal data, its privacy protection and prospects in a location-based service environment
Index herbariorum : a guide to the location and contents of the world's public herbaria. 2 (5), Collectors : N-R
Regional analysis and development
Does distance matter in deposit supply? : a bank-level study
Geography of market centers and retail distribution
Corporate geography : business location principles and cases
On the location of agriculture in Finland
Long-term ecological research : an international perspective
Comparative analysis of two department stores : case Veljekset Keskinen Ltd and Gekås
Plant location decision-making
Trading industries, trading regions : international trade, American industry and regional economic development
Determining the best location of carbon dioxide sensor
Effects of unemployment on new firm formation : micro-level panel data evidence from Finland
Agglomeration economies in the Finnish manufacturing sector
Location theory. 1
Places : identity, image and reputation
Economics of agglomeration : cities, industrial location, and regional growth
Industrial location : an economic geographical analysis
General guidelines for starting up a new Marinetek production unit : case: Romania
Economic restructuring and political response
Seaport location in northern Finland
An evolutionary approach for locating economic facilities
Distance and store choice : with special reference to out-of-town shopping
Finland : the republic farthest north : the response of finnish life to its geographic environment
Economic geographies : circuits, flows and spaces
A natural history of place in education
Do networks in the stock exchange industry pay off? : European evidence
Store location analysis and the mystery of consumer spatial behaviour : competition between downtown shopping areas and out-of-town shopping centres as a special case
World film locations. London
Landscapes of the mind : a contextual approach to Finnish rock-art
Adherence to the home-country location of corporate headquarters : narratives of cultural identity, and resource-based pragmatism of globalising Finnish MNCs : location factors and managers' mutual knowledge networks in the Helsinki region
The determinants of location choice of foreign direct investments
Retailing : critical concepts. Vol. 1, The evolution and development of retailing
User-centred privacy aspects in connection with location[-]based services
Industrial location : principles, practice and policy
PPM star catalogue : positions and proper motions of 197179 stars south of -2.5 degrees declination for equinox and epoch; J2000.0. Vol. 4, Zones -30[sup aste] to -80[sup aste]
Theory of the location of industries
Stock location optimization : case: Goodyear-Dunlop Tires Operations S.A
Korkeakoulun sijainti kaupunkirakenteessa = Locating the university in the urban structure
Explorations in the new economic geography
Location theory. 2
Environmental policy and location behaviour of firms : a synopsis of the micro and regional economics literature
Retailising space : architecture, retail and the territorialisation of public space
Globalism/localism at work
Selective replacement between species of wood-rotting basidiomycetes : a laboratory study
Abstract.
The potential of location intelligence solutions in Finland : towards combining geographical information system and business intelligence
Regional planning and location of industry
Impact of uncertainty on location
Spatial clustering and industrial competitiveness : studies in economic geography
The restaurant : from concept to operation
Attraction and repulsion : modelling interfirm interactions in geographical space
Index herbariorum : a guide to the location and contents of the world's public herbaria. 2 (2), Collectors : E-H
Do firms benefit from spatial proximity? : testing the relation between spatial proximity and the performance of small software firms in the Netherlands
Site analysis : a contextual approach to sustainable land planning and site design
Lost or not? : designing and evaluating user interfaces of mobile map services : the viewpoint of supporting users' location awareness
Representation of auditory space in human cortex
Allocation in space : production, transport and industrial location
World film locations. Madrid
Forestry and the satisfaction of needs in three Nepalese villages
The A B C ́s of site selction : how to pick winners and avoid losers
Smart futures meet northern realities: anthropological perspectives on the design and adoption of urban computing
Location Science
Agglomeration in a core-periphery model with vertically and horizontally integrated firms
The service economy : a geographical approach
Lentiviral integrase-fusions : genomic interactions, site selection and cellular delivery of heterologous proteins
Costing tool in logistics planning
Strategic outsourcing of R&D : the location-specific advantages of India to the pharmaceutical industry
Locational changes of headquarters of multinational corporations : a study on the motives and reasons for relocating Finnish divisional headquarters abroad
World film locations. Tokyo
The atlas of holy places and sacred sites
Macroeconomic uncertainty : international risks and opportunities for the corporation
Location economics : theoretical underpinnings and applications
Multinational firms, technology and location
Soviet pulp and paper industry : factors explaining its areal expansion
Principle and application progress in location-based services
This original and instructive new book defines and explores the concept of knowledge as the talent, skills, know-how and understanding embodied in individuals. The distinguished contributors advance the current research frontier in three novel directions which focus on: the role of human capital and talent for creativity, entrepreneurship and regional development; the role of institutions for the behaviour of firms and entrepreneurs; and the influence of the global context on the location, export and innovation behaviour of firms in a knowledge economy. They also address critical questions that underpin the emerging knowledge economy: Why does human capital and talent tend to agglomerate in large urban regions? How does this agglomeration affect the location of different types of economic activities? How does this agglomeration affect regional growth? Presenting the state-of-the-art in the field of knowledge economics, this book will prove a stimulating and challenging read for scholars and researchers with an interest in economics, business and management, and regional and urban studies.
When is regional 'beautiful'? : implications for knowledge flows, entrepreneurship and innovation
