http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14694 ecofeminism
ecofeminism
Pp. 159-189: Bibliography.
Here the potential strengths and weaknesses of the growing ecofeminist movement are critically assessed by scholars in a variety of academic disciplines and vocations, including anthropology, biology, chemical engineering, education, political science, recreation and leisure studies, sociology, and political organizing.
Wo(men) and Bears : the gifts of nature, culture and gender revisited
Ecofeminism : feminist intersections with other animals and the earth
Developing ecofeminist theory : the complexity of difference
Ecofeminist natures : race, gender, feminist theory, and political action
Wilderness into civilized shapes : reading the postcolonial environment
International perspectives in feminist ecocriticism
Rethinking civilisation in a European feminist context : history, nature, women in Elin Wägner's Väckarklocka
Ecofeminism and globalization : exploring culture, context, and religion
Environmental politics : new geographical and social constituencies
Environmental education for the 21st century
Radical ecology : the search for a livable world
Main currents in western environmental thought
New directions in ecofeminist literary criticism
In Nature Ethics: An Ecofeminist Perspective, Marti Kheel explores the underlying worldview of Onature ethics,O offering an alternative ecofeminist perspective. She focuses on four prominent representatives of holist philosophy: two early conservationists (Theodore Roosevelt and Aldo Leopold) and two contemporary philosophers (Holmes Rolston III, and transpersonal ecologist Warwick Fox). Kheel argues that in directing their moral allegiance to abstract constructs (e.g. Ospecies,O Othe ecosystem,O or Othe transpersonal SelfO) these influential nature theorists represent a masculinist orientation that devalues concern for individual animals. Seeking to heal the divisions among the seemingly disparate movements and philosophies of feminism, animal advocacy, environmental ethics, and holistic health, Kheel proposes an ecofeminist philosophy that underscores the importance of empathy and care for individual beings as well as larger wholes.
Religion, ecology & gender: East-West perspectives
Ecofeminism and rhetoric : critical perspectives on sex, technology, and discourse
Beyond animal rights : a feminist caring ethic for the treatment of animals
The feminist care tradition in animal ethics : a reader
Ecofeminist approaches to early modernity
Ecofeminist Natures is the first book-length historical treatment of ecofeminism as a social movement - from its development in the 1980's as an antimilitarist movement to an internationalist ecofeminism in the 1990's.
Sacred earth, sacred community : jubilee, ecology and aboriginal peoples
Green political thought
Gender and natural resource management : livelihoods, mobility and interventions
While the creation of Dolly the sheep, the world's most famous clone, triggered an enormous amount of discussion about human cloning, in Dolly Mixtures the anthropologist Sarah Franklin looks beyond that much-rehearsed controversy to some of the other reasons why the iconic animal's birth and death were significant. Building on the work of historians and anthropologists, Franklin reveals Dolly as the embodiment of agricultural, scientific, social, and commercial histories which are, in turn, bound up with national and imperial aspirations. Dolly was the offspring of a long tradition of animal domestication, as well as the more recent histories of capital accumulation through selective breeding, and enhanced national competitiveness through the control of biocapital. Franklin traces Dolly's connections to Britain's centuries-old sheep and wool markets (which were vital to the nation's industrial revolution) and to Britain's export of animals to its colonies - particularly Australia - to expand markets and produce wealth. Moving forward in time, she explains the celebrity sheep's links to the embryonic cell lines and global bioscientific innovation of the late twentieth century and early twenty-first.
Breaking the boundaries : towards a feminist, green socialism
Animals and Women is a collection of pioneering essays that explores the theoretical connections between feminism and animal defense. Offering a feminist perspective on the status of animals, this unique volume argues persuasively that both the social construction and oppressions of women are inextricably connected to the ways in which we comprehend and abuse other species. Furthermore, it demonstrates that such a focus does not distract from the struggle for women's rights, but rather contributes to it. This wide-ranging multidisciplinary anthology presents original material from scholars in a variety of fields, as well as a rare, early article by Virginia Woolf. Exploring the leading edge of the species/gender boundary, it addresses such issues as the relationship between abortion rights and animal rights, the connection between woman-battering and animal abuse, and the speciesist basis for much sexist language. Also considered are the ways in which animals have been regarded by science, literature, and the environmentalist movement. A striking meditation on women and wolves is presented, as is an examination of sexual harassment and the taxonomy of hunters and hunting. Finally, this compelling collection suggests that the subordination and degradation of women is a prototype for other forms of abuse, and that to deny this connection is to participate in the continued mistreatment of animals and women.
Ecological feminist philosophies
Eco-sufficiency & global justice : women write political ecology
Ecological thinking : the politics of epistemic location
Staying with the trouble : making Kin in the Chthulucene
Written by one of the leading thinkers in environmentalism, Earthcare brings together Merchant's existing work on the topic of women and the environment as well as updated and new essays. Earthcare looks at age-old historical associations of women with nature, beginning with Eve and continuing through to environmental activists of today, women's commitment to environmental conservation, and the problematic assumptions of women as caregivers and men as dominating nature.
Gilbert & Gubar's The madwoman in the attic after thirty years
The author reclaims the patristic Christological use of perichoresis by showing how in bringing together different entities, such as God and Nature in unity as the one person of Christ, we can acknowledge the perichoresis between divine human and nature. Christological perichoresis supports the idea that the whole creation is included in God's recreated cosmos, in response to the redeeming power of Christ who entered the web of life as a creature. Trinitarian relationships bear a Christological message for intentional openness towards the other. Thus ecofeminism can be considered from a Christ. The author reclaims the patristic Christological use of perichoresis by showing how in bringing together different entities, such as God and Nature in unity as the one person of Christ, we can acknowledge the perichoresis between divine human and nature. Christological perichoresis supports the idea that the whole creation is included in God's recreated cosmos, in response to the redeeming power of Christ who entered the web of life as a creature. Trinitarian relationships bear a Christological message for intentional openness towards the other. Thus ecofeminism can be considered from a Christian view, realizing Christ's cosmic role in the salvation of the entire cosmos.
Teaching North American environmental literature
Hope for the suffering ecosystems of our planet : the contextualization of christological perichoresis for the ecological crisis
Ecofeminism and systems thinking
"This pioneering study is the first full-length treatment of feminism and the environment in children's literature. Drawing on the history, philosophy and ethics of ecofeminism, it examines the ways in which post-apocalyptic landscapes in young adult fiction reflect contemporary attitudes towards eco-crisis and human responsibility. Identifying the neoliberal discourses of individualism and self-advancement that 'feminise' categories lying outside the parameters of the adult white male, it explores the ways in which contemporary young adult authors attempt to develop a sustainable ethic of care that can encompass 'feminised' peoples and spatialities, including nonhumans and the environment. With particular reference to the ways in which global processes are mapped onto the local landscape, it advocates a poetics of earth to replace the disengaged planetary consciousness often engendered through crisis. This study lays forth various transformative responses to eco-crisis at a time of escalating global concern over the environment. Discussing a range of contemporary texts and authors, including The Hunger Games trilogy by Suzanne Collins and Meg Rosoff's How I Live Now, this engaging book offers a significant contribution to children's literature studies."--Publisher's website.
Ecofeminism : women, animals, nature
Eco-theology
Environmental crisis in young adult fiction : a poetics of earth
Animals and women : feminist theoretical explorations
Environmental ethics
Ecofeminist philosophy : a western perspective on what it is and why it matters
Ecofeminism and environmental ethics : an analysis of ecofeminist ethical theory
Describing a revolution : the philosophy of animal ethics
Beyond mothering earth : ecological citizenship and the politics of care
A political ecology of women, water and global environmental change
Longing for running water : ecofeminism and liberation
Somatic ecology : somatics, nature, humanity and the human body
Nature ethics : an ecofeminist perspective
The future of environmental criticism : environmental crisis and literary imagination
Feminist perspectives on environment and society
Gaia & God : an ecofeminist theology of earth healing
Talking environment : Vandana Shiva in conversation with Ramin Jahanbegloo
Handbook of ecocriticism and cultural ecology
Earthcare : women and the environment
In Beyond Animal Rights, Josephine Donovan and Carol J. Adams introduced feminist "ethic of care" theory into philosophical discussions of the treatment of animals. In this new volume, seven essays from Beyond Animal Rights are joined by nine new articles-most of which were written in response to that book-and a new introduction that situates feminist animal care theory within feminist theory and the larger debate over animal rights. Contributors critique theorists' reliance on natural rights doctrine and utilitarianism, which, they suggest, have a masculine bias. They argue for ethical attentiveness and sympathy in our relationships with animals and propose a link between the continuing subjugation of women and the human domination of nature. Beginning with the earliest articulation of the idea in the mid-1980s and continuing to the theory's most recent revisions, this volume presents the most complete portrait of the evolution of the feminist-care tradition.
Sacred custodians of the earth? : women, spirituality, and the environment
Environmental ethics : an introduction to environmental philosophy
Truth or dare : encounters with power, authority, and mystery
In the midst of spiraling ecological devastation, multispecies feminist theorist Donna J. Haraway offers provocative new ways to reconfigure our relations to the earth and all its inhabitants. She eschews referring to our current epoch as the Anthropocene, preferring to conceptualize it as what she calls the Chthulucene, as it more aptly and fully describes our epoch as one in which the human and nonhuman are inextricably linked in tentacular practices. The Chthulucene, Haraway explains, requires sym-poiesis, or making-with, rather than auto-poiesis, or self-making. Learning to stay with the trouble of living and dying together on a damaged earth will prove more conducive to the kind of thinking that would provide the means to building more livable futures. Theoretically and methodologically driven by the signifier SF - string figures, science fact, science fiction, speculative feminism, speculative fabulation, so far - Staying with the Trouble further cements Haraway's reputation as one of the most daring and original thinkers of our time.
Ecofeminism
Healing the wounds : the promise of ecofeminism
Beginning theory : an introduction to literary and cultural theory
Leading feminist scholars and activists as well as new voices introduce and explore themes central to contemporary ecofeminism. Ecofeminism: Feminist Intersections with Other Animals and the Earth first offers an historical, grounding overview that situates ecofeminist theory and activism and provides a timeline for important publications and events. This is followed by contributions from leading theorists and activists on how our emotions and embodiment can and must inform our relationships with the more than human world. In the final section, the contributors explore the complexities of appreciating difference and the possibilities of living less violently. Throughout the book, the authors engage with intersections of gender and gender non-conformity, race, sexuality, disability, and species. The result is a new up-to-date resource for students and teachers of animal studies, environmental studies, feminist/gender studies, and practical ethics.
Gender : in world perspective
Dolly mixtures : the remaking of genealogy
Undomesticated ground : recasting nature as feminist space
Ecocriticism and women writers : environmentalist poetics of Virginia Woolf, Jeanette Winterson, and Ali Smith
Feminist ecocriticism : environment, women, and literature
Nature, culture and gender : re-reading the folktale
