http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14628 density
density
Variation in the density of wood of different Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris L.) and Norway spruce (Picea abies L. Karst.) origins in provenance tests
Modelling the causes of deforestation in the Philippines
The role of van der Waals interactions in the case of H2 adsorption on ruthenium (0001) surface
Growth and survival of douglas-fir and western redcedar planted at different densities and species mixtures
Effects of forest management and climate change on energy biomass and timber production with implications for carbon stocks and net CO2 exchange in boreal forest ecosystems
CRC handbook of census methods for terrestrial vertebrates
The spatial and temporal extension of a landsat thematic mapper production bog surface density calibration
Effects of density of young Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris) stand on moose (Alces alces) browsing
Investigations on the basic density of Finnish pine, spruce and birch wood
To determine the effects of some environmental factors on rutin content of common buckwheat, an experiment was conducted in split-split-plot, based on RCBD design with three replications. The relative humidity (mist and non-mist treatments), irrigation (20 and 40 mm/m² treatments) and plant density (33.3 and 100 plants/m² series) were performed. Results showed that the rutin content was significantly affected by single and interaction effects of the factors studied at the 0.01 level of probability, so that, in the case of rutin content, mist and irrigation of 20 mm/m² and 100 plant/m² treatments showed high concentration. The greatest content of rutin was obtained from treatments comprising non-mist, 20 mm/m² water irrigation and 100 plants/m².
The interaction between the length of a dry spell and leaf area index on grain yield of pearl millet (Pennisetum glaucum)
Association between amount and source of dietary protein intake with bone mineral density among elderly women
Herbivore optimization by North American elk : consequences for theory and management
The effect of fertilization on the basic density of Scots pine (Pinus silvestris L.) : a densiometric study on the X-ray chart curves of wood
Effect of antihypertensive drugs on blood pressure during exposure to cold:experimental study in normotensive and hypertensive subjects
Wood density within Norway spruce stems
Pinus contorta growth in boreal Sweden as affected by combined lupin treatment and soil scarification
Eimeria-parasites are associated with a lowered mother's and offspring's body condition in island and mainland populations of the bank vole
On the properties of one-year shoots of Betula pubescens Ehrh. and Salix spp
Growth rate and wood properties of Norway spruce cutting clones on different sites
VLSI design : a practical guide for FPGA and ASIC implementations
The emergence of Halocladius variabilis (Staeger) (Diptera: Chironomidae) in the surroundings of the Tvärminne Biological Station in the northern Baltic Sea
Residential area and health:a study of the Northern Finland Birth Cohort 1966
On geoclimatic variation in basic density of Scots pine wood
Thermal, hormonal and cardiovascular responses to single and repeated nonhypothermic cold exposures in man
Growth and wood property traits in narrow crowned Norway spruce (Picea abies f. pendula) clones grown in southern Finland
Peat soil properties related to degree of decomposition under different land use systems
Variation in structure and selected properties of Finnish birch wood : I Interrelationships of some structural features, basic density and shrinkage
The impact of predator abundance on grouse populations in Finland - a study based on wildlife monitoring counts
Understanding selective reduction reactions with heterogeneous Pd and Pt : climbing out of the black box
Effects of genotype, spacing and environmental conditions on the growth and wood and fibre properties in Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris L.)
Effects of high-impact training and detraining on femoral neck structure in premenopausal women : a Hip Structural Analysis (HSA) of an 18-month randomized controlled intervention with a 5-year follow-up
Effect of functional loading on remodelling in canine, and normal and collagen type II transgenic murine bone
Spatial and temporal variation in larval density of coregonids and their consequences for population size estimation in Finnish lakes
Impliactions of genotype, provenance and spacing on tree growth, wood density and fibre properties in Norway spruce
Water content and bulk density of peat
Performance analysis of cognitive radio networks and radio resource allocation
Cereals : determinations of bulk density, called "mass per hectolitre". Part 1, Reference method
Survival and early seedling growth of conifers with different shade tolerance in a Sitka spruce spacing trial and relationship to understorey light climate
Improving the properties of wood by surface densification
Interpretations of the gravity anomaly map of Finland
Impacts of forest harvesting related soil disturbance on end-of-rotation wood quality and quantity in a New Zealand radiata pine forest
Computational studies of chemical looping combustion materials and CO2 activating surfaces
On the basic density of plantation-grown Norway spruce = Viljelykuusikoitten puuaineen tiheydestä
The effects of confinement on demography and spacing behaviour in the bank vole Clethrionomys glareolus
Effects of forwarder tyre pressure on rut formation and soil compaction
Novel pulse-echo ultrasound methods for diagnostics of osteoporosis
The effect on stand development of different spacing after planting and precommercial thinning in Norway spruce (Picea abies (L.) Karst.) and Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris L.) stands
Development and application of enzymatic substrate feeding strategies for small-scale microbial cultivations:applied for <em>Escherichia coli</em>, <em>Pichia pastoris</em>, and <em>Lactobacillus salivarius</em> cultivations
Establishment and height development of harvested and naturally regenerated Scots pine near the timberline in North-East Finnish Lapland
Characteristics of the seedling flora in alpine vegetation, subarctic Finland. 2, Floristic similarity between seedling flora and mature vegetation
Competition in young stands of Norway spruce and Scots pine
Growth and recruitment of burbot (Lota lota)
Gauge theory phase diagrams from holography
The size of breeding territory in an urban population of the blackbird (Turdus merula) in Szczecin (NW Poland)
Evaluation of saffron (Crocus sativus L.) production in Italy : effects of the age of saffron fields and plant density
Associations between life satisfaction, depression, antidepressant use, and bone
Initial fertilisation, when the fertilizer is supplied during the plantation, is applied to improve the competitive ability of the seedlings and hence to increase their growth and productivity; however, fertilization could also alter wood properties and timber quality. In this study, the dimensions and tree-ring parameters - width, proportion of latewood, maximum and mean density, mean earlywood and latewood density - of initially fertilized (by 14, 6 and 11 g of N, P and K per seedling, respectively) Norway spruce (Picea abies Karst.) growing in an experimental plantation in Kalsnava, Latvia (temperate climate region) were assessed. The fertilization significantly increased the dimensions of trees in long-term (ca. 17% increase of stemwood volume). The analysis of tree-ring width suggested that the duration of the effect was ca. 15 years. The maximum and latewood density were higher for the fertilized trees only in a few years. The mean and earlywood density of tree-rings were mainly similar for both treatments. Altogether, considering the one-time application of a limited amount of fertilizer, such treatment had notable and lasting effect on Norway spruce..
Deep structure of the earth's crust along the SVEKA profile and its extention to the north-east
Industrial pressure, level & density measurement
Differences in fibre properties in Scots Pine (Pinus sylvestris L.) genetic entries grown at different spacing and sites
The role of body size in multispecies systems
Effect of mist, irrigation and plant density levels on rutin content of common buckwheat (Fagopyrum esculentum Moench.)
Yield formation of spring rye at high latitudes with reference to seeding rate and plant growth regulation
Differences in growth and wood density traits in Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris L.) genetic entries grown at different spacing and sites
Sawn timber properties of Scots pine as affected by initial stand density, thinning and pruning : a simulation based approach
The bulk density of peat and its determination
Verzweigungssystem, Benadelung und Nadelfall der Fichte (Picea abies) = Branching system, needle fall and needle density of Norway Spruce (Picea abies)
Does competition affect the occurrence of multiple paternity in bank voles (Clethrionomys glareolus)?
Novel X-ray-based methods for diagnostics of osteoarthritis
Atlas temperatury, solenosti i plotnosti vody Tihogo okeana = Atlas of temperature, salinity and density of wayer in the Pacific Ocean
Further analysis of wood density in Eucalyptus grandis grown in Zambia
Havutukkien painomittauksen edellytyksiä puutieteelliseltä kannalta = Wood science prerequisites for the weight measurement of pine and spruce logs
Spherically symmetric inhomogeneous cosmological models
Wood science prerequisites for the weight measurement of pine and spruce logs.
Removal of alkylthiols from gold surface : molecular dynamics simulations in density functional theory
Variation in soil nutrient concentrations and bulk density within peatland forest sites
Circumferential variation in wood density in radiata pine
Abstract.
Advances in ecological research : Vol. 28. 28
Effects of a second stimulus not requiring a response : replication and reanalysis
The effect of solar radiation and air temperature on basic density of Scots pine wood
Modelling variation of needle density of Scots pine at high latitudes
Theoretical study of the oxidation of a pure and alloyed copper surface
Effect of regeneration method on growth, wood density and fibre properties of downy birch (Betula pubescens Ehrh.)
Group selection
Characteristics of the seedling flora in alpine vegetation, subarctic Finland. 1, Seedling densities in 15 plant communities
Leaf photosynthesis of Betula albosinensis seedlings as affected by elevated CO2 and planting density
Is the universe open or closed?
Markers of subclinical atherosclerosis in metabolic syndrome and erectile dysfunction : arterial elasticity, oxidized LDL, fibrinogen and resting heart rate
Reduced volumetric bone mineral density and geometric properties of tibia in hip fracture patients
Variation in water retention characteristics of peat growth media used in tree nurseries
Summary.
Monogamy in free living Microtus oeconomus : commentary
Computed tomography and ultrasound methods for simultaneous evaluation of articular cartilage and subchondral bone
Intruder pressure explains more of the variation in territory size than fish abundance for red-necked grebes (Podiceps grisegena) breeding on small boreal lakes
Bone adaptation to impact loading—Significance of loading intensity
Physiological determinants and assessment of stress and recovery among media workers
Allometry of body size and abundance in 166 food webs
Habitat distribution of the mallard in relation to vegetation structure, food and population density
Effects of genetic entry and spacing on growth and wood properties in Norway spruce
Physical properties of peat samples in relation to shrinkage upon drying
Microclimate studies in uniform shelterwood systems in the Sub-Boreal Spruce zone of central British Columbia
Association between Intensity of Information and Communication Technology usage and Quality of Sleep Among School-aged children
Genetic variation of wood density and its components and their relationships with growth traits in young Norway spruce (Picea abies (L.) Karst) : implications for breeding
Wood : determination of density for physical and mechanical tests
Obesity and bone mineral measurements in postmenopausal women
The estimation of densities of nematode populations in soil and plants
The relative solid content of Finnish pulpwood and the factors affecting it.
Predication of regeneration success and wood properties in naturally regenerated stands of scots pine
"Media work is a good example of working life in modern 24/7 society. Time pressure and cognitive strain due to overflow of media inputs enhance job strain. New technology requires constant learning and implementation of new working modalities. Employees might continue work-related activities at home and outside the workplace. This may lead to overcommitment and extension of the real working time. Irregular shift work is common. Sudden changes in information flow, technical problems and alterations in team resources may hinder recovery and increase stress. On the other hand high demands may increase the well-being, if the worker can use the skills and has good job control. Self-assessments of stress and well-being combined with physiological measurements help us also to identify work-related and personal factors that could explain good or poor recovery." -- (Back Cover)
Occupancy and abundance of Little Owl Athene noctua in an intensively managed forest area in Biscay
Parasitism rate by the common cuckoo Cuculus canorus increases with high density of host's breeding pairs
Flock composition, agonistic behaviour and body condition of wintering Bullfinches Pyrrhula pyrrhula
Some factors affecting the quantitative determination of aerobic bacteria in forest humus
A simple device for sampling of volumetric forest soil cores
Future wood and fibre sources : case North Carelia in eastern Finland
Pipe section raw material quality measurements and quality's effect on runnability
The effects of ridging, row-spacing and seeding rate on carrot yield
Effects of early thinning regime and tree status on the radial growth and wood density of Scots pine
Kiln drying of Siberian Larch (Larix sibirica) timber
Structural complexity and social cohesion in gregarious animals : from conflict to cooperation
Measurement of bone exercise:osteogenic features of loading
Determining stem distribution by relascope and fixed sample plots in diverse stands
Improvement of recombinant protein production in shaken cultures:focus on aeration and enzyme-controlled glucose feeding
Fluctuation patterns of different developmental stages of Helicoverpa armigera (Lepidoptera: Noctuidae) on chickpea (Cicer arietinum) and their relationship with the environment
High density of bird and pest species in urban habitats and the role of predator abundance
Effect of tree social status on basic density of Norway spruce
Properties of ammonium nitrate based fertilisers
In order to establish profitable saffron (Crocus sativus L.) crops in the Mediterranean countries, information on cultural management factors such as the lifespan and the optimal plant density is needed. Two experiments were conducted, one for four consecutive years 2003-2006 (Experiment 1) and another in 2004 (Experiment 2) at the experimental station of ARSIAL located in Alvito (Frosinone), central Italy, to investigate the effect of the age of saffron fields (one, two, three or four years) and the influence of plant density [three low density (P1 76, P2 91 and P3 93 corms m²), three medium density (P4 111, P5 114 and P6 119 corms m) and three high density (P7 139, P8 143 and P9 179 corms m²)] on the productivity of saffron under open-field conditions. The saffron grew, flowered and produced successfully when the two-year crop cycle was adopted, whereas in the three-year treatment the spice yield was lower and declined drastically after four years. Yields of saffron recorded in the current experiment were 7.2, 15.2, 11.3 and 3.3 kg ha for the one-, two-, three- and four-year cycle treatments, respectively. The number of flowers per square metre observed in the two- and three-year treatments (avg. 370) was significantly higher by 112% and 174% in comparison with the number of flowers recorded in the annual and four-year treatments, respectively. The highest dry spice was observed in the two medium (P4 and P6) and the three high density treatments (P7, P8 and P9), followed by the P5 treatment, while the lowest dry spice was recorded in the low density treatments (P1, P2 and especially P3). The number of flowers per square metre observed in the high density treatments (avg. 218) was significantly higher by 10% and 28% in comparison with the number of flowers recorded in the medium and low density, respectively. Unless corms can be purchased at markedly lower prices, farmers are recommended to plant corms at medium density due to the similar spice yield and the highest daughter corms produced in comparison with high density treatments. The results show that in a Mediterranean environment appropriate crop techniques (e.g. lifespan and plant density) can improve the quantitative characteristics of saffron.
Snow pack structure characteristics in Finland : measurements and modelling
The nature of primordial perturbations in the light of CMB observations
Dual-energy digital radiography in the assessment of bone characteristics
Primary hyperparathyroidism : aspects on skeletal involvement and PTH levels after surgery
Relation of physical activity and sex steroid hormones to total body bone area and mass in premenarcheal girls
Demography of Carex rostrata in a boreal mesotrophic fen : shoot dynamics and biomass development
Effect of initial fertilization on 34-year increment and wood properties of Norway spruce in Latvia
Models for vertical wood density of Scots pine, Norway spruce and birch stems, and their application to determine average wood density
Heartwood, sapwood and bark content, and wood dry density of young and mature teak (Tectona grandis) trees grown in Costa Rica
Residential area and health : a study of the Northern Finland Birth Cohort 1966
Development of strength grading of timber using combined measurement techniques : report of the Combigrade-project - phase 2
Preterm birth and risk factors for chronic disease : Helsinki study of very low birth weight adults
Differences in growth and wood properties between narrow and normal crowned types of Norway spruce grown at narrow spacing in southern Finland
The impact of summertime food consumption by vendace on the abundance of zooplankton the following spring
Assessment of osteoporosis and fracture risk:axial transmission ultrasound and lifestyle-related risk factors
