http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14735 timber harvesting
timber harvesting logging
Sustainability, forest health & meeting the nation's needs for wood products : proceedings of the Council on Forest Engineering 18th annual meeting June 5-8, 1995 Cashiers, North Carolina
The black locust
Bioeconomics of even- vs. uneven-aged forestry : the case of Norway spruce
Cost control in forest harvesting and road construction
ITTO guidelines for the sustainable management of natural tropical forests
Forwarding has been carried out for 50 years, but much is still unknown about this work. Its complexity comes from both stand features and essential decision-making. Forwarding time consumption is influenced by e.g. log concentrations and number of assortments..
Reduced impact logging guidelines for Indonesia
Harvesting and transportation of timber in Indonesia
Key to the Finnish forest industry
The young eucalypt report : some management options for Australia's regrowth forests
Tractive forces and torque distribution on a forwarder equipped with an all hydrostatic transmission
Small multi-function machines and multi-tree harvesting in first thinnings
Approach for optimal variants system in forest exploiting
A comparison of one- and two-compartment neighbourhoods in heuristic search with spatial forest management goals
Contributions to statistical aspects of computerized forest harvesting
Changes in forest landscape structure in southern Finland in the late 1900's
Joensuu forestry networking week 2012 : green growth based on forests – New Wooden Products and Construction : Final Report
Comparison of outsourced operations in wood procurement in Finland and Slovakia
Integrated harvesting of delimbed industrial roundwood and energy wood in thinnings
The accuracy of manually recorded time study data for harvester operation shown via simulator screen
Introduction to time and work studies in wood harvesting
Metsätilastollinen vuosikirja = Skogsstatistisk årsbok = Statistical yearbook of forestry. 1997
Harvesting of a larger part of the forest biomass
Forestry and environment : engineering solutions : the proceedings of the June 5-6, 1991 Conference
Effects of system configurations on the primary stages of wood-chip supply
Plastic log chute in steep terrain thinning operations (Republic of Korea)
Variation of colour and selected physical and mechanical properties related to artificial drying of sawn silver birch (Betula pendula Roth) timber from plantations
Forces required to vertically uproot tree stumps
Short rotation coppice prospects in Great Britain : a report to the Forestry Commission
Three mathematical models for bucking-to-order
Predicting concequences of intensive forest harvesting on long-term productivity : proceedings from the IAE/FE project CPC-10 workshop, May 24-31, 1986, Jädraås, Sweden
Effects of the number of assortments and log concentration on time consumption for forwarding
Woodcutter simulator 2011 : PC CD-ROM
The effect of supply system on the wood paying capability of a kraft pulp mill using Scots pine harvested from first thinnings
Emerging harvesting issues and technology transition at the end of the century : proceedings : [International Conference], September 27 - October 1, 1999, Opatija, Croatia
Mechanical logging and natural forest regeneration
Timber cutting practices : a manual on felling and bucking
Energy wood harvesting technologies
Reducing of unwanted barking in single grip harvester cutting
Harvesting operations in eucalyptus plantations in Thailand
Finnish wood harvesting contractors have been working in Russia since the 1990s and new entrepreneurs are still interested in starting operations there, even though Russia is not an easy business environment. This study identifies the most significant risks in contracting in Russia. Risks were identified through expert evaluation and a risk analysis was conducted by using a risk matrix. Possible preventative measures were assessed for the identified risks. Some risks were found to be common in Russia and Finland, for example a limited number of clients, dependency on a few clients, and weak negotiating positions. A stable amount of work, i.e. the availability of stands for harvesting, was also a challenge on the both sides of border. Typical problems in Russia were breaches of contract, especially disagreements on wood measurement and payment delays, potentially causing serious economic losses. Specific to Russia were problems related to machine service and spare parts, as well as security issues. The professional skills of machine operators, as well as changing work motivation were risks in Russia. Cultural differences lead to more challenging supervision and management of staff. Among the external factors, the most challenging in Russia were unhealthy competition in the marketplace and non-transparent and the unpredictable procedures of the authorities. In Russia problems caused by seasonality are amplified by the sparse road network and longer downtime. The revealed specific features of the Russian business environment can help Finnish wood harvesting companies to plan a risk management process for operations in Russia.
Productivity in Finnish forestry in 1964-1989
Evaluation of the multicriteria approval method for timber-harvesting group decision support
The modern Scandinavian harvesting technology
Occupational safety and health in forestry : an international study
The effect of two bucking methods on Scots pine lumber quality
Forest taxation and timber supply under price uncertainty : credit rationing in capital markets
The good woodcutter's guide : chain saws, woodlots, and portable sawmills
Proceedings of the FAO/Austria Expert Meeting on Environmentally Sound Forest Operations for Countries in Transition to Market Economies, Ort/Gmunden, Austria, 20-27 September 1998
Optimal private and public harvesting under spatial and temporal interdependence
Harvesting forest products
The importance of the harvester operator in CTL-harvesting operations
Possibilities for CTL in mountainous region of Romania
Applied economic control 1998 = Tillämpad ekonomistyrning 1998
Wood harvesting and logistics in Russia - focus on research and business opportunities
Introduction to tree bucking control = Katkonnanohjauksen perusteet
Comparison of productivity, cost and environmental impacts of two harvesting methods in Northern Iran : short-log vs. long-log
Understanding the characteristics of unutilized biomass resources, such as small-diameter trees from biomass-dense thinning forests (BDTF) (non-commercially-thinned forests), can provide important information for developing a bio-based economy. The aim of this study was to describe the areal distribution, characteristics (biomass of growing stock, tree height, etc.) and harvesting potential of BDTF in Sweden. A national forest inventory plot dataset was imported into a geographical information system and plots containing BDTF were selected by applying increasingly stringent constraints. Results show that, depending on the constraints applied, BDTF covers 9-44% (2.1-9.8 M ha) of the productive forest land area, and contains 7-34% of the total growing stock (119-564 M OD t), with an average biomass density of 57 OD t ha-1. Of the total BDTF area, 65% is located in northern Sweden and 2% corresponds to set-aside farmlands. Comparisons with a study from 2008 indicate that BDTF area has increased by at least 4% (about 102 000 ha), in line with general trends for Sweden and Europe. Analyses revealed that the technical harvesting potential of delimbed stemwood (over bark, including tops) from BDTF ranges from 3.0 to 6.1 M OD t yr-1 (7.5 to 15.1 M m3 yr-1), while the potential of whole-tree harvesting ranges from 4.3 to 8.7 M OD t yr-1 (10.2 to 20.6 M m3 yr-1) depending on the scenario considered. However, further technological developments of the harvest and supply systems are needed to utilize the full potential of BDTF..
Forest operations in Sweden
A time study was conducted to determine whether stem crowding had any impact on harvester productivity in Eucalyptus grandis stands. This represents an important element when trying to balance the advantages and disadvantages of coppice management in fast growing plantations designated for mechanized harvesting (i.e. machine felling, delimbing, debarking and cross-cutting). The study material consisted of 446 coppice stems, half of which grew as single stems per stool and half as double stems per stool as a result of different coppice reduction strategies. The dataset was balanced and randomized, with both subsets replicating exactly the same stem size distribution and the single and double stems alternating randomly. Harvester productivity ranged between 6 and 50 m3 under bark per productive machine hour, following the variation of tree diameter from 10 to 40 cm at breast height (1.37 m according to South African standards). Regression analysis indicated that both tree size and stem crowding (e.g. one or two stems per stool) had a significant effect on harvester productivity, which increased with stem size and decreased with stem crowding. However, operator experience may overcome the effect of stem crowding, which was not significant when the harvester was manned by a highly experienced operator. In any case, the effect of stem size was much greater than that of stem crowding, which resulted in a cost difference of less than 10%. However, this figure excludes the possible effects of stem crowding on volume recovery and stem development, which should be addressed in the future..
The behaviour of timber rents in Sweden, 1909-1990
International journal of forest engineering
Woody science for promoting legal timber harvest
Optimal control applied to biological models
Cable logging engineering and system development = Taubaneteknikk og systemutvikling
Inquiries into harvesting systems, quantities, and machine ownership in Swedish industrial forestry : status 1985/86 and 1992/93 and prediction for 1997/98
Final felling and reforestation system in the north of European Russia
Forest work done by forest owners in Finland
Cost of mechanized thinning to the stand - how to evaluate
Scheduling spatial arrangement and harvest simultaneously
Optimal harvesting for Dahurian Larch plantations under risk of pest outbreak
This paper focuses on the Ecological Sciences that lead to the creation and development of Variable Retention Harvesting in the US Pacific Northwest and British Columbia.  Perhaps as important as the development of Variable Retention, were the social, political, and scientific events that lead to its creation and use in various forested ecosystems in boreal, temperate, and tropical regions of the world. This paper attempts to summarize almost 40 years of ecological research and its application under the banner of New Forestry and more recently Ecosystem Based Management, in the Pacific Northwest United States and British Columbia Canada.
Harvennuspuun koneelliset korjuuvaihtoehdot : HARKO-projektin (1999-2001) loppuraportti = Alternative harvesting systems in mechanised thinning: final report of HARKO Project (1999-2001)
An annotated bibliography of recent tree harvesting literature (1963-1973)
Appropriate wood harvesting in plantation forests : training materials from the FAO/Finland training course on appropriate wood harvesting operations Mutare, Zimbabwe, 9-26 June 1986.
On combining timber harvesting and silviculture operations in the process of sustainable use of forest sites
An analysis of logging companies in the Republic of Karelia
Effects of reindeer grazing and forestry on ground lichens in Finnish Lapland
Expert system for safety inspection in logging
On logging accidents in China
The use of stumps for biomass in British Columbia : a problem analysis
Cumbrian woodlands : past, present and future
Vuosilusto 2004-2005 : Essays on the history of Finnish forestry
Trafficability of peatlands
Vibration transmission in a single-grip harvester
Effects of intensity and frequency of harvesting on abundance, stocking and composition of natural regeneration in the Acadian Forest of eastern North America
Nutrient replenishment, soil organic matter and limits to productivity
Growth and profitability of logging and transportation in wood procurement companies in Finland : what strategies and entrepreneurs are needed for profitable growth?
Harvesting technology and the cost of fuel chips from early thinnings
Analysis of tree harvesting machines and systems : a methodology
Distribution, characteristics and potential of biomass-dense thinning forests in Sweden
Case study on integrated small-scale forest harvesting and wood processing operation
Consequences of injury caused by timber harvesting machines on the growth and decay of spruce (Picea abies (L.) Karst.)
Two felling methods in final cutting of shelterwood, single-grip harvester productivity and damage to the regeneration
The effect of mechanized harvesting on timber quality
Proceedings of the Close Timber Utilization Work Conference : a Forest Service conference held at the Forest Products Laboratory, Madison, WI, December 2-3, 1975.
Is it possible to apply Finnish timber harvesting guidelines in the Republic of Karelia, Russia?
Logging against the natives of Sarawak
Analiz organičenij lesopol'zovaniâ na osobo ohranâemyh prirodnyh territoriâh i v malonarušennyh lesah Respubliki Kareliâ = The analysis of wood harvesting restrictions in conservation areas and old-growth forests of the Republic of Karelia
Advanced technology in forest operations : applied ecology in action : proceedings Portland/Corvallis, Oregon, U.S.A July 24-29, 1994
Finnish timber harvesting technology
The Global Challenges of Harvesting and how the CTL method can respond to them
Journal of forest engineering
Mobility and feasibility of tracked excavators in forestry operations
Effects of three harvesting work methods on Harwarder productivity in final felling
The public response to harvest practices in British Columbia at the landscape and stand level
Tactical models of wood-procurement teams for geographically decentralized group decision-making
Logging costs comparison between the cut-to-length and full-tree harvesting systems in the Republic of Komi, Russia
Variable retention harvesting in mature and old growth stands, based in ecological sciences, and implementation in the Pacific Northwest USA, and British Columbia Canada
Recent developments in on-board technology have enabled automatic collection of follow-up data on forwarder work. The objective of this study was to exploit this possibility to obtain highly representative information on time consumption of specific work elements (including overlapping crane work and driving), with one load as unit of observation, for large forwarders in final felling operations. The data used were collected by the John Deere TimberLink system as nine operators forwarded 8868 loads, in total, at sites in mid-Sweden. Load-sizes were not available. For the average and median extraction distances (219 and 174 m, respectively), Loading, Unloading, Driving empty, Driving loaded and Other time effective work (PM) accounted for ca. 45, 19, 8.5, 7.5 and 14% of total forwarding time consumption, respectively. The average and median total time consumptions were 45.8 and 42.1 minutes/load, respectively. The developed models explained large proportions of the variation of time consumption for the work elements Driving empty and Driving loaded, but minor proportions for the work elements Loading and Unloading. Based on the means, the crane was used during 74.8% of Loading PM time, the driving speed was nonzero during 31.9% of the Loading PM time, and Simultaneous crane work and driving occurred during 6.7% of the Loading PM time. Time consumption per load was more strongly associated with Loading drive distance than with extraction distance, indicating that the relevance of extraction distance as a main indicator of forwarding productivity should be re-considered.
Finnish wood harvesting contractors' risks in Russia
Characteristics and time consumption of timber trucking in Finland
The optimum size of forwarders in thinnings
Case study plastic log chute in steep terrain thinning operations
Optimal harvest policy with first-order autoregressive price process
The effects of forest-fuel harvesting on fungi in boreal forests
Summary.
Wide single vs. dual tires : a logging road test
Finnish machines for preparation of timber
Kinsey, photographer : a half century negatives by Darius and Tabitha May Kinsey : with contributions by son and daughter Darius, Jr. and Dorothea
NSR Conference on Forest Operations 2004 : proceedings : Hyytiälä Forest Field Station, Finland, 30-31 August 2004
Production techniques of logging residue chips in Finland
The Northern logger and timber processer
Harvesting technology of forest residues for fuel in the USA and Finland
Backhoe loaders as base machines in logging operations
The impact of a researcher's experience on the results of single-grip harvester time studies
Automation - way to increase productivity in logging
Energy wood and pulpwood harvesting from young stands using a prototype whole-tree bundler
On Faustmann rotation and normal forest convergence
Forests & water guidelines
Wood-based energy in the northern forests
Impacts of forest harvesting related soil disturbance on end-of-rotation wood quality and quantity in a New Zealand radiata pine forest
Small-scale logging operations and machines : the proceedins of the Seminar on Small-Scale Logging Operations and Machines held at Garpenberg (Sweden), 15-18 June 1987.
Scandinavian forest research in Europe : operational research NSR research conference 1994
Ecowood studies made at the university of Helsinki
A forest-level genetic algorihm based control system for generating stand-specific log demand distributions
Excavators and backhoe loaders as base machines in forest operations : proceedings from the third (final) meeting of a Concerted Action,FAI - CT 98 - 3381 : [Pisa, Italy, 20 September to 22 September 2000]
Assessing impacts of intensified biomass removal and biodiversity protection on European forests
Timber royalty system in Kenyan industrial forest plantations
Proceedings
Regulating timber concessions in Tsholotsho, Zimbabwe
Basic information about logging operations in Olmotonyi Training Forest
Retention forestry and intensified biomass harvest : epiphytic lichen assemblages under opposing ecological effects in pine-dominated boreal forests
Short-run timber supply under uncertainty and welfare gains from perfect competition
A genetic algorithm approach to tree bucking optimization
Felling and cross-cutting of tropical trees in natural forests : an illustrated training manual for foresters, loggers, foremen and workers
Development of the management and cost accounting of wood harvesting in the Republic of Karelia
Load level forwarding work element analysis based on automatic follow-up data
Post-congress proceedings, IUFRO Division 3 : XIX World Congress, held in Montreal, Canada, 5-11 August, 1990.
Logging for the ark : improving the conservation value of production forests in South East Asia
Possibilities of multi-tree processing in thinnings
Atlas of the forest sector in Poland
Tree harvesting techniques
The effects of number of stems per stool on cutting productivity in coppiced Eucalyptus plantations
Possibilities to use automatic and manual timing in time studies on harvester operations
Harvesting systems and equipment in British Columbia
Wood harvesting and logistics in Russia : focus on research and business opportunities : final report of the research project
First-thinning harvesting alternatives for industrial or energy purposes based on regional Scots pine stand simulations in Finland
Wood procurement and techology in changing environment of Europe and the Russia
Harvesting technology and cost of fuel chips from early thinnings
Restoration of tropical forest ecosystems : proceedings of the Symposium held on October 7-10, 1991
Effect of data acquisition accuracy on timing of stand harvests and expected net present value
Mechanisation of industrial logging operations in the Autonomous Socialist Soviet Republic of Karelia in 1872-1990
Energy wood harvesting in Estonia
Nontimber benefits, price uncertainty, and optimal harvest of an even-aged stand
Combining research into forest management stand conditions and wood supply chain processes has been missing from earlier forestry studies. There is a clear need to develop more cost-efficient small-diameter wood production, harvesting and transportation methods from first thinning, which could be used for either industrial or energy wood purposes. This study considers the total cost for small-diameter wood originating from young Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris L.) dominated stands. Pine pulpwood is the most harvested and most used roundwood assortment, use of which is expected to rise following new pulp-mill investments in Finland. In addition, utilisation of small-diameter trees directly for energy purposes has been increasing steadily in recent years. The aim of the study was to determine the cost-reduction potential of alternative forest management options and supply chains for small diameter-wood in the regional case of South Savo in eastern Finland. The total costs of three distinct scenarios were studied on the basis of forest management, first-thinning harvesting methods, and transportation: 1) industrial wood, 2) delimbed energy wood, and 3) whole trees for energy purposes. The cost-reduction potential for energy-wood supply chains from first thinning was compared to the industrial supply chain. Small-diameter delimbed wood delivered straight for energy purposes was found to be the most cost-efficient as far as the total cost of the supply chain is concerned. More cost-efficient small-diameter wood processes can be found by linking forest stand simulations with supply chain analysis..
Working in harvesting teams : work environment, quality, production. Part 2, Practical production
Logging and Sawmilling Journal
Changes to forest management and silvicultural techniques necessitated by forest energy production : International energy agency/Bioenergy agreement, Activity A1. Conventional forestry systems Garpenberg 30 September - 4 October 1990
Comparison of harvester work in forest and simulator environments
Some aspects of the sampling distribution of the apportionment index and related inference
Discrete-event simulation of mechanized wood-harvesting systems
Effects of damage on the newly thinned stand due to mechanized forest operations
Abstract: The analysis of wood harvesting restrictions in conservation areas and old-growth forests of the Republic of Karelia.
