http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14781 Italic languages
Italic languages
Interdisciplinarity and contextuality in studying fragmentarily documented languages : new approaches to Sabellian linguistic materials
Although the Ager Faliscus lay between the areas where Etruscan, Latin and Sabellic languages were spoken, the inscriptions from the area from before c.150 bce show that it used a speech of its own, known as Faliscan. Most scholars agree that Faliscan is linguistically very close to Latin, but the hypothesis that it is in fact a Latin dialect has not been the subject of a major publication until now. In this work, the linguistic data on Faliscan provided by the inscriptions are analyzed and compared to the languages of the surrounding areas. Sociolinguistic aspects such as language contact and local identity are discussed as well. The main conclusion is that Faliscan can indeed be regarded as a dialect of Latin. The work includes a re-edition of all inscriptions, in many cases based on autopsy.
Sabellian demonstratives : forms and functions
The empire created by Rome underlies many of the structures of modern Europe, and that empire in turn was in its early stages the joint creation of Rome and the other peoples of Italy. Almost the only records left by those peoples themselves consist of the texts they inscribed and the coinages they produced. Imagines Italicae provides for the first time a complete corpus of those texts which are in one or other of the Italic languages, accompanied by photographs or drawings, a critical apparatus, an English translation where possible, a bibliography, and a full account of their discovery and archaeological context. The corpus, geographically arranged, contains 982 entries in total, lavishly illustrated, some of them multiple, preceded by a substantial Introduction, and completed by an Appendix of Italic names occurring in Greek texts, detailed Concordances, and full epigraphic indexes.
The interest in the Sabellian languages, i.e. Oscan, Umbrian and remaining central Italian dialects, attested in inscription from the Italian peninsula appr. 650 - 50 BCE, is ever increasing. With the discovery of new inscriptions and new interpretations of already known text, the understanding and contextualisation of these pre-Roman languages becomes ever more detailed. Following in the wake of recent editions, and the Wörterbuch des Oskisch-Umbrischen by Jürgen Untermann (2000), this study is the first step in the direction of a complete Sabellian grammar. Focusing on the case system, the volume compiles and explains all the various grammatical constructions attested. Including both an introduction to phonology and a detailed summary of the morphology of the case endings, the extant linguistic material, although scarce, is highlighted and discussed, on both an internal and external comparative level, with an historical perspective concerning the development and uses of the constructions.
In pre-Roman Italy and Sicily, dozens of languages and writing systems competed and interacted, and bilingualism was the norm. Using frameworks from epigraphy, archaeology and the sociolinguistics of language contact, this book explores the relationship between Greek and Oscan, two of the most widely spoken languages in the south of the peninsula. Dr McDonald undertakes a new analysis of the entire corpus of South Oscan texts written in Lucania, Bruttium and Messana, including dedications, curse tablets, laws, funerary texts and graffiti. She demonstrates that genre and domain are critical to understanding where and when Greek was used within Oscan-speaking communities, and how ancient bilinguals exploited the social meaning of their languages in their writing. This book also offers a cutting-edge example of how to build the fullest possible picture of bilingualism in fragmentary languages across the ancient world.
The Sabellic languages of ancient Italy
The world of words
Latin is one of the major ancient Indo-European languages and one of the cornerstones of Indo-European studies. Since the last comprehensive etymological dictionary of Latin appeared in 1959, enormous progress has been made in the reconstruction of Proto-Indo-European, and many etymologies have been revised. This new etymological dictionary covers the entire Latin lexicon of Indo-European origin. It consists of nearly 1900 entries, which altogether discuss about 8000 Latin lemmata. All words attested before Cicero are included, together with their first date of attestation in Latin. The dictionary also includes all the inherited words found in the other ancient Italic languages, such as Oscan, Umbrian and South Picene; thus, it also serves as an etymological dictionary of Italic.
The Latin dialect of the Ager Faliscus : 150 years of scholarship
Etymological dictionary of Latin and the other Italic languages
Imagines Italicae : a corpus of Italic inscriptions
Oscan in southern Italy and Sicily : evaluating language contact in a fragmentary corpus
