http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14713 Holy Spirit
Holy Spirit Holy Ghost
When the Spirit comes with power : signs and wonders among God's people
The Word and the Spirit
The round house
Until the spirit comes : the spirit of God in the book of Isaiah
The Holy Spirit-- in biblical teaching, through the centuries, and today
Holy Spirit : growth of a biblical tradition
Beyond the impasse : toward a pneumatological theology of religions
Flame of love : a theology of the Holy Spirit
Theology out of place : a theological biography of Walter J. Hollenweger
The spirit who speaks : God's supernatural intervention in your life
The Holy Spirit in the world : a global conversation
Power from on high : the spirit in Israel's restoration and witness in Luke-Acts
Although Basil of Caesarea was the first to write a discourse on the Holy Spirit, many scholars have since questioned if he fully believed in the Spirit's divinity. Timothy McConnell argues that Basil did regard the Spirit as fully divine and an equal Person of the Trinity. However, Basil refused to use philosophical terminology to make the point, preferring to use what the Spirit himself revealed through divine act and Scripture. Thus, "illumination" becomes the primary paradigm for Basil setting the stage for this study's high relevance for contemporary thought.
Introducing christian theologies. Volume one, Voices from global Christian communities
Gnostica, Judaica, Catholica : collected essays of Gilles Quispel
The Cambridge companion to feminist theology
Presents an interpretation of why Christian beliefs and dogma are giving way to new grassroots movements rooted in social justice and spiritual experience.
Hegel and the spirit : philosophy as pneumatology
Renewal theology. [2], Salvation, the Holy Spirit and Christian living
The Spirit and the church : antiquity
Teaching with spiritual power : developing the relationship that makes all the difference
Restoring presence : the spirit in Matthew's gospel
The Trinity's embrace : God's saving plan : a catechesis on salvation history
The fivefold ministry and the church
Joel and the Spirit : the cry of a prophetic hermeneutic
Systematic theology : biblical, historical, and evangelical. Volume 2
Baptism in the Spirit : Luke-Acts and the Dunn debate
The experience of God : Orthodox dogmatic theology. Volume 4, The church : communion in the Holy Spirit
In peace let us pray to the Lord : an Orthodox interpretation of the gifts of the spirit
Theology : the basic readings
Filled with the Spirit
God the Holy Spirit
Pneumatology : the Holy Spirit in ecumenical, international, and contextual perspective
Paul, the Spirit and the people of God
Holy Spirit and salvation : the sources of Christian theology
Welcome, Holy Spirit : a study of charismatic renewal in the Church
The Holy Spirit
Prove all things : the sovereign work of the Holy Spirit
In the beginning was the Spirit : science, religion, and indigenous spirituality
Should Christianity's theological face remain largely European and North American in the twenty-first century in the wake of the expansion of Christianity in sub-Saharan Africa, Asia, and Latin America? The question about the "theological face" of Christianity cannot be ignored. For too long African, Asian, and Latin American theologians have been left out of mainstream theological discussions. Few standard textbooks on Christian theology acknowledge the unique contributions theologians from these continents have made to global Christianity. Introducing Christian Theologies: Voices from Global Christian Communities is a two-volume textbook that alters the predominantly European and North American "theological face" of Christianity by interacting with the voices of the Christian communities from around the globe. Introducing Christian Theologies explores the works of key theologians from across the globe, highlighting their unique contributions to Christian theology and doctrine. --
On the Holy Spirit
Karl Barth's theology of the Holy Spirit
Lord and life-giver : Spirit today
The spirit of Augustine's early theology : contextualizing Augustine's pneumatology
Sophia : a novel
The Comforter
Stepping stones to other religions : a Christian theology of inter-religious dialogue
The future of faith
The collected shorter writings of James I. Packer. Volume 1, Celebrating the saving work of God
This fourth volume in Veli-Matti K채rkk채inen's ambitious five volume systematic theology develops a constructive Christian pneumatology and soteriology in dialogue with the Christian tradition, with contemporary theology in all its global and contextual diversity, and with other major living faiths -- Judaism, Islam, Buddhism, and Hinduism. K채rkk채inen constructs a wide and deep theology of the Holy Spirit, examining creation and the sciences, other cosmic powers and beings, the concepts of spirits in other religions, and the Spirit's place in society and politics. He also goes beyond traditional ways of understanding salvation -- election, forgiveness, justification, sanctification, and glorification -- and includes discussions of Spirit-baptism, healing and restoration, reconciliation, liberation, and peace-building, carefully comparing Christian perspectives with the salvific views of other religions.
The Holy Spirit and mission : report of the CWME Orthodox Advisory Group, Holy Cross Orthodox School of Theology, Boston, June 17-24, 1990.
The Christ and the Spirit : collected essays. Vol. 2, Pneumatology
The work of the Spirit : pneumatology and Pentecostalism
The Spirit, giver of life and love : a catechesis on the creed
The Holy Spirit : classic and contemporary readings
Situation, problems and perspectives in ecumenical theology
The person & work of the Holy Spirit
Fire in the fireplace : contemporary charismatic renewal
Gregory of Nyssa
Religious experience of the pneuma : communication with the spirit world in 1. Corinthians 12 and 14
Heaven below : early Pentecostals and American culture
Moya : the Holy Spirit in an African context
Christian initiation and baptism in the Holy Spirit : evidence from the first eight centuries
God's empowering presence : the Holy Spirit in the letters of Paul
I believe in the Holy Spirit
Illumination in Basil of Caesarea's doctrine of the Holy Spirit
The Holy Spirit, inspiration, and the cultures of antiquity : multidisciplinary perspectives
The God of Jesus Christ : meditations on God in the Trinity
The experience of Christ's real presence in faith : an analysis on the Christ-presence-motif in the Lutheran charismatic renewal
The Holy Spirit : a guide to christian theology
The Eucharistic epiclesis : a detailed history from the patristic to the modern era
A Pentecostal hermeneutic : spirit, scripture, and community
The ministry of the missional church : a community led by the Spirit
Giver of life : the Holy Spirit in Orthodox tradition
This learned book by eminent scholar Anthony Thiselton is a detailed biblical, historical, and contemporary study of the Holy Spirit. Thiselton presents an up-to-date account of biblical teaching on the topic, including exposition of passages and hermeneutics; offers a comprehensive historical survey from the Apostolic Fathers to Jonathan Edwards; and engages a host of modern theologians.In the last part of his book Thiselton discusses a remarkably wide range of writings on the Holy Spirit from the nineteenth century to the present day. He interacts explicitly with Pentecostals and the Renewal Movement in a sympathetic, positive, yet critical manner. The book as a whole is at once scholarly and readable, comprehensive and practical."The Holy Spirit -- in Biblical Teaching, through the Centuries, and Today" offers scholarly work on specific themes such as prophecy, tongues, the miraculous, the range and nature of the Spirit's gifts, and the Holy Spirit in relation to the Trinity, along with practical consequences for worship and life.
The theology of spiritual gifts in Luther and Calvin : a comparison
Light of truth and fire of love : a theology of the Holy Spirit
Community-forming power : the socio-ethical role of the spirit in Luke-Acts
Pneumatology and the Christian-Buddhist dialogue : does the Spirit blow through the middle way?
Spirit and salvation
Overcome by the spirit : [the extraordinary phenomenon that is happening to ordinary people]
The Holy Spirit in the Fathers of the Church : the proceedings of the Seventh International Patristic Conference, Maynooth, 2008
The Holy Spirit and spiritual gifts, then and now
Angelomorphic pneumatology : Clement of Alexandria and other early Christian witnesses
Embraced by the Father and the Son in the unity of the Holy Spirit : a study of the Trinity and the mystical life in the works of Jan van Ruusbroec
The Filioque
The Johannine paraclete in the Church Fathers : a study in the history of exegesis
The God of Jesus Christ : meditations on the Triune God
Power and the spirit of God : toward an experience-based pneumatology
Joy unspeakable : the Baptism with the Holy Spirit
Spirit of truth : the Holy Spirit in Johannine tradition. Vol. 1, The origins of Johannine pneumatology
Toward a pneumatological theology : pentecostal and ecumenical perspectives on ecclesiology, soteriology, and theology of mission
The para/klhtoj in the Gospel of John
The shape of pneumatology : studies in the doctrine of the Holy Spirit
Yves Congar's theology of the Holy Spirit
The Holy Spirit : activating God's power in your life
The Spirit in creation and new creation : science and theology in Western and Orthodox realms
Encyclical letter Dominum et Vivificantem of the Supreme Pontiff John Paul II on the Holy Spirit in the life of the Church and the World
The Spirit in the Gospel and Acts : divine purity and power
The missionary emphasis of Lukan pneumatology
