http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14774 authorship (general)
authorship (general)
The medieval author in medieval French literature
Teaching  auteur study
Summary: Authorial ignorance.
Metadiscourse : exploring interaction in writing
Author reader book : medieval authorship in theory and practice
In the name of the author : toward a materialist understanding of literary authorship
Creative collaboration
Why we write : the politics and practice of writing for social change
The author in Middle Byzantine literature : modes, functions, and identities
Video games and storytelling : reading games and playing books
Authority matters : rethinking the theory and practice of authorship
The contingent object of contemporary art / Martha Buskirk
Fictitious authors and imaginary novels in French, English, and American fiction from the 18th to the start of the 21st century
Counterfeiting Shakespeare : evidence, authorship, and John Ford's Funerall elegye
Perverse pastiche : identity and authorship in D. M. Thomas's Charlotte
Deathbed selfie
Authorship : from Plato to the postmodern : a reader
The publish or perish book : your guide to effective and responsible citation analysis
New narratives : stories and storytelling in the digital age
Media texts : authors and readers
Shakespeare, co-author : a historical study of five collaborative plays
The Chaucerian apocrypha : a counterfeit canon
Auctor et auctoritas in Latinis Medii Aevi litteris = author and authorship in medieval Latin literature ; proceedings of the VIth Congress of the International Medieval Latin Committee (Benevento-Naples, November 9-13, 2010)
The life & the work : art and biography
Writing down the bones : freeing the writer within
The late Victorian Gothic : mental science, the uncanny, and scenes of writing
Writing design : words and objects
Taking the matter into common hands : [on contemporary art and collaborative practices]
Sir Henry Neville was Shakespeare : the evidence
Summary: From the "death" of the author to the "resurrection" of the author.
Summary: And the author goes to Stockholm.
Auto-poetica : representations of the creative process in nineteenth-century British and American fiction
"Considering the crises of literary authority in nineteenth-century French literature against the backdrop of the Second Empire (1852-1870) and the aftermath of the bloody Paris Commune of 1871, Seth Whidden focuses on the phenomena - literary collaboration, parody, destabilized poetic form, the substitution of one poetic or narrative voice with that of the many - that enabled challenges to the traditional status of the writer and, by extension, the political authority that it reflected" --
Hypertext : the convergence of contemporary critical theory and technology
Writing creative nonfiction : fiction techniques for crafting great nonfiction
The case for Shakespeare : the end of the authorship question
Invisible New York cities : 100 days of nearby tweets
Subject matters : subject and self in French literature from Descartes to the present
The book on Adler
The authorship of the Vengement Alixandre and of the Venjance Alixandre
Luke the priest : the authority of the author of the Third Gospel
The first five pages : a writer's guide to staying out of the rejection pile
Montaigne's politics : authority and governance in the Essais
Pretexts of authority : the rhetoric of authorship in the Renaissance preface
Anxious power : reading, writing, and ambivalence in narrative by women
Constructing authorship in the work of Günter Grass
Handbook of narratology
Authority in crisis in French literature, 1850-1880
Literature, theory, and common sense
Reading Shakespeare's will : the theology of figure from Augustine to the sonnets
The words of others : from quotations to culture
What do we mean when we say that someone is a writer? Is he or she an entertainer? A high priest of the god Art? An improver of readers' minds and morals? And who, for that matter, are these mysterious readers? In this wise and irresistibly quotable book, one of the most intelligent writers now working in English addresses the riddle of her art: why people pursue it, how they view their calling, and what bargains they make with their audience, both real and imagined. To these fascinating issues Margaret Atwood brings a candid appraisal of her own experience as well as a breadth of reading that encompasses everything from Dante to Elmore Leonard. An ambitious artistic inquiry conducted with unpretentiousness and charm, Negotiating with the Dead is an unprecedented insider's view of the writer's universe.
The rise of writing : redefining mass literacy
Negotiating with the dead : a writer on writing
Hot property : the stakes and claims of literary originality
Examining paratextual theory and its applications in digital culture
Exploring the origins of the Bible : canon formation in historical, literary, and theological perspective
On the dating and authorship of Maxims I.
"Did Shakespeare write Shakespeare? The authorship question has been much treated in works of fiction, film and television, provoking interest all over the world. Sceptics have proposed many candidates as the author of Shakespeare's works, including Francis Bacon, Christopher Marlowe and Edward De Vere, the seventeenth Earl of Oxford. But why and how did the authorship question arise and what does surviving evidence offer in answer to it? This authoritative, accessible and frequently entertaining book sets the debate in its historical context and provides an account of its main protagonists and their theories. Presenting the authorship of Shakespeare's works in relation to historiography, psychology and literary theory, twenty-three distinguished scholars reposition and develop the discussion. The book explores the issues in the light of biographical, textual and bibliographical evidence to bring fresh perspectives to an intriguing cultural phenomenon"--
The point of view
Mediated music makers : constructing author images in popular music
"Few phenomena in our lives are as inescapable as what we commonly refer to as art--yet few concepts are more elusive than the idea of art itself. So what does 'art' look like today? And what is its fate? Art Is Not What You Think It Is offers a series of critical incursions into the current state of debate on the idea of art--making manifest what has been largely missing or unsaid in those discussions. Revealing how conventional thinking about art is largely based on misconceptions about its history, Preziosi and Farago call for a radical rethink of the subject and its relationship to a wide swath of today's world--from religion and philosophy to culture and politics. The authors probe a variety of issues, including the dangers of art and trap of the visual; the frame that blinds us; deconstruction of the agencies of art; the intersections of the local and global; the breach of art and religion, and commodifying artistry. Provocative and groundbreaking, Art is Not What You Think It Is will reshape conventional assumptions about the nature, meaning, and ultimate fate of art in today's world."--
The ascension of authorship : attribution and canon formation in Jewish, Hellenistic, and Christian traditions
Signature pieces : on the institution of authorship
Installation art in the new millennium : the empire of the senses
"Song publishing is the one constant in the carousel of recorded music now spanning the past century, and has been the way that song-credits and publishing revenue have caused ructions and recriminations, and inspired writers by making them poor and lawyers rich. Whether it be Procul Harum going to court to decide who really wrote 'Whiter Shade of Pale' or the Moody Blues wanting their fair share of 'Nights of White Satin', when the song-credits get divvied up, a parting of the ways citing 'musical differences' is almost inevitable. So here are some choice examples of poplore held up to the light, some familiar to music fans others not, designed to prove that Dylan knew of what he wrote when he suggested, 'Money doesn't talk, it swears'. Between them, they provide the unvarnished story of popular song from the days jukeboxes and radio replaced wax cylinders and piano rolls to the era of digital downloads, legal and illegal..."--Publisher's description.
Wordsworth writing
Examining technological advances, genre, and late 19th-century mental science, Hilary Grimes shows writers' failed attempts to use technology as a way of translating the supernatural. Explorations into the ghostly aspects of the mind, Grimes argues, problematized agency.
Biography : a brief history
Writing for publication and reading and language arts
Why I write
Unoriginal genius : poetry by other means in the new century
Teaching life writing texts
This handbook in English provides a systematic overview of the present state of international research in narratology. Detailed individual studies by internationally renowned narratologists elucidate 34 central terms. The articles present original research contributions and are all structured in a similar manner. Each contains a concise definition and a detailed explanation of the term in question, and then in a main section they present a critical account of the major research positions and their historical development and indicate directions for future research; they conclude with selected bibliographical references. An online version acting as a commentary is planned with a time-lag after the citable printed version. Regular additions and updates of the handbook will keep abreast of the continuing developments in the discourse of narratology.
Tools of the trade : theoretical approaches to contemporary creative writing guides
Summaries (s. 299-309).
The matter of the page : essays in search of ancient and medieval authors
The return of the omniscient narrator authorship and authority in twenty-first century fiction
Authorship in the Long Eighteenth Century
Marvelous Transformations is an anthology of tales and original critical essays that moves beyond canonized "classics" and old paradigms, documenting the points of historical connection between literary tales and field-based collections. This innovative anthology reflects current interdisciplinary scholarship on oral traditions and the cultural history of the print fairy tale. In addition to the tales, original critical essays, newly written for this volume, introduce readers to differing perspectives on key ideas in the field.
The legal environment of translation
"Contemporary media authorship is frequently collaborative, participatory, non-site specific, or quite simply goes unrecognized. In this volume, media and film scholars explore the theoretical debates around authorship, intention, and identity within the rapidly transforming and globalized culture industry of new media. Defining media broadly, across a range of creative artifacts and production cultures--from visual arts to videogames, from textiles to television--contributors consider authoring practices of artists, designers, do-it-yourselfers, media professionals, scholars, and others. Specifically, they ask: - What constitutes "media" and "authorship" in a technologically converged, globally conglomerated, multiplatform environment for the production and distribution of content? - What can we learn from cinematic and literary models of authorship--and critiques of those models--with regard to authorship not only in television and recorded music, but also interactive media such as videogames and the Internet? - How do we conceive of authorship through practices in which users generate content collaboratively or via appropriation? - What institutional prerogatives and legal debates around intellectual property rights, fair use, and copyright bear on concepts of authorship in "new media"? By addressing these issues, Media Authorship demonstrates that the concept of authorship as formulated in literary and film studies is reinvigorated, contested, remade--even, reauthored--by new practices in the digital media environment"--
Fictions of authorship in late Elizabethan narratives : Euphues in Arcadia
The Publish or Perish book. Part 2, Citation analysis for academics and administrators
Authors and titles : an analytical study of the author concept in codes of cataloguing rules in the English language, from that of the British Museum in 1841 to the Anglo-American Cataloguing rules 1967.
The invention of illusions : international perspectives on Paul Auster
Authoring performance : the director in contemporary theatre
Film authorship : auteurs and other myths
Reading in : Alice Munro's archives
Multiple authorship and the myth of solitary genius
Author unknown : on the trail of anonymous
Shakespeare's brain : reading with cognitive theory
Signs and meaning in the cinema
It's one for the money : the song snatchers who carved up a century of pop & sparked a musical revolution
Mikhail Bakhtin : creation of a prosaics
Lion in the garden : interviews with William Faulkner 1926-1962
Not in sisterhood : Edith Wharton, Willa Cather, Zona Gale, and the politics of female authorship
The empty cage : inquiry into the mysterious disappearance of the author
Authorial ignorance : Philip Roth's American trilogy
Mediated stardom, constructed images : the value and functioning of authoship in popular music
Graphic subjects : critical essays on autobiography and graphic novels
The Publish or Perish book. Part 3, Doing bibliometric research with Google Scholar
Art is not what you think it is
Story building : narrative techniques for news and feature writers
Authorship and appropriation : writing for the stage in England, 1660-1710
Prophet in the marketplace : Thoreau's development as a professional writer
The cinema of Takeshi Kitano : a neo-auteurist approach
Sociology of literature
Video game narrative and criticism : playing the story
J.M. Coetzee and the paradox of postcolonial authorship
Negotiating nationhood and commitment : readings of Yvonne Vera's and Dambudzo Marechera's work and authorial image against the backdrop of crisis
From the "death" of the author to the "resurrection" of the author
The rhetoric of fiction
Spontaneous mind : selected interviews, 1958-1996
The death and resurrection of the author?
Information doesn't want to be free : laws for the Internet age
Homiletic : moves and structures
Constructing the subject, gaining authority : spanish musician Christina Rosenvinge and the performance of mythological and biblical female characters in her songs from 2011
Books in motion : adaptation, intertextuality, authorship
The Publish or Perish book. Part 1, A guide to the software
Media authorship
The author
Women's life writing, 1700-1850 : gender, genre and authorship
Milton in the age of Fish : essays on authorship, text, and terrorism
Film and authorship
The presentation of authorship in medieval German narrative literature 1220-1290
Invisible author : last essays
Redefining Elizabethan literature
Shakespeare beyond doubt : evidence, argument, controversy
Marvelous transformations : an anthology of fairy tales and contemporary critical perspectives / edited by Christine A. Jones & Jennifer Schacker
The author's intention
And the author goes to Stockholm : concepts of authorship in the institute of Nobel prize in literature
Performing authorship : self-inscription and corporeality in the cinema
"Art Is Not What You Think It Is utilizes original research to present a series of critical incursions into the current state of debate on the idea of art, making manifest what has been largely missing or unsaid in those discussions. Links museology, history, theory, and criticism to the realities of contemporary social conditions and shows how they have structurally functioned in a variety of contexts Deals with divisive and controversial problems such as blasphemy and idolatry, and the problem of artistic truth Addresses relations between European notions about art and artifice and those developed in other and especially indigenous cultural traditions "--
