http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14723 Qumran Scrolls
Qumran Scrolls Dead Sea Scrolls
The Dead Sea Scrolls : a full history. Volume one, 1947-1960
Echoes from the caves : Qumran and the New Testament
IQM, the War scroll from Qumran : its structure and history
The Dead Sea scrolls : Hebrew, Aramaic, and Greek texts with English translations. Vol. 4B, Angelic liturgy : songs of the Sabbath sacrifice
The Dead Sea scrolls reader. 4, Calendrical and sapiential texts
The Qumran text of Samuel and Josephus
The time of salvation : an analysis of 4QApocryphon of Daniel ar (4Q246), 4QMessianic Apocalypse (4Q521 2), and 4QTime of Righteousness (4Q215a)
The complete Dead Sea scrolls in English
The Dead Sea scrolls reader. 6, Additional genres and unclassified texts
Debating Qumran : collected essays on its archaeology
The laws of the Damascus document : sources, tradition and redaction
Defining identities : we, you, and the other in the Dead Sea Scrolls : proceedings of the fifth meeting of the IOQS in Groningen
The Dead Sea scrolls : study edition. Vol. 1, 1Q1-4Q273
Qumran cave 1 revisited : texts from cave 1 sixty years after their discovery: proceedings of the sixth meeting of the IOQS in Ljubljana
The dynamics of language and exegesis at Qumran
Sapential, liturgical and poetical texts from Qumran : proceedings of the Third Meeting of the International Organization for Qumran Studies, Oslo 1998 : published in memory of Maurice Baillet
The Dead Sea scrolls reader. 1, Texts concerned with religious law
The Dead Sea scrolls : Qumran in perspective
The Pesher Nahum Scroll from Qumran : an exegetical study of 4Q169
The Dead Sea scrolls in English
Holistic Qumran : trans-disciplinary research of Qumran and the Dead Sea Scrolls
The complete world of the Dead Sea Scrolls
From Qumran to the Yahad : a new paradigm of textual development for The Community Rule
The Dead Sea New Jerusalem text : contents and contexts
The Copper scroll 3Q15 : a reevaluation
A guide to the Dead Sea scrolls and related literature
The Dead Sea scrolls and the New Testament
Scriptural allusions in the New Testament : light from the Dead Sea scrolls
An introduction to the complete Dead Sea scrolls
The Dead Sea manual of discipline : translation and notes by William Hugh Brownlee
The Dead Sea scrolls reader. 2, Exegetical texts
The use of sobriquets in the Qumran Dead Sea Scrolls
Qumran and the Essenes : a re-evaluation of the evidence
The Dead Sea Scrolls after fifty years : a comprehensive assessment. Vol. 1
Head of all years : astronomy and calendars at Qumran in their ancient context
The Dead Sea Psalms scrolls and the Book of Psalms
The Temple scroll and related texts
To increase learning for the understanding ones : reading and reconstructing the fragmentary early Jewish sapiential text 4Q instruction
Understanding the Dead Sea Scrolls : a reader from the Biblical Archaeology Review
The ancient library of Qumran and modern biblical studies : the Haskell lectures 1956-1957
The eschatological community of the Dead Sea Scrolls : a study of the rule of the congregation
Reworking the Bible : apocryphal and related texts at Qumran : proceedings of a joint symposium by the Orion Center for the Study of the Dead Sea Scrolls and Associated Literature and the Hebrew University Institute for Advanced Studies Research Group on Qumran, 15-17 January, 2002
The Dead Sea Scrolls and the New Testament
Historical perspectives : from the Hasmoneans to Bar Kokhba in light of the Dead See scrolls : proceedings of the Fourth International Symposium of the Orion Center for the Study of the Dead See Scrolls and Associated Literature, 27-31 January, 1999
The Dead Sea scrolls electronic reference library. 2, Including The Dead Sea Scrolls database (non-biblical texts) edited by Emmanuel Tov
What's in a name? : a study of sobriquets in the Pesharim
The Dead Sea scrolls reader. Part 3, Parabiblical texts
The formation of Q : trajectories in ancient wisdom collections
The mermaid and the partridge : essays from the Copenhagen Conference [June 2009] on revising texts from Cave Four
More light on the Dead Sea scrolls : new scrolls and new interpretations with translations of important recent discoveries
Jesus and the Dead Sea Scrolls
The manual of discipline
The Dead Sea scrolls Bible : the oldest known Bible
Liturgical works
The mystery and meaning of the Dead Sea scrolls
The Dead Sea scrolls reader. 5, Poetic and liturgical texts
Flores Florentino : Dead Sea scrolls and other early Jewish studies on honour of Florentino García Martínez
Qumran-messianism : studies on the messianic expectations in the Dead Sea Scrolls
The Oxford handbook of the Dead Sea Scrolls
4QMMT : reevaluating the text, the function, and the meaning of the epilogue
The caves of Qumran : proceedings of the international conference, Lugano 2014
The Bible at Qumran : text, shape and interpretation
Aramaic texts from Qumran. Vol. 1
The Dead Sea scrolls translated : the Qumran texts in English
Who wrote the Dead Sea Scrolls? : the search for the secret of Qumran
Reading the human body : physiognomics and astrology in the Dead Sea Scrolls and Hellenistic-early Roman period Judaism
The Samuel scroll from Qumran : 4QSam(a) restored and compared to the Septuagint and 4QSam(c)
"In Qumran studies, the attention of scholars has largely been focused on the Dead Sea Scrolls, while archaeology has concentrated above all on the settlement. This volume presents the proceedings of an international conference (Lugano 2014) dedicated entirely to the caves of Qumran. The papers deal with both archaeological and textual issues, comparing the caves in the vicinity of Qumran between themselves and their contents with the other finds in the Dead Sea region. The relationships between the caves and the settlement of Qumran are re-examined and their connections with the regional context are investigated. The original inventory of the materials excavated from the caves by Roland de Vaux is published for the first time in appendix to the volume"--
Diggers at the well : proceedings of the Third International Symposium on the Hebrew of the Dead See Scrolls and Ben Sira
The Dead Sea scrolls fifty years after their discovery : proceedings of the Jerusalem Congress, July 20-25, 1997
Bibliography of the Dead Sea scrolls, 1948-1957
4QMMT : the problem of the epilogue
Encyclopedia of the Dead Sea scrolls
The Hebrew of the Dead Sea scrolls
Deciphering the Dead Sea scrolls
The Dead Sea scrolls of the Hebrew University
The Dead Sea scrolls and the Hasmonean state
Mediating the divine : prophecy and revelation in the Dead Sea Scrolls and Second Temple Judaism
Stable and fluid war traditions : re-thinking the war material from Qumran
The Dead Sea scrolls in their historical context
The Dead Sea scrolls : Hebrew, Aramaic, and Greek texts with English translations. Vol. 4A, Pseudepigraphic and non-masoretic psalms and prayers
The Dead Sea scrolls : Hebrew, Aramaic, and Greek texts with English translations. Vol. 3, Damascus document II, some works of the Torah and related documents
The Psalms scroll of Qumrân cave 11 : (11QPs[sup]a)
Conquering the world : the War Scroll (1QM) reconsidered
Rewriting Scripture in second temple times
The Damascus document : a centennial of discovery : proceedings of the Third International Symposium of the Orion Center for the Study of the Dead See Scrolls and Associated Literature, 4-8 February, 1998
The Shemihazah and Asael narrative of 1 Enoch 6-11 : introduction, text, translation and commentary with reference to ancient Near Eastern and Biblical antecedents
An analysis of 4QInstruction
The Dead Sea deception
The Dead Sea scrolls electronic reference library. 1
The War Texts : 1QM and related manuscripts
The Qumran Scrolls ...and the Jewish Gospel
The Dead Sea scrolls : study edition. Volume 2, 4Q274-IIQ3I
This study focuses on the Qumran War Text manuscripts, especially those found in Cave 4 (4Q471, 4Q491a, 4Q491b, 4Q492 4Q497). There has been a clear need to study these Cave 4 manuscripts in detail and in their own right, not just as additional evidence of the large and well-preserved War Scroll (1QM) from Cave 1. The study produces a thorough close-reading analysis of these fragments and manuscripts, with a critical evaluation of existing editions, paying attention not only to their contents but also to manuscripts as material artifacts.
The Temple scroll : the hidden law of the Dead Sea sect
The Orion Center bibliography of the Dead Sea Scrolls (1995-2000)
The relationship between Roman and local law in the Babatha and Salome Komaise archives : general analysis and three case studies on law of succession, guardianship, and marriage
The Orion Center bibliography of the Dead Sea Scrolls and associated literature (2000-2006)
