http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14766 love poems
love poems
The Latin love elegy
Art & love : an illustrated anthology of love poetry
The Roman mistress : ancient and modern representations
One hundred and one classic love poems
A treasury of Finnish love : poems, quotations & proverbs in Finnish, Swedish & English
Book of longing
Greatest Love Poems :  a comprehensive anthology of the world's finest romantic verse
Manuscript verse collectors and the politics of anti-courtly love poetry
Petrarchan love and the continental Renaissance
Chronicles of Majnun Layla and Selected Poems brings together in one volume Haddad's seminal work and a considerable selection of poems from his oeuvre, stretching over forty years. The central poem, Chronicles of Majnun Layla, recasts the seventh-century myth into a contemporary, postmodern narrative that revels in the foibles of oral transmission, weaving a small side cast of characters into the fabric of the poem. Haddad portrays Layla as a daring woman aware of her own needs and desires and not afraid to articulate them. The author succeeds in reviving this classical work of Arabian love while liberating it from its puritanical dimension and tribal overtones. The selected poems reveal Haddad's playful yet profound meditations. A powerful lyric poet, Haddad juxtaposes classical and modern symbols, and mixes the old with the new, the sensual with the sacred, and the common with the extraordinary. Ghazoul and Verlenden's masterful translation remains faithful to the cultural and historical context in which the original poetry was produced while also reflecting the uniqueness of the poet's style and his poetics.
Philitas of Cos
Gendered dynamics in Latin love poetry
Subjecting verses : Latin love elegy and the emergence of the real
The elegiac passion : jealousy in Roman love elegy
The arrow of love : optics, gender, and subjectivity in medieval love poetry
Here Rebecca Armstrong offers a thematic examination of some important aspects of the Amores, Ars Amatoria and Remedia Amoris. Starting from an investigation of the narrator's self-creation and presentation of other characters within his amatory verse, she assesses the importance of mythical and contemporary reference, as well as the influence of the erotic on Ovid's later works. By looking at the Ars and Remedia alongside the Amores, the continuities and contradictions in the poet's elegiac outlook are revealed, and a complex picture is formed of the Ovidian world of love. Ovid's erotic works present the reader with a glimpse inside the minds of both poets and lovers, mediated through eyes which are frequently inclined to comedy and even cynicism, but always sharp, perceptive and above all fascinated by human behaviour.
Felicity
Ovid and his love poetry
Writing lovers : reading Canadian love poetry by women
Medieval Latin and the rise of European love-lyrik. 1, Problems and interpretations
"I hate and I love." The Roman poet Catullus expressed the disorienting experience of being in love in a stark contradiction that has resonated across the centuries. While his description might seem to modern readers natural and spontaneous, it is actually a response planned with great care and artistry. It is that artistry, and the way in which Roman love poetry works, that this book explores. Focusing on Catullus and on the later genre of elegy - so-called for its metre, and a form of poetry practiced by Tibullus, Propertius and Ovid - Denise Eileen McCoskey and Zara Martirosova Torlone discuss the devices used by the major Roman love poets, as well as the literary and historical contexts that helped shape their work. Setting poets and their writings especially against the turbulent backdrop of the Augustan Age (31 BCE-14 CE), the book examines the origins of Latin elegy; highlights the poets' key themes; and traces their reception by later writers and readers.
Victorian Sappho
Elizabethan women and the poetry of courtship
Catullus and the poetics of Roman manhood
Kiss off : poems to set you free
The erotics of domination : male desire and the mistress in Latin love poetry
French love poems
Love & ethics in Gower's Confessio amantis
The Picador book of wedding poems
William Shakespearen sonetit : nautintojen ajan aarre
The British Museum Viking poetry of love and war
The Catholic imaginary and the cults of Elizabeth, 1558-1582
A handbook of the Troubadours
Erotica for Caesar Augustus : a study of the love-poetry of Horace, Carmina, books I to III
Making love modern : the intimate public worlds of New York's literary women
Poems to live and die for
By slaying a dragon, the young prince Tristan wins the beautiful Isolde's hand in marriage for his uncle, King Mark. On their journey back to Mark's court, however, the pair mistakenly drink a love-potion intended for the king and his young bride, and are instantly possessed with an all-consuming love for each another.
Renaissance discourses of desire
Love and lamentation in Greek oral poetry
Love poetry in the Spanish golden age : Eros, Eris and Empire
The Latin love poets : from Catullus to Horace
The origins of Latin love-elegy
Penguin's poems for love
Birthday letters
Political, religious, and love poems : ...with a fragment of the romance of Peare of Provence and the fair Maguelone a. a sketch ... of the romance of the knight Amorys abd the LadyCleopes by John Metham (some by Lydgate, Sir Richard Ros, Henry Baradoun, Wm. Hunchen, etc.)
Love please! : one hundred passionate poems
When men speak as women : vocal masquerade in Indo-Muslim poetry
Tell me the truth about love : ten poems
Re-reading Sappho : reception and transmission
Political, religious, and love poems : (some by Lydgate, Sir Richard Ros, Henry Baradoun, Wm. Hunchen, etc.)
Dolssor Conina : lust, the bawdy, and obscenity in medieval Occitan and Galician-Portuguese troubadour poetry and Latin secular love song
The wedding dress
"Inspired by the great tradition of French love poetry, New Directions presents a beautiful, small gift edition, dedicated to what makes the world go round In 1853, bursting with emotion, Charles Baudelaire confessed to his muse Madame Sabatier: "Sometimes, I can find relief only in composing verses for you." Is there any better way of expressing feelings of passion and longing than with poetry? The French have excelled at this, resulting in a rich tradition of love poetry: theirs is the language of love. Filled with devotion and lust, sensuality and eroticism, fever and overture, these poems showcase some of the most passionate verses in the French language. From the classic sixteenth-century love sonnets of Louise Labé, to the piercing lyricism of the Romantics, to the dreamlike compositions of the love-drunk Surrealists, French Love Poems is the perfect, seductive gift for the one who makes your heart flutter. This collection includes poems by Louise Labé, Charles Baudelaire, Stéphane Mallarmé, Paul Valéry, Paul Éluard, Albertine Sarrazin, and many others" --
Love in Asian art and culture
The Roman poetry of love : elegy and politics in a time of revolution
The mysteries of a virgin's agony : love stories put into poetry
Catullan provocations : lyric poetry and the drama of position
Poetry and poetics : literary conventions of Tamil love poetry = Poëzie en poëtica : literaire conventies van Tamil liefdespoëzie
The Romance of the rose and its medieval readers : interpretation, reception, manuscript transmission
Fires of love, waters of peace : passion and renunciation in Indian culture
Supreme attachments : studies in Victorian love poetry
"When the lamp is shattered" : desire and narrative in Catullus
Words of love : a collection of beautiful poetry, prose and quotations
Quest and fulfilment in the 13th century Italian love lyric : an idea of medieval cognitive poetics
The sonnets and narrative poems
Chronicles of Majnun Layla : and selected poems
Elegiac eyes : vision in Roman love elegy
Shakespeare on love
In My Sky at Twilight : Poems of Eternal Love Chosen By
Penguin's poems for weddings
This work engages with a broader evaluation of early modern poetics that foregrounds the processes rather than the products of thinking. The locus of the study is the Imperial 'home' space, where love poetry meets early modern empire at the inception of a very conflicted national consciousness, and where the vernacular language, Castilian, emerges in the encounter as a strategic site of national and imperial identity.
Love speaks its name : gay and lesbian love poems
Shakespeare, A lover's complaint, and John Davies of Hereford
Tristan, translated entire for the first time with the surviving fragments of Tristran of Thomas
Love poetry of the literary academies in the reigns of Philip IV and Charles II
Love in John Donne's Songs and sonnets
The complete wedding music planner
"Literature has always been concerned with questions of kinship, love, marriage, desire, family relationships. The central and privileged stories have tended to assume that desire will be desire between girl and boy. Obstacles are thrown in the way of desire. In Shakespeare's Romeo and Juliet (1597), the heroine and hero cannot marry because their families, the Montagues and the Capulets, are feuding. The obstacles which stand in the way of same-sex romantic entanglements have been much more encompassing. Before the twentieth century, they have, for the most part, been represented as an impossibility rather than a desirable outcome thwarted by circumstance".
Love stories : language, private love, and public romance in Georgia
Medieval Latin and the rise of European love-lyric. Vol. 2, Medieval Latin love-poetry : texts newly edited from the manuscripts and for the most part previously unpublished
Posthumous love : eros and the afterlife in Renaissance England
Passionfood : 100 love poems
Love letters in the sand : the love poems of Khalil Gibran
Women, the book and the worldly : selected proceedings of the St Hilda's conference, 1993, volume II
The Cambridge companion to gay and lesbian writing
Love and propaganda : Augustan Venus and the Latin love elegists
A treasury of Finnish love : poems, quotations, & proverbs in Finnish, Swedish and English
Romantic love and parental authority in Sydneu's Arcadia
A collection of poems explores the mysterious landscape of the human heart, describing the meaning and wonder of loving another person.
Persian love poetry
Laura : uncovering gender and genre in Wyatt, Donne, and Marvell
"Let us possesse one world" : spatial images of temporal and celestial love in John Donne's poetry
A companion to Gower
Latin love poetry
The Roman Poetry of Love explores the formation of a key literary genre in a troubled historical and political setting. The short-lived genre of Latin love elegy produced spectacular, multi-faceted and often difficult poetry. Its proponents Catullus, Tibullus, Propertius and Ovid remain to this day some of the most influential poetic voices of Western civilisation. This accessible introduction combines aesthetic analysis with socio-political context to provide a concise but comprehensive portrait of the Roman elegy, its main participants and its cultural and political milieu. Focusing on a series of specific poems, the title portrays the development of the genre in the context of the Emperor Augustus' ascent to power, following recognizable threads through the texts to build an understanding of the relationship between this poetry and the increasingly totalising regime. Highlighting and examining the intense affectation of love in these poems, The Roman Poetry of Love explores the works not simply as an expression of a troubled male psychology, but also as a reflection of the overwhelming changes that swept through Rome and Italy in the transition from the late Republic to the Augustan Age.
The world's favourite love poems
The art of love : amatory fiction from Ovid to the Romance of the rose
Desiring Donne : poetry, sexuality, interpretation
Greatest love poems : a comprehensive anthology of the world's finest romantic verse
How to talk about love : reaching for the lost language of endearment
The new Faber book of love poems
