http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14791 air warfare
air warfare
RAF bomber airfields of World War 2
Focke-Wulf Fw 190 aces of the Russian Front
War classics collection
Deportation of Poles on the eve of World War II : the framework of Soviet forced expulsion of nationalities
Is all fair in law and war : the legality of collateral damage in targeted killings with drones : discussion particularly in the context of CIA drone attacks in Pakistan
The diary of a young girl : the definitive edition
Telling absence : war widows, loss and memory
The encyclopedia of 20th century air warfare
Enemy ace : war in heaven
Finish forty and home : the untold world war II story of B-24s in the Pasific
The Illustrated Directory of Modern Soviet Weapons
Crime, Regulation and Control during the Blitz looks at the social effect of bombing on urban centres like Liverpool, Coventry and London, critically examining how the wartime authorities struggled to regulate and control crime and offending during the Blitz. Focusing predominantly on Liverpool, it investigates how the authorities and citizens anticipated the aerial war, and how the State and local authorities proposed to contain and protect a population made unruly, potentially deviant and drawn into a new landscape of criminal regulation. Drawing on a range of contemporary sources, the book throws into relief today's experiences of war and terror, the response in crime and deviancy, and the experience and practices of preparedness in anticipation of terrible threats. The authors reveal how everyday activities became criminalised through wartime regulations and explore how other forms of crime such as looting, theft and drunkenness took on a new and frightening aspect. Crime, Regulation and Control during the Blitz offers a critical contribution to how we understand crime, security, and regulation in both the past and the present.
All the light we cannot see : a novel
Conflicting memory in Estonia : how Estonian russian-speakers understand the events of 1939-40?
The hunters
The Janus-faced city : a sensory history of London Blitz 1940-1941
The last torpedo flyers : the true story of Arthur Aldridge - hero of the skies
Top gun : hard lock : Xbox 360, Xbox Live
Inside concentration camps : social life at the extremes
Modeling and on-line solution of air combat optimization problems and games
Modern attack helicopters
Tora! tora! tora! : Pearl Harbor
Baltimore. Volume two : The curse bells
Hero : the life and legend of Lawrence of Arabia
Southern Warriors : Defenders of the Mississippi Delta
The role of presidential advisory systems in US foreign policy-making : the case of the National Security Council and Vietnam, 1953-1961
Red Baron 1. The machine gunners' ball
Hitler's Stuka squadrons : the Ju 87 at war 1936-1945
The American way of remote air warfare
Air conflicts : secret wars : PS4
Elementary education and children's lives during the Second World War in Finland
Abstract.
Call of duty : world at war : PlayStation 3
Tragedy has struck His Majesty's Aerial Corps, as an epidemic of unknown origin and no known cure is decimating the dragons' ranks. Only Temeraire and a pack of newly recruited dragons remain uninfected and must stand as the only means of airborne defense against France's ever bolder sorties. As Bonaparte's dragons harrow Britain's ships, Temeraire and his captain, Will Laurence, take wing to Africa in search of a cure for the deadly contagion
Sotahistoriallinen aikakauskirja = Journal of military history. 18
The Hamlyn concise guide to british aircraft..
Good omens : the nice and accurate prophecies of Agnes Nutter, witch
Combat aircraft of world war two
Letters from home
Participating in Canada's victory : the Finnish community in Canada during World War II
Black powder war
Johnny Red [Volume 3] : Angels over Stalingrad
The Oxford companion to World War II
Estonia gravitates towards Sweden : nordic identity and activist regionalism in world war I
When Britain saved the west : the story of 1940
Luftwaffe fighter aces : the jagdflieger and their combat tactics and techniques
In search of suitable political leadership : Japanese conservatives in occupation plans and policies 1942–1947
Foreign wings over the Basque country : the Spanish war
Early life stress and later health : ‡b cardiovascular disease and general health among former war evacuees
Air War over the Gulf. 8
Ghosts of the Skies : Aviation in the Second World War
The last mission : the secret history of World War II's final battle
The nightingale
Aeronautica română în al doilea război mondial = Romanian aeronautics in the second world war
The lost history of 1914 : how the Great War was not inevitable
Devil at my heels
Battle winning : tanks, aircraft and warships of the World War II
Flying colours /comp. by w. green and g. swan..
"From the #1 New York Times bestselling author comes Kristin Hannah's next novel. It is an epic love story and family drama set at the dawn of World War II. She is the author of twenty-one novels. Her previous novels include Home Front, Night Road, Firefly Lane, Fly Away, and Winter Garden"--
Aircraft of world war II
The ice queen : a novel
Killing the Bismarck : destroying the pride of Hitler's fleet
Cavalry of the Clouds : Air War over Europe 1914-1918
An Illustrated Guide to Military Helicopters
Thunderbolt and Lightning : the jug and the fork-tailed devil
The day gone by : an autobiography
Victory of eagles : a novel of Temeraire
Richthofen : a true history of the Red Baron
Looking into hell : experiences of the Bomber Command War
Tom Clancy's H.A.W.X. 2 : Wii
The kamikaze hunters : fighting for the Pacific, 1945
THE ENCYCLOPEDIA OF AIR WARFARE
Lovers at the Chameleon Club, Paris 1932 : a novel
Motivation Factors in Dark Tourism : case: House of Terror
Stuka attack! : the dive-bombing assault on England during the Battle of Britain
The shoemaker's wife : a novel
"Combining the pulsating drive of Showtime's Homeland with the fascinating historical detail of such of narrative nonfiction bestsellers as Double Cross and In the Garden of Beasts, Dark Invasion is Howard Blum's gritty, high-energy true-life tale of German espionage and terror on American soil during World War I, and the NYPD Inspector who helped uncover the plot--the basis for the film to be produced by and starring Bradley Cooper. When a "neutral" United States becomes a trading partner for the Allies early in World War I, the Germans implement a secret plan to strike back. A team of saboteurs--including an expert on germ warfare, a Harvard professor, and a brilliant, debonair spymaster--devise a series of "mysterious accidents" using explosives and biological weapons, to bring down vital targets such as ships, factories, livestock, and even captains of industry like J.P. Morgan. New York Police Inspector Tom Tunney, head of the department's Bomb Squad, is assigned the difficult mission of stopping them. Assembling a team of loyal operatives, the cunning Irish cop hunts for the conspirators among a population of more than eight million Germans. But the deeper he finds himself in this labyrinth of deception, the more Tunney realizes that the enemy's plan is far more complex and more dangerous than he suspected.Full of drama and intensity, illustrated with eight pages of black and-white photos, Dark Invasion is riveting war thriller that chillingly echoes our own time"--
Drones and unmanned aerial systems : legal and social implications for security and surveillance
An Airpower Prescription
War in the air 1914-45
The mark of Athena
The wild blue : the men and boys who flew the B24s over Germany
Hiroshima : 6 August 1945
Warspite
The last Jews in Berlin
The night watch
The illustrated history of the air forces of World War I & World War II
The new Vichy syndrome : why European intellectuals surrender to barbarism
English summaries.
London 1914-17 : the Zeppelin menace
Tom Clancy's H.A.W.X. 2 : PC DVD-ROM
Plane spotter's guide
War machines : air
This book tackles the regulatory issues of Unmanned Aerial Systems (UAS) or Remotely-Piloted Aerial Systems (RPAS), which have profound consequences for privacy, security and other fundamental liberties. Collectively known as "drones," they were initially deployed for military purposes: reconnaissance, surveillance and extrajudicial executions. Today, we are witnessing a growth of their use into the civilian and humanitarian domain. They are increasingly used for goals as diverse as news gathering, aerial inspection of oil refinery flare stacks, mapping of the Amazonian rain-forest, crop spraying and search and rescue operations. The civil use of drones is becoming a reality in the European Union and in the US.The drone revolution may be a new technological revolution. Proliferation of the next generation of "recreational" drones show how drones will be sold as any other consumer item. The cultural perception of the technology is shifting, as drones are increasingly being used for humanitarian activities, on one hand, but they can also firmly be situated in the prevailing modes of postmodern governance on the other hand. This work will be of interest to researchers in Criminology and Criminal Justice interested in issues related to surveillance, security, privacy, and technology. It will also provide a criminological background for related legal issues, such as privacy law, aviation law, international criminal law, and comparative law.
Knut Pipping's "Infantry company as society" and aspects of some other military sociological studies of small military units
Fighter : the true story of the battle of Britain
The uninvited : a novel
Jane's fighting aircraft of world war II
Finland and the United States, 1917-1919 : early years of mutual relations
Modern Fighting Helicopters : [A Superbly illustrated analysis of today's versatile military rotocraft, their weapons systems and combat tactics]
Red Baron 3. Dungeons and dragons
Wings of the Luftwaffe : flying German aircraft of World War II
Pictorial history of the R.A.F.. Vol. 1, 1918-1939
Israel's Air Force : 1948 to Today
The Luftwaffe : a history
The blitz : a very peculiar history : with no added doodlebugs
Baltimore. Volume 5 : The apostle and the witch or Harju
The lost hero
Unbroken : a World War II story of survival, resilience, and redemption
Little red lies
Wings of death! : Six of the best comic-book adventures from Air ace picture library
The summer isles
Can the art of warfare be systemated?
Call of duty : world at war : Xbox 360, Xbox live
The battle of Britain : July-September 1940
Top gun : hard lock : Playstation 3
White death
Latin America during world war II
The sky's the limit : a study of British air power
Preliminary assessment for replacing the capabilities of the Hornet fleet : final report
Dark invasion : the secret war against the Kaiser's spies
The undertaking
In the shadow of blackbirds
Bloodlands : Europe between Hitler and Stalin
The secret of the swordfish. Part 3 : SX1 strikes back
The War in the Air 1939-1945
Aircraft versus aircraft : the illustrated story of fighter pilot combat from 1914 to the present day
Every man a tiger
The girl with no name
Detail & Scale 38 : F-104 Starfighter. 38
Detail & Scale 12 : F-4 Phantom II. 12
Graphic war : the secret aviation drawings and illustrations of World War II
"Viann and Isabelle have always been close despite their differences. Younger, bolder sister Isabelle lives in Paris while Viann lives a quiet and content life in the French countryside with her husband Antoine and their daughter. When World War II strikes and Antoine is sent off to fight, Viann and Isabelle's father sends Isabelle to help her older sister cope. As the war progresses, it's not only the sisters' relationship that is tested, but also their strength and their individual senses of right and wrong. With life as they know it changing in unbelievably horrific ways, Viann and Isabelle will find themselves facing frightening situations and responding in ways they never thought possible as bravery and resistance take different forms in each of their actions. Vivid and exquiste in its illumination of a time and place that was filled with great monstrosities, but also great humanity and strength, Kristin Hannah's novel will provoke thought and discussion that will have readers talking long after they turn the last page"--
Malta at war
Combat Aircraft of World War II 1943-1944
In 1944 Chicago, Liz Stephens reluctantly agrees to ghostwrite a letter to soldier Morgan McClain, who is stationed overseas, for her friend Betty and becomes torn by her feelings for a man who doesn't know her true identity
Slaughter-house five
The last days of new Paris
Air war over Finland 1939-1945
War and peace in the ancient world
Kill chain : drones and the rise of high-tech assassins
Tom Clancy's H.A.W.X. 2 : Xbox 360
The redbreast
Aces, erks and backroom boys : aircrew, ground staff and warplane builders remember the Second World War
B-17 Flying Fortress
Imagining Europe, imagining the nation : Estonian discussion on European unification, 1923-1957
The Lancaster story
Defending the Motherland : the Soviet women who fought Hitler's aces
Detail & Scale 32 : A-4 Skyhawk. 32
Catch-22
Red phoenix rising : the Soviet Air Force in World War II
The many not the few : the stolen history of the Battle of Britain
The book thief
Imperial Japanese Navy aces 1937-45
The secret of the swordfish. Part 2 : Mortimer's escape
After the war is over : a novel
Modern American Fighters & Attack Aircraft
Red Baron 2. Rain of blood
The wind is not a river
A history of air power
Heroes over Europe : PlayStation 3
A review
His Majesty's dragon
Preventive force : drones, targeted killing, and the transformation of contemporary warfare
A study of World War II from the Latin American perspective, this volume offers an in-depth analysis of the region during wartime. It considers how each country dealt with commonly shared problems - the Axis threat to the national order, the extent of military cooperation with the Allies, and the war's impact on the national economy.
US Navy Hornet Units of Operation Iraqi Freedom (Part Two) (COM 58)
Dam busters : the race to smash the dams, 1943
Malayan spymaster : memoirs of a rubber planter, bandit fighter, and spy
Empire of ivory
Natural born heroes : how a daring band of misfits mastered the lost secrets of strength and endurance
Crime, regulation and control during the Blitz : protecting the population of bombed cities
NATO Major Combat Aircraft
All that is : a novel
Partisans in Yugoslavia : literature, film and visual culture
The Concise Illustrated Book of Top Gun Aircraft
Intergovernmental advocates of refugees : the refugee policy of the League of Nations and the International Labour Organization in the 1920s and 1930s
Moonglow : a novel
The red line : the gripping account of the RAF's bloodiest raid on Hitler's Germany
Hotel on the corner of Bitter and Sweet : a novel
Great American air battle of World War II
Shadowed by grace : a story of monuments men
IL-2 Sturmovik : birds of prey : Xbox 360
Detail & Scale 15 : F9F Panther. 15
US Marine and RAAF Hornet Units of Operation Iraqi Freedom (COM 56)
The Battle of Britain
Childhood in the shadow of war : filled with work and play
The secret of the swordfish. Part 1 : The incredible chase
Crimes committed by totalitarian regimes : crimes and other gross an large scale human rights violations committed during the reign of totalitarian regimes in Europe : cross-national survey of crimes committed and of their remembrance, recognition, redress, and reconciliation : reports and proceedings of the 8 April European hearing on "Crimes committed by totalitarian regimes", organised by the Slovenian Presidency of the Council of the European Union (January-June 2008) and the European Commission
American Spitfire aces of World War 2
The bomber balloon
Red spies in America : stolen secrets and the dawn of the Cold War
Eighth air force bomber stories : eye witness accounts from American airmen and British civilians in the second world war
Commando: Battle of Britain scramble! : The 10 best Commando Battle of Britain comic books ever!
The naval air war 1939-1945
Wake up and dream
World war II. United States aircraft
Terror was central to the Nazi regime, and the Nazi concentration camps were places of horror where prisoners were dehumanized and robbed of their dignity and where millions were murdered. How did prisoners cope with the brutal and degrading conditions of life within the camps? In this highly original book Maja Suderland takes the reader inside the concentration camps and examines the everyday social life of prisoners - their daily activities and routines, the social relationships and networks they created and the strategies they developed to cope with the harsh conditions and the brutality of the guards. Without overlooking the violence of the camps, the contradictions of camp life or the elusive complexity of the multicultural prisoner society, Suderland explores the hidden social practices that enabled prisoners to preserve their human dignity and create a sense of individuality and community despite the appalling circumstances. This remarkable account of social life in extreme conditions will be of great interest to students and scholars in history, sociology and the social sciences generally, as well as to a wider readership interested in the Holocaust and the concentration camps.
Japanese Army Air Force Aces 1937-45
Jane's fighting aircraft of World War II ; foreword by Bill Gunston
Heroes fly high! : Six of the best Commando RAF comic books ever!
Focke Wulf FW 190 in action
The worldview of Robert Morris : the case of a man of practice in the American revolutionary era
Air warfare : the encyclopedia of 20th century conflict
Tom Clancy's H.A.W.X. 2 : PlayStation 3
Wild Blue : 741 Squadron - on a wing and a prayer over occupied Europe
Warplanes of the Future : The Most Exciting Combat Aircraft Being Designed Today..
Harrier in Action
World War II. Japanese & Italian aircraft
A higher call : the incredible true story of heroism and chivalry during the Second World War
Fighters
On a September day in Manhattan in 1939, twenty-something Caroline Ferriday is consumed by her efforts to secure the perfect boutonniere for an important French diplomat and resisting the romantic advances of a married actor. Meanwhile across the Atlantic, Kasia Kuzmerick, a Polish Catholic teenager, is nervously anticipating the changes that are sure to come since Germany has declared war on Poland. As tensions rise abroad - and in her personal life - Caroline's interest in aiding the war effort in France grows and she eventually comes to hear about the dire situation at the Ravensbruck all-female concentration camp. At the same time, Kasia's carefree youth is quickly slipping away, only to be replaced by a fervor for the Polish resistance movement. Through Ravensbruck - and the horrific atrocities taking place there told in part by an infamous German surgeon, Herta Oberheuser - the two women's lives will converge in unprecedented ways and a novel of redemption and hope emerges that is breathtaking in scope and depth.
A Surrealist bomb transfigures war-torn Paris into a phantasmagoric dreamscape, unleashing a race of nightmarish creatures.
This thesis concerns feminist sociological analysis of war loss and its consequences as experienced and told by Finnish Karelian war widows of World War 2. They lost their partners and had to leave their homes by force, when Karelia was evacuated twice in 1939\1944. Over 400,000 refugees from this ceded South-Eastern area were permanently resettled elsewhere in Finland. Finnish war widows\2019 telling of history has been missing from academic research, for this the subject has not been investigated prior to this present work. The research material the thesis reports on was gathered in interviews with five Karelian war widows, through examining Karelian life stories in the Finnish Literature Society\2019s Folklore Archive, and also researching war widows\2019 assistance pension letters in the State Treasury.
A man bears witness to his grandfather's deathbed confessions, which reveal his family's long-buried history and his involvement in a mail-order novelty company, World War II, and the space program.
Air conflicts : Pacific carriers : PlayStation 3
Good people
