http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14765 group dynamics
group dynamics
More quick team-building activities for busy managers : 50 new exercises that get results in just 15 minutes
The everything managing people book : Quick and easy ways to build, motivate, and nurture a first-rate team
Ensemble theatre making : a practical guide
The skills of human relations training : a guide for managers and practitioners
Successional changes in vegetation and carbon dynamics during boreal mire development
Sociology : inquiries into the construction of social forms. Volume 2
Scapegoat : a history of blaming other people
The book Managing Virtual Teams explores the critical elements that must be considered in managing virtual teams in organizations from structural, managerial, and process points-of-view. Based in solid research, the book provides a deep look at the nature of virtual teams and the factors that enable their success.Using a text-analysis method, the book consolidates results from both academic and practitioners' sources about virtual team inputs, processes, and outcomes. It lays out in clear detail the key characteristics of virtual teams and traces their emergence within organizations and research literature. Managing Virtual Teams addresses the particular practices of virtual teams, not only technological-focused but also socio-emotional, including the managerial attitudes required in virtual environments seeking well-performing teams. Incorporating case studies and research results, this book demonstrates how academic research can be used to successfully manage businesses in a virtual context.This book is a valuable contribution with clear guidelines for managerial practice, both for researchers interested in learning about virtual teams and to managers and organizations dealing with the challenges of managing them. Students will also benefit from this book as they learn how to become effective and operational virtual team members, and in future, successful managers.
Group dynamics in sport
Research methods for studying groups and teams : a guide to approaches, tools, and technologies
Group dynamics
Theory of groupwork practice
Case studies in human resource management
Invisible dynamics : systemic constellations in organisations and in business
Conceptualizing and counteracting the bullying dynamic : classroom and school contexts matter
Resolving social conflicts : selected papers on group dynamics
A primer on organizational behavior
Grounded in psychology research but with a practical focus on organizational behaviour issues, this book helps readers understand and participate in teams more effectively in day-to-day work. Incorporating the latest research throughout, Daniel Levi's Fifth Edition explains the basic psychological concepts of group dynamics, focusing on their application with teams in the workplace. Grounded in psychology research and a practical focus on organizational behavior issues, this engaging book helps readers understand and more effectively participate in teams.
A new-media company in transition : trust and communication double-binds in a small organization : an activity theoretical research
Traumatic experience in the unconscious life of groups : the fourth basic assumption : incohesion : aggregation/massification or (ba) I:A/M
Flow, gesture, and spaces in free jazz : towards a theory of collaboration
Dynamics of crowd minds : patterns of irrationality in emotions, beliefs and actions
Psychological Perspectives on Ethical Behavior and Decision Making
Moving beyond icebreakers : an innovative approach to group facilitation, learning, and action
Managing group life : communicating in decision-making groups
Exile and religious identity, 1500-1800
Moral tribes : emotion, reason, and the gap between us and them
Group microskills : culture-centered group process and strategies
School bullies' quest for power : implications for group dynamics and intervention
Organizational behavior : essentials for improving performance and commitment
Double stimulation, motives and agency : the experiment of the "meaningless situation" with groups of participants : research plan
The complete facilitator's handbook
Groupthink : an inquiry into the vicissitudes of regressive group processes
Organizational behavior and management
Collective guilt : international perspectives
Organizational behavior : securing competitive advantage
Social psychology. Vol. 4, Intergroup behavior and societal context
"Visual thinking expert Sunni Brown has created The Doodle Revolution as a kick-starter guide for igniting and applying simple visual language to any challenge. The instinctive and universal act of doodling need only be unleashed in order to innovate, solve problems, and elevate cognitive performance instantly. With humor, wit, and a commitment to disrupting our perceptions of doodling, Brown teaches us how to: Doodle any object, concept, or system imaginable. Invent, innovate, and solve messy problems. Transform text into a visual display that engages an audience. Explain the relevance of visual literacy to leaders at work and at school"--
Sociology : social science and social concern
Group dynamics and team interventions : understanding and improving team performance
When groups meet : the dynamics of intergroup contact
Improving intergroup relations : building on the legacy of Thomas F. Pettigrew
Dare to think the unthought known?
Strength cards = Vahvuuskortit
Crowds
Peoples : the ethnic dimension in human relations
Group dynamics : research and theory
ICT Tools and Group Dynamics : ICT Tools Enhancing the Communication in Intercultural Project Teams Alternatively Working in a Collocated and Virtual Context at the Forming and Storming Stages
Ensemble Theatre Making: A Practical Guide is the first comprehensive diagnostic handbook for building, caring for and maintaining ensemble. Successful ensembles don't happen by chance: they can be created, nurtured and maintained through specific actions taken by ensemble leaders and members. Ensemble Theatre Making provides a thorough step-by-step process to consistently achieve the collaborative dynamic that leads to the group trust, commitment and sacrifice necessary for the success of a common goal. Through planning and preparation, investigating the essential building blocks of ensemble, identifying ensemble behaviours and techniques of responding to those behaviours, Ensemble Theatre Making gives tools, techniques and recipes for bringing ensemble from the realm of luck into a grounded practice. This conversational, straight-forward guide gives clarity and practical guidance to the sometimes mystifying questions of what creates ensemble bonds, how to fix them when they start to break, and how to strengthen and protect them.
Organizational behavior : a management challenge
Advances in sport psychology
Expatriate adjustment of Finnish peacekeepers : peacekeepers in the KFOR operation in Kosovo
Online collective action : dynamics of the crowd in socia media
Psychology for social work theory and practice
This clear and engaging book explains the basic psychological concepts of group dynamics with a focus on their application with teams in the workplace. Grounded in psychology research but with a practical focus on organizational behavior issues, this book helps readers understand and participate in teams more effectively in day-to-day work.
Social interaction of a small-group focus : group discussion as a method of studying group dynamics
Designing and investigating pedagogical scripts to facilitate computer-supported collaborative learning
The creative connection for groups : person-centered expressive arts for healing and social change
Bullying : the social destruction of self
Group dynamics in flipped learning situations in higher education
Sport psychology
The fundamentals of small group communication
”Big, strong, brave, - all kinds of stuff”. Masculinities, power hierarchies, and violence in school.
Strong teams can be one of the greatest strengths of an organization-just as poor teams can spell disaster. Group Dynamics and Team Interventions brings research and practice together to offer proven application and intervention techniques to help optimize team functioning in the workplace. A benefit to academics and practitioners alike, this book provides readers with a better understanding of the dynamics that inform team behavior, along with assessment tools and practical techniques to create and maintain high-performing teams.
Prejudice : its social psychology
Understanding collective pride and group identity : new directions in emotion theory, research and practice
The situated politics of belonging
Intentional group counseling : a microskills approach
Social contact and attitude change : a case of homeless men living in a dormitory
School bullying : new theories in context
Group processes
Facilitating groups
Group processes : an introduction to group dynamics
Elements of group counseling : back to the basics
Managing virtual teams
Understanding group behavior of boys and girls
Strategy and group choice
Group dynamics : the psychology of small group behavior
"A fearless guide to awakening your mind using simple visual language What do Einstein, Edison, Richard Feynman, Henry Ford, and JFK have in common? Like virtually all heavy-hitting thinkers, they looked beyond just words and numbers to get intellectual and creative insights. They actively applied a deceptively simple tool to think both smarter and faster: the doodle. And so can the rest of us-zero artistic talent required. Visual thinking expert Sunni Brown has created The Doodle Revolution as a kick-starter guide for igniting and applying simple visual language to any challenge. The instinctive and universal act of doodling need only be unleashed in order to innovate, solve problems, and elevate cognitive performance instantly. With humor, wit, and a commitment to disrupting our perceptions of doodling, Brown teaches us how to: Doodle any object, concept, or system imaginable. Invent, innovate, and solve messy problems. Transform text into a visual display that engages an audience. Explain the relevance of visual literacy to leaders at work and at school. Despite what our culture suggests, doodling and sketching are powerful tools and they are for everyone, not just artsy types. It's time we recognize visual literacy as a fundamental requirement for the future"--
The Pfeiffer book of successful team-building tools : best of the annuals
Working in teams : moving from high potential to high performance
Living groups : group psychotherapy and general system theory
Blackwell handbook of social psychology : group processes
Collaborative circles : friendship dynamics & creative work
Group cohesion, trust and solidarity
Group dynamics and emotional expression
Personality and performance : foundations for managerial psychology
Group dynamics for teams
The wisdom of teams : creating the high-performance organization
The connection between weight loss and interaction of a peer support group
The doodle revolution : unlock the power to think differently
The performer's guide to the collaborative process
Theories of small groups : interdisciplinary perspectives
Group dynamics and communication in culturally diverse work groups : cultural cooperative ExClaM!
Joining together : group theory and group skills
Project team dynamics : enhancing performance, improving results
Working more creatively with groups
Group dynamics in exercise and sport psychology : contemporary themes
Informal roles within eSport teams : a content analysis of the game 'Counter-Strike: Global Offensive
Abstract: "Big, strong, brave, - all kinds of stuff" : masculinities, power hierarchies, and violence in school.
APA handbook of personality and social psychology. Vol. 2, Group processes
Large group interventions : engaging the whole system for rapid change
Creating effective teams : a guide for members and leaders
Psychological foundations of sport
Working with groups
Crosscutting social circles : testing a macrostructural theory of intergroup relations
Introduction to work psychology
Group dynamics and organizational culture : effective work groups and organizations
Online focus groups in teenager marketing research
Groupwork practice for social workers
Characteristics of Finnish medical and engineering research group work
Thoroughly revised, enlarged, and redesigned, the long-awaited second edition of Harvey J. Bertcher and Frank F. Maple's Creating Groups presents useful guidelines for effectively composing new groups and modifying existing ones. It provides techniques and exercises based on the most recent group therapy research to help develop groups that can meet a variety of personal, organizational, and community goals. This new, expanded edition includes all steps that go into the creation of a group, from the idea of starting a group to planning for and conducting a first meeting. In addition, this practical volume has been updated to address factors of race and gender in groups and the empowerment of potential members in the group composition process.
Group effectiveness in organizations
Community psychology : in pursuit of liberation and well-being
Creative advances in groupwork
Postmodern Spain : a cultural analysis of 1980s-1990s Spanish culture
Sociology : inquiries into the construction of social forms. Volume 1
Social psychology. Vol. 3, People in groups
Creating groups
Promoting group creativity in upstream requirements engineering
Small groups as complex systems : formation, coordination, development and adaptation
Essentials of organizational behavior
Group processes : a developmental perspective
People, psychology and business
The synergist : how to lead your team to predictable success
How to manage meetings : improve problem solving, encourage participation, keep control
Innovative professional competences from multidisciplinary learning projects : handbook for project hatchery tutors
The power of the group
The large group re-visited : the herd, primal horde, crowds and masses
Organizational behavior
Human groups
Team leadership in action : principles and application to staff nursing situations
