http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14784 business ideas
business ideas
The objective is to measure direct and indirect competitors’ operating strategies, in order to evaluate their performance and make comparisons. The results are essential information for Coyoacán restaurant that will open on November 2014 on the street of Hallituskatu number 27. The 5 companies chosen represent the median values of all the competitors under a 93.75% certainty. The chosen “Subjects of Study” are: 1) Burgeribaari Kauppuri 5 (Bar & Grill Kauppuri 5 Oy) Fast-Food/Bar 2) Fit Wok (The Wokers Oy) 3) Indian Cuisine (Katiusa Oy) 4) Kiinalainen Ravintola Flavour Palace (Suo Zi Oy) 5) Tuba Food & Lounge (Oulu Tours Gorup Oy) Fast-Food/Bar Two “Subjects of Study” represent the Fast-Food/Bar business model, which is a trend of business model that many restaurants and bars are adopting, and they seem to be as well the most successful restaurants in Oulu city center area. Information is collected throughout two main sources researched, interviews and observation. First and second hand sources such as interviews, printed and online materials. All data gathered is spread into two main categories: The Marketing Mix 4 p’s and Jim Collin’s framework. With a 93.75% of certainty this research found out that the Business Model of the Fast-Food/Bar is the most efficient. The sales of alcohol, customer service features and logistics result in highly performance numbers. Subjects of study that fit with this business model are close to tripling the Net Sales of year 2013 in comparison to the rest of the companies. There is no evidence that necessarily hamburgers and beer is the key for success. However it is interesting to point-out that there is still not a Fast-Food/Bar in Oulu that wisely uses the same business model and presents a different menu with interesting and new ideas.
Developing a business idea for a wedding planner : case: Easily Ever After
Innovations as communication processes : a legal architecture for governing ideas in business
The elaboration of international business idea
This thesis was based on the personal research and observations made for a takeover business in Tampere city. Research methods included the gathering of past and current information. Gathering of knowledge on the competitors and the potential of the city as a market/demand area was made by personal observations. This process continued for two years. A qualitative research method was used to conduct the investment in food and beverage sector in Tampere city centre. A personal observation was made to get a more thorough picture of the current situation in food and beverage sector within the city centre. On the basis of the observations, interviews with a chosen sample group and entrepreneurs were made.    This research was conducted in Tampere, known for its industrial past and colourful entertainment life. This study focuses on a food and beverage enterprise operating within Tampere city centre. The aim was to examine marketing strategies of intangible goods and research whether it is a feasible idea to invest in food and beverage sector of the hospitality industry in Tampere city centre. In order to find out whether it is plausible as a business venture, research and observations were made and conclusions and basic business suggestions are presented at the end of this study. Some valuable information that could have been gathered from interviewing and co-operating with competitors was not possible to gain. Also as this research was concentrated on a privately owned enterprise and as it was a possible takeover, the actual business strategy and analysis for this new venture were kept only at the most necessary level to keep the study concise.     Based on the personal observations, investment in an existing hospitality enterprise was quite a risky business attempt due to the current market situation after recent global recession and market equilibrium.  In the writer's opinion and on the basis of the made research and observations the takeover of the enterprise was worth pursuing but at a more suitable time with a unique concept as risks may be smaller at the present time.
Disrupt you! : master personal transformation, seize opportunity, and thrive in the era of endless innovation
DRIVE YOUR IDEA TO ENTREPRENEURIAL SUCCESS
Restaurant-bar strategic behaviors in Oulu city centre 2014: analysis of competitive advantage, performance patterns and success-achievement results
Start your business week by week : how to plan and launch your successful business - one step at a time
Handbook of marketing and finance
"In today's volatile business landscape, adaptability and creativity are more crucial than ever. It is no longer possible-or even desirable-to learn one set of job skills and to work your way up the ladder. At the same time, entrepreneurs with great ideas for new products or technologies that could change the world often struggle to capture the attention of venture capital firms and incubators; finding the funding necessary to launch a start-up can feel impossible. The business leaders of our future must anticipate change to create their own opportunities for personal satisfaction and professional success. In Disrupt You!, Jay Samit, a digital media expert who has launched, grown, and sold start-ups and Fortune 500 companies alike, describes the unique method he has used to invent new markets and expand established businesses.  Samit has been at the helm of businesses in the ecommerce, digital video, social media, mobile communications, and software industries, helping to navigate them through turbulent economic times and guide them through necessary transformation so that they stay ahead of the curve. In Disrupt You!, he reveals how specific strategies that help companies flourish can be applied at an individual level to help anyone can achieve success and lasting prosperity-without needing to raise funds from outside investors.  Incorporating stories from his own experience and anecdotes from other innovators and disruptive businesses-including Richard Branson, Steve Jobs, Elon Musk, YouTube, Circ du Soleil, Odor Eaters, Iams, Silly Putty, and many more-Samit shows how personal transformation can reap entrepreneurial and professional rewards. Disrupt You! offers clear and empowering advice for anyone looking to break through; for anyone with a big idea but with no idea how to apply it; and for anyone worried about being made irrelevant in an era of technological transformation. This engaging, perspective-shifting book demystifies the mechanics of disruption for individuals and businesses alike"
Starbucked : a double tall tale of caffeine, commerce & culture
The 100 greatest sales ideas of all time
Start it up : Why running your own business is easier than you think
"According to USA Today, fifty percent of today's college students want to be an entrepreneur. And the jobless recovery of our recent recession and the realities of our always-changing world mean that everyone now needs to think like an innovator. Small startups are displacing hundred-year-old companies virtually overnight. The business landscape is more volatile--and full of possibility--than ever. A serial entrepreneur who has been at the forefront of global trends for over thirty years, Jay Samit spent his career studying the system successful disruptors employ to achieve greatness. In Disrupt Yourself, he distills that process into steps that can be practiced by anyone. Virgin, Apple, Microsoft, and eBay were all founded by disruptors who questioned their assumptions, designed their own life paths, found ideas that solved big problems, and then pivoted their energies to do it all over again. Samit shows how he made a career launching businesses, selling them, and then reinventing himself to do it again and in Disrupt Yourself, he shows how others can do it too. With the practical insight of Marshall Goldsmith and the no-holds-barred style of Tim Ferriss, digital innovator Jay Samit shows how all successful entrepreneurs and business leaders maximize opportunity, drive change, and achieve resilience. This groundbreaking book is an essential guide for those yearning for professional success in an unstable world"--
The idea of starting my own business has been developing at least for the last two years. The educational area for a future business has been selected based on a Russian language teacher's background and the business knowledge attained during my studies at Haaga-Helia. This thesis was intended to prepare the initial research for the development of a future business idea. The area of the new start up that was researched was Russian language studies and speech therapy for children. The objective of the project was to research the need for this new start up, to define its potential customer groups and to research the competition. The purpose of the research was to propose the most suitable service for potential customers, based on the collected data. The research was implemented by analyzing qualitative data, gathered by means of personal interviews and my own observations. The empirical part was made in December 2013 and January 2014, during which time active research was undertaken and interviews were held. The research resulted in suggesting products for a new start up, which is split into the following three groups: literature lessons for different age groups of young students, Russian language lessons for different age groups and speech therapy lessons. The growth of the Russian-speaking population, potential clients' wishes and the products that competitors offer were all taking into consideration when suggesting these specific services.
Developing a business plan for "Bouillon" restaurant in Ruoholahti
Innovation Through Cooperation : The Emergence of an Idea Economy
Successful pubs and inns
Potential demand for a sushi bar in Varkaus
Business plans that work : for your small business
Summary. Concluding remarks (s. 417-426).
Presently, there is a need for development of new companies and growth of existing enterprises. Likewise, there is an academic interest in Lean start-up concept. Hence, this thesis investigates how potential entrepreneurs, small business owners and innovators can test and commercialise their business ideas and innovations using the Lean start-up technique. It tries to facilitate entrepreneurial motivation by encouraging these people. The main goals of the thesis are to present application of Lean start-up method in a real-life situation, awareness of the technique in Finland and how it can be applied by the entrepreneurs. In order to achieve the above-mentioned goals, research variables were identified from the Lean start-up theory and related previous studies. These variables are knowledge and theme, principles, stages, application and benefits of Lean start-up technique. These variables were examined using qualitative and quantitative research methods.Observation and interview were used for the qualitative research method while online survey was used as the quantitative method. Five small companies were observed for 3 to 5 months and five experienced entrepreneurs were interviewed. Similarly, 18 best Finnish start-ups (in 2014) and 56 students/recent graduates participated in the online survey. Furthermore, content analysis and descriptive statistical methods were used to analyse collected data. The research results showed that the technique was well known among experienced entrepreneurs. Engineering students and many participants would like to have more knowledge about it. Additionally, th ose who know the concept state that its theme centres on: (a) testing of ideas, new features and new product/services; (b) developing of acceptable products and services; (c) minimising cost and utilising resources, and (e) establishing sustainable businesses..The results revealed further that principles and stages of the technique depend on nature and type of offer, stage of start-up development and type of start-up team. It was also revealed that the technique was applied and it can be applied to any industry though it is more applicable to technological oriented industries. Lastly, it was mentioned by the research participants that cost reduction and better utilisation of resources are the main benefits of the technique. Experience entrepreneurs added that other business development model, like NPD model, focus group testing, core benefit testing and personal intuition, should be used in conjunction with the Lean start-up technique. The research results were summarised and a core knowledge was developed. The core knowledge was applied by the investigator and it was proved that the technique can be used to test business ideas. Hence, it was concluded the technique can be applied to test business ideas and commercialise innovation.Therefore, it seems that the technique is resourceful for the entrepreneurs, technologists, scientists and business students though there is a need for future studies with a large sample and for a long duration.
Lonely homes
Good small business guide : how to start and grow your own business
Special atmosphere themes for foodservice
100 great business ideas : from leading companies around the world
The implementation of differentiation strategy in cafe industry in Turku
400 latest greatest small business ideas from around the world
Corporate combat against intellectual property infringements : when intellectual property rights fail to suffice
Feasibility Analysis of Laundry Lounge in Vietnam, Targeting Students : Start-up X, Ho Chi Minh, Vietnam
Confessions of a compulsive entrepreneur and inventor : how I secured fifteen patents, started ten companies, and became a pioneer on the internet
Comparison of the success factors of service station and roadside restaurants in Finland and in the Netherlands
Establishing an oriental business in Finland : case: start-up Vietnamese handmade home-textiles company
The Marketing-Orientated Business Plan for a Company-To-Be, Case: Lauriida
Next generation business handbook
Are you looking for a great idea or some inspiration to make your business more effective and cutting edge? Do you need to motivate and inspire your employees, shareholders or customers? Do you need to turbocharge your career? Do you want to do things differently?
Build a green small business : profitable ways to become an ecopreneur
The story of Nike / Aaron Frisch
Buying and running a small hotel : the complete guide to setting up and managing your own hotel, guest house or B & B
Pre-business plan for bag shop
The author of the following thesis has a plan of founding a casual restaurant called "Bouillon" in Ruoholahti in a few years time, therefore this project-based thesis represents a planning work for this venture.     The idea behind this project was to create an efficient and persuasive business plan, which will provide enough arguments for acquiring an investors' loan. The second objective of this paper was to prepare a summarized list of the core characteristics of a future restaurant that would become a base for building the competitive business strategy of it. The paper also aims to develop working tools for managing the future company in the right direction until it gets a solid position in the desired market niche.    The last objective of this thesis was to study how it is possible to minimize the risks of failing the future business. For that author has researched, based on the literature review and personal working experience, what is the restaurant culture in Finland like and how has it evolved through the times. After assessing the most valued restaurant characteristics in Finland, the author concludes that it is price to value ratio (good quality and affordable prices), that has potentially the highest margin of success in Finnish dining out culture. Thereafter, she scrutinizes what are the critical points in the restaurant management that can be accordingly regulated in order to equalize the ratio in the future "Bouillon" restaurant.      As the result, the author will have a completed business plan for presenting it to the potential investors. The thesis shall also provide the author with more confidence in her endeavour by setting the frames for a business development direction. Moreover this work will also present readymade tools for maintaining the sustainable competitiveness of the "Bouillon" restaurant.
Business plan for a european style coffee shop in Ho Chi Minh city : case: AT Ltd. Company
Product idea to product success : a complete step-by-step guide to making money from your idea
Design approach in creating a business concept and strategy : a study on design thinking in start-up businesses
Changed outbound logistics activities
The seventh sense : how flashes of insight change your life
The business of creativity : how to build the right team for success
Business Plan for Establishing a Chinese Café in Finland  : case: Voikukka Café
PK Tradesman Tmi  Developing marketing in a multicultural environment
Business plan for a fashion brand : case: MW Oy
Raising the bar : integrity and  passion in life and business : a journey toward sustaining your business, brand, people, community, and the planet
The story of McDonald's / Sara Gilbert
Business idea into reality : case : start-up company of gala dresses
The story of Coca-Cola / Valerie Bodden
Restaurant-bar strategic behaviors in Oulu city centre 2014 : analysis of competitive advantage, performance patterns and success-achievement results
Business plan : case: Hemma Bäst
Helpful sources for starting a business in Vaasa, Finland : case: micro and small foreign enterprises
Opportunities : a handbook of business opportunity search
The first steps for starting global businesses in Finland - From idea until the business plan : Project: Barisma – The worldwide website for bars, nightclubs and cafes
A practical guide to entrepreneurship : how to turn an idea into a profitable business
Discusses the radical companies of the new Silicon Valley that are rewriting the rules of business and sidestepping ethical and legal obstacles in the process.
Changes and challenges of the digitalization / industry 4.0 for future business models in facility management
Market research for a new start up
Production transfer process at Eimo OYJ
The Financial Times guide to business start up 2014
Institutional entrepreneurs and structural holes in new field emergence : comparative case study of cholesterol-lowering functional foods and nanotechnology in Finland
An Idea A Day : 365 great business ideas for each day of the year
Blockbusters : why big hits - and big risks - are the future of the entertainment business
Marketing Strategy Study For Customized Humidors In East Ontario Area
Productization of a Web Service : PREPD Presentation Tool
Amazing business train : coach's manual
What business should I start? : 7 steps to discovering the ideal business for you / Rhonda Abrams, Paul Barrow
When employees leap to self-employment : do business ideas, occupations and policy matter?
Situation in Engineering Universities of Applied Science in Oulu and  Eindhoven to teach methods to achieve innovations in businesses
Delivering happiness : a path to profits, passion, and purpose
The smart entrepreneur : how to build for a successful business
Instant entrepreneur : the faster way to start-up success
Mission : how the best in business break through
Anatomy of a business plan : a step-by-step guide to building a business and securing your company's future
Game changer : how to make an impact in a fast moving world
Creativity and business workbook : practical tools for business development in the creative sector
Development of an enterprise in food and beverage sector of Tampere
How to be a successful entrepreneur : spot the opportunity, take the risk and build a brilliant business
Starting an Organic Café in Vaasa
The restaurant : from concept to operation. Student workbook
The rules of entrepreneurship
The energy market in Nigeria and business opportunities
The American restaurant : merchandising and menu design
Best practice in business incubation
The  rehelibilitation and redeveplopment of the Italian lighthouses for turism / receptive uses as a business sustainable idea, on the model of North America, Australia and Northern Europe
The purpose of this thesis project is to create a business plan for a small restaurant business potentially located in Helsinki downtown area. The subject is approached with aid of financial management and financial planning theory.     The business plan of a café was developed based on the experience and knowledge obtained during studies at Haaga-Helia UAS, with usage of existent literature on entrepreneurship and financial management. The main objectives of the plan creation are clarification of the business idea; market analysis; calculation of business's financial solvency; development of basic marketing strategy. Most of the findings are supported by figures and calculations. The business plan aims to create a constructive and structured dialog with potential investors. The business idea belongs to thesis author and the business plan itself will be potentially used by the author to start up her own business in the future.     The project was conducted the following way – first, literature research on the topic, this was mainly business plan creation literature, as well as professional literature on restaurant management, human recourse management and finance. After literature review - the implementation of received knowledge in practice of creation of a business plan. Literature research provided a lot of support to the structure of both report and business plan, as well as it gave the ideas on what topics should be included and particularly overviewed.     The outcome of this project is a complete written business plan, which can be used immediately for business foundation and/or venture capital search. Main objectives of the project were successfully reached. The creation of a written business plan helped the author not only clarify the idea and make certain calculations, it also helped to realize main pros and cons (e.g. such as problems with finding a proper premise with a reasonable price) and be ready to conduct a constructive dialog to potential investors supported by figures.
SuperBusiness : how I started SuperJam from my gran's kitchen
Developing a European Youth Hostel Concept  : Case: May Hostel, Ho Chi Minh City
The restaurant : from concept to operation
Business plan for establishing an auto car-washing service in Hanoi, Vietnam
SimplySeven : seven ways to create a sustainable Internet business
Open innovation : the new imperative for creating and profiting from technology
Corporate policy and governance : how organizations self-organize
Abstract: Business plan for a small company in the field of interior and gift items.
The Financial Times guide to business start up 2009
The objective of this Bachelor  ́s thesis was to produce a feasible business plan for a cake bakery in Helsinki. The end users of project outcome, the business plan, are one of the authors with another HAAGA-HELIA graduate. The plan is also a tool for the end users for assessing the personal readiness for becoming an entrepreneur as well as for assessing the business idea and the operational plan. Second, the plan is needed to prove that the business idea is viable and to obtain financial resources. The aim is to utilize the plan and to start the business by the end of year 2010. The theoretical framework of this thesis is about entrepreneurship, business planning in perspective of starting a new business, and project management. The focus is in business plan and its content. The theory for project management supported the planning and implementation of the project. The project implementation began with the business plan development, which started with the information gained in the Entrepreneurship information session given by EnterpriseHelsinki. Business plan was written according to the EnterpriseHelsinki business and the research was done by using secondary data. The project was successfully completed on March 29th. The business plan suggested that there is a realistic opportunity for a profitable cake bakery business in Töölö, Helsinki. Finally, the business plan was reviewed and analysed by an Enterprise Helsinki business advisor. The advisor evaluated the coherence of the business idea, its profitability and realism. After the evaluation the advisor gave his recommendation on further action. According to the business advisor evaluation, the business plan contains sufficient information for applying for a loan from Finnvera. KultaKakku  ́s vision for the next five years after the start-up is to become a supplier of cakes and bakery goods for local restaurants, coffee houses, grocers and catering. The founders of KultaKakku also see the possibilities to open other cake shops in different areas of Helsinki.
How to start and run your own restaurant
Leading the revolution : how to thrive in turbulent times by making innovation a way of life
"Flashes of insight -- the Eureka! moments that produce new and useful ideas in a single thought -- are behind some of the world's most creative and practical innovations. This book shows how to cultivate more and better flashes of insight by harnessing the science and practice of the seventh sense. Drawing from recent findings in psychology, neuroscience, Asian philosophy, and military strategy, Duggan illustrates the power of the seventh sense to help readers aspire to and achieve more in their personal and professional lives. His examples include Gandhi, Joan of Arc, Starbucks founder Howard Shultz, and executives and students he has taught in his classes. His book presents specific steps in the form of three practical tools to help prepare the mind, see and seize opportunity, and follow through on one's resolution. Based on Duggan's perennially popular Columbia Business School course, this book teaches the mental skills and discipline that power the seventh sense." -- Book jacket.
Consumer preferences for new restaurant concepts - 1986
Starting and running  a catering business : how to start and manage a successful enterprise
Starting up : archieving success with professional business planning
The go-giver : a little story about a powerful business idea
None of us is as good  as all of us : how McDonald's prospers by embracing inclusion and diversity
New business creation : systems for institutionalized radiacal innovation management
From idea to plan : a business plan for SkyTouch Ltd
Business plans for dummies
Disrupt yourself : master personal transformation, seize oppotunity and thrive in the era of endless innovation
Do more faster : techstars lessons to accelerate your startup
Common sense rules : what you really need to know about business
Thailand : the business traveller's handbook
Innovation engine : driving execution for breakthrough results
How to write a business plan
Establishing a Small Enterprise in Varkaus and Factors behind Success  and Failure of Small Businesses
6 simple steps to 6 figures for the solo service professional : how to create your lifestyle business based on your passion for serving others
Importing Motorbikes from Estonia to Finland : case: Oliver Kuisma Motorbikes FIE
How to use lean start-up technique to test business ideas
The Airbnb story : how three guys disrupted an industry, made billions of dollars ... and plenty of enemies
Conducting a business plan for facial mask products in Finland
Business Plan for a New Online Clothing Store
Sales, marketing and value creation process : Introduction of a new marketing and sales process at Big Ben Gear
Financial aspects of a small hospitality business planning : through the example of a business plan of a café in Helsinki downtown
Loopa : a business development method for entrepreneurs : how to turn your business idea into a hit with customers!
The Rudolph Factor : Finding the bright lights that drive innovation in your business
A feasibility study of an organic and local grocery store in Järvenpää
The viability and market demand of Ballin'
The Business Plan : Organic Farm in Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam
Starting and running a sandwich-coffee bar : an insider guide
Business plan : establishing a Vietnamese lantern company in Finland
The plan-as-you-go business plan
Formulating a feasible business idea in Finland : case: Silta Consultancy Oy
INTERGRATION TO FINNISH SOCIETY THROUGH ENTREPRENEURSHIP STUDIES OF BUSINESS FACTORY : CASE STUDY : HILINA GIZAW
Business plan for a cake bakery
The myths of creativity : the truth about how innovative companies and people generate great ideas
The 1st Nordic Innovation Research Conference - Finnkampen
Many people have great ideas. Without the necessary skills and means most never get to realize them. If they could cooperate with competent firms and entrepreneurs together both could achieve much and this is increasingly happening. Mechanisms are being established making a division of labour between inventors and implementers a reality. This is changing the nature of innovation from an internal R&D, or purely entrepreneurial attempt, to a more cooperative innovation. An Idea Economy emerges, where anyone has the possibility to profit from their ideas, and everyone will benefit from more and better innovation. This book presents us the emergence and structure of the Idea Economy by extending the seminal concepts of Entrepreneurial Society and Open Innovation. Part I describes the big picture on how innovation is evolving, where we are today, and what an Idea Economy will look like. Part II points the way forward, discussing in detail on how cooperation in the innovation process works, and why this is only recently becoming possible.
The upstarts : how Uber, Airbnb, and the killer companies of the new Silicon Valley are changing the world
The business book
