http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14775 husbands
husbands married men
We are all made of stars
The hand on the mirror : a true story of life beyond death
The war of the wives
10th anniversary
My everything
Pieces of you
You, me & other people
Heartless
The fire child
The rose garden
The neighbour
Bincheo
The marriage charm
The tenant of Wildfell Hall
The man who disappeared
Nutshell
Sanhaeng = A walk in the mountains
Live wire
"#1 New York Times bestseller Harlan Coben delivers his next impossible-to-put-down thriller.  In the course of eight consecutive #1 New York Times bestsellers, millions of readers have discovered Harlan Coben's page-turning thrillers, filled with his trademark edge-of-your-seat suspense and gut-wrenching emotion. In Fool Me Once, Coben once again outdoes himself.  Former special ops pilot Maya, home from the war, sees an unthinkable image captured by her nanny cam while she is at work: her two-year-old daughter playing with Maya's husband, Joe--who had been brutally murdered two weeks earlier. The provocative question at the heart of the mystery: Can you believe everything you see with your own eyes, even when you desperately want to? To find the answer, Maya must finally come to terms with deep secrets and deceit in her own past before she can face the unbelievable truth about her husband--and herself"--
The other child
The broken
The family man
Matters of the heart
One hundred days of happiness
The wife's tale
When Rachel marries dark, handsome David, everything seems to fall into place. Swept from single parenthood to the beautiful Carnhallow House in Cornwall, she gains wealth, love, and even a new brother for her daughter, Millie. But then her stepson Jamie makes a chilling prediction, and Rachel's perfect life begins to unravel. Haunted by the spectre of David's late wife - Jamie's real mother - Rachel finds herself drawn to the deserted mines where she plunged to her death, three years prior. As Rachel starts digging into the past, she begins to grow suspicious of her husband. Why is he so reluctant to discuss Jamie's behaviour? And what exactly happened to cause his ex-wife's untimely suicide? With December looming, Rachel begins to fear there might be truth in Jamie's words: 'You will die at Christmas'
"A monumental new novel from the bestselling author of Everything Is Illuminated and Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close    In the book of Genesis, when God calls out, "Abraham!" to order him to sacrifice his son Isaac, Abraham responds, "Here I am." Later, when Isaac calls out, "My father!" to ask him why there is no animal to slaughter, Abraham responds, "Here I am." How do we fulfill our conflicting duties as father, husband, and son; wife and mother; child and adult? Jew and American? How can we claim our own identities when our lives are linked so closely to others'? These are the questions at the heart of Jonathan Safran Foer's first novel in eleven years--a work of extraordinary scope and heartbreaking intimacy. Unfolding over four tumultuous weeks, in present-day Washington, D.C., Here I Am is the story of a fracturing family in a moment of crisis. As Jacob and Julia and their three sons are forced to confront the distances between the lives they think they want and the lives they are living, a catastrophic earthquake sets in motion a quickly escalating conflict in the Middle East. At stake is the very meaning of home--and the fundamental question of how much life one can bear. Showcasing the same high-energy inventiveness, hilarious irreverence, and emotional urgency that readers and critics loved in his earlier work, Here I Am is Foer's most searching, hard-hitting, and grandly entertaining novel yet. It not only confirms Foer's stature as a dazzling literary talent but reveals a mature novelist who has fully come into his own as one of the most important writers of his generation. "--
Beyond the veil of tears
The weekend wives
Married to a perfect stranger
Before we met
Wife 22
Here I am : a novel
In 2004 Janis Heaphy Durham's husband, Max Besler, died of cancer at age fifty-six. The daughter of a Presbyterian minister, she practiced her faith as she struggled with her loss. Soon she began encountering phenomena unlike anything she'd ever experienced: lights flickering, doors opening and closing, and clocks stopping at 12:44--the exact time of Max's death. But then something startling happened that changed Heaphy Durham's life forever. A powdery handprint appeared on her bathroom mirror on the first anniversary of Max's death. This launched Heaphy Durham on a journey that transformed her spiritually and altered her view of reality forever. She interviewed scientists and spiritual practitioners along the way as she discovered that the veil between this world and the next is thin and it's love that bridges the two worlds.
the runner
The sunshine cruise company
The vow : the true events that inspired the movie
The Tenant of Wildfell Hall
Afternoon tea at the Sunflower Cafe
Make me : a Jack Reacher novel
Run, mummy, run : a novel inspired by a true story
Here's to us
The fall
We are not ourselves : a novel
The believers
The secrets we keep
Orange pear apple bear
Nutshell : a novel
The hotel Riviera
The school for husbands
The man who forgot his wife
Fool me once
The gallery of vanished husbands
Fairytale ending
Before the war
Post-romantic stress disorder : what to do when the honeymoon is over : new discoveries about lust, love, and saving your marriage before it's too late
The invisible woman
A dual inheritance : a novel
Seven years : a novel
Season to taste, or, how to eat your husband
The living and the dead in Winsford
The runner
City of hope
Die for you
Demolition
Mean streak
Play dead
Nora Webster : a novel
The race
A most dangerous profession
The long way home
The understudy
Did she kill him? : a Victorian tale of deception, adultery and arsenic
Love in the time of cholera
Manhattan nocturne
The blunderer
The Paris wife : a novel
Lost and found
Love virtually
"Trudy has betrayed her husband, John. She's still in the marital home - a dilapidated, priceless London townhouse - but John's not here. Instead, she's with his brother, the profoundly banal Claude, and the two of them have a plan. But there is a witness to their plot: the inquisitive, nine-month-old resident of Trudy's womb. Told from a perspective unlike any other, Nutshell is a classic tale of murder and deceit from one of the world's master storytellers"--
Told in silence
Before I go to sleep : a novel
The marriage pact
Lost in the forest
Celebrity chef Deacon Rowe is struggling with addiction, depression and not one, but two scandals. As summer nears, he travels to the idyllic Eastern bluff of Nantucket, where he takes his own life. In the shocking wake of Deacon's suicide, his first wife and childhood sweetheart, Laurel Rowe, sets out to gather Deacon's far-flung family - including Deacon and Laurel's son, and Deacon's other ex-wives and children on the island. This book brings together three very different, resilient women and their children, who start out not only as strangers, but as bitter rivals, each wanting to claim the prime place in Deacon's life. Secrets are revealed, confidences are shared, and improbable bonds are formed as this unlikely family says goodbye to the man they loved.
How (not) to murder your husband
The 5 love languages : the secret to love that lasts
The unwitting
Sidney Sheldon's After the darkness
Confidentially yours
The chocolate lovers' Christmas
Families and intimate relationships
Desire me always
Out of the shadows
Meet me on the beach
Time of death
Phillip Snowe is a genius of the advertising world but what he can no longer do is sell himself to himself. Struggling to find meaning, he quits his career to give something back. Julia, his wife, a brilliant and beautiful lawyer, fights her own demons, but with her intelligence and hard work, she believes she can keep them at bay. And so far she has. Into their lives comes Laura Cusack, a single mother torn between the demands of her young daughters and her own unfilled passions.
Love may fail
What to do when someone dies
On the day Hannah is finally going to tell her husband she's leaving him, he has a stroke… and life changes in an instant. Tom's only 32. Now he can't walk or cut up his own food, let alone use his phone or take her in his arms. And Hannah's trapped. She knows she has to care for her husband, the very same man she was ready to walk away from. But with the time and fresh perspective he's been given, Tom re-evaluates his life, and becomes determined to save his marriage. Can he once again become the man his wife fell in love with, or has he left it too late?
Hide and seek
Eve of the Isle
Loving a lost lord
The lost years
We are not ourselves
Countdown city
Cover of snow : a novel
What rhymes with bastard?
The Hawley book of the dead
Home is where the heart is, and Kate thinks a lot about making people feel at home. She works for a global hotel corporation. She has two young children, and a husband of ten years. Now, both Kate's home and her heart are about to implode: she has discovered a series of emails from her husband Adam to another woman. Probing for answers, she realizes this not the worst possible discovery - in fact, it is only the beginning. As her family unravels, Kate's job becomes increasingly demanding - but how can she provide the perfect guest experience when her own foundations have been knocked away? She tries to hold things together for her daughters, but doesn't know what to tell them when they ask when Adam is coming home. Who was the man with whom Kate built a life? And what is he to her now? Told with warmth, wit and grace, Lover is a novel about marriage, family, and work - an unforgettable account of having the strength to find one's place in the world.
Behind closed doors
Howling at the moon
Before I go to sleep
What dreams may come
Marital equality : its relationship to the well-being of husbands and wives
A time to remember
