http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14741 theatre reviews
theatre reviews
The role of the critic : the functions of theatre criticism as applied to newspaper reviewing
Utility drama : making of and talking about the serial drama in Finland
The cultural study of reception
Right & left : plays, films, people, places and events
Tynan on theatre
Reviewing the arts
American drama criticism : interpretations 1890-1977
How to write about theatre
A theater criticism/arts journalism primer : refereeing the muses
Strindberg on drama and theatre : a source book
What is theatre? : incorporating The dramatic event and other reviews
The feminist spectator in action : feminist criticism for the stage and screen
Eugene O'Neill and the American critic : a summary and bibliographical checklist
Elokuvan tiloja = Architecture of the cinema
The melodramatic imagination : Balzac, Henry James, melodrama, and the mode of excess : with a new preface
The theater of Tony Kushner : living past hope
Select bibliography
Theories of the theatre : a historical and critical survey, from the Greeks to the Present
Survival games? : Theatre and journalism : a selection of papers from the 14th Congress of the International Association of Theatre Critics, Helsinki, Finland, October 1996 = Strategies de survie? : theatre et journalisme : une sélection de conférences du 14e Congrès Mondial de l'Association Internationale des Critiques de Théâtre, Helsinki, Finlande, octobre 1996
Shakespeare in the theatre : an anthology of criticism
The world of theatre criticism is rapidly changing in its form, function and modes of operation in the twenty-first century. The dominance of the internet has led to a growing trend of selfappointed theatre critics and bloggers who are changing the focus and purpose of the discussion around live performance. Even though the blogosphere has garnered suspicion and hostility from some mainstream newspaper critics, it has also provided significant intellectual and ideological challenges to the increasingly conservative profile of the professional critic. This book features 16 commissioned contributions from scholars, arts journalists and bloggers, as well as a small selection of innovative critical practice. Authors from Australia, Canada, Croatia, Germany, Greece, Italy, Latvia, Russia, the UK and the US share their perspectives on relevant historical, theoretical and political contexts influencing the development of the discipline, as well as specific aspects of the contemporary practices and genres of theatre criticism.
Play by play : theater essays and reviews 1993-2002
How beautiful it is and how easily it can be broken : essays
Electrifying Sibelius
The Feminist Spectator as Critic broke new ground as one of the pioneering books on feminist spectatorship, encouraging resistant readings to generate feminist meanings in performance. Approaching live spectatorship through a range of interdisciplinary methods, the book has been foundational in theater studies, performance studies, and gender/sexuality/women's studies. This updated and enlarged second edition celebrates the book's twenty-fifth anniversary with a substantial new introduction and up-to-the-moment bibliography, detailing the progress to date in gender equity in theater and the arts, and suggesting how far we have yet to go.
Broadway theatre
Survival games? : theatre and journalism : a selection of papers from Congress of the International Association of Theatre Critics in Helsinki 1996
What do you do if you find yourself weeping in the stalls? How should you react to Jude Law's trousers or David Tennant's hair? Are you prepared to receive toilet paper in the post? What if the show you just damned turns out to be a classic? If you gave it a five-star rave will anyone believe you? Drawing on his long years of experience as a national newspaper critic, Mark Fisher answers such questions with candour, wit and insight. Learning lessons from history's leading critics and taking examples from around the world, he gives practical advice about how to celebrate, analyse and discuss this most ephemeral of art forms - and how to make your writing come alive as you do so. Today, more people than ever are writing about theatre, but whether you're blogging, tweeting or writing an academic essay, your challenges as a critic remain the same: how to capture a performance in words, how to express your opinions and how to keep the reader entertained. This inspirational book shows you the way to do it.
A Theater Criticism/Arts Journalism Primer: Refereeing the Muses examines the skill set associated with being a critic and arts journalist. It explores the history, evolution, and future of the profession in the United States, and carefully and purposefully dissects the preparation, observation, and writing process associated with generating thoughtful and interesting arts criticism. Using theatrical productions as the best and most vivid example of a storytelling enterprise that employs creativity, imagination, collaboration, aesthetics, and artisanship to effectively engage an audience, this book is intended to generate the critical thinking and critical writing skills necessary to effectively engage in all forms of arts journalism. It is designed to be used as a college-level textbook on theater criticism and arts journalism courses, for those looking to become more thoughtful, critical consumers, for casual critics thinking about starting a blog or working for their university newspaper, and for working critics hoping to improve their craft. The text is written in an accessible style and includes quotes from renowned critics and arts practitioners throughout as well as frequent sidebars that offer timely, insightful, and entertaining examples of the points being made in the text.
Theatre criticism : changing landscapes
[Otello ; Othello ; Macbeth]
Georgette Heyer : a critical retrospective
More first nights
Tennispalatsin peruskorjaus - rauniorestaurointia? = Tennis Palace refurbishment - restoration of a ruin?
Post-war British theatre criticism
Theatre criticism
How to locate reviews of plays and films : a bibliography of criticism from the beginnings to the present
Theories of the theatre : a historical and critical survey, from the Greeks to the present
The feminist spectator as critic
What is theatre? : incorporating the dramatic event and other reviews 1944-1967
The dance experience : insights into history, culture, and creativity
Effective theatre : a study with documentation
The critics' canon : standards of theatrical reviewing in America
The production of Hamlet at the Vatana theatre in Sweden
Postcard from the peace process : the Palestinian-Israeli coproduction of Shakespeare's Romeo and Juliet
