http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14716 facsimiles
facsimiles
Persecution and liberty : essays in honor of George Lincoln Burr
After the funeral
Fantastic architecture
The body in the library
A Caribbean mystery : featuring Miss Marple
The complete works for guitar : with commentary and a biographical essay on the composer
A murder is announced
The Icelandic Homily Book : perg. 15 4 ̊in the Royal Library, Stockholm
Taken at the flood
The Pickwick papers / Charles Dickens ; [illustrations by R. Seymour, R. W. Buss and H. K. Browne (Phiz)]
Musike of sundrie kindes : set forth in two bookes
Progress in the household (1906)
Volume the first by Jane Austen : in her own hand
Bleak house
Collects a decade of Sub pop fanzines and Seattle Rocket columns written and published by Bruce Pavitt, founder of Sub Pop Records, which later catapulted the Seattle music scene to international attention.
Oliver Twist
Bogadek's Croatian-English and English-Croatian dictionary. Volume II : English - Croatian dictionary
Three act tragedy
Volume the second by Jane Austen : in her own hand
The hour-glass : manuscript materials
[The first part of] The division-violin : containing a choise collection of divisions to a groud for the treble-violin
An abecedarium : illuminated alphabets from the court of the Emperor Rudolf II
The new game of the mansion of bliss : in verse : [for the amusement of youth]
The Big four
The woman's prize
At Bertram's hotel : featuring Miss Marple
Stiftsbibliothek Sankt Gallen : Codices 484 & 381. 2, Codex Sangallensis 484
The moving finger
The hollow
Down the garden path
Algeria and Tunis
The secret adversary
The murder of Roger Ackryd
Peril at End House
Volume the third by Jane Austen : in her own hand
Dumb witness
Jane Austen : her life, her times, her novels
Sub pop USA : the Subterranean pop music anthology, 1980-1988
The art of dramatic writing  : its basis in the creative interpretation of human motives
Historic maps and views of Berlin  = Historische Karten und Ansichten von Berlin = Cartes et vues historiques de Berlin
The political economy of art : being the substance (with additions) of two lectures. Delivered at Manchester, July 10th and 13th, 1857.
Stiftsbibliothek Sankt Gallen : Codices 484 & 381. 1, Kommentar = Commentary
Kate Greenaway's calendar for 1884
A journey to Katmandu : (the Capital of Nepaul) with the Camp of Jung Bahadoor
A schole-house for the needle : produced from the original book printed in 1632 and now in the private collection of John and Elizabeth Mason
They came to Baghdad
Tartini : his life and times
Åbo : directions for travellers = Anweisungen für Reisende = indications pour les voyageurs = anvisnisngar för resande
Sad cypress /by Agatha Christie
Appletons' general guide to the United States and Canada : with railway maps, plans of cities, and illustrations
Messiah : HWV 56 : British Library Manuscript R. M. 20.f.2
A view of the various editions of the Greek and Roman classics : with remarks
The mirror crack'd from side to side
Cat among the pigeons
The English experience : its record in early printed books published in facsimile : a catalogue of the first 143 volumes now out, reproducing all title-pages, and a list of forthcomings volumes of the 3rd group (1969)
Partitas for solo violin : BWV1002, 1004, 1006
The history of Poland : from the earliest period to the present time
The labours of Hercules
Stiftsbibliothek Sankt Gallen : Codices 484 & 381. 3, Codex Sangallensis 381
Practical drapery cutting : a handbook on cutting and fixing curtains, draperies, &c., with descriptions and practical notes, for the use of upholsterers, cutters and apprentices
Death in the clouds
Grammar of colloquial Tibetan
Death on the Nile
Mrs McGinty's dead
A Grammar of the Japanese Spoken Language
The mystery of the blue train
The poetical works. Vol. III
The streets of Liverpool
English illustrated books for children : a descriptive companion to a selection from the Osborne Collection
The secret of chimneys
One, two, buckle my shoe
A short history of Belgium
Cards on the table
Making gardens of their own : advice for women, 1500-1750
Hengist, King of Kent : or the mayor of Queenborough
Charles Gounod : his life and his works..
Women and witchcraft in popular literature, c.1560-1715
France : medieval and modern : a history
Sämtliche Werke für Laute = Complete works for lute. Band 1 = Volume 1
Martin Chuzzlewit
Ordeal by innocence
The Temple of Flora : essay and descriptions of plates
Piispa Henrikin surmavirsi : Suomalaisen Kirjallisuuden Seuran kansanrunousarkiston vanhin käsikirjoitus = The ballad of the death of bishop Henry : the oldest manuscript in the Folklore Archives of the Finnish Literature Society
The Situationist Times facsimile edition
Appointment with death
Freak art scrapbook : Chicago's Armory show in print, 1913
An American Exodus : a record of human erosion
A treatise on practical seamanship
Guide to the practical study of harmony
The old curiosity shop
John Donne's 1622 Gunpowder Plot sermon : a parallel-text edition
The Dance of Death and the macabre spirit in European literature
Charles Gounod : his life and his works : with portrait and facsimiles
Die Zauberflöte KV620 : Facsimile of the autograph score
Great expectations & Hard times
Sämtliche Werke für Laute = Complete works for lute. Band 2 = Volume 2
The Old Rus' Kievan and Galician-Volhynian chronicles : the Ostroz'kyj (Xlebnikov) and Četvertyns'kyj (Pogodin) codices = Starorus'kì kiïvs'kì ì Galic'ko-Volins'kì lìtopisi : Ostroz'kij spisok (Hlebnìkovs'kij) ì spisok Četvertins'kogo (Pogodìns'kij)
The first booke of songs or ayres 1605
The first folio of Shakespeare
Poirot investigates
Compleat instructions for the fife : containing the best and easiest directions to learn that instrument, with a collection of the most celebrated marches, airs & c. perform's in the guards & other regiments
Bogadek's Croatian - English and English-Croatian dictionary. Volume I : Croatian  -English dictionary
Wagner : A documentary study
The man in the brown suit
Murder in the mews : and other stories
Valla's translation of Thucydides in Vat. Lat. 1801 : with the reproduction of the codex
Songs of innocence and of experience
