http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14755 oligarchy
oligarchy
The anarchist in the library : how the clash between freedom and control is hacking the real world and crashing the system
Londongrad : from Russia with cash the inside story of the oligarchs
Red plenty
Nationalists without nations : the oligarchy versus the people in Latin America
Oilopoly  : Putin, power and the rise of new Russia
Plutocrats : the rise of the new global super-rich and the fall of everyone else
Plutocrats : the rise of the new global super-rich
Beyond oligarchy : wealth, power, and contemporary Indonesian politics
The super-rich shall inherit the earth
Reconstructing the Roman republic : an ancient political culture and modern research
The impact of science on society
Change in Putin's Russia : power, money and people
Ideology being governed : strategy formation in civil society
Business elites and Russia's European policy
The new few or A very British oligarchy
The age of assassins : the rise and rise of Vladimir Putin
Politics and the ruling group in Putin's Russia
The phenomenon of oligarchy in Russia and its impact on Russian transition
In the lands of oligarchs : ethno-politics and the struggle for social justice in the indigenous-peasant movements of Guatemala and Ecuador
For centuries, oligarchs were viewed as empowered by wealth, an idea muddled by elite theory early in the twentieth century. The common thread for oligarchs across history is that wealth defines them, empowers them, and inherently exposes them to threats. The existential motive of all oligarchs is wealth defense. How they respond varies with the threats they confront, including how directly involved they are in supplying the coercion underlying all property claims, and whether they act separately or collectively. These variations yield four types of oligarchy: warring, ruling, sultanistic, and civil. Oligarchy is not displaced by democracy but rather is fused with it. Moreover, the rule of law problem in many societies is a matter of taming oligarchs. Cases studied in this book include the United States, ancient Athens and Rome, Indonesia, the Philippines, Singapore, medieval Venice and Siena, mafia commissions in the United States and Italy, feuding Appalachian families, and early chiefs cum oligarchs dating from 2300 BCE.
Oligarchia : the development of a constitutional form in Ancient Greece
Wealth, power and the crisis of laissez faire capitalism
How will capitalism end? : essays on a failing system
Union democracy : the internal politics of the International Typographical Union
The Putin corporation : the story of Russia's secret takeover
Our kind of traitor
The scholars have argued that the Roman Republic's political culture was democratic in nature, stressing the role of the 'sovereign' people and their assemblies. The author challenges this view, warning that this trend threatens to become an orthodoxy, and defending that the republic was a Roman, oligarchic and aristocratic political form.
"The provocative political thinker asks if it will be with a bang or a whimper In How Will Capitalism End? the acclaimed analyst of contemporary politics and economics Wolfgang Streeck argues that capitalism is now in a critical condition. Growth is giving way to secular stagnation; inequality is leading to instability; and confidence in the capitalist money economy has all but evaporated. Capitalism's shotgun marriage with democracy since 1945 is breaking up as the regulatory institutions restraining its advance have collapsed, and after the final victory of capitalism over its enemies no political agency capable of rebuilding them is in sight. The capitalist system is stricken with at least five worsening disorders for which no cure is at hand: declining growth, oligarchy, starvation of the public sphere, corruption and international anarchy. In this arresting book Wolfgang Streeck asks if we are witnessing a long and painful period of cumulative decay: of intensifying frictions, of fragility and uncertainty, and of a steady succession of 'normal accidents'"--
State building and political movements in Argentina, 1860-1916
Red notice : how I became Putin's no. 1. enemy
Most wanted
Greek oligarchies : their character and organisation
Political parties : a sociological study of the oligarchical tendencies of modern democracy
The piratization of Russia : Russian reform goes awry
Reorganising power in Indonesia : the politics of oligarchy in an age of markets
