http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14700 library sector
library sector
Northern libraries colloquy 9 : Tromsø, Norway, 1982 : proceedings..
The current crisis of capitalism has led to the renewed interest in Marxism and its core categories of analysis such as class and exploitation. In our own discipline - Library and Information Science - voices and ideas that have long been confined to the critical margins have been given buoyancy as forms of critique have gained traction. This volume allows for a fresh look at at the interaction of information, labor, capital, class, and librarianship.
A librarian's handbook
Library association record
Library and information research news
Journal of librarianship
The Aslib year book and directory of members 2005/6 : including the directory of products & services
Harrod's librarians' glossary of terms used in librarianship, documentation and the book crafts and reference book
Management self-assessment : summary
Library science : prospects in 21st century
Educating the profession : 40 years of the IFLA Section on Education and Training
On account of sex : an annotated bibliography on the status of women in librarianship, 1998-2002
Learn Library Management : a practical study guide for new or busy managers in libraries and other information agencies
Library & information update : Vantaa
Greetings from the conference of the Kenyan Library Association KLA at Kisumu
Libraries and librarianship in India
SpeciaList : the newsletter of the Special Libraries Association
Scandinavian public library quarterly  : Kauniainen
International cataloguing and bibliographic control : Helsinki
Celebrating the James A. Partridge Outstanding African American Information Professional Award the authors examine issues of race, inclusion, diversity, and justice in the field of library and information science. The award recognizes information professionals who exemplify the highest ideals of the profession, and it is part of a long-running series of efforts that have been made to promote diversity and inclusion in the field. Many of the living winners of the award share their thoughts and personal experiences about race and the development of the field of library and information science. Their insights are complimented by the writings of other scholars, educators, and practitioners who study, teach about, and experience issues of race in the field firsthand. Issues of race are addressed from the perspective of different backgrounds, as well as intersectionalities with other identities, such as gender, immigration, and orientation. The explorations by the authors at their various institutions - including libraries, universities, and government agencies - to promote diversity and inclusion catalogue a wide range of ideas, practices and lessons learned.
Library journal : Helsinki
Design, innovation, participation : proceedings and abstracts
Libraries and librarianship in China
Proceedings of the IFLA/UNESCO Pre-Conference Seminar on Public Libraries : the Public Library as the Gateway to the Information Society: the Revision of the IFLA Guidelines for Public Libraries, Noordwijk, Netherlands 11-14 August 1998
Scandinavian library quarterly
The end-user revolution : CD-ROM, Internet and the changing role of the information professional
Computers in libraries : Helsinki
NEDLIB list of terms : Genevieve Clavel-Merrin
Documentation : bibliographic references : content, form and structure
International journal of legal information : IJLI
American libraries : bulletin of the American library association
IFLA and the Third World : the IFLA core programme on the advancement of librarianship in the Third World (ALP)
Interlending and document supply : proceedings of the second International Conference held in London, November 1990
Vocabularium bibliothecarii : English, French, German, Spanish, Russian
Electronic information and publications : looking to the electronic future, let's not forget the archival past : proceedings of the 24th Annual Conference of the International Association of Aquatic and Marine Science Libraries and Information Centers (IAMSLIC) and the 17th Polar Libraries Colloquy (PLC)
The new academic librarian : essays on changing roles and responsibilities
Acronyms & abbreviations in library & information work : a reference handbook of British usage
Kirjastotyön eettiset periaatteet = Etiska principer för biblioteksarbetet = Ethical principles of library work
Libraries and founders of libraries
Random recollections of an anachronism or seventy-five years of library work
Anglicisms in the library
Proceedings of the PanAfrican PanArab Conference on Public and School Libraries : held under the auspices of the IFLA Africa Section, the Public Libraries Section and the School Libraries and Resource Centres Section, 19-22 September 2001, ESI - Rabat - Morocco = Actes de la Conference PanAfricaine/PanArabe sur les Biliothèques Publiques et Scholaires
The nationwide provision and use of information : Aslib IIS/LA Joint conference 15-19 September 1980 Sheffield : proceedings
The librarian's Internet survival guide : strategies for the high-tech reference desk
Scandinavian public library quarterly
User experience (UX) design for libraries
Russian libraries in transition : an anthology of Glasnost literature
The knowledge entrepreneur
Scandinavian library quarterly  : Helsinki
Library ethics
Advances in librarianship. Vol. 42, Celebrating the James Partridge award : essays toward the development of a more diverse, inclusive and equitable field of library and information science
Agricultural libraries and information
Issues in library education : a report of the conference on library education, Princeton University, December 11th and 12th, 1948
IFLA council report
Advances in librarianship. Vol. 24 / edited by Elizabeth A. Chapman, Frederick C. Lynden
ITA : internationale Titelabkürzungen von Zeitschriften, Zeitungen, wichtigen Handbüchern, Wörterbüchern, Gesetzen usw. = ITA : international title abbreviations of periodicals, newspapers, important handbooks, dictionaires, laws etc
New library world
Managing information : Helsinki
Information, libraries, democracy: proceedings and abstracts
Information and documentation : methods and procedures for assessing the impact of libraries = Information et documentation : méthodes et procédures pour évaluer l'impact des bibliothèques
Fontes artis musicae : journal of the International Association of Music Libraries, Archives and Documentation Centres (IAML)
International forum on information and documentation
Libraries, black metal and corporate finance : current research in Nordic Library and Information Science : selected articles from the 40th anniversary conference of the Swedish School of Library and Information Science
Information services today : an introduction
Lithuanian integrated library information system
The new library legacy : essays in honor of Richard De Gennaro
Advances in librarianship. Vol. 29 / edited by Danuta A. Nitecki and Eileen Abels
Scandinavian library quarterly  : Vantaa
Library world records
Library management
OCLC annual report
Expertise through projects
IFLA Journal
How green is my library?
Libraries @ Barents : communicative and active! : 19th Barents library conference : proceedings
Advances in librarianship. Vol. 30 / edited by Danuta A. Nitecki and Eileen Abels
Cilip update with gazette : Helsinki
Ifla journal : official journal of the international federation of library associations and institutions
Class and librarianship : essays at the intersection of information, labor and capital
Open access and the future of scholarly communication : policy and infrastructure
Information and documentation : library performance indicators = Information et documentation : indicateurs de performance des bibliothèques
Information and documentation : international library statistics = Information et documentation : statistiques internationales de bibliothèques
ALA handbook of organization
Libraries and librarianship : sixty years of challenge and change, 1945-2005
IFLA annual report
The National Library of Finland Bulletin
Advances in librarianship. Vol. 26 / edited by Frederick C. Lynden
The Library Association Conference : papers: learning through life, Cliftonville 1981.
Methods and procedures for assessing the impact of libraries = Méthodes et procédures pour évaluer l'impact des bibliothèques
Advances in librarianship. Vol. 28 / edited by Danuta A. Nitecki
Dictionary of librarianship : including a selection from the terminology of information science, bibliology, reprography, higher education, and data processing : German-English, English-German = Wörterbuch des Bibliothekswesens : Unter Berücksichtigung der bibliothekarisch wichtigen Terminologie des Informations- und Dokumentationswesens, des Buchwesens, der Reprographie, des Hochschulwesens und der Datenverarbeitung : Deutsch-Englisch, Englisch-Deutsch
Be a librarian : a guide to careers in modern librarianship
Information and documentation : library performance indicators : indicateurs de performance des bibliothèques = Information et documentation
The accidental library marketer
Documentation : presentation of theses and similar documents = Documentation : présentation des thèses et documents assimilés
The ALA glossary of library and information science
The top technologies every librarian needs to know
Librarian's handbook : 2006-2007
Tushuguanxue ji zixunkexue cihui = English-Chinese Terminology of Library & Information Science
The Aslib year book and directory of members 2004 : including the directory of products & services
"The new essays on today's academic librarians examine above all their functions and responsibilities. From digital resources and special collections, to web development and new outreach initiatives, the topics covered by the essays in this book will reassure new librarians and stimulate prospective librarians as they realize the enhanced and varied positions that are available"--
CAB international news
Advances in librarianship. Vol. 25 / edited by Frederick C. Lynden
World guide to libraries
Managing library volunteers : a practical toolkit
Interlending and document supply : proceedings of the first International Conference held in London, November 1988
Vocabularium bibliothecarii : English/Anglais, French/Français, German/Allemand
New librarian, new job : practical advice for managing the transition
European curriculum reflections on library and information science education
A classification for medical and veterinary libraries
Personal development in the information and library profession
Getting your S/NVQ : a guide for candidates in the information and library sector
Encyclopaedia of librarianship
The Aslib membership directory 2002 : including the directory of products & services
Library hi tech : Helsinki
IFLA publications
Do we really need libraries? : an assessment of approaches to the evaluation of the performance of libraries
English course for library personnel
Project management for library and information service professionals
Advances in librarianship. Vol. 27 / edited by Frederick C. Lynden
Leadership and academic librarians
Information and documentation. Registry services for libraries and related organizations = Information et documentation : Services de registre pour les bibliothèques et les organismes associés
The role of library associations as effective pressure groups for political action
"So much more  than just a web course"
American libraries : Helsinki
History of libraries and librarianship in modern India since 1850
Information and documentation. Performance indicators for national libraries = Information et documentation. Indicateurs de performance des bibliothèques nationales
