http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14777 business sector
business sector
Marketing ethics : cases and readings
From consolidation to competition : the development of modern management education in Finland, 1958-2000
Five-minute activities for business English
All set. 3, Kurssit 7-9 : English for business situations
A study of financial terms in the Newsweek magazine in 1957 and 1991
Portfolio : case studies for business English. Teacher's guide
Examining business models of Software-as-a-Service companies
Business model of gaming platforms : redefining Atari business model
Foundations of lodging management
Business Plan for a New Online Clothing Store
Business first : basics for business communication : chapters 11-20
Business express
Effects of new logistics services on restaurants' business model and strategy
Financial aspects of a small hospitality business planning : through the example of a business plan of a café in Helsinki downtown
English for business studies : teacher's book
International business research for the twenty-first century; Canada's new research agenda
All set. 2B, Kurssit 4-6 : English for business situations
This study is made to provide the company, Design Agency Tuuletin Oy, with information that is needed to better understand customers' needs. The company's business idea is to be an innovative developer and  producer of creative concepts and technical solutions in the field of digital  communications. The future plan in the company is to start marketing their products and services on the Internet. That is why the company gave  an assignment to interview prospective customers about their habits and  interests in buying digital media products and services. In the future the company also wants to grow internationally by finding more customers abroad.  One objective of this study is to describe digital media, e-business and the  possibilities of Internet marketing. A second objective is to get information  about prospective customers and their preferences, and the third objective is to study the habits and interests in buying digital media products and  services. The purpose in the theoretical part is to give a description of e-business and  the facts concerning Internet marketing and also to give an overview of  digital media. In the empirical part data was collected from prospective customers of Tuuletin Oy. Different customer groups were approached to  gather information about their habits and interests. The Internet is a very useful network for marketers nowadays. They can develop new strategies, and by creating databases of product information  their customers can selectively obtain information. This minimizes the traditional barriers of time and distance between the marketers and the  customers. Due to the fact that e-business based marketing is growing and becoming  more common, the components of the traditional marketing system are facing a number of changes. Managers are required to reorganize and  develop new strategies as to how to market in an e-business environment. The very low rate of response had an effect on the reliability of the study; as a result it is impossible to generalize the results. The respondents' answers show that digital media nowadays has an important role in a  company's activities. Companies are going to buy more digital media  products and services in the future. The responses received also show that  there is a need for the digital products that Tuuletin designs and creates.
Handbook for transforming a BBA program in international business into a problem-based learning curriculum : case: Liibba Program at Helia
The future of service business innovation
New business friend 3. 3
Reading development during elementary school years : evidence from eye movements
Harry's cosmeticology
Restaurant-bar strategic behaviors in Oulu city centre 2014 : analysis of competitive advantage, performance patterns and success-achievement results
Simply Business English
EUREKA's first years: a study of alliances formed under the auspices of the European Research Cooperation Agency
A communicative course in business English. Teacher`s book : (incorporating the Student`s book with answers)
Business plan Around Lithuania Tours
Law for business
The working week : spoken business English with a lexical approach
Harry's cosmeticology : 1
Integrating business models and knowledge management
The innkeeper of Ivy Hill
Business applications for the IBM PC
Link-up : business English course. 1
Dynamic pricing agreements of Norwegian hotels from the corporate accounts perspective
How to found a hostel in Fuengirola, Spain
A study of Negotiation Styles : Between business managers from UK and Indian cultural backgrounds
Business or pleasure : audactiv-englanti. 3 B
Business today
Networking cultural knowledge : an interactive and experiential strategy to apply intercultural communication in business
Going international : kansainvälistyjän kieliohjelma : intermediate English. Visitors from abroad
Crystal Reports 2008 : the complete reference
Financial English
Music business : infrastructure, practice, and law
New industries from new places : the emergence of the software and hardware industries in China and India
Business services statistics
Portfolio : case studies for business English. Brian Howe
Getting ahead : communication skills for business English. Learner's book
World management education directory - Europe : a practical directory to international (post graduate) management programmes at European business schools and management training institutions
Negotiating
Business and management English. Part 2
Revenue management for hospitality and tourism
Direct-2-fan business model in music business
The Dark side of international business? : stakeholder approach to human trafficking in finnish service and construction sectors
How to Enter the Russian Construction Market : Business Strategies for Oy RVP Niemelä AB
Enriching business ethics
Value-creating networks : an analysis of the software component business
Business Tourists' Opinions of Radisson Blu Royal Hotel Vaasa as a Business Hotel
Managing radical business innovations : a study of internal corporate venturing at Sonera Corporation
Give & take : exchanging information in business
Synergy management by hybrid innovation
Vocational qualification in business and administration
Going international : kansainvälistyjän kieliohjelma : intermediate English. At the fair
Social networks and networking facilitating internationalization : Experiences of two Finnish fashion companies
Business Plan for Establishing a Café in Alajärvi
Effective business writing
Private label products: improving collaboration within international supply chain : case: L-Fashion Group
Commercial and technical libraries
Market Analysis of Solar Water Heating in Hospitality Industry, Thailand
The first steps for starting global businesses in Finland - From idea until the business plan : Project: Barisma – The worldwide website for bars, nightclubs and cafes
Abstract: Training professionals for the global marketplace. Cross-evaluation report of the degree programme in international business.
Service systems implementation
Music industry's business models in the digital era focused on indie artists : a study case
Going international. [5], At the fair
Sustainability in the hospitality industry : principles of sustainable operations
Ethics for managers
Business friend's guide. 3
Creating a strategic business plan for a Nepalese construction company: a case study of Jhapali International Engineering and Builders
Jackpot : making the most of business English
A clear understanding of the issues surrounding climate change, global warming, air and water pollution, ozone depletion, deforestation, the loss of biodiversity and global poverty is essential for every manager in the hospitality industry. Present and future hospitality executives need to know how sustainable management systems can be integrated into their businesses while maintaining and hopefully improving the bottom line. "Sustainability in the Hospitality Industry" explores innovative ways to tackle the ever increasing costs of energy and water as well as the moral, ethical, social and political arguments for taking action. This book uses case studies throughout to explore the following key issues: How can hospitality properties and equipment be designed to use less resources? What are the benefits of using more sustainable food and beverage sources? How can environmental impacts be reduced and profitability increased? How can properties integrate sustainability management systems and stay one step ahead of the competition? How can the reputation of a hospitality operation be improved to attract investment by incorporating responsible marketing and corporate social responsibility policies? "Sustainability in the Hospitality Industry" contains stimulating new ideas, solutions, and strategies essential to every student and professional in the hospitality industry. Philip Sloan is from the department of Hospitality Management, International University of Applied Sciences Bad Honnef, Bonn, Germany. Willy Legrand is from the Department of Hospitality Management, International University of Applied Sciences Bad Honnef, Bonn, Germany. Joseph S. Chen is from the department of Recreation, Park and Tourism Studies, Indiana University, Bloomington, USA. It includes: revealing and refreshing ideas for the neglected area of sustainability in hospitality management; presents viable strategies for saving energy and promoting a positive image for hotel managers, restaurant managers and other hospitality providers; demonstrates principles with case studies from industry and chain hotels; and, stimulates new solutions and strategies to tackle the problem of increasing energy costs and to help alleviate pressure from environmental groups.
Starting a restaurant business in Saint-Petersburg - Guide for Finnish entrepreneurs
The complete idiot's guide to terrific business writing
European master's degrees in management : 1991-1992 MBA and equivalent programmes offered by European Business Schools which are members of efmd
BISSE : business information sources & services for Europe
Hotel pricing in a social world : driving value in the digital economy
Going international : kansainvälistyjän kieliohjelma : intermediate English. Customer contacts
Business English. 2, Textbook
New business friend 1. 1
Business Arabic : an essential vocabulary
In "Design for Services", Anna Meroni and Daniela Sangiorgi articulate what Design is doing and can do for services, and how this connects to existing fields of knowledge and practice. Designers previously saw their task as the conceptualisation, development and production of tangible objects. In the twenty-first century, a designer rarely 'designs something' but rather 'designs for something': in the case of this publication, for change, better experiences and better services. The authors reflect on this recent transformation in the practice, role and skills of designers, by organising their book into three main sections. The first section links "Design for Services" to existing models and studies on services and service innovation. Section two presents multiple service design projects to illustrate and clarify the issues, practices and theories that characterise the discipline today; using these case studies the authors propose a conceptual framework that maps and describes the role of designers in the service economy. The final section projects the discipline into the emerging paradigms of a new economy to initiate a reflection on its future development.
English for business communication : a short course consisting of five modules: cultural diversity and socialising, telephoning, presentations, meetings and negotiations. Teacher's book
Management possibilities for interpersonal trust in a business network. Case: health-, exercise- and wellbeing markets
A dynamic business model for high-tech industry in a global environment : the origin of operational patterns by means of social selection
The objective is to measure direct and indirect competitors’ operating strategies, in order to evaluate their performance and make comparisons. The results are essential information for Coyoacán restaurant that will open on November 2014 on the street of Hallituskatu number 27. The 5 companies chosen represent the median values of all the competitors under a 93.75% certainty. The chosen “Subjects of Study” are: 1) Burgeribaari Kauppuri 5 (Bar & Grill Kauppuri 5 Oy) Fast-Food/Bar 2) Fit Wok (The Wokers Oy) 3) Indian Cuisine (Katiusa Oy) 4) Kiinalainen Ravintola Flavour Palace (Suo Zi Oy) 5) Tuba Food & Lounge (Oulu Tours Gorup Oy) Fast-Food/Bar Two “Subjects of Study” represent the Fast-Food/Bar business model, which is a trend of business model that many restaurants and bars are adopting, and they seem to be as well the most successful restaurants in Oulu city center area. Information is collected throughout two main sources researched, interviews and observation. First and second hand sources such as interviews, printed and online materials. All data gathered is spread into two main categories: The Marketing Mix 4 p’s and Jim Collin’s framework. With a 93.75% of certainty this research found out that the Business Model of the Fast-Food/Bar is the most efficient. The sales of alcohol, customer service features and logistics result in highly performance numbers. Subjects of study that fit with this business model are close to tripling the Net Sales of year 2013 in comparison to the rest of the companies. There is no evidence that necessarily hamburgers and beer is the key for success. However it is interesting to point-out that there is still not a Fast-Food/Bar in Oulu that wisely uses the same business model and presents a different menu with interesting and new ideas.
Training professionals for the global marketplace : cross-evaluation report of the degree programme in international business
International business competencies considered important by Fortune's global 500 firms
Business plans for filmmakers
White-collar crime and criminal careers
Written by leading academic and industry experts actively engaged in revenue management, research and teaching this is a new and original treatment of the whole field for students and professionals.
The role of business model in computer game development organizations
Current status and upcoming needs in SME's in Northern regions of Finland, Norway and Sweden : technologies, personnel, market and ICT in the business process
Creativity and business workbook : practical tools for business development in the creative sector
Simply business English
Information and communication technologies in tourism 2014 : proceedings of the International Conference in Dublin, Ireland, January 21-24, 2014
Food and beverage management : for the hospitality, tourism and event industries
Investigations for a small business development in the field of hotel industry in Finland
Insights into business. [Teacher's book]
Establishing an oriental business in Finland : case: start-up Vietnamese handmade home-textiles company
e-Learning and the science of instruction : proven guidelines for consumers and designers of multimedia learning
Stand & deliver : giving business presentations
Business, government, and society : a managerial perspective : text and cases
Education as the saviour of the sales manager
Accommodation statistics
Developing the business practices of an SME operating in the music service industry : a perspective on organic growth and development as led by the owner-manager
Business basics : workbook
Business basics
The Marketing-Orientated Business Plan for a Company-To-Be, Case: Lauriida
Differences in taxation on heavy goods vehicles in Europe
Nelikielinen bisnessanasto lause-esimerkein. Suomi-English business dictionary & idioms
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Admen, mad men, and the real world of advertising : essential lessons for business and life
An audit of the case study method
Business Plan of Asian House Restaurant
English for customer care
In print : reading business English
Wood harvesting and logistics in Russia : focus on research and business opportunities : final report of the research project
Business plan for artist Kal Bansal for the UK market
How to Establish a Programme Service Company
Hospitality marketing management
Business tendency surveys : a handbook
Hungary sources of business information
The business student's handbook : skills for study and employment
Cross-border corporate planning : structuring of a Finnish SME's establishment in Estonia
The business student's handbook : learning skills for study and employment
Perevod kommerčeskoj dokumentacii : učebnoe posobie = Translation of commercial documentation
Win Win English for your business career
Abstract.
New business friend's. 1, Guide
The role of attraction and control boundaries in value creation : dyadic exploration of strategic buyer-supplier relationships
Fast food nation : the dark side of the all-American meal
The lifeblood of the village of Ivy Hill is its coaching inn, The Bell. When the innkeeper dies suddenly, his genteel wife, Jane, becomes the reluctant owner. With a large loan due, can Jane and her resentful mother-in-law, Thora, find a way to save the inn—and discover fresh hope for the future?
Business or pleasure : audactiv-englanti. 3 A
Essential quantitative methods : a guide for business
User characteristics and habits in buying digital media products and services
Abstract: The world is definitely becoming smaller due to advances in transport and communications. Technology combined with the development of a world economy have resulted in people from different nations, cultures, languages and backgrounds now communicating, meeting and doing business with one another more than ever. Very few businesses can escape the need to at some point in time deal with foreign colleagues, clients or customers. Business is international and if an organisation wants to develop and grow it needs to harness the potential an international stage offers.  Negotiations are a frequent part of international business. Parties involved in a negotiation face different problems in reaching a successful outcome. When the parties have different cultural bacgrounds the faced problems becomes more complex. The West (UK) and the East (India) have attracted many experts to make a comparison because distinguished differences do exist in the two kinds of cultures and are the deep-seated reasons as to why negotiation styles differ between the UK and Indian business people.
A study of negotiation styles : between business managers from UK and Indian cultural backgrounds
Business education and globalization : conference proceedings, August 26-29, 1998
Business English phrases
Environmental sustainability in North European hotel business
Key concepts in business practice
Handbook of service science
The American business creed
Count me in : understanding numbers in English
New venture creation in software business : a contextually embedded entrepreneur's perspective
Communicating in business and technology : from psycholinguistic theory to international practice
Design for services
Restaurant-bar strategic behaviors in Oulu city centre 2014: analysis of competitive advantage, performance patterns and success-achievement results
A guide to business research : developing, conducting, and writing research projects
Vocational qualification in business and administration, merkonomi : national core curriculum in business and administration on the upper secondary level
Business plan for a fashion brand : case: MW Oy
Changing institutions and consumer-driven development of forest products and servicess
Insights into business
Ethics of the business system
New international business English : BEC Vantage preparation and practice for new international business English
Clerical and commercial sector qualifications in the United Kingdom, France and Germany
Quick business math : a self-teaching guide
Business Plan for a Startup Company VRDA | HELSINKI
European management education directory
Structural business and financial statement statistics
