http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14740 theatre criticism
theatre criticism
How to analyse drama
The cultural study of reception
Wildlife rabies control : proceedings of the International WHO Symposium on "Wildlife Rabies Control", Geneva, 2-5 July 1990 and report of the WHO Seminar on Wildlife Rabies Control, Geneva, 2-5 July 1990
The classic Noh theatre of Japan / by Ezra Pound and Ernest Fenollosa
Rethinking the theatre of the absurd : ecology, the environment and the greening of the modern stage
Theatre and war : theatrical responses since 1991
The emergence of dramatic criticism in England : from Jonson to Pope
Many theatres and theatre companies host post-show discussions, or talkbacks, as part of their season. Often these are done for established plays with the goal of audience cultivation; others are done as part of the new development process. While post-show discussions are fairly ubiquitous, without a clear definition of what they are, who they are for, how they are led, and how they are structured, they are floundering. Playwrights consider them a joke, theatres use them for audience cultivation on top of helping the playwright, thus muddying the focus of the discussions, and audiences are unsure as to their role in the post-show discussion because they aren't properly prepared for them. This book is a critical examination of what has and has not worked with post-show discussions utilized in new play development. Fisher provides a framework for understanding these discussions, steps for building the foundation of them, and strategies for structuring them in a variety of ways.
How to write about theatre
Theater of the oppressed
Arguments for a theatre
African-American performance and theater history : a critical reader
Performing drama/dramatizing performance : alternative theater and the dramatic text
A theater criticism/arts journalism primer : refereeing the muses
Eugene O'Neill and the American critic : a summary and bibliographical checklist
The feminist spectator in action : feminist criticism for the stage and screen
Ibsen's lively art : a performance study of the major plays
Post-show discussions in new play development
Staging stigma : a critical examination of the American freak show
Strange case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde : an authoritative text, backgrounds and contexts, performance adaptations, criticism
A history of modern drama. Vol. 1
Recycling Shakespeare
Fragments of the artwork / Jean Genet ; translated by Charlotte Mandell
The world of theatre criticism is rapidly changing in its form, function and modes of operation in the twenty-first century. The dominance of the internet has led to a growing trend of selfappointed theatre critics and bloggers who are changing the focus and purpose of the discussion around live performance. Even though the blogosphere has garnered suspicion and hostility from some mainstream newspaper critics, it has also provided significant intellectual and ideological challenges to the increasingly conservative profile of the professional critic. This book features 16 commissioned contributions from scholars, arts journalists and bloggers, as well as a small selection of innovative critical practice. Authors from Australia, Canada, Croatia, Germany, Greece, Italy, Latvia, Russia, the UK and the US share their perspectives on relevant historical, theoretical and political contexts influencing the development of the discipline, as well as specific aspects of the contemporary practices and genres of theatre criticism.
The Sopranos on the couch : analyzing television's greatest series
Play by play : theater essays and reviews 1993-2002
The drama is coming now : the theater criticism of Richard Gilman, 1961-1991
Conversations on art and performance
The Feminist Spectator as Critic broke new ground as one of the pioneering books on feminist spectatorship, encouraging resistant readings to generate feminist meanings in performance. Approaching live spectatorship through a range of interdisciplinary methods, the book has been foundational in theater studies, performance studies, and gender/sexuality/women's studies. This updated and enlarged second edition celebrates the book's twenty-fifth anniversary with a substantial new introduction and up-to-the-moment bibliography, detailing the progress to date in gender equity in theater and the arts, and suggesting how far we have yet to go.
Plays, movies and critics
The politics of cultural practice : thinking through theatre in an age of globalization
Remembering the future
Omintakeisen arkkitehtuurin logiikka = The logic of an unusual architecture
Enacting nature : ecocritical perspectives on indigenous performance
National theatre and the 20th century Irish dream play
Embodied cognition and Shakespeare's Theatre : the early modern body-mind
What do you do if you find yourself weeping in the stalls? How should you react to Jude Law's trousers or David Tennant's hair? Are you prepared to receive toilet paper in the post? What if the show you just damned turns out to be a classic? If you gave it a five-star rave will anyone believe you? Drawing on his long years of experience as a national newspaper critic, Mark Fisher answers such questions with candour, wit and insight. Learning lessons from history's leading critics and taking examples from around the world, he gives practical advice about how to celebrate, analyse and discuss this most ephemeral of art forms - and how to make your writing come alive as you do so. Today, more people than ever are writing about theatre, but whether you're blogging, tweeting or writing an academic essay, your challenges as a critic remain the same: how to capture a performance in words, how to express your opinions and how to keep the reader entertained. This inspirational book shows you the way to do it.
A Theater Criticism/Arts Journalism Primer: Refereeing the Muses examines the skill set associated with being a critic and arts journalist. It explores the history, evolution, and future of the profession in the United States, and carefully and purposefully dissects the preparation, observation, and writing process associated with generating thoughtful and interesting arts criticism. Using theatrical productions as the best and most vivid example of a storytelling enterprise that employs creativity, imagination, collaboration, aesthetics, and artisanship to effectively engage an audience, this book is intended to generate the critical thinking and critical writing skills necessary to effectively engage in all forms of arts journalism. It is designed to be used as a college-level textbook on theater criticism and arts journalism courses, for those looking to become more thoughtful, critical consumers, for casual critics thinking about starting a blog or working for their university newspaper, and for working critics hoping to improve their craft. The text is written in an accessible style and includes quotes from renowned critics and arts practitioners throughout as well as frequent sidebars that offer timely, insightful, and entertaining examples of the points being made in the text.
Observing theatre : spirituality and subjectivity in the performing arts
Theatre criticism : changing landscapes
A semiotics of the dramatic text
King Henry V
Rethinking the Theatre of the Absurd is an innovative collection of essays, written by leading scholars in the fields of theatre, performance and eco-criticism, which reconfigures absurdist theatre through the optics of ecology and environment. As well as offering strikingly new interpretations of the work of canonical playwrights such as Beckett, Genet, Ionesco, Adamov, Albee, Kafka, Pinter, Shephard and Churchill, the book playfully mimics the structure of Martin Esslin's classic text The Theatre of the Absurd, which is commonly recognised as one of the most important scholarly publications of the 20th century. By reading absurdist drama, for the first time, as an emergent form of ecological theatre, Rethinking the Theatre of the Absurd interrogates afresh the very meaning of absurdism for 21st-century audiences, while at the same time making a significant contribution to the development of theatre and performance studies as a whole. The collection's interdisciplinary approach, accessibility, and ecological focus will appeal to students and academics in a number of different fields, including theatre, performance, English, French, geography and philosophy. It will also have a major impact on the new cross disciplinary paradigm of eco-criticism.
Styles of radical will
Theatre ecology : environments and performance events
The political theatre of David Edgar : negation and retrieval
Theatre of the oppressed
An unspeakable betrayal : selected writings of Luis Buñuel
1956 and all that : the making of modern British drama
Theories of the theatre : a historical and critical survey, from the Greeks to the present
The feminist spectator as critic
A George Jean Nathan reader
Testament of a critic
The dance experience : insights into history, culture, and creativity
Beckett, technology and the body
Dario Fo : people's court jester
Theatrewritings
The death of tragedy
The necessary theatre
Shakespeare and the traditions of comedy
Post-war british drama : looking back in gender
"This collection considers issues that have emerged in Early Modern Studies in the past fifteen years relating to understandings of mind and body in Shakespeare's world. Informed by The Body in Parts, the essays in this book respond also to the notion of an early modern 'body-mind' in which Shakespeare and his contemporaries are understood in terms of bodily parts and cognitive processes. What might the impact of such understandings be on our picture of Shakespeare's theatre or on our histories of the early modern period, broadly speaking? This book provides a wide range of approaches to this challenge, covering histories of cognition, studies of early modern stage practices, textual studies, and historical phenomenology, as well as new cultural histories by some of the key proponents of this approach at the present time. Because of the breadth of material covered, full weight is given to issues that are hotly debated at the present time within Shakespeare Studies: presentist scholarship is presented alongside more historically-focused studies, for example, and phenomenological studies of material culture are included along with close readings of texts. What the contributors have in common is a refusal to read the work of Shakespeare and his contemporaries either psychologically or materially; instead, these essays address a willingness to study early modern phenomena (like the Elizabethan stage) as manifesting an early modern belief in the embodiment of cognition"--
Theatre on the edge : new visions, new voices
