http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14783 national literature
national literature
History, insight, poetry : an International Shota Rustaveli Symposium : April 11-12, 1991, University of Turku, Turku, Finland : symposium programme, abstracts of papers, exhibitions and general information
The Kalevala : epic of the Finnish people
Bibliografia literatury tłumaczonej na je̜zyk polski wydanej w latach 1945-1976 = Bibliography of literature translated into Polish and published between the years 1945-1976. 1
Dialogues with death
Why fiction? : on the relationship between literature and the traumas of Finnish history
Ethnicity and cultural authority : from Arnold to Du Bois
The Kalevala : the epic poem of Finland
The Sháh Námeh of the Persian poet Firdausi
A night in distant motion
The Bhagavadgita or the Song Divine : with Sanskrit text and a English translation
A companion to the Nibelungenlied
Children's literature in Hitler's Germany : the cultural policy of national socialism
The Kalevala
Suomen kirjallisuus : vuosiluettelo = Finlands litteratur : årskatalog = The Finnish national bibliography : annual volume. 1994, Aakkosellinen osa = Alfabetisk avdelning = Alphabetical section
The gaiety of nations
The man in the high castle
Kalevala : the Land of Heroes. Vol. 2
Among the great works of world literature, perhaps one of the least familiar to English readers is the Shahnameh, the national epic of Persia. This prodigious narrative, composed by the poet Ferdowsi between the years 980 and 1010, tells the story of pre-Islamic Iran, beginning in the mythic time of Creation and continuing forward to the Arab invasion in the seventh century. As a window on the world, Shahnameh belongs in the company of such literary masterpieces as Dante's Divine Comedy, the plays of Shakespeare, the epics of Homer--classics whose reach and range bring whole cultures into view. In its pages are unforgettable moments of national triumph and failure, human courage and cruelty, blissful love and bitter grief. Now Dick Davis, the greatest modern translator of Persian poetry, has revisited that poem, turning the finest stories of Ferdowsi's original into an elegant combination of prose and verse.--From publisher description.
Finnish forests
The Kalevala : the epic poem of Finland into English in two volumes
Kalevala : the land of the heroes. Vol. 1
The Old Kalevala and certain antecedents
Suomen kirjallisuus : vuosiluettelo = Finlands litteratur : årskatalog = The Finnish national bibliography : annual volume. 1988, A-O
Literature and society : cross-cultural perspectives : eleventh American studies seminar, October 1976, Los Baños, Philippines
Suomen kirjallisuus : vuosiluettelo : = Finlands litteratur : årskatalog = The Finnish national bibliography : annual volume . 1978
The greatest media event
Unknown soldiers
Kalevala : the Land of the Heroes
Suomen kirjallisuus = Finlands litteratur = The Finnish national bibliography. 1967-1971, Kirjat = Böcker = Books : Me-Ö
Editing the nation's memory : textual scholarship and nation-building in nineteenth-century Europe
Conceived presences : literary genealogy in Renaissance England
Suomen kirjallisuus = Finlands Litteratur = The Finnish national bibliography. 1967-1971, Kirjat = Böcker = Books : A-Ma
Suomen kirjallisuus : vuosiluettelo = Finlands litteratur : årskatalog = The Finnish national bibliography : annual volume. 1986
The Kalevala : an epic poem after oral tradition
The story of Kullervo
Relations with reality
Hugh Maclennan's national trilogy : mapping a Canadian identity (1940-1950)
The poetic Edda
Suomen kirjallisuus : vuosiluettelo = Finlands litteratur : årskatalog = The Finnish national bibliography : annual volume. 1990, P-Ö ; Alanmukainen osasto = systematisk avdelning = systematic section
Printed in the memory : literary treasures in the National Library of Finland
Primeval forests of Finland : cultural history, ecology and conservation
Birth of a nation : the literary inscription of Finnishness
The butchers of Berlin
Kalevala : the land of heroes. Vol. 2
Shahnameh : the Persian book of kings
Suomen kirjallisuus : vuosiluettelo = Finlands litteratur : årskatalog = The Finnish national bibliography : annual volume. 1982
Suomen kirjallisuus : vuosiluettelo = Finlands litteratur : årskatalog = The Finnish national bibliography : annual volume. 1992, P-Ö ; Alanmukainen osasto = Systematisk avdelning =Systematic section
The literary Channel : the inter-national invention of the novel
Icelandic books of the seventeenth century 1601-1700
What is world literature?
Europe's Northern frontier : perspectives on Finland's Western identity
Suomen kirjallisuus : vuosiluettelo = Finlands litteratur : årskatalog = The Finnish national bibliography : annual volume. 1987
