http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14792 phosphatic fertilizers
phosphatic fertilizers
Current world fertilizer trends and outlook to 2007/08
Abstract.
A systems approach to the management of arbuscular mycorrhiza : bioassay and study of the impact of phosphorus supply
Cadmium in fertilizers : risks to human health and the environment
Nutrient elements in grassland : soil-plant-animal relationships
Long-term effect on soil of restricted use of phosphate fertilisers
Fate of phosphorus in soil during a long term fertilization experiment in southern Finland
Phosphorus fertilisation : issues and outlook : paper presented to The International Fertiliser Society at a conference in Cambridge, on 14th Dec. 2006
Regional P stocks in soil and in animal manure as compared to P requirement of plants in Finland : Baltic Forum for Innovative Technologies for Sustainable Manure Management : WP4 Standardisation of manure types with focus on phosphorus
Phosphorus in Finnish soils in the 1900s with particular reference to the acid ammonium acetate soil test
Agricultural pollution : problems and practical solutions
Spatially optimal steady state phosphorus policies in crop production
We conducted a pot experiment to study the fertilization effects of four N- and P-rich organic waste resources alone and in combination with K-rich bottom wood ash at two application rates (150 kg N ha-1 + 120 kg K ha-1, 300 kg N ha-1 + 240 kg K ha-1). Plant-available N was the growth-limiting factor. 48-73% of N applied with meat and bone meal (MBM) and composted fish sludge (CFS) was taken up in aboveground biomass, resulting in mineral fertilizer equivalents (MFE%) of 53-81% for N uptake and 61-104% for yield. MFE% of MBM and CFS decreased for increasing application rates. Two industrial composts had weak N fertilization effects and are to be considered soil conditioners rather than fertilizers. Possible P and K fertilization effects of waste resources were masked by the soil's ability to supply plant-available P and K, but effects on plant-available P and K contents in soil suggest that the waste resources may have positive effects under more nutrient-deficient conditions.
Phosphorus in the global environment : transfers, cycles and management
Effect of Bacillus subtilis on phosphorus uptake by cucumber as affected by iron oxides and the solubility of the phosphorus source
This book starts with depiction of the phosphorus role in life creation and evolution. Then it outlines in which vital processes different phosphates participate in life of all flora and fauna, from DNA molecules till body tissues. Crucial function of phosphates was noticed long ago, but only in XIX century discovery of mineral fertilizers made it possible to sustain the needs of growing global population, thus initiating a green revolution. Though, for many decades after it, the complexity of interactions fertilizer-soil-plant roots was underrated, causing massive damages, such as soil destruction and eutrophication of waters. Still, mining of exhausting natural phosphate reserves continued worldwide. Lessons of what happened in XIX century due to scarcity of phosphates were ignored. In the meantime, production of phosphates reached its peak few years ago. Immediate implementation of phosphate recycling technologies from municipal wastes can help avoid imminent global disaster.
Use of phosphate rocks for sustainable agriculture
Analysing nutrient values of fermented biowaste leachate
The phosphorus index tool for assessing phosphorus transfer from agricultural areas in Norway
Physiological aspects of plant phosphorus in relation to its acquisition from the soil by crop plants : paper presented to The International Fertiliser Society at a conference in Cambridge, on 14th December 2006
Abstract: Follow-up study on the impacts of agri-environment measures (MYTVAS 2) : mid-term report.
Mapping erosion- and phosphorus-vulnerable areas in the Baltic Sea Region : data availability, methods and biosecurity aspects
The aim of this study was to determine the effect of meat and bone meal (MBM) used as an organic fertilizer on maize grown for grain. A two-factorial field experiment in a randomized block design was carried out in 2010 and 2011, in north-eastern Poland. Experimental factor I was MBM dose (1.0, 1.5, 2.0 and 2.5 t ha-1 year-1), and experimental factor II was the year of the study (two consecutive years). Increasing MBM doses contributed to an increase in maize grain yield and 1000-grain weight. The yield-forming effect of MBM applied at 1.5 t ha-1 year-1 was comparable with that of nitrogen and phosphorus contained in mineral fertilizers. A dose of 2.5 t ha-1 MBM led to a significant increase in maize grain yield. The P and K content of maize grain was determined by MBM dose, whereas the concentrations of N, Mg and Ca in grain were not affected by MBM dose. Significantly higher N, P, K and Mg uptake by maize plants was observed in treatments with the highest MBM dose, compared with the control tratment. Nitrogen and phosphorus uptake per 1 t MBM reached 101 kg and 26 kg, respectively. The results of a two-year study show that the maximum MBM dose (2.5 t ha-1 year-1) met the fertilizer requirements of maize with respect to nitrogen and phosphorus.
Phosphorus fertilizer leaching from drained ombrotrophic peatland forests : empirical studies and modelling
World phosphates supply to the year 2000
Towards sustainable intensification of feedstock production with nutrient cycling
Meat and bone meal (MBM) is a by-product of the meat industry and is an important pathway for recycling of N and P. MBM contains about 8% N, 5% P, 1% K and 10% Ca. Field trials compared the effects of MBM and mineral  fertilizer on yield and quality of sugar beet (2008-2009) and carrot (2010-2011) in Finland. MBM fertilisation of sugar beet grown on clay loam and sandy clay soil gave 11.4% (2008) and 19.6% (2009) lower yields than mineral fertilizers. The lower root yield in 2008 was compensated by higher extractable sugar content and lower amino-N, K and Na in root but no such compensation in root quality was detected for 2009. Mixing MBM with mineral NPK fertilizers had similar effects as MBM-alone. MBM (80 kg N ha-1 2010 and 60 kg N ha-1 2011) together with K fertilizer (Patentkali®, 180 kg K ha-1) were applied for carrot to a fine sandy till soil in 2010 and sandy loam in 2011. MBM alone gave 14% lower total and marketable root yield than mineral fertilization. The lower yield was compensated by improved quality, lower NO3- content in the carrot and good storability. Adding extra fertilizer during growth or separating fertilization applications had no effect on root yield or quality. MBM performed in these cases mainly as an organic N fertilizer. The N supply from MBM is not sufficient for achieving same yields as with mineral fertilizers. The relative N efficiency of total N of MBM was 83% that of mineral fertilizers. MBM should be targeted on soils with low P status.  We conclude that MBM is a reasonably competitive alternative to mineral fertilizers, and as a recycled fertilizer it is a good option for organic production.
The traditional production of mineral N and P fertilisers is unsustainable due its reliance on fossil fuels in the case of N, and on limited mineral resource stocks in the case of P. The use of alternative or complementary fertilisers that originate from organic waste materials is gaining interest. Organic farms, especially arable organic farms without livestock, need usable sources of plant nutrients. Meat bone meal (MBM), a potential organic fertiliser for agricultural crops, contains considerable amounts of nutrients (on average 8% N, 5% P, 1% K and 10% Ca). In EU countries, Commission regulation (EC) No 181/2006 authorised the use of MBM as an organic fertiliser. In this study, MBM was compared to conventional mineral NPK fertiliser. Two randomised complete block split-plot field experiments were conducted: one with spring barley (Hordeum vulgare) in two years; and another with oat (Avena sativa) for three years, including a fourth year of testing for residual effect. Compared to mineral fertiliser (20% N, 3% P and 9% K), MBM was applied at three N levels: 60, 90 and 120 kg N ha-1. The grain yield of both cereal species supported by MBM, did not differ from the yield obtained with the mineral fertiliser at any N level. At 120 kg N ha-1, the grain yield level with either type was ca. 4500 kg ha-1 of barley and 5000 kg ha-1 of oat, representing fair averages for Finnish conditions. Moreover, MBM and mineral fertilisation showed no differences in quality in terms of 1000-grain weight, test-weight, protein content and protein yield. Since MBM has a low N/P ratio, P was applied in surplus to attain comparable N levels. Therefore MBM fertilisation should be fitted for crop rotation and for meeting environmental requirements.
Fertilization effects of organic waste resources and bottom wood ash: results from a pot experiment
Meat bone meal as fertiliser for barley and oat
Agriculture, fertilizers and the environment
Efficiency of soil and fertilizer phosphorus use : reconciling changing concepts of soil phosphorus behaviour with agronomic information
The aim of the thesis was to compare the differences between three different treatments which are labeled as A, B and C, respectively. Treatments A and B contained additive products designed to enhance the fermentation process of biowaste and extract leachate. In treatment A, the additive product was in liquid form. Treatment B used the additive product that was in solid form. Treatment C contained no additive products and was used as a reference. The anaerobic digestion process of kitchen biowaste was used in this study to produce leachate. The leachate was collected and analyzed for its nutritional value as fertilizer. Chemical analysis was done to find the concentrations of Nitrogen (N), Phosphorus (P) and Potassium (K), in the leachates. The results of this study showed that Treatment B had the highest concentration of nutrients per liter compared to treatment A and treatment C. However, treatment A produced overall a greater volume of leachate compared to the other treatments. The con-centration of Total Nitrogen in the leachate was between 0,33 – 1,06 g/l. The concentration of Total Phosphorus was between 0,53 – 1,09 mg/l.  In addition, when comparing the concentration of Potassium, which was between 2,6 – 3,4 mg/l, the values seemed higher than the potassium value of separated urine carried out by EcoSanRes.
Meat and bone meal as nitrogen fertilizer to cereals in Norway
Dynamically and spatially efficient phosphorus policies in crop production
Phosphorus requirements for sustainable agriculture in Asia and Oceania : proceedings of a symposium, 6-10 March 1989.
Optimization of struvite production from urine
Soil water requirements and reponse to fertilisation of barley in Northern Ethiopia = Krav til jordråme og utslag for gjødsling hos bygg i Nord-Etiopia
Effects of meat bone meal as fertilizer on yield and quality of sugar beet and carrot
Micellar-enhanced ultrafiltration for the removal of heavy metals from phosphorous-rich wastewaters : from end-of-pipe to clean technology
Functional roles of biodiversity : a global perspective
Essays on socially optimal phosphorus policies in crop production
Phosphorus : an element that could have been called Lucifer
The effect of increasing doses of meat and bone meal (MBM) on maize (Zea mays L.) grown for grain
In this work, we examined the effects of Bacillus subtilis strain QST713 by assessing plant P uptake from variably P compound .The experiment performed involved three factors: (i) P source [KH2PO4 at 100 mg kg-1, and phosphate rock (PR) at 100 or 200 mg kg-1]; (ii) plant inoculation with QST713 (inoculated and non-inoculated); and (iii) Fe oxide (ferrihydrite) in the growth medium (0 or 300 mg kg-1 concentration of citrate-ascorbate-extractable Fe). Ferrihydrite decreased dry matter yield in plants by more than 50 %. Inoculation with QST713 increased plant growth, and total accumulation of P and P uptake in plants. Overall, QST713 increased P uptake by 40 %, the effect being independent of the presence of ferrihydrite and P source. The increased P uptake observed can be ascribed to increased solubilization of P and to increased root growth.. Therefore, QST713 improves P nutrition in plants grown on media with a high P adsorption capacity irrespective of the solubility of the P compound.
Combination of biological and physico-chemical factors in the development of manure nutrient recovery and recycling-oriented technology
Fertile soil : a grower's guide to organic & inorganic fertilizers
