http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14754 republic (forms of government)
republic (forms of government)
As projected in earlier forecasts, Chinese economic growth continues to slow. 2015 GDP growth overall should average around 7 % p.a., and then the growth is expected to fall to around 6 % p.a. in 2016 and 2017. China faces the challenge of creating new engines of growth and managing its existing problems. This calls for determined reforms that inevitably will also bring about various kind of disturbances in the economy. Given decelerating growth and rising indebtedness, the risk that the Chinese economy underperforms this forecast is rising..
Soviet Karelia in figures 1991
Traditional Korean painting
Traditional Korean art
Effects of changes in land-use, age-structure and management on carbon dynamics of European forests
Ecological structure of South Korea : an ecological factor analysis of cities and rural communities in South Korea in 1969
Policy and economic performance in divided Korea during the Cold War era : 1945-91
Debating right to asylum : a conceptual and rhetorical reading of the German post-war deliberations
The fall of the Roman Republic
The Dutch Republic in the seventeenth century : The Golden Age
The article examines the reproduction of labor potential in the Republic of Karelia. Particular attention in the research is given to the effects of the main types of social and labor mobility (territorial, educational, professional and medical). The article stems from theoretical explorations of this subject by Russian researchers and the results of an economic and sociological survey of the working-age population of the Karelia region. It was conducted with the participation of the author in 2012 in the three municipalities of the Republic of Karelia. The research surveyed 450 respondents. The survey and statistical analysis of demographic data helped to establish the information base, which allowed performing a quantitative and qualitative assessment of the reproduction of labor potential while evaluating the impact of social and labor mobility..
OECD economic surveys : Korea. 1993-1994
Emotional labour and burnout among public middle school teachers in South Korea
Youth participation in Finland and in Germany : status analysis and data based recommendations
Communication Tools and the Influence of Culture in Television Advertising : A Study of South Korea and Finland
Seoul : Korea
The insider's guide to Korea
Biomass of karst evergreen and deciduous broad-leaved mixed forest in central Guizhou province, southwestern China: a comprehensive inventory of a 2 ha plot
The beginning of the Cold War as a phenomenon of realpolitik : U.S. Secretary of State James F. Byrnes in the field of power politics 1945 - 1947
Music and emotions
Crime & justice in American history : historical articles on the origins and evolution of American criminal justice. 1, vol.1, The colonies and early republic
The girl with seven names : a North Korean defector's story
Food habits and related biomarkers in Pitkäranta, Russia, and North Karelia, Finland : trends and educational differences, 1992-2007
Labor migration in the border region is one of the important processes of interaction of neighboring countries. This process intensifies in a globalizing world economy. The article presents a study of international labor migration from the Republic of Karelia, Russia. The article presents the Karelia's labor migration and make an analysis of how well they'correspond to the world trends of labor migration; highlights of the institutional conditions for migration of population in Karelia; the method of research and the results of the study; proposals for authorities in regulation of migration flows at regional level in a globalizing world economy..
The breakdown of the Roman Republic : from oligarchy to empire
Literary intellectuals and the dissolution of the state : professionalism and confirmity in the GDR
From Republic to Empire : Scipio Africanus in the Punica of Silius Italicus
The problems of founding a national park in the Komi Republic
"The study of Roman republican magistracy has traditionally been the preserve of historians posing constitutional and prosopographical questions. As a result, one fundamental aspect of our most detailed contemporary and near-contemporary sources about magistracy has remained largely neglected: their literariness. This book takes a new approach to the representation of magistrates and shows how the rhetorical and formal features of prose texts - principally Livy's history but also works by Cicero and Sallust - shape our understanding of magistracy. Applying to the texts an expanded concept of exemplarity, Haimson Lushkov shows how a rich body of anecdotes concerning the behaviour and speech of magistrates reflects on the values and tensions that defined the republic. A variety of contexts - familial, military, and electoral, among others - flesh out the experience of being, becoming, and encountering a Roman magistrate, and the political and ethical problems highlighted and negotiated in such circumstances"--
Executive summary (s. xiv-xv).
Cicero and modern law
This volume completes the three-volume collection of Fergus Millar's essays, which, together with his books, transformed the study of the Roman Empire by shifting the focus of inquiry onto the broader Mediterranean world and beyond. The eighteen essays presented here include Millar's classic contributions to our understanding of the impact of Rome on the peoples, cultures, and religions of the eastern Mediterranean, and the extent to which Graeco-Roman culture acted as a vehicle for the self-expression of the indigenous cultures. In an epilogue written to conclude the collection, Millar argues for rethinking the focus of "ancient history" itself and for considering the Levant and the eastern Mediterranean from the first millennium B.C. to the Islamic conquests a valid scholarly framework and an appropriate educational syllabus for the study of antiquity. English translations of extended ancient passages in Greek, Latin, and Semitic languages in all the essays make Millar's most important articles accessible for the first time to specialists and nonspecialists alike.
The Voices of Azania from Cape Town: Rastafarian Reggae Music's claim to Autochthonous African belonging
A companion to the Roman Republic
Politics, foreign trade and economic development in the Dominican Republic
Current laws of the Republic of Korea
Doing business in the Czech Republic
Biogeography, landscapes, ecosystems and species of Zaonezhye Peninsula, in Lake Onega, Russian Karelia
A concise history of Republican Rome
Absent or Ambivalent Mothers and Avoidant Children - An Evolutionary Reading of Zhang Kangkang's Motherhood Stories
Tearing down the curtain, opening the gates : Northern boundaries in change
Cognition of Korean-English secondary school teachers about intercultural dimension in EFL teaching
The economic transformation of South Korea : lessons for the transition economies
Comparison of wood based energy related policies in Russia and Finland : case study of the Republic of Karelia and North Karelia
OECD economic surveys : Korea. 2000-2001
Market opportunities for fish farming cage frames in the Republic of Karelia
Traditional Korean music
The collapse of the Weimar Republic : political economy and crisis
Economic control and political authoritarianism : the role of Japanese corporations in Korean politics 1965-1979
The biomass of a secondary evergreen and deciduous broad-leaved mixed forest was comprehensively inventoried in a permanent 2 ha plot in southwestern China. Biomass models, sub-sampling, soil pit method, and published data were utilized to determine the biomass of all components. Results showed that the total biomass of the forest was 158.1 Mg ha−1; the total biomass included the major aboveground (137.7 Mg ha−1) and belowground (20.3 Mg ha−1) biomass components of vascular plants as well as the minor biomass components of bryophytes (0.078 Mg ha−1) and lichens (0.043 Mg ha−1). The necromass was 17.6 Mg ha−1 and included woody debris (9.0 Mg ha−1) and litter (8.6 Mg ha−1). The spatial pattern of the aboveground biomass was determined by the spatial distribution of dominant trees with large diameter, tall height, and dense wood. The belowground biomass differed in terms of root diameter and decreased with increasing soil depth. The belowground biomass in each soil pit in local habitats was not related to the spatial distribution of woody plants and soil pit depth. The karst forest presented lower biomass compared than the nonkarst forests in the subtropical zone. Biomass carbon in the karst terrains would increase substantially if degraded karst vegetation could be successfully restored to the forest. Comprehensive site-based biomass inventory of karst vegetation will contribute not only to provide data for benchmarking global and regional vegetation and carbon models but also for regional carbon inventory and vegetation restoration..
South Korea
Korean Presidential election act
German Democratic Rebublic (GDR) : Amnesty International briefing
In this book, Christopher Mackay recounts the last century of the Roman Republic in a readable, narrative treatment. Within this narrative he analyzes the breakdown of the traditional Republican form of government as a result of the administrative and political crises brought about by the Roman conquest of the Mediterranean basin in the Middle Republic. He also shows how the many reforms instituted by Augustus, which effectively created the new imperial form of government, were a reaction to the failings of the Republic. Illustrated with an extensive collection of coin images that document the changes in contemporary political ideology, this volume also focuses on the political significance of the key personalities, including Marius, Sulla, and Caesar, who played a large role in the events that lead to the demise of the Roman Republic.
Race to the swift : state and finance in Korean industrialization
Set in an alternative historical present, in a "eusistocracy"- An extreme welfare state - that holds public health and social stability above all else, it follows a young woman whose growing addiction to illegal chili peppers leads her on an adventure into a world where love, sex, and free will are all controlled by the state.
The materiality of res publica : how to do things with public?
France and its empire since 1870
Machiavelli and the modern state : the prince, the discourses on Livy, and the extended territorial republic
Discourses concerning government
Industrial development review series. The Republic of Korea
The Dominican Republic : a national history
South Africa
Using local celebrities in branding and marketing of electronic goods in Finland  : based on South Korean endorsement models
The 1980s meeting a new challenge : selected speeches of President Chun Doo Hwan. 5
The republican legacy in international thought
The rise of the Korean economy
Appropriate Institutions and Economic Growth : one size fits no-one
From violence to boundaries : the production of the Dominican Republic in the Dominican-Haitian borderlands
Cultural policy in the German Democratic Republic
Weimar culture : the outsider as insider
Development of the management and cost accounting of wood harvesting in the Republic of Karelia
The National Assembly of the Republic of Korea = L'Assemblée nationale de la Republique de Coree
Livy's written Rome
The development of the educational system in the German Democratic Republic : report to the 41st session of the International Conference on Public Education of UNESCO, Geneva, 1989.
Reproduction of labor potential in the Republic of Karelia (Russia)
France : empire and republic, 1850-1940. Historical documents
The current U.S. reset policy with Russia involves efforts to blaze a path of mutual cooperation on arms control and proliferation. In arms control, we see determined administration attempts to promote greater nuclear reductions in the direction of nuclear zero, including reductions in tactical nuclear weapons. This necessarily leads Moscow to raise issues of missile defense in Europe that it vehemently opposes. This monograph analyzes Russia's position on these arms control issues and examines the chances for the United States to achieve its arms control goals in the foreseeable future. It also looks at the Russian position with regard to the main nonproliferation issues of Iran and North Korea, what the implications of these positions are for the achievement of U.S. policy goals, and what the United States might do with regard to Russia to advance those goals in a dynamic international environment.
Magistracy and the historiography of the Roman republic : politics in prose
Samsung Electronics and the struggle for leadership of the electronics industry
Cross cultural analysis of the influence of humor on organizational dissent in the US, Korea, Japan, and China
Popular Korean historiography in Northeast Asia : a critical survey from the 13th century until the present, pertaining to Early Korea
The environment in contexts:environmental concern in the Komi Republic (Russia)
Transnational Spaces in the Virtual World : Dominican Migrant Communities in the Social Media
Rome, the Greek world, and the East. Vol. 3, The Greek world, the Jews and the East
Korean art guide
Korean beauty secrets : a practical guide to cutting-edge skincare and makeup
The Dominican Republic
The cormorants of Lake Ladoga in the early 20th century: Arctic invaders or continental colonists?
Arms control and proliferation challenges to the reset policy
There are two native subspecies of the great cormorant Phalacrocorax carbo in Europe: the mainly coastal nominate subspecies carbo, and the mainly continental subspecies sinensis. The population of the latter, in particular, has increased significantly in recent decades. Old literature records suggest that cormorants of some kind were breeding at the largest freshwater lake in Europe, Lake Ladoga, in the early part of the 20th century. A couple of specimens from this population were allegedly also collected; however, the current whereabouts of these specimens appear to be unknown. Recent studies have shown that both cormorant subspecies are ecologically fairly flexible and, therefore, breeding at a freshwater locality cannot by itself be regarded as evidence that they belonged to the continental subspecies sinensis. Thus, it is not possible to ascertain with certainty to which subspecies Lake Ladoga's cormorants belonged..
"This book offers a significant reinterpretation of the history of republican political thought and of Niccolo Machiavelli's place within it. It locates Machiavelli's political thought within enduring debates about the proper size of republics. From the sixteenth century onward, as states grew larger, it was believed only monarchies could govern large territories effectively. Republicanism was a form of government relegated to urban city-states, anachronisms in the new age of the territorial state. For centuries, history and theory were in agreement: constructing an extended republic was as futile as trying to square the circle; but then James Madison devised a compound representative republic that enabled popular government to take on renewed life in the modern era. This work argues that Machiavelli had his own Madisonian impulse and deserves to be recognized as the first modern political theorist to envision the possibility of a republic with a large population extending over a broad territory"--
This thesis aims to explore business opportunities through discovering factors that are needed to be known to understand Korean sense of humor, Hae-Hak, in practice on external communication with advertisement. By focusing on the research on specific examples of Korean advertisements that Hae-Hak is used, this paper will help you to understand Korean sense of humor. Under the HURMOS Project, to discover the utility of humor in business life of South Korea, research has been done.
"Would I have been better off there?" : comparison, need and conduciveness in a Finnish emigrant's account
The Weimar dilemma : intellectuals in the Weimar Republic
National biodiversity strategy 1997 : Republic of Korea
Management control and performance in French-Korean joint ventures
Business Korea : a practical guide to understanding South Korean business culture
Body and politick : bodily images and the English republicans 1665-1704
Emergence of the Korean popular culture in the world
Babushka in flux : grandmothers and family-making between Russian Karelia and Finland
Contemporary religious tendencies in Korea as reflected in a Confucian sect
Xenophon's prince : republic and empire in the Cyropaedia
The odyssey of Korean democracy : Korean politics, 1987-1990
I'll be right there : a novel
Discourses on Livy
Korea : past and present
The role of presidential advisory systems in US foreign policy-making : the case of the National Security Council and Vietnam, 1953-1961
The bourgeois Democrats of Weimar Germany
Agricultural trade policy in developing countries during take-off
The Rastafarian movement has experienced fast growth during recent years in South Africa and especially in the province of Western Cape. This article examines this process through an ethnographic account of a weekly reggae dancehall event held by the Rastafarian Marcus Garvey community in the township of Philippi in Cape Town. During the course of three months of fieldwork the author investigated how recorded Jamaican dancehall music is used in the community and how it is articulated to different Rastafarian identifications within the dancehall space. Several scholars of Rastafari have suggested that contemporary Jamaican dancehall music has had theological impact on the Rastafarian movement, particularly outside of the Caribbean. The article provides an empirical contribution to these discussions by demonstrating that Rastafarians in the Marcus Garvey community have made significant innovations both theologically and musically in relation to their Jamaican counterparts, reorienting contemporary Jamaican popular music as a spiritual practice linked to religious purity norms informed by an international Rastafarian organization, the Nyabinghi Order. As a result Jamaican dancehall music is taking a central position in various moral negotiations within the Marcus Garvey community.
Reviews of national science and technology policy. Republic of Korea
Impact of globalization of the world economy on the transboundary labor migration in the Russian border region Karelia
Bis-phenol A: orgin, fate, dilemma and the effects of increased background organics on its adsorption by powdered activated carbon
The German Democratic Republic since 1945
Are Chinese GDP statistics reliable?
The Roman republic
The Republic of Korea 2000.
Global processes, local strategies : migration of educated Dominicans
Education, employment and development in the German Democratic Republic
The military balance in the Baltic Sea region : notes on a defunct concept
Cross-cultural analysis of teacher confirmation, student motivation, classroom emotion and emotional interest in China, Korea and Japan
A comparative analysis on Finnish and Korean high school English textbooks in the perspective of communicative language teaching
The technical intelligentsia and the East German elite : legitimacy and social change in mature communism
Crime & justice in American history : historical articles on the origins and evolution of American criminal justice. 1, vol.2, The colonies and early republic
This evolutionary reading of the Chinese writer Zhang Kangkang's maternal stories explores the specificities and agency of mothers and of children. The dilemma confronted by physically absent and/or emotionally detached mothers, depicted in Zhang's stories, entails women's strategic intelligence to make tradeoffs between their reproductive efforts and their life stage and conditions. It sheds light on conditional maternal commitment, the necessity and feasibility of cooperative childrearing, and various mother-child conflicts. Zhang's texts also describe insecurely attached infants and children who sink into a nonchalant and avoidant state after experiencing distress, terror, or resentment due to insensitive and unpredictable mothering. Absent and ambivalent mothers are generally harassed by the feeling of guilt, resulting from conditional maternal commitment, mother-child conflicts, and the high expectations of the motherhood myth. Children's counterstrategies also regulate and enhance maternal or alloparental care.
Aging in Korea : today and tomorrow
Summary observations (s. xvii-xxii).
Despite increased economic and market uncertainty, China's GDP statistics still point to almost 7% growth, which is in line with official growth targets. According to the statistics, the deceleration of growth has been very smooth. This has once again raised suspicions over the reliability of Chinese GDP data. However, although there is much room for improvement in the coverage and transparency of the Chinese statistics, recent studies do not generally find evidence of significant or systematic falsification of GDP figures..
Foreign direct investment in a changing political environment : Finnish investment decisions in South Korea
China develops, growth slows
Lifestyle advertisements in South Korea
Rising indebtedness increases risks in China
Learning culture : international exchange students at Yonsel University in Korea
Coming of age : German foreign policy since 1945
Legislative staff in Korea
Nuclear-free security : refocusing nuclear disarmament and the review of the nuclear non-proliferation treaty
Military industry in Taiwan and South Korea
Institutional environment in North Korea : market structure and overcoming institutional voids
A research on the ethical dimension of banking crises in the Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus (TRNC)
The quest for prosperity and liberty : a study on the narrative romances of Park Chung-hee and Chun Doo-hwan
Weimar, a cultural history, 1918-1933
Opomíjená archeologie 2007-2008 = Neglected archaeology 2007-2008
Forests of the Republic of Karelia
Korean National Assembly members election act
The core of the sun
The birth of the Republic 1763-89
South Koreans oppose war and nuclear weapons
This Companion provides n authoritative and up-to-date overview of Roman republican history as it is currently practiced. The volume takes account of recent developments that have enriched our picture of the Republic. These include the continuing archaeological exploration of Italy, increasingly sophisticated approaches to textual sources, and the opening up of new areas of historical study and debate such as the nature of theb republican political system, Roman identity formation, representation of the body, collective memory, and demography and social structure. At the same time, the book retains the drama of the Republic's rise and fall.
Atlas of mineral resources of the ESCAP region. Volume 3, Republic of Korea : explanatory brochure
Reviews of national policies for education : Korea
GDR society and institutions : facts and figures
JUMPING NYAHBINGHI YOUTHS: LOCAL ARTICULATIONS OF ROOTS REGGAE MUSIC IN A RASTAFARIAN DANCEHALL IN CAPE TOWN
The constitution and platform and basic policies
Alive
Atlas of high conservation value areas, and analysis of gaps and representativeness of the protected area network in northwest Russia : Arkhangelsk, Vologda, Leningrad, and Murmansk Regions, Republic of Karelia, and City of St. Petersburg
Respublika Kareliâ v cifrah : kratkij statističeskij sbornik = Republic of Karelia in figures : concise statistical handbook
Junk feminism and nuclear wannabes : collaging parodies of Iran and North Korea
The Cambridge ancient history. Vol. 9, The Roman Republic 133-44 B.C
The total amount of public and private debt in China has increased rapidly since the financial crisis. The country's debt-to-GDP ratio has already reached the level seen in many advanced economies. The rapid rise in debt in many countries has led to financial sector problems and to a marked slowing of economic growth. Sustainable management of the economy in China would require a slowdown in the debt build-up. There are no indications of this as yet. Curbing debt accumulation would require China's readiness to accept lower growth targets..
Karelia in figures. '93
Korea's globalization
Conclusion (s. 120-138).
The fall of the Roman republic
Respublika Kareliâ v cifrah 2007 : kratkij statističeskij sbornik = Republic of Karelia in figures : concise statistical handbook
Korean dance, theater and cinema
The rule of law under siege : selected essays of Franz L. Neumann and Otto Kirchheimer
Stars between the sun and moon : one woman's life in North Korea and escape to freedom
Observing the transformation of China's first marriage pattern through net nuptiality tables : 1982-2010
Democracy in South Korea
Republic of Korea 2004
"The Korean peninsula during the Cold War provided a cruel but historically unparalleled real-world "experiment" in the relationship between polity and material advance: an ethnically and culturally homogenous nation was, in 1945, suddenly divided by an arbitrary boundary line and then subjected to two radically different and adversarial political economies for successive decades on end. Assessing the competition between the North and South Korean economies from partition to the end of the Soviet era, Nicholas Eberstadt argues that the storyline is not quite as simple as the now-prevailing narrative suggests (that centrally-planned economies are doomed to fail against market-oriented alternatives). Rather, he suggests, the race for material progress was just that: a race, the results of which were far from preordained at the outset. In Policy and Economic Performance in Divided Korea during the Cold War Era: 1945-91, Eberstadt presents an impressive compilation of hard-to-find comparative data on economic performance for the Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK, or North Korea) and the Republic of Korea (ROK, or South Korea) over two critical generations. By a number of indicators, Eberstadt argues, Kim Il Sung's North Korea actually outperformed South Korea for much of this period -- not only in the years immediately following partition, but perhaps also into the 1970s. To explain these surprising results, Eberstadt details the impact of government policies on the course of growth of both economies and offers some unorthodox observations about material performance under these two contending polities. He finds that prevailing economic development theory on such issues as planned-versus-market economies, military burden, and the relationship between material advance and poverty, may require reexamination in light of the experience of the two Koreas between partition and the end of the Cold War." --Back cover.
The French experience from republic to monarchy, 1792-1824 : new dawns in politics, knowledge, and culture
Unification policies of South and North Korea, 1945-1991 : a comparative study
Comparative European politics
Caribbean island music : songs and dances of Haiti, the Dominican Republic & Jamaica
Academy of Berendejs
The birth of Korean cool : how one nation is conquering the world through pop culture
The Komi republic : resources and actors
Ethics and climate change : a study of national commitments
Rome, the Greek world, and the East. Vol. 1, The Roman republic and the Augustan revolution
Humor in business : case analysis of South Korean humorous advertisements
Reagan's mythical America : towards a narrative theory of prophetic politics
Devising liberty : preserving and creating freedom in the new american republic
