http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14780 Latin language
Latin language
Advanced Latin : materials for A2 and Pre-U
The approach to Latin reading
The Roman inscriptions of Britain. Vol. 2, Instrumentum domesticum (personal belongings and the like), fasc. 4: Wooden barrels...(RIB 2442-2480)
Lingua latina per se illustrata. Latin - English vocabulary I
Essentials of Latin grammar : a practical guide to the mastery of Latin
With its striking range and penetrating depth, Brill's Encyclopaedia of the Neo-Latin World traces the enduring history and broad cultural influence of Neo-Latin, the form of Latin that originated in the Italian Renaissance and persists to the modern era. Featuring original contributions by a host of distinguished international scholars, this two-volume work explores every aspect of the civilized world from literature and law to philosophy and the sciences. An invaluable resource for both the advanced scholar and the graduate student.
A concise etymological dictionary of Latin
Quantity and accent in Latin : an introduction to the reading of Latin aloud
British Latin : the text, interpretation and language of the Bath curse tablets
Langenscheidt's Latin-English dictionary
Latin for dummies
Ecce Romani : a Latin reading course. 2, Rome at last
The Latin thematic genitive singular
Bilingual Europe : Latin and vernacular cultures, examples of bilingualism and multilingualism c. 1300-1800
Understanding Roman inscriptions
The sounds of Latin : a descriptive and historical phonology
The revised Latin primer
Colloquium on Latin linguistics 5, Louvain-la-Neuve/Borzée 31 mars - 4 avril 1989 : proceedings = Colloque de linguistics latine
La trasmissione dei testi latini del Medioevo = Mediaeval Latin texts and their transmission. Te.Tra. 4
A dictionary of Latin words and phrases
Wheelock's Latin
Prose rhythm in medieval Latin from the 9th to the 13th century
Teach yourself beginner's Latin
Instrument and manner expressions in Latin
ALF MCMXCVII : IX Conventus internationalis = 9th International Congress : Jyväskylä, 6-13 Aug, 1997, Finlandia
Civis Romanus : a reader for the first two years of Latin
Two centuries of Roman poetry : extracts from Lucretius, Catullus, Virgil, Horace, Ovid, Martial, and Juvenal
Latin with laughter
Lingua latina : a college companion : based on Hans Ørberg's Latine disco, with vocabulary and grammar
Illustrated introduction to Latin epigraphy
Notae Latinae : an account of abbreviation in Latin MSS. of the early minuscule period (c. 700-850)
The fasti of Roman Britain
Latin for beginners : centurion edition
Mechanisms of language change in Latin
Studies on the Latin accusative absolute
Teach yourself latin
Mediae Latinitatis lexicon minus. Abbreviationes et index fontium
Oxford Latin dictionary. [1], A - Libero
Latin for beginners
Introduction to medieval Latin
The phonological basis of Latin prosody
Index grammaticus : an index to Latin grammar texts. 1, A-F
Ubi est and ubist : the problem of Latin aphaeresis and the phonology of esse
Intellegenda : comprehension exercises in Latin prose and verse
Carmina : a book of Latin songs
The Roman inscriptions of Britain. Vol. 2, Instrumentum domesticum (personal belongings and the like), fasc. 3: brooches, rings, gems, bracelets, helmets, shields, weapons, iron tools, baldric fittings, votives in gold, silver and bronze, lead pipes, roundels, sheets and other lead objects, stone roundels, pottery and bone roundels, other objects of bone (RIB 2421-2441)
Workbook for Wheelock's Latin
The Latin sexual vocabulary
A student's guide for Hans H. Oerberg's Lingua Latina secundum naturae rationem explicata. Vol. 2
Codices latini antiquiores : a palaeographical guide to Latin manuscripts prior to the ninth century. P. 9, Hungary, Luxembourg, Poland, Russia, Spain, Sweden, The United States and Yogoslavia
Basic Latin. 1
Index grammaticus : an index to Latin grammar texts. 2, G-R
Key to advanced Latin
The Roman cult of salus
Allen and Greenough's New Latin grammar for schools and colleges : founded on comparative grammar
Collins Latin language and Roman culture
Subject case in the Latin of Tuscan charters of the 8th and 9th centuries
Chambers Murray Latin-English dictionary
Latin stories for reading or telling to wit
The Latin language : a handbook for students
501 Latin verbs : fully conjugated in all the tenses in a new easy-to-learn format alphabetically arranged
A three year Latin vocabulary
Verba latina : Latin aspects, aktionsart and tense : a bibliograpgy for the years 1846-1990
This is the standard Latin grammar reference for college students majoring in the Classics. Includes a brief introduction followed by a comprehensive grammar.
Vox Latina : a guide to the pronunciation of classical Latin
The Latin language
First latin grammar and exercises, on Ollendorff's method
Per Saecula. 3, Comprehension and unseen translation
Latin : a four-year course to G.C.E. ordinary level. 4
Vindolanda : the Latin writing-tablets
Cavum Antrum Phrygiae : the organization and operations of the Roman imperial marble quarries in Phrygia
Medieval Latin word-list from British and Irish sources
Gildersleeve's Latin Grammar is the classic, comprehensive review of etymology, Latin grammar and syntax, and prosody. Favored by many students and teachers, Gildersleeve's Latin Grammar was enhanced in 1997 with a new foreword and comprehensive bibliography.
Latin : a historical and linguistic handbook
The Roman inscriptions of Britain. Vol. 2, Instrumentum domesticum (personal belongings and the like), fasc. 5: tile-stamps of the classis Britannica; imperial, procuratorial and civic tile-stamps; stamps of private tilers; inscriptions of relief-patterned tiles and graffiti on tiles (RIB 2481-2491)
Index grammaticus : an index to Latin grammar texts. 3, S-Z
Latin phrase book
Classical inscriptions at Shanganagh Castle, Co. Dublin
Cassell's new Latin-English English-Latin dictionary
An introduction to Vulgar Latin
How to insult abuse & insinuate in classical Latin
Papers on grammar. 7, Argumentation and latin
Bilingual Europe presents to the reader a Europe that for a long time was 'multilingual': besides the vernacular languages Latin played an important role. Even 'nationalistic' treatises could be written in Latin. Until deep into the 18th century scientific works were written in it. It is still an official language of the Roman Catholic Church. But why did authors choose for Latin or for their native tongue. In the case of bilingual authors, what made them choose either language, and what implications did that have? What interactions existed between the two? Contributors include Jan Bloemendal, Wiep van Bunge, H. Floris Cohen, Arjan C. van Dixhoorn, Guillaume van Gemert, Joep T. Leerssen, Ingrid Rowland, Arie Schippers, Eva Del Soldato, Demmy Verbeke, Fran©ʹoise Waquet, and Ari H. Wesseling.
Lingua latina per se illustrata. Pars II, Roma aeterna : Latin - English vocabulary II
The Christianisation of Latin metre : a study of Bede's De arte metrica
A glossary of later Latin to 600 A.D
Bona Dea : the sources and a description of the cult
Syntax of early Latin
The Latin component in English medical texts and some of the possibilities it offers for interdisciplinary integrated teaching
A Latin dictionary : founded on Andrews' edition of Freund's Latin dictionary
Handbook of Latin inscriptions illustrating the history of the language
Teach yourself Latin : a book of self-instruction in Latin, based on the work of W. A. Edward revised by Kathleen Baron, and now further revised, in parts rewritten, and augmented with easy extracts from Latin literature, sayings, and expressions common in English
Codices Latini antiquiores : a palaeographical guide to Latin manuscripts prior to the ninth century. Supplementum
Allen and Greenough's new Latin grammar : for schools and colleges : founded on comparative grammar
Latin : a four-year course to G.C.E. ordinary level. 3
Codices latini antiquiores : a palaeographical guide to Latin manuscripts prior to the ninth century. P. 5, France: Paris
Basic Latin. 2
Latin : a four-year course to G.C.E. ordinary level. 1
Mediae Latinitatis lexicon minus = Lexique latin médiéval = Medieval Latin dictionary = Mittellateinisches Wörterbuch
A selection of Latin inscriptions
Latin : a four-year course to G.C.E. ordinary level. 2
When dead tongues speak : teaching beginning Greek and Latin
The Roman inscriptions of Britain. Vol. 2, Instrumentum domesticum (personal belongings and the like), fasc. 2: weights, gold vessel, silver vessels, bronze vessels, lead vessels, pewter vessels, shale vessels, glass vessels, spoons (RIB 2412-2420)
Brill's encyclopaedia of the Neo-Latin world
Aspects of Latin : papers from the seventh International Colloquium on Latin Linguistics, Jerusalem, April 1993
Get started in Latin : for use with accompanying book Get started in Latin : absolute beginner
A lexikon of ancient Latin etymologies
More Latin lyrics : from Virgil to Milton
Fragments and specimens of early Latin
Petition and response : an epigraphic study of petitions to Roman emperors 181-249
