http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14767 numerology
numerology
Die Zahl Sieben im Alten Orient : Studien zur Zahlensymbolik in der Bibel und ihrer altorientalischen Umwelt = The number seven in the Ancient Near East : studies on the numerical symbolism in the Bible and its Ancient Near Eastern environment
Colors & numbers : your personal guide to positive vibrations in daily life
Seven : the number for happiness, love, and success
The secret language of birthdays : personology profiles for each day of the year
Guide to the occult and mysticism
John Dee's occultism : magical exaltation through powerful signs
In 1932, the groundbreaking physicist Wolfgang Pauli met the famous psychoanalyst Carl Jung. Pauli was fascinated by the inner reaches of his own psyche and not afraid to dabble in the occult, while Jung looked to science for answers to the psychological questions that tormented him. Their rich friendship led them, in Jung's words, into "the no-man's land between physics and the psychology of the unconscious ... the most fascinating yet the darkest hunting ground of our times." Both were obsessed with the far-reaching significance of the number "137"--a primal number that seemed to hint at the origins of the universe itself. Their quest to solve its enigma led them on a lifelong journey into the ancient secrets of alchemy, the work of Johannes Kepler, and the Chinese Book of Changes (Yijing). This is the story of an extraordinary and fruitful collaboration between two of the greatest thinkers of the twentieth century.--From publisher description.
Deciphering the cosmic number : the strange friendship of Wolfgang Pauli and Carl Jung
The numerology guidebook : uncover your destiny and the blueprint of your life
The living rosycross, August 24, 1924 - August 24, 1989 : word, life, light
Swedish numerals in an international perspective
Numerology : the complete guide. Vol. 1, The personality reading
The theology of arithmetic : number symbolism in Platonism and early Christianity
Bach's numbers : compositional proportion and significance
Neo-mythologism in music : from Scriabin and Schoenberg to Schnittke and Crumb
Numerology : your character and future revealed in numbers
The Greek Qabalah : alphabetic mysticism and numerology in the ancient world
The kabala of numbers. Part 2, A handbook of interpretation
Numerology : the complete guide. Vol. 2, Advanced personality analysis and reading the past, present and future
Numerology : discover your future, life purpose and destiny from your birth date and name
The tarot oracle : tarot cards, runes, palmistry, numerology, I Ching, crystals, tea leaves
Mental Illness By Numbers : The Mystery of Mental Illness Uncovered
Beyond measure : a guided tour through nature, myth, and number
Number theory and its history
