http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14721 emigration
emigration
Social Upheaval, Poverty and the Latvian Demographic Crisis
The Swedes in Australia. Volume 1-. Colonial Australia, 1788-1900
The lowland
Tribal migration in Himalayan frontiers : study of Guijar Bakarwal transhumance economy
Avoid sailing on an Irish famine ship!
Yearbook of population research in Finland. 35, 1998-1999
New mobilities and social change in Russia's Arctic regions
Hadiyaddii Giita = A gift for Gita
"Is the EU enlargement the success EU institutions proclaim? Based on fifteen years of fieldwork research across Central and Eastern Europe and on migrants in the UK and Germany, this book provides a less glittering answer. The EU has betrayed hopes of social cohesion: social regulations have been forgotten, multinationals use threats of relocations, and workers, left without institutional channels to voice their concerns, have reacted by leaving their countries en masse. Yet migration, for many, increases social vulnerability. Drawing on Hirschman's concepts of Exit and Voice, the book traces the origins of such failures in the management of EU enlargement as a pure economic and market-creating exercise, neglecting the inherently political nature of labour relations. The reinforcement of market mechanisms without political counterbalances has resulted in an increase in opportunistic exit behaviour by both employers and employees, and thereby in a worsening quality of democracy, at workplace, national and European levels. As a result of this process, the EU has become more similar to the North American Free Trade Agreement between USA, Canada and Mexico, where social rights are marginalized and economic integration does not translate into better development".
Hitler's exiles : personal stories of the flight from Nazi Germany to America
The South Asian diaspora : transnational networks and changing identities
Britannia's children : emigration from England, Scotland, Wales and Ireland since 1600
Abstract.
The Arrival
The Influence of Latvian Labor Emigration Abroad on Latvia's Competitiveness
Snow Germans
Essays on optimal taxation and international personal mobility
Immigration, the American mosaic : from pilgrims to modern refugees
The beginnings of white settlement in South Africa
Migration in Baltic Sea area : the case of Estonia as a sending country
Immigration, emigration, and migration
The swedes and finns in New Jersey
Memory meanders : place, home and commemoration in an ex-Rhodesian diaspora community
The lost decade : Ireland in the 1950s
To the ends of the earth : Scotland's global diaspora 1750-2010
Cowboys and indians
People on the move : new migration flows in Europe
Emigration into tax havens : tax planning and high net worth individuals
The Irish empire
Mobility and migration choices : thresholds to crossing borders
Gita'nin hediyesi = A gift for Gita
Gita ke li'e ek tuhfat = A gift for Gita
Exceptional people : how migration shaped our world and will define our future
75 years of Turkish diaspora : a republican family on the move
Development of agrotourism in Nepal, an alternative to emigration for Nepalese youths : case: Bishram Batika Restaurant
Economy, ethnicity and international migration : the comparison of Finland, Hungary and Russia
The graves are walking : a history of the Great Irish Famine
In his new novel author Tahar Ben Jelloun tells the story of a Moroccan brother and sister making new lives for themselves in Spain. Azel is a young man in Tangier who dreams of crossing the Strait of Gibraltar. When he meets Miguel, a wealthy Spaniard, he leaves behind his girlfriend, his sister, Kenza, and his mother, and moves with him to Barcelona, where Kenza eventually joins them. What they find there forms the heart of this novel of seduction and betrayal, deception and disillusionment, in which Azel and Kenza are reminded powerfully not only of where they've come from, but also of who they really are.
The lost duchess
The lowland : a novel
Global processes, local strategies : migration of educated Dominicans
Stalin's daughter
Globalization and migration : a world in motion
Key concepts in migration
International migration and rural areas : cross-national comparative perspectives
The ramparts of nations : institutions and immigration policies in France and the United States
Servants of globalization : women, migration and domestic work
Contextualizing changes : migrations, shifting borders and new identities in Eastern Europe
Latvia has been suffering a substantial decrease in population since the early 1990s. There appears to have been little or no detailed analysis of the genesis of this decline in population. The major political event occurring at the beginning of the population decline was the rapid transitioning from socialism to capitalism. This study has revealed the causes of severe population decline to be a combination of steadily-declining birth rate, sharply rising high death rate, and mass emigration of people to wealthier European states. The cross-over of birth rate and death rate could be attributed to the tumultuous societal upheavals in the changeover from the socialistic protective-welfare system to a free-market capitalistic economic system. In particular, this traumatic event had probably affected the physical and mental health of many people to result in premature deaths from, among other things, consequential morbidity, accidents, homicides and suicides. Practicable remedies to arrest the continuing trend of precipitous decline in the population might include a) repairing the failures of the current modality of national health care, b) creating higher paying jobs in Latvia to entice prospective young emigrants to stay in Latvia, and c) repatriating of recent Latvian émigrés.
Migration and tourism : formation of new social classes
The Swedish Texans
Migrants in Europe : problems of acceptance and adjustment
Diaspora and identity : perspectives on south Asian diaspora
Movement, mobility and migration
Cuba : idea of a nation displaced
The history of emigration from africa
Russia and immigration - present and future [pääkirjoitus]
The history of emigration from china & south-east asia
The Lebanese in the world : a century of emigration
Yearbook of population research in Finland. 34, 1997
Social failures of EU enlargement : a case of workers voting with their feet
Finnish retired migrants in Spain and their adaptation to the Spanish culture
Push and pull migration : a systems approach revisited in a contemporary context
The morning gift
The influence of migration on Finnish cultural identity in the twentieth century : some preliminary considerations
Migrant resettlement in the Russian Federation : reconstructing 'homes' and 'homelands'
Transborder contacts and the maintenance of Finnishness in the diaspora : an interdisciplinary conference in Finnish, Finnish-North American and Sweden Finnish Studies : Mälardalen University, Campus Eskilstuna, June 17-20, 2007
Love on delivery = Fra Thailand til Thy ; Ticket to Paradise = Fra Thy til Thailand
Revisiting the Turkish migration to Germany after forty years
Migration flows between Finland and the Baltic Sea region
Remittances, assimilation problems and some other aspects of Punjabi immigrants in the UK
"This timely book brings together leading experts from multi-disciplinary backgrounds to reflect on diverse humanitarian crises and to shed light on a series of exploratory questions: In what ways do people move in the face of crisis situations? Why do some people move, while others do not? Where do people move? When do people move, and for how long? What are the challenges and opportunities in providing protection to crisis migrants? How might we formulate appropriate responses and sustainable solutions, and upon what factors should these depend? This book is divided into four parts, with an introductory section outlining the parameters of 'crisis migration', conceptualizing the term and evaluating its utility. This section also explores the legal, policy and institutional architecture upon which current responses are based. Section Two presents a diverse set of case studies, from the earthquake in Haiti and the widespread violence in Mexico, to the on-going exodus from Somalia and environmental degradation in Alaska and the Carteret Islands, among others. Section Three focuses on populations that may be at particular risk, including non-citizens, migrants at sea, those displaced to urban areas, and trapped populations. The concluding section maps the global governance of crisis migration and highlights gaps in current provisions for crisis-related movement across multiple levels"--
The history of emigration from eastern europe
Mobility, labour migration and border controls in Asia
Stalin's children : three generations of love and war
The situation of Roma EU citizens moving to and settling in other EU member states : summary report : November 2009
The Routledge Handbook of Immigration and Refugee Studies offers a comprehensive and unique study of the multi-disciplinary field of international migration and asylum studies. Utilising contemporary information and analysis, this innovative Handbook provides an in depth examination of legal migration management in the labour market and its affect upon families in relation to wider issues of migrant integration and citizenship. With a comprehensive collection of essays written by leading contributors from a broad range of disciplines including sociology of migration, human geography, legal studies, political sciences and economics, the Handbook is a truly multi-disciplinary book approaching the critical questions of: * Migration and the labour market * Integration and citizenship * Migration, families and welfare * Irregular migration * smuggling and trafficking in human beings * asylum and forced migration. Organised into short thematic and geographical chapters the Routledge Handbook of Immigration and Refugee Studies provides a concise overview on the different topics and world regions, as well as useful guidance for both the starting and the more experienced reader. The Handbook's expansive content and illustrative style will appeal to both students and professionals studying in the field of migration and international organisations.
Finland-Swedes in Canada : discovering some unknown Finnish facts
World migration and labour
Multiculturalism and immigration in Canada : an introductory reader
Europe : democracy at stake
Development and migration movements in Africa
Migration in the Caribbean area
Routledge international handbook of migration studies
This book provides lucid and intuitive explanations of the most important migration concepts as used in classrooms, among policymakers, and in popular and academic discourse. Arguing that there is a clear need for a better public understanding of migration, it sets out to clarify the field by exploring relevant concepts in a direct and engaging way. Each concept: * Includes an easy to understand definition * Provides real-world examples * Gives suggestions for further reading * Is carefully cross-referenced to other related concepts It is an ideal resource for undergraduate and post-graduate students studying migration in sociology, politics, development and throughout the social sciences, as well as scholars in the field and practitioners in governmental and non-governmental organizations.
A passage to Africa
Some features of Slovene research on emigration
Theology of migration in the Abrahamic religions
Abandoning America : life-stories from early New England
China abroad : travels, subjects, spaces
The gains from international migration : going beyond Samuelsonian factor-equalisation
Superdiversity in the heart of Europe : how migration changes our society
New Zealand prospects : information for intending emigrants
Finns in the USA : patterns of immigration and settlement since 1900
Indian migrations
Internationalization and migration pressure
Letting it go
African migrations
Citizenship, migrant activism and the politics of movement
Self-selection and earnings of emigrants from a welfare state
Leap year : how to make big decisions, be more resilient and change your life for good
Africa in Europe : studies in transnational practice in the long twentieth century
Going abroad : travel, tourism, and migration : cross-cultural perspectives on mobility
Hadiyah li-Jita = A gift for Gita
Optimal Taxation under Emigration and Tourism
Catching fireflies
A translation of worlds : aspects of cultural translation and Australian migration literature
Finnish settlements in rural Thunder Bay : changes in an ethnic community
The exodus of African football players to clubs in Europe : Ghana as a case study
Finnish ethnicity in the state of Virginia
Migration from Europe : ... a report by the Director-General to the General Council of the International Refugee Organization on Experience Gained in the Field of Migration Through the Processing and Transportation for resettlement of more than one million refugees and other migrants
An illustrated history of Ireland
Leaving Tangier
Estonians in the world : an overview of number and localization 1850-1990
Humanitarian crises and migration : causes, consequences and responses
Investigation of the immigration of Ingrian Finns [pääkirjoitus]
Ungrounded empires : the cultural politics of modern Chinese transnationalism
Ice in the jungle
Give us your best and brightest : the global hunt for talent and its impact on the developing world
Routledge handbook of immigration and refugee studies
The integration of the visegrad region into world migration systems : a networks approach to contemporary migration trends
The Serbian academic diaspora
The passport
Move to China! : Struggling in the U.S.?
International highly skilled migration : the case of Finland
International migration : challenge for the nineties
What language do I dream in? : a memoir
Immigrants : your country needs them
"Here, the doors are open: this is their home" : a transitional approach to Ecuadorian migration
This article provides an overview on the contemporary literature on the push and pull factors of international migration, particularly on that from countries in transition to advanced welfare states. The article stresses the importance of the economic factor in the country of destination. This suggests that pull factors are often more signifi cant than push factors, in contemporary international migration..
Vexed and troubled Englishmen 1590-1642
Migration in, from, and to Southeastern Europe. Part 2, Ways and strategies of migrating
Summaries
Successful foreign assignments : personality and background of the expatriate
A Finnish foothold in Australia a century ago
The history of emigration from the indian subcontinent
On the move, on their own : female Finnish immigrants in the Red Lodge, Montana
Typical American
Young generations and new patterns of emigration : the FInnish-Italian case
Mexicans on the move : migration perspectives on micro and macro levels, and identities
Optimal taxation in the presence of international personal mobility
The former Yugoslavia's diverse peoples : a reference sourcebook
Labour mobility : At the eastern border of the enlarging European Union; the Polish-Ukrainian border
A folk divided : homeland Swedes and Swedish Americans, 1840-1940
The rise of the new second generation
An African alternative : Nordic migration to South Africa, 1815-1914
Global trends in migration : theory and research on international population movements
The adjustment of Finnish expatriates in Britain with special reference to communicative comperence : a case study
Iranian refugees and exiles since Khomeini
"Why did you come?" - the proletarian mass migration : research report 1980-1985
English summary.
Under the belly of the tiger : class, race, identity and culture in global Ireland
Japanese diasporas : unsung pasts, conflicting presents, and uncertain futures
International migration of skilled persons from Finland
Cultural minorities in Finland : an overview towards cultural policy
Weapons of mass migration : forced displacement, coercion, and foreign policy
World migration report 2000
The free circulation of physicians within the European Community
European immigrations : trends, structures and policy implications
A repatriated Russian German soldier on a quest for vengeance must confront cultural and psychological problems in this metaphysical tale.
Converting migration drains into gains : harnessing the resources of overseas professionals
The 21st century will be the century of superdiversity. Ethnic-cultural diversity in Europe continues to grow, even though governments try to limit further migration with a series of short-sighted measures. In Brussels, the capital city of Belgium and Europe, two out of every three residents has a migration background. Within a matter of years, Antwerp will also become a majority-minority city, as will many other European cities. How will superdiversity change our society? How can we all manage to live together in superdiversity? This book wants to redefine the deadlocked ideological debate about the desirability (or otherwise) of a multicultural society. In the 21st century, it is no longer a question of 'whether' we want such a society or not, but a question of 'how' we can deal with a superdiverse reality that is already upon us. How can we make best use of the potential inherent in this superdiversity and how can we avoid the pitfalls it entails? 'Superdiversity in the heart of Europe' builds further of the concept of superdiversity as propounded by Steven Vertovec. It combines this framework with the work of Ulrich Beck and others to analyze the context of superdiversity in Belgium and the Netherlands. It also gives a summary of contemporary research into diversity in the heart of Europe. As such, it hopes to make a contribution towards the necessary normalization of superdiversity in our rapidly changing modern world.
