http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1471 stoicism
stoicism
Cicero's De finibus : philosophical approaches
The fathers and beyond : church fathers between ancient and medieval thought
Responses to alienation in a selection of short fiction by Ernest Hemingway and Sherwood Anderson
The Roman Stoics : self, responsibility, and affection
Pufendorf and the Stoic model of natural law
God and cosmos in Stoicism
On the shortness of life
Platonic Stoicism, stoic Platonism : the dialogue between Platonism and Stoicism in antiquity
The stoics reader : selected writings and testimonia
Rousseau; stoic and romantic
The Stoics
Aristotle and after
The Stoic theory of oikeiosis : moral development and social interaction in early Stoic philosophy
The nature of man in early Stoic philosophy
Studies in stoicism
The Stoic life : emotions, duties, and fate
The stoic sage : the early stoics on wisdom, sagehood and Socrates
The Cambridge companion to the Stoics
De oratore in two volumes. II : Book III together with De fato, Paradoxa stoicorum, De partitione oratoria
Moral codes and social structure in ancient Greece : a sociology of Greek ethics from Homer to the Epicureans and Stoics
The Stoic and Epicurean philosophers : the complete extant writings of Epicurus, Epictetus, Lucretius, Marcus Aurelius
Plato and the Stoics
Stoicism, politics, and literature in the age of Milton : war and peace reconciled
Roman Stoic thinkers in the imperial period adapted Greek doctrine to create a model of the self that served to connect philosophical ideals with traditional societal values. The Roman Stoics-the most prominent being Marcus Aurelius-engaged in rigorous self-examination that enabled them to integrate philosophy into the practice of living. Gretchen Reydams-Schils's innovative new book shows how these Romans applied their distinct brand of social ethics to everyday relations and responsibilities. The Roman Stoics reexamines the philosophical basis that instructed social practice in friendship, marriage, parenting, and community. From this analysis emerge Stoics who were neither cold nor detached, as the stereotype has it, but all too aware of their human weaknesses. In a valuable contribution to current discussions in the humanities on identity, autonomy, and altruism, Reydams-Schils ultimately conveys the wisdom of Stoics to the citizens of modern society.
Gender and sexuality in ancient stoic philosophy
The Hellenistic stoa : political thought and action
The notion of That Which depends On Us in Plotinus and its background
Stoics, Epicureans and Sceptics : an introduction to Hellenistic philosophy
Marcus Aurelius : a guide for the perplexed
On the path to virtue : the Stoic doctrine of moral progress and its reception in (middle-)Platonism
The Stoic idea of the city
Finnish summary.
Chrysippus' On affections : reconstruction and interpretations
Stoicism & emotion
Continuities and disruptions between the Middle Ages and the Renaissance : proceedings of the colloquium held at the Warburg Institute, 15-16 June 2007, jointly organised by the Warburg Institute and the Gabinete de Filosofia Medieval
A guide to the good life : the ancient art of stoic joy
Discourses, fragments, handbook
Routledge history of philosophy. Vol. 2, From Aristotle to Augustine
Freedom in the Gospel : Paul's exemplum in 1 Cor 9 in conversation with the discourses of Epictetus and Philo
Stoic warriors : the ancient philosophy behind the military mind
Corinthian wisdom, stoic philosophy, and the ancient economy
Demiurge and Providence : Stoic and Platonist readings of Plato's Timaeus
This work re-examines the divisive wisdom that Paul addresses in 1 Corinthians. Challenging the recent consensus that the Corinthians' wisdom was rooted primarily in the Greco-Roman rhetorical tradition, Timothy A. Brookins offers a revisionary thesis centered on discourse similarities between the perspective of the Corinthian 'wise' and the Stoic system of thought. Brookins argues that several members of the church, after hearing Paul's initial gospel message, construed that message in terms of Stoic philosophy and began promoting a kind of 'Stoic-Christian' perspective that helped to precipitate divisions in the church. Being apprised of their views, Paul then exploited the 'Stoic' discourse of his opponents in order to sustain common discursive ground. In addition to providing a fresh synthesis of the data in 1 Corinthians, Brookins brings in cutting-edge research on the ancient economy as he explores questions related to philosophical education and social status within the church community.
Epictetus's Discourses have been the most widely read and influential of all writings of Stoic philosophy, from antiquity onwards. They set out the core ethical principles of Stoicism in a form designed to help people put them into practice and to use them as a basis for leading a good human life. Epictetus was a teacher, and a freed slave, whose discourses have a vivid informality, animated by anecdotes and dialogue. Forceful, direct, and challenging, their central message is that the basis of happiness is up to us, and that we all have the capacity, through sustained reflection and hard work, of achieving this goal. They still speak eloquently to modern readers seeking meaning in their own lives. This is the only complete modern translation of the Discourses, together with the Handbook or manual of key themes, and surviving fragments. Robin Hard's accurate and accessible translation is accompanied by Christopher Gill's full introduction and comprehensive notes.
The continuous and the discrete : ancient physical theories from a contemporary perspective
Aristotle, Kant and the Stoics : rethinking happiness and duty
Fragments from the 'middle ground' : Posidonius' northern ethnography
The philosophy of Epictetus
Law, reason, and the cosmic city : political philosophy in the early Stoa
Aristotle and the Stoics
Cicero in twenty-eight volumes. 19, De natura deorum academica
Poetry and politics in the Silesian baroque : neo-stoicism in the work of Christophorus Colerus and his circle
Studies in later Greek philosophy and gnosticism
Paul and the Stoics
Reading Seneca : Stoic philosophy at Rome
Philosophic pride : Stoicism and political thought from Lipsius to Rousseau
Epitome of Stoic ethics
The history of philosophy. [2], The Hellenistic and Roman age
Concepts of space in Greek thought
Brill's companion to Seneca : philosopher and dramatist
Ethics and human action in early stoicism
"Cicero is increasingly recognised as a highly intelligent contributor to the ongoing ethical debates between Epicureans, Stoics and other schools. In this work on the fundamentals of ethics his learning as a scholar, his skill as a lawyer and his own passion for the truth result in a work which dazzles us in its presentation of the debates and at the same time exhibits the detachment of the ancient sceptic. Many kinds of reader will find themselves engaged with Cicero as well as with the ethical theories he presents. This collection takes the reader further into the debates, opening up new avenues for exploring this fascinating work"--
Prolepsis and Ennoia in the early Stoa
On Stoic and Peripatetic ethics : the work of Arius Didymus
A guide to the good life : the ancient art of Stoic joy
Paul and Epictetus on law : a comparison
Stoic philosophy
One true life : the Stoics and early Christians as rival traditions
Propositional perception : phantasia, predication, and sign in Plato, Aristotle, and the Stoics
Hierocles the Stoic : elements of ethics, fragments and excerpts
Meditations
Roman Christianity and Roman Stoicism : a comparative study of ancient morality
The stoic idea of the city
Seeing Seneca whole : perspectives on philosophy, poetry, and politics
Moral and political essays
This book is a clear and concise introduction to the Roman Emperor Marcus Aurelius Antoninus. His one major surviving work, often titled 'meditations' but literally translated simply as 'to himself', is a series of short, sometimes enigmatic reflections divided seemingly arbitrarily into twelve books and apparently written only to be read by him. For these reasons Marcus is a particularly difficult thinker to understand. His musings, framed as 'notes to self' or 'memoranda', are the exhortations of an earnest, conscientious Stoic burdened with the onerous responsibilities of ruling an entire, enormous empire.
The Torah and the stoics on humankind and nature : a contribution to the debate on sustainability and quality
The notion of that which depends on us in Plotinus and its background
Justus Lipsius' Concerning constancy
Descartes and the passionate mind
On the origin of syntactical description in Stoic logic
"It is the spirit that gives life" : a Stoic understanding of pneuma in John's Gospel
Hypothetical syllogistic and Stoic logic
This is a collective study, in nine new essays, of the close connection between theology and cosmology in Stoic philosophy. The Stoic god is best described as the single active physical principle that governs the whole cosmos. The first part of the book covers three essential topics in Stoic theology: the active and demiurgical character of god, his corporeal nature and irreducibility to matter, and fate as the network of causes through which god acts upon the cosmos. The second part turns to Stoic cosmology, and how it relates to other cosmologies of the time. The third part examines the ethical and religious consequences of the Stoic theories of god and cosmos.
The criterion of truth
Stoicism in early Christianity
A guide to the good life  : the ancient art of stoic joy
The meditations of Marcus Aurelius : spiritual teachings and reflections : selections annotated & explained
On Epictetus : handbook 1-26
A new stoicism
The art of living : the Stoics on the nature and function of philosophy
Wisdom in love : Kierkegaard and the ancient quest for emotional integrity
The stoics
Stoic theology : proofs for the existence of the cosmic god and of the traditional gods : including a commentary on Cleanthes' hymn on Zeus
The Hellenistic Stoa : political thought and action
The discourses of Epictetus : [the handbook, fragments]
Spinoza and the stoics
Goods and virtues
Atoms, pneuma, and tranquillity : Epicurean and Stoic themes in European thought
Naturalistic psychology in Galen and stoicism
Logic and the imperial Stoa
The meditations
Between grammar and rhetoric : Dionysius of Halicarnassus on language, linguistics and literature
Stoicism : traditions and transformations
De oratore, book III ; De fato ; Paradoxa Stoicorum ; De partitione oratoria
Knowledge and virtue in early stoicism
Epictetus : a stoic and socratic guide to life
Aristotle, the stoics, and european conceptions of humanity
Varieties of European ethics in historical perspective / Juha Sihvola
Determinism and freedom in stoic philosophy
The Meditations of Marcus Aurelius : a study
Marcus Aurelius, Roman emperor from AD 161 to 180, is renowned for his just rule at home and for his long frontier wars. But his lasting claim to fame rests on the work known as the Meditations - a bedside book of reflections and self-admonitions composed in Greek (the language of philosophy) during his last years and partly while on campaign. These sparse notes, intended for the author's eyes alone, give unique access to the mind of an ancient ruler; they also contain many passages of pungent epigram and poetic imagery. In this study, Dr Rutherford seeks to make the Meditations more approachable to the modern reader by explaining the historical and philosophical background, charting the main themes and tendencies of Marcus' thought, and relating stylistic detail to the intellectual and moral outlook of the author.
Papers in Hellenistic philosophy
Ars didactica : Seneca's 94th and 95th letters
Topics in stoic philosophy
