http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14776 trade sector
trade sector
Doing business with China : cultular differences in business negotiations and business practices
Further ahead. Video activity book
Potentials : design in the field : new discourse on craft development 1-2
The language of business English : workbook
Renewable energy and climate policies : studies in the forest and energy sector
Business Plan for a New Online Clothing Store
Task-based language learning : a study of tasks in the coursebook Challenge 1: English for communication
New challenges : english for business communication. Unit 2, Products and services
How about English? : the structure of motivation to study English as a foreign language in Tampere Polytechnic and the Institute of Technology and Commerce
Business law : for business and marketing students
All set. 2A, Kurssit 4-6 : English for business situations
Simply Business English
Englantilainen kauppakirjeenvaihto : alkeiskurssi = English commercial correspondence : elementary course
Industry transformation initiated by a technological innovation : case of UK grocery retailing
Tools for business English. Unit 6, Customer care
Seizing the white space : innovative service concepts in the United States
Law for business
Best seller 3. [3], The business student as a business friend
Journal of food distribution research
Improving customer satisfaction in equipment part's sales : case Wärtsilä Finland, Americas sales area
Personality and career orientation of business students
Wörterbuch der Rechts- und Wirtschaftssprache = Dictionary of legal and commercial terms. T. 1, Englisch-Deutsch = English-German
Selling textiles in the long eighteenth century : comparative perspectives from Western Europe
Wörterbuch der Rechts- und Wirtschaftssprache = Dictionary of legal and commercial terms. T. 2, Deutsch-English
The department store : a social history
All set for business English
New business friend. 1
Financial English
Business-to business negotiation
Developing a marketing plan : case Ballerina & Liikunta
The Dark side of international business? : stakeholder approach to human trafficking in finnish service and construction sectors
The language of business English : grammar & functions
Proceedings of the 2011 Conference on Social Media in Hospitality and Tourism / conference co-chairs and proceedings editors: Crotts, J., Magnini, V., and Zehrer, A.
Educational and gender equality in vocational education : the case of commercial education in Finland
Developing sectoral strategies to address : gender pay gaps
Xin Han Ying shangye maoyi cidian = A New Chinese-English dictionary of commerce and trade
Financial English : with mini-dictionary of finance
Art of Retail Buying : an insider's guide to the best practices from the industry
Development of customer satisfaction in Kenkärepo
The importance of customer analysis in the development of product assortment in clothing and leisure departments in Euromarket in Tampere
Can the EU budget support climate policy in Central and Eastern Europe?
Retail security and loss prevention
20 steps to successful selling : brush op your business English and boost your success in sales!
Jackpot : making the most of business English
Best seller. [2], The business student as a producer of services
Finland as a business environment for international e-commerce : the role of transport service providers in enabling international small enterprise e-commerce
Mastering fashion styling
Model for supply chain management to support organizational control : Case: Stora Enso
Business English. 2, Textbook
English for business communication : a short course consisting of five modules: cultural diversity and socialising, telephoning, presentations, meetings and negotiations. Teacher's book
Englantilainen kauppakirjeenvaihto : toinen kurssi = English commercial correspondence : advanced course
Book 2010 : development trends in the book trade - summary
Information and communication technologies in support of the tourism industry
Effective communication for modern business
Complete A-Z business studies coursework handbook
Best Seller. 3, The business student as a business friend
On the structure of noun phrases in business English : a comparative analysis of scholarly and popular scientific journal articles
Simply business English
New challenges : English for business communication. Unit 2, Products and services
e-Learning and the science of instruction : proven guidelines for consumers and designers of multimedia learning
Fashion : a very short introduction
A new world economic order : overhauling the global economic governance as a result of the financial crisis, 2008–2009
Abstract: Ergonomic guidance in manual lifting and handling of loads for employees in retail.
Emerging dimensions of business
New challenges : English for business communication. Unit 1-6
Business basics
Business basics : workbook
Labour costs in distributive trades, banking and insurance : 1974
The various flavors of coffee
An audit of the case study method
The muncipal markets of Calcutta : three case studies
Help, business or piracy? Shipwrecks and salvage auctions as early modern entrepreneurship in the Gulf of Finland
Market research on Led Products in Finland : Case: Z-Sen Automatic Electric Co. Ltd.
Helping finnish companies in the fields of energy efficiency and renewable energy enter  the russian market : a market research project conducted for the Finnish-Russian Chamber of Commerce
Vertical market integration and competition : the meat sector in Slovenia
Perevod kommerčeskoj dokumentacii : učebnoe posobie = Translation of commercial documentation
Win Win English for your business career
Services 2020 : competences in the international service society : final report
An integrated approach to business studies
Effects of the e-commerce on fashion luxury industries : the case of Brunello Cucinelli S.p.A
Decisionmaker
Ergonomic guidance in manual lifting and handling of loads for employees in retail
How fashion works : couture, ready-to-wear and mass production
An integrated approach to business studies : lecturer`s guide
A liberal vocationalism
A dictionary of management terms
Retailing in the European Union : structures, competition and performance
Making best use of structural funds
The cartel
Administration and business sector : national core curriculum in business and administration on the upper secondary level : vocational qualification in business and administration, business school graduate
Textiles are a key component of the industrial, industrious and consumer revolutions, which are seen as transforming the economy, society and culture of Western Europe during the long eighteenth century. Yet we lack a coherent picture of how the marketing of textiles varied across time and between different regions and countries. This book provides important new insights into the ways in which changes in the supply of textiles related to shifting patterns of demand, not just in terms of imported novelties such as chintz, but also more traditional, locally-produced and even second-hand textiles. It focuses on the processes and practices of retailing, and assesses how these responded to and promoted wider changes in value systems and supply networks. It encompasses discussion of fashion and taste, advertising and pricing, cultural norms and local tradition, cleanliness and hygiene, shopkeepers and stock.
A-Z business studies : workbook
Talking Business French
Vocational qualification in business and administration, merkonomi : national core curriculum in business and administration on the upper secondary level
Services marketing : integrating customer focus across the firm
Executive summaries (s. 9-10, s. 67-68).
The Penguin dictionary of commerce
New challenges : english for business communication. Unit 3, Marketing
Digital Optimism and the Case for Caution
English commercial correspondence : elementary course = Englantilainen kauppakirjeenvaihto : alkeiskurssi
