http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14733 cloudberry
cloudberry
Marjat : pohjolan kultaa = Berries: gold of the north
Dust, dirt and debris : transcripts of lectures given at the Ceramics and Glass Conservation Group Meetings, West Dean College 25-27 April 1997
Korean lacquerware inlaid with mother-of-pearl : the everlasting beauty
Sex ratios and resource allocation among sexually reproducing plants of Rubus chamaemorus
Russian hand-painted trays
Nail art : create over 50 nail designs
Chinese art. Volume one
Japanning in Sweden 1680s - 1790s : characteristics and preservation of orientalized coatings on wooden substrates
Lacquerwork and japanning : postprints of the conference held by UKIC ... London, May 1994
Summary: The study is based on counts and analyses of the pollen carried by insect visitors to the female flowers of cloudberry in Finnish Forest and Fell Lapland, and at Varangerbotn and Ekkeröya in Norwegian Finnmark. The best pollen-carriers were species of Apidae and Formicidae of Hymenoptera, and of Syrphidae, Muscidae...
Yield variations of some common wild berries in Finland in 1956-1996
Lacke des Barock und Rokoko : Baroque and Rococo Lacquers
Contributions to conservation : research in conservation at the Netherlands Institute for Cultural Heritage (ICN)
The fabulous Chinese arts
Variation between cloudberries (Rubus chamaemorus L.) in different habitats
Meeting once more : inro and their design drawings
Berry phenolics selectively inhibit the growth of intestinal pathogens
Russian folk arts and crafts
Japan's traditional crafts : spirit and technique
Berry and mushroom production in areas drained for forestry
Visions from the golden land : Burma and the art of lacquer
Eskenazi : The Charles A. Greenfield collection of Japanese lacquer : 20 November - 7 December 1990, Foxglove House, London
The cleaning of paintings : problems and potentialities
The elixir of the remote regions
Lacquer : technology and conservation : a comprehensive guide to the technology and conservation of Asian and European lacquer
Lacqverwerk : makers, manufacture and conservation of Swedish objects with japanned surfaces
Diurnal activity of flower visitors to the cloudberry (Rubus chamaemorus L.)
Phenological development and yields of cloudberry (Rubus Chamaemorus) in Karelia, Russi
Wood finishing : step-by-step techniques
Ostasiatische und europäische Lacktechniken = East Asian and European Lacquer Techniques
Painting conservation catalog. Vol. 1, Varnishes and surface coatings
The fine art of Russian lacquered miniatures
Urushi : proceedings of the Urushi Study Group, June 10-27, 1985, Tokyo
Lacquer : an international history and collector's guide
Japanning in Sweden 1680s - 1790s : charasteristics and preservatiob of orientalized coatings on wooden substrates
Decorative arts of Japan
Summary: Heavy damage to cloudberry by Galerucella "nymphaeae" was observed in 1974 in northern Finland...
Sexual dimorphism and reproduction in the dioecious perennial herb Rubus chamaemorus
Contributions from Else and Heinz Kress between 2007 to 2009 : International netsuke society journal
Palekh : the State Museum of Palekh Art
Allergenic constituents of nail polishes
Violin varnishes : interesting information on resins and basic materials for violin varnish and advice on varnishing
On the damage caused by the species of Galerucella (Col., Chrysomelidae) on cloudberry (Rubus chamaemorus L.) in Finland and northern Norway
Molecular studies of fresh and aged triterpenoid varnishes
Uses of lac
Varnishing : theory & practice : A.B.P.R. 50th anniversary conference, September 1993.
The golden berry of the bogs
Summary: The form of Galerucella "nymphaeae (L.)" living on cloudberry occurs in the most continental part of Fennoscandia, north of about 63°30 ́N. It avoids coastal areas on both the Finnish and Swedish sides of the Gulf of Bothnia and also in Norwegian Finnmark...
Inrō shita-e : design drawings from a Japanese lacquer workshop : 200 sketches used by the lacquer masters Jōkasai and Hasegawa and their followers
Understanding wood finishing : how to select and apply the right finish
Interactions among peat properties, nutrient contents and water chemistry at Lakkasuo mire, central Finland
Summary: The density of Galerucella "nymphaeae (L.)" feeding on cloudberry at Rovaniemi, southern Lapland declined during the study period...
Russian laquer, legends and fairy tales 1
Summary: Insects visiting cloudberry flowers were studied in three areas north of the Arctic Circle: Forests and Fell Lapland in Finland, and Finnmark in Norway...
Flower visitors to the cloudberry (Rubus chamaemorus L.) in northern Fennoscandia
Healthy Forest Berries : Lingonberry : Bilberry : Cloudberry : Crowberry
Urushi : the technology of Japanese lacquer
Summary.
Observations on cloudberry crops in Finland
Qin Shihuang : die Terrakottaarmee des Ersten Chinesischen Kaisers = the terracotta army of the First Chinese Emperor
Painting with lacquer
Abstract: The ecology of the cloudberry (Rubus chamaemorus) is shortly reviewed, especially paying attention to the reproduction and to the damages caused by Galerucella nymphaeae. Figures are given indicating the maximum yield in natural conditions, and the economic importance of this berry is stressed...
Parthenocarpic fruit development in cloudberry (Rubus chamaemorus L.) is induced by 3β-hydroxylated giberellins
"Every tar knows Luxeberry Spar" : the waterproof varnish
Pollen transport and pollinating efficiency of flower visitors to the cloudberry (Rubus chamaemorus L.) in northern Fennoscandia
Chinese art. Volume 1
Opportunities for Saarioinen to launch Finnish organic cloudberry jam in the German market
Formulas for painters
Role of bees (Hym. Apidae) in pollination of the cloudberry (Rubus chamaemorus L.) in northern Fennoscandia
Cloudberry yields and factors affecting the yield in northern Finland
Summary: The efficiency of Coccinella hieroglyphica as a means of biologically controlling  Galerucella "nymphaeae" which attacks the cloudberry and cultivated strawberry in northern Finland, was studied by cage experiments in a greenhouse...
Scientific examination for the investigation of paintings : a handbook for conservator-restorers
Masters of Fedoskino : the teacher and his students
In vitro propagation of cloudberry (Rubus chamaemorus)
Japanese export lacquers : from the seventeeth century in the National Museum of Denmark
Sexual reproduction in the cloudberry
Lapin kasvivarat = Plant resources in Lapland
Russkie hudožestvennye laki XVIII-XX vekov = 18-20th Century Russian lacquers
Histological differences between chilled and nonchilled seeds in Rubus chamaemorus L.
Distribution of the species of Galerucella (Col., Chrysomelidae) on cloudberry in Fennoscandia
Effects of ellagitannin rich berries on blood lipid profiles, gut microbiota and metabolism of phenolic compounds in metabolic syndrome
The object in context : crossing conservation boundaries, contributions to the Munich Congress 28 August - 1 September 2006
Population dynamics of the form of Galerucella nymphaeae-complex (Col., Chrysomelidae) living on cloudberry in northern Finland
Cultivation of cloudberry in Fennoscandia
Preliminary studies on flower visitors to and potential pollinators of the cloudberry (Rubus chamaemorus L.) in subarctic Lapland
Dietary modulation of β-catenin signalling in an experimental model of colon cancer
East Asian Lacquer : the Florence and Herbert Irving collection
Experiments on biological control of leaf beetles (Col., Chrysomelidae) on the cloudberry (Rubus chamaemorus L.)
The aroma of cloudberries (Rubus chamaemorus L.)
Japanische und europäische Lackarbeiten : Rezeption, Adaption, Restaurierung = Japanese and European Lacquerware : adoption, adaptation, conservation
Effects of frost on the female flowers, unripe fruits and vegetative growth of the cloudberry (Rubus chamaemorus) in Finnish Lappland
Treatise of japanning and varnishing 1688
Summary: The proportion of bees among visitors to the cloudberry was low in 1974-1976...
Japanese lacquer works
Architectural finishes in the built environment
Non-metric multidimensional scaling of a peatland vegetation data set
Summary: The largest number of visitors and visits to cloudberry was observed during the afternoon and middle of the day, and the smallest number in the morning. The pattern of visits was explained well by temperature...
Summary: A histological study of chilled and nonchilled seeds of Rubus chamaemorus L. has shown considerable loss of storage granules in the latter case. Chilling helps to maintain viability.
Ecological factors affecting the ripening time of cloudberry (Rubus chamaemorus) fruit under cultivation conditions
East Asian lacquer : material culture, science and conservation
Inrō of the Ryūkyūs : lacquered medicine containers
Japanese inrō
