http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14736 ice hockey players
ice hockey players
Colorado Avalance : mission accomplished : 2001 Stanley Cup champions
Backhand techniques in ice hockey
Defining skill variables between U16 national and non-national team ice hockey players
Mr. Hockey : my story
My last fight : the true story of a hockey rock star
The Golden Jet
Don't call me goon : a tribute to hockey's great enforcers, bad boys, and gunslingers
Dallas 2007 : - initiation of a development school for ice hockey in Dallas, Texas
The Physiology of ice hockey : a testing and training manual
Effects of high intensity cycling interval training on endurance performance in ice-hockey players
Winning the face-off of life
Hockey legends of all time
Straight shooter : the Brad Park story
Applicability scouting of ice-hockey players
All the way : my life on ice
Teaching game sense in ice-hockey junior organization
A Season of loss a lifetime of forgiveness : the Dan Snyder and Dany Heatley story
Ice hockey coaching manual for China pioneers IHC
The Chiefs
The best seat in the house : stories from the NHL : inside the room, on the ice and on the bench
It seemed as though nothing could stop Jordin Tootoo on the ice. The captain of Canada's Under-18, a fan favourite on the World Junior squad, and a WHL top prospect who could intimidate both goalies and enforcers, he was always a leader. And when Tootoo was drafted by Nashville in 2000 and made the Predators out of camp in 2003, he became a leader in another way: the first player of Inuk descent to suit up in the NHL. ALL THE WAY tells the story of someone who has travelled far from home to realize a dream, someone who has known glory and cheering crowds, but also the demons of despair.
Thunder and lightning : a No-B.S. hockey memoir
The new "boss" Teemu Selänne
Bobby Hull : the first million dollar hockey player
Hockey abstract presents stat shot : the ultimate guide to hockey analytics
Thin ice : a season in hell with the New York Rangers
Shift work
Women's ice-hockey injuries and prevention
Playing with fire
Hockey's original 6 : great players of the Golden Era
The Mad men of hockey
Handbook for excelling at hockey and living smart
The best seat in the house : stories from the NHL, inside the room, on the ice and on the bench
Thunder and lightning
Ice hockey world championships 19.4.-4.5.1991 Finland : virallinen kisajulkaisu = official game program
Jamie McLennan spent twenty years playing professional hockey. Sort of. As the backup for such legendary goalies as Grant Fuhr, Ron Hextall, Roberto Luongo, and Miikka Kiprusoff, he saw everything—except much playing time. In The Best Seat in the House, McLennan looks back on his unique career, from breaking into the NHL, to working with the legends, to life on the road and in the league, offering readers an unprecedented glimpse into life inside the locker room.
The goaltenders' union : hockey's greatest puckstoppers, acrobats, and flakes
Guy Lafleur : hockey's #1
Total hockey training
Wearing the "C" : leadership secrets from hockey's greatest captains
Marcel Pronovost : a life in hockey
Weight training for hockey : the ultimate guide
Breakaway : from behind the Iron curtain to the NHL : the untold story of hockey's great escapes
Who's better, who's best in hockey? : setting the record straight on the top 50 hockey players of the expansion era
Off the post : hockey stories from across the world
Competition and the young hockey player : psychological aspects
Dropping the gloves : inside the fiercely combative world of professional hockey
Orr : my story
Conditioning for ice hockey : year round
Grant Fuhr : the story of a hockey legend
Complete conditioning for ice hockey
Journeyman : the many triumphs (and even more numerous defeats) of a guy who's seen just about everything in the game of hockey
Tough guy : my life on the edge
'67: The Maple Leafs, their sensational victory, and the end of an empire
Behavioral scouting : - an evaluation tool for mental qualities and mental skills in ice hockey
Emotions and intensity in ice hockey
Mixing it up with the boys : The ideology of gender difference and hegemonic masculinity in the media representation of Hayley Wickenheiser
Nutrition review for hockey players : enhancing performance through nutrition
Patrick Roy : winning, nothing else
Defining skill variables between U16 national team and non-national team ice hockey players
The Flying frenchmen : hockey's greatest dynasty
Gordie : a hockey legend : an unauthorized biography of Gordie Howe
Migration in globalized sport : Finnish ice hockey players in Russia
When the final buzzer sounds : NHL greats share their stories of hardship and triumph : an anthology
Widely acknowledged as the best hockey book ever written and lauded by Sports Illustrated as one of the Top 10 Sports Books of All Time, The Game is a reflective and thought-provoking look at a life in hockey. Ken Dryden, the former Montreal Canadiens goalie and former president of the Toronto Maple Leafs, captures the essence of the sport and what it means to all hockey fans. He gives vivid and affectionate portraits of the characters--Guy Lafleur, Larry Robinson, Guy Lapointe, Serge Savard, and coach Scotty Bowman among them--who made the Canadiens of the 1970s one of the greatest hockey teams in history. But beyond that, Dryden reflects on life on the road, in the spotlight, and on the ice, offering a rare inside look at the game of hockey and an incredible personal memoir. This commemorative edition marks the 30th anniversary of the book's original publication, and it includes a new foreword by Bill Simmons, new photography, and a new chapter, "The Game Goes On." Take a journey to the heart and soul of the game with this timeless hockey classic.
Jeremy Roenick, one of the premier hockey players of his generation and one of the greatest American stars the NHL has ever known, shares his life story in this frank and unflinching autobiography. After making his debut as an 18-year-old with the Chicago Blackhawks, Roenick thrilled fans with his flashy style, take-no-prisoners approach, and jaw-dropping skills. A native of Boston, Roenick went on to play for four more franchises-including the Philadelphia Flyers and Los Angeles Kings-during his incredible 18-season career. By the time he was through, Roenick had racked up 513 goals-the secon.
Development of the positional playing skills in different gamesituation roles in ice hockey
The definitive autobiography from hockey's greatest living legend?? "Mr. Hockey” himself, Gordie Howe. Big, skilled, tough on the ice, and nearly indestructible, Howe dominated both the sport and the record books like no one has before or since. Over an incredible six decades, the Hall of Famer had so many accomplishments that he set the record for the most records by any athlete ever in any sport.
Changes in the neuromuscular and cardiorespiratory performance during the competitive season in early and late matured 14-15- year old male ice hockey players
99 : Gretzky : his game, his story
Life after hockey : when the lights are dimmed
Hockey's Hall of Fame
Scouting technical skills in ice hockey
Individual player developmental model in ice-hockey
Men at play : a working understanding of professional hockey
Shoot first, pass later : my life, no filter
J.R. : my life as the most outspoken, fearless, and hard-hitting man in hockey
Hockey scouting report 1993-1994
From hockey’s most prolific fighter comes a sports memoir unlike any other—passionate, funny, and candid, Shift Work chronicles Domi’s sixteen tumultuous seasons in the NHL.  Making it through a single fight as an enforcer in the NHL is a sign of toughness. Making it through 333 of them is a mark of greatness. Whether it was on the ice or off it, Tie Domi was driven to be the best at his job and was gifted with an extraordinary ability to withstand pain. He made a career out of protecting the people around him and became known as someone who would stand up for the people who needed it most.  Raised by immigrant parents in Belle River, Domi found success from an early age on the field and the rink. A gifted athlete in whatever sport he played, Tie eventually focused his sights on hockey. As he moved up the junior ranks, he made a name for himself as a player who was always ready to take on anyone who dared to cross his teammates.  Tie’s reputation followed him into the NHL, and it wasn’t long before he ranked among the game’s most feared—and fearless—enforcers. From New York to Winnipeg to Toronto, Tie quickly became a fan favourite in whatever city he played. As he went about working his name into the record books, Tie surrounded himself with people from every walk of life, learning from each one as he evolved into a respected leader who was never afraid to tell it like it was.  In Shift Work, Tie recounts the ups and downs of his life on and off the ice, showing what he has learned and how he has grown as both a player and a person. He offers insight into the most memorable points of his career, sharing his successes and mistakes with unparalleled honesty. Shift Work shows Tie Domi as he is—a devoted father and friend, a valued and loyal team player, a magnetic personality, and an athlete of immense skill and courage.
Effective offensive play : - scoring analysis of World Championships 2005 & Olympic Games 2006
The game
Wearing the C : leadership secrets from hockey's greatest captains
The player's online agent
Complete conditioning for hockey
Utilizing local positioning measurement (LPM) in ice hockey
Brett : his own story
Sidney Crosby : taking the game by storm
Fighting the good fight : why on-ice violence is killing hockey
The trade : 25 years since Wayne Gretzky left
Hockey confidence : train your brain to win in hockey and in life
Hockey is my game
Depicts the late author's life through his own words, including his successful career in hockey as an enforcer and scorer, addiction to drugs, and reckless lifestyle off the ice
Breakaway : from behind the Iron Curtain to the NHL : the untold story of hockey's great escapes
Coaching manual for Naerbo Farmers ice hockey club
The Art of scouting : how the hockey experts really watch the game and decide who makes it
Between the pipes : a revealing look at hockey's legendary goalies
By the time he retired, Brad Park had surpassed the great Bobby Orr in career assists by a defenseman. Inducted into the Hockey Hall of Fame the first year he was eligible, and later named one of the Top 100 NHL players of all time by The Hockey News, Park will forever be remembered as one of the greatest men ever to take the ice. The first and only authorized biography of Park's life and career, Straight Shooter: The Brad Park Story, delves deeper into his legendary success than any book has before, bringing together exclusive, candid insights from Park himself, as well as interviews with dozens of players, family members, and key figures from the hockey world. Covering Park's early years growing up in Toronto, to his first exposure to the NHL with the New York Rangers and his stellar performance with the Boston Bruins, through the twilight of his career and retirement, the book examines every aspect of his remarkable life in unprecedented detail. Giving hockey fans a full, frank look at the career of an NHL legend—including the challenges Park faced in his personal life, including caring for his physically handicapped son—Straight Shooter is a fascinating look at one of the game's true greats. - Covers Park's life in detail, from his time with the Rangers and Bruins to his experiences with Team Canada in the 1972 Summit Series.
