http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14753 party systems
party systems
Democracy in Scandinavia : consensual, majoritarian or mixed?
The press and multiparty politics in Africa
Comparing democracies 4 : elections and voting in a changing world
Lenin and Leninism : state, law, and society
"Faced with a transition to multiparty democracy, many assume that breaking the power of incumbents is necessary to develop a stable, highly institutionalized party system. But, in fact, across Sub-Saharan Africa, the incumbent's demise is sufficient to ensure a highly volatile, weakly institutionalized party system in the democratic era. A strong authoritarian incumbent produces a more coherent, stable party competition, with the unintended consequences of promoting national territorial coverage; stronger partisan identities; opposition cohesion; and, ultimately, democratic accountability. In Ghana, for example, the incumbent military leader and authoritarian revolutionary J. J. Rawlings and his National Democratic Congress (NDC) party swept the founding elections in 1992. Since that time, Ghana has developed a highly institutionalized party system with low levels of volatility and an alternating majority between stable parties. Ghana has experienced two democratic turnovers, and the two major parties, the NDC and the New Patriotic Party (NPP), are deeply connected to their constituencies, they organize across the national territory to compete in every constituency, they mobilize participation during and beyond elections, and they aggregate coalitions of diverse citizens and interests. The NDC and the NPP alike are enduring entities that help shape individual partisan identities and structure national, regional, and local competition"--
The progressive century : the future of the centre-left in Britain
Cohesion or consensus? : political parties and democracy in interwar Europe
Still five after all these years?
Grassroots election in China
Parties and party systems : a framework for analysis. Vol. 1
Political party systems and democratic development in East and Southeast Asia. Volume 1, Southeast Asia
Europeanisation and party politics : how the EU affects domestic actors, patterns and systems
Money, power and ideology : political parties in post-authoritarian Indonesia
American government : readings and documents
The heart and soul of the party : cadidate selection in Ghana and Africa
Government formation in the Nordic countries : the electoral connection
Party systems and elections in Latin America
Organisation of political parties
Political parties and democracy
West European Politics
The idea of a party system : the rise of legitimate opposition in the United States, 1780-1840
British government and politics
Party systems and voter alignments in the tradition of political sociology
Parties and party systems in liberal democracies
The party game
The enduring Scandinavian party system
Proportionality and Party Success in Europe
Party identification ; social identity and political experience
Abstract  (1 s.).
Electoral systems and party systems : a study of twenty-seven democracies 1945-1990
Post-communist party system : competition, representation, and inter-party cooperation
The American party system
Party elites in divided societies : political parties in consociational democracy
Factionalism in Chinese communist politics
Political parties in multi-level polities : the Nordic countries compared
Parties, elections and cleavages : Israel in comparative and theoretical perspective
No-party democracy? : Ugandan politics in comparative perspective
National elections and the autonomy of American state party systems
Voters' perceptions of party politics : a multilevel approach
Voters, parties and governments : electoral competition, policy distances and government formation in multi-party systems
Political participation beyond the vote : how the institutional context shapes patterns of political participation in18 Western European democracies
Party strategies in a multiparty system
The slow erosion of a regime : cohabitation and the tripartization of the political space in France 1986-2002
China's new rulers : the secret files
East European multi-party systems
History of political parties in twentieth-century Latin America
Political theory
The government and politics of France
The Soviet politburo
Political parties in Western democracies
Party organizations : a data handbook on party organizations in western democracies, 1960-90
Voting without choosing : state making and elections in Zimbabwe
From social democracy to neoliberalism : the consequences of party hegemony in Spain, 1982-1996
Facing the challenge of democracy : explorations in the analysis of public opinion and political participation
The new democracies in Eastern Europe : party systems and political cleavages
The Second World War represented the most sustained challenge to the British party system during the twentieth century. Parties at War explores how the main political parties responded to this challenge, showing that struggles over organization had significance for the long-term development of 'party' in modern British politics.
Political parties of Asia and the Pacific
A passion for democracy : American essays
Political parties : old concepts and new challenges
Perspectives on political parties : classic readings
Western European party systems : continuity & change
Parties and elections in America : the electoral process
Authoritarian origins of democratic party systems in Africa
Negotiating political power in Turkey : breaking up the party
Soviet power and policy
The political parties and the party system in France
Changing party systems in Western Europe
When elections are just a formality : rural-urban dynamics in the dominant-party system of Zimbabwe
Political parties : their organization and activity in the modern state
World encyclopedia of political systems and parties. Volume 1, Afghanistan-France
The Scandinavian party system(s) : a comparative study
Modern political parties : approaches to comparative politics
Political parties: leadership, organization, linkage
The structure and development of the political party spectrum in Finland
Party patronage and party government in European democracies
Policy and party competition
Melting but still chilly : the Scandinavian parties and party systems past and present
Political parties in the European Union
Are political parties an essential element of democracy? Or can a no-party system constitute a viable democratic alternative? Giovanni Carbone examines the politics of Museveni聞s Uganda to illustrate the achievements, contradictions, and limitations of participatory politics in the absence of partisan organizations. At a time when multiparty reforms were sweeping the globe, Uganda opted for a controversial, no-party democratic model. The country聞s politics over the past two decades thus provide the perfect opportunity for addressing the many questions -- theoretical, empirical, and comparative -- that the notion of a no-party system of elected government raises. Carbone聞s analysis of how a no-party electoral regime actually works (or doesn聞t) in Uganda fills a gap in both democracy studies and the study of African politics. -- Publisher description.
Party change and cleavage formation : the effects of value change on the Spanish party system
Post-communist democracies and party organization
"This edited collection looks at how political parties in Turkey actually work, inside and out. Departing from traditional macro-level analyses, the book offers a new sociological approach to the study of political parties, treating them as non-unitary entities composed of many different groups and individuals who both cooperate and compete with one another. The central proposition of the book is that parties must be studied as clusters of relationships in specific locales rather than as unitary 'black boxes.' This ground-up approach provides new insights into the internal workings of political parties; why parties gain and lose elections and other political resources; and the ways in which power is negotiated and exercised in Turkey and beyond. Chapters include studies of Islamic and Islamist parties from the 1970s to the present, ethnic Kurdish parties, center- and extreme right parties, and the far left, as well as independent candidates. The authors pay particular attention to relations - and the blurry boundaries-- between parties and civil society groups, religious associations, non-governmental organizations, ethnic and socio-economic groups, and state institutions, and to the variability of external and internal party politics in different geographies such as Adana, Mersin, and Diyarbakir"--
Republic in suspense : politics, parties, and personalities in postwar Germany
Post-communist EU member states : parties and party systems
The challenge of change : crisis in our two-party system
Money, power, and ideology : political parties in post-authoritarian Indonesia
The emergency of the Finnish multi-party system
Nested pyramid structures : political parties in Taiwanese elections
Legislative leviathan : party government in the House
Parties and party systems : a framework for analysis
Compulsory party democracy : Finland as a devient case in Scandinavia
Abstract: Schisms in politics or political parties?.
Elections and political order in Russia : the implications of the 1993 elections to the federal assembly
Political party systems and democratic development in East and Southeast Asia. Volume 2, East Asia
Political parties in the Russian regions
Constitutional government and democracy : theory and practice in Europe and America
Party system change : approaches and interpretations
The government of the United States : Student's workbook and readings
The American political process
Polarization in the Chilean party system : changes and continuities, 1990-1999
Dynamics of the party system : alignment and realignment of political parties in the United States
This book explores the ways in which representative democracy works in two neighbouring collections of European states: the Nordic (Denmark, Finland, Iceland, Norway and Sweden) and the Baltic (Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania). Starting from a Nordic vantage point, contributors explore the extent to which aspects of politics function similarly or dissimilarly across the two groups of democratic states, acknowledging the differences in models of democracy that occur within each group. Authors explore the possibility that some of the apparently successful institutional features of Nordic politics have somehow influenced politics in the Baltic states, despite the considerable contextual differences between the two groups. The Nordic-Baltic comparison is particularly worthy of study, given the comparative stability of the Nordic democracies and the half century of occupation by a totalitarian dictatorship that the Baltic states endured.The central, guiding questions are: how does political representation work in countries that have a lot in common, but also a few significant contextual dissimilarities; and what, if any, relationships between the respective styles of democracy can be identified? Using a variety of theories, perspectives and methods, the empirical studies that populate the book seek to offer reflections on these questions.
Rural-urban dynamics in Zimbabwean dominant party elections
The evolution of Japan's party system : politics and policy in an era of institutional change
African political parties : evolution, institutionalisation and governance
Political parties and partisanship : social identity and individual attitudes
Comparative government : an introduction
Public finance and post-communist party development
On the abolition of all political parties
The Suicide of the Elephants? : Decentralization and it's Implications on the Venezuelan Party system (1989-2001)
Models of democracy in Nordic and Baltic Europe : political institutions and discourse
Political parties and party systems
Parties as organized actors : the transformation of the Scandinavian three-front parties
Are political parties the weak link in Indonesia's young democracy? More pointedly, do they form a giant cartel to suck patronage resources from the state? Indonesian commentators almost invariably brand the country's parties as corrupt, self-absorbed, and elitist, while most scholars argue that they are poorly institutionalized. The book tests such assertions by providing unprecedented and fine-grained analysis of the inner workings of Indonesian parties, and by comparing them to their equivalents in other new democracies around the world. Contrary to much of the existing scholarship, the book finds that Indonesian parties are reasonably well institutionalized if compared to their counterparts in Latin America, Eastern Europe, and other parts of Asia. There is also little evidence that Indonesian parties are cartelized. But there is a significant flaw in the design of Indonesia's party system: while most new democracies provide state funding to parties, Indonesia has opted to deny central party boards any meaningful subsidies. As a result, Indonesian parties face severe difficulties in financing their operations, leading them to launch predatory attacks on state resources and making them vulnerable to manipulation by oligarchic interests. --Publisher's description.
Comparative government : a reader
From consensus to competition? : ideological alternatives on the EU dimension
The Europeanization of national political parties : power and organizational adaptation
World encyclopedia of political systems and parties. Volume 2, Gabon-Norway
Evaluation of fifteen years of constitutional practice in central and eastern Europe
(Un)intended consequences of European parliamentary elections
Votes, money and violence : political parties and elections in Sub-Saharan Africa
Western European party systems : trends and prospects
New parties in old party systems : persistence and decline in seventeen democracies
Parties and the party system in France : a disconnected democracy?
Governance and politics of the Netherlands
Urbanization and politics
The Queen's Government
Partisan responses to Europe : comparing Finnish and Swedish political parties
World encyclopedia of political systems and parties. Volume 3, Oman-Zimbabwe
Political parties : a cross-national survey
Politics in Western Europe : a comparative analysis
The European Union and party politics in Central and Eastern Europe
Japan's new party system
Votes and policy preferences : equilibria in party systems = Stemmen en beleidspreferenties : equilibria in partijsystemen
Cross-pressure and political representation in Europe : a comparative study of MEPs and the intra-party arena
The European perspective : transnational party groups in the 1989-1994 European Parliament
Party systems
The culture of power in contemporary Ethiopian political life
Cleavages, ideologies and party systems : contributions to comparative political sociology
Party strategies in a multi partysystem
State and politics in India
Political parties in the Third World
The party system
Uncommon democracies : the one-party dominant regimes
The West European party system
The American party system : an introduction to the study of political parties in the United States
Parties at war : political organization in Second World War Britain
New parties in government : in power for the first time
Political parties in new democracies : party organization in Southern and East-Central Europe
Scandinavian politics today
Suicide of the elephants? : Venezuelan decentralization between partyarchy and chavismo
Politics in the Republic of Ireland
Politicized society : the long shadow of Taiwan's one-party legacy
