http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14834 reproductions (cultural objects)
reproductions (cultural objects)
From material to immaterial : plastics and plasticity in the 20th century
Deities of Tibetan Buddhism : the Zürich paintings of the Icons Worthwhile to See = (Bris skumthon ba don Idan)
Forgery, replica, fiction : temporalities of German Renaissance art
Scientific investigation of copies, fakes and forgeries
Is Inspired by Design a Copyright Infringement?
Repliker av reliker : repliktillverkningen vid Wasavarvets konserveringsavdelning = Replicas of relics : replica production at the conservation department of the Wasa Museum
The authors in this illustrated volume explore how art historical and technical examination of 15th-18th century European paintings conducted in tandem not only address key subjects such as meaning, materials, and manufacturing techniques, but also allow fresh perspectives on the prevailing workshop practices of copying, replicating, and emulating paintings.
Catalogue de reproductions en couleurs de peintures - 1860 à 1965 = Catalogue of colour reproductions of paintings - 1860 to 1965 = Catálogo de reproducciones en color de pinturas - 1860 a 1965 / Unesco
Parallel lines : printmakers, painters and photographers in Nineteenth-century France
Deities of Tibetan Buddhism is an encyclopedia of Buddhist icons based on the Rinjung Gyatsa, the Narthang Gyatsa, and the Ratnavali. Full-color illustrations of over five hundred Tibetan Buddhist deities are reproduced here from a set of hand-painted woodblock-prints created in the early nineteenth century. This reare collection, which is the only known painted version of the Icons Worthwile to See, is presented along with an extensive explanation of the meditative visualizations, mantras, and symbolism around each figure. Deities of Tibetan Buddhism is an indispensable reference and identification aid for art historians, curators, scholars, students and admirers of Tibetan Buddhism.
The copy in French nineteenth century painting
Private copying
Forged explores art forgery from ancient times to the present. In chapters combining lively biography with insightful art criticism, Jonathon Keats profiles individual art forgers and connects their stories to broader themes about the role of forgeries in society. From the Renaissance master Andrea del Sarto who faked a Raphael masterpiece at the request of his Medici patrons, to the Vermeer counterfeiter Han van Meegeren who duped the avaricious Hermann Goring, to the frustrated British artist Eric Hebborn, who began forging to expose the ignorance of experts, art forgers have challenged "legitimate" art in their own time, breaching accepted practices and upsetting the status quo. They have also provocatively confronted many of the present-day cultural anxieties that are major themes in the arts. Keats uncovers what forgeries--and our reactions to them--reveal about changing conceptions of creativity, identity, authorship, integrity, authenticity, success, and how we assign value to works of art. The book concludes by looking at how artists today have appropriated many aspects of forgery through such practices as street-art stenciling and share-and-share-alike licensing, and how these open-source "copyleft" strategies have the potential to make legitimate art meaningful again.
The Brueg[h]el phenomenon : paintings by Pieter Bruegel the Elder and Pieter Brueghel the Younger : with a special focus on technique and copying practice 1-3 / Christina Currie and Dominique Allart
Authentication in the visual arts : a multi-disciplinary symposium : Amsterdam, 12th March, 1977 / editors H.L.S. Jaffé, J. Storm van Leeuwen, L.H. van der Tweel
In praise of copying
Mexico and modern printmaking : a revolution in the graphic arts, 1920 to 1950
Sculpture and its reproductions
Mona Lisa : the picture and the myth / Roy McMullen
A Caravaggio rediscovered, The lute player : Metropolitan Museum of Art, New York from February 9 to April 22 1990 / Keith Christiansen
Proust's imaginary museum : reproductions and reproduction in À la recherche du temps perdu
The illustrated Bartsch : 9 : commentary : part 2 : early German artists / by Jane C. Hutchinson ; general editor: John T. Spike
Mapping markets for paintings in Europe 1450-1750
Art forgery : the history of a modern obsession
Van Meegeren's faked Vermeers and De Hooghs : a scientific examination / P. B. Coremans
European paintings 15th-18th Century : copying, emulating and replicating / edited by Erma Hermens
Sign here! : handwriting in the age of new media
The eye of the connoisseur : authenticating paintings by Rembrandt and his contemporaries / Anna Tummers
A wooden horse in the archaeological site of Troy, Plastic 'Greek' statues on the seabed, resin columns at the Roman Forum, painted copies of Altamira and Lescaux grottos, Tutankhamun's tomb in a casino of Las Vegas, fake Roman fortresses with legionnaires and gladiators, 'Etruscan' vases in a hotel in Milan, Valentino's creations on display in a Roman monument, voyeuristic attractions at Pompeii, ancient and new thermal baths with Roman-style treatments, 'real' Roman wines produced in archaeological sites, and shows, plays of light, cocktails and fashion parades, a lottery for spending winter solstice at Newgrange...Museums and archaeological areas host all the contradictions of late modern society. Consumerism, media, advertising and virtual reality transform the relationships between archaeology, tourism, collective imagery and political identity. We are witnesses to the success of archistar museums, 'event' exhibitions, sensorial and virtual tourism, archaeotrekking and archaeodiving, even tourism of the non-existent. Authenticity itself takes on a different meaning when finds and monuments are not original or are exhibited in theme parks, hotels or subway stations. This book is an innovative, critical and stimulating appraisal of the situation.
Is this imitation good enough? : belt plates of precious and base metals in the 17th-century Finland
The art museum as author of art history : the formation of a national art collection in Finland and the case of copies
Leonardo da Vinci : the mystery of the Madonna of the Yarnwinder : [National Gallery of Scotland, Edinburgh, from 15 May to 12 July 1992] / ed. by Martin Kemp
Catalogue de reproductions en couleurs de peintures 1860 à 1957 = Catalogue of colour reproductions of paintings 1860 to 1957 = Catálogo de reproducciones en color de pinturas 1860 a 1957
Paper museums : the reproductive print in Europe, 1500-1800
Catalogue de reproductions en couleurs de peintures antérieures à 1860 = Catalogue of colour reproductions of paintings prior to 1860 = Catálogo de reproducciones en color de pinturas anteriores a 1860
Practical identification of wood pulp fibers / Russell A. Parham, Richard L. Gray
Explores the prevalence of art forgery in the Middle Ages, when the issue of false relics and miracles often arose. This title examines the work and attitude of modern master forgers including Eric Hebborn, Thomas Keating and Han van Meegeren, whose productions baffled the art world during their time.
Understanding the art through its copy : case study : Albert Edelfelt's painting Duke Karl Insulting the Corpse of Klaus Fleming, 1878 / Nataša Bulatovic Trygg
The image multiplied : five centuries of printed reproductions of paintings and drawings
Authenticity : what consumers really want
The image multiplied : five centuries of printed reproductions of paintings and drawings / Susan Lambert
Electrotyping
Paintings : genuine, fraud, fake : modern methods of examining paintings / R. H. Marijnissen
Plagiarism, the internet and student learning : improving academic integrity
European paintings 15th-18th century : copying, replicating and emulating : CATS proceedings, I, 2012 / edited by Erma Hermens
In darkness and light : a Rembrandt in Tokyo reconsidered / [published by] Bridgestone Museum of Art, Ishibashi Foundation
Vasari and the Renaissance print
Early musical borrowing
The print in the western world : an introductory history
The art of forgery : the minds, motives and methods of master forgers
Catálogo de reproducciones de cerámica y orfebrería prehispánica y colonial = Reproductions catalog : prehispanic and colonial pottery and silversmithing
Creative copies : interpretative drawings from Michelangelo to Picasso : [Drawing Center, New York, 1988] / Egbert Haverkamp-Begemann with Carolyn Logan
Forging authenticity : Bastianini and the Neo-Renaissance in nineteenth-century Florence
The plastic Venuses : archaeological tourism in post-modern society
Rembrandt not Rembrandt in the Metropolitan Museum of Art : aspects of connoisseurship : [exhibition from October 10, 1995 toJanuary 7, 1997] / Hubert von Sonnenburg, Walter Liedtke
Michelangelo in print : reproductions as response in the sixteenth-century
Scientific investigation of copies, fakes and forgeries / Paul Craddock
Replication of modern sculptures : a study of Naum Gabo's work and the process of replicating his artworks / Mette Carlsen
Fake Factor: Why We Love Brands But Buy Fakes
Genuine and false : copies, imitations, forgeries / Hans Tietze
The fake : forgery and its place in art / Sándor Radnóti ; translated by Ervin Dunai
Underdrawing in paintings of the Rogier Van der Weyden and master of Flémalle groups / J.R.J. van Asperen de Boer, J. Dijkstra and R. van Schoute ; with the assistance of C.M.A. Dalderup and J.P. Filedt Kok
Stolen words : forays into the origins and ravages of plagiarism
Retaining the original : multiple originals, copies, and reproductions : Center for Advanced Study in the Visual Arts symposium papers 7 / [editorial board David A. Brown...et al. ; ed. Kathleen Preciado]
The art museum as author of art history : the formation of a national art collection in Finland and the case of copies / Susanna Pettersson
Fakes : forgery and the art world / Alice Beckett
Knockoff : the deadly trade in counterfeit goods : the true story of the world's fastest growing crime wave
Warman's vintage jewelry : identification and price guide
Forged : why fakes are the great art of our age
Making antique furniture
Gainsborough and Reynolds in the British Museum : the drawings of Gainsborough and Reynolds with a survey of mezzotints after their paintings and a study of Reynolds' collection of Old Master drawings : catalogue of an exhibition at the Department of Prints and Drawings in the British Museum, 1978
Raphael, Dürer, and Marcantonio Raimondi : copying and the Italian Renaissance print
Why fakes matter : essays on problems of authenticity / edited by Mark Jones
Authenticity and replication : the 'real thing' in art and conservation : proceedings of the international conference held at the University of Glasgow, 6-7 December 2012 / edited by Rebecca Gordon, Erma Hermens and Frances Lennard
Examining Velazquez / Gridley McKim-Smith, Greta Andersen-Bergdoll, Richard Newman
Replication of modern sculptures : a study of Naum Gabo's work and the process of replicating his works
Mastercopy
Abstract: From material to immaterial : plastics and plasticity in the 20th century.
I was Vermeer : the legend of the forger who swindled the nazis
