http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14885 ratification
ratification
Guarantee of Dunkirk and the treaties to be guaranteed : the debate over the ratification of the Franco-Dutch alliance, 1662-1663
Introduction to the law of treaties
Abstract.
Ratification of the Treaty on European Union : preparations = Ratification du traité sur l'Union européenne: travaux préparatoires = Ratificatie van het Verdrag betreffende de Europese Unie: Voorstukken. Vol. 1, Belgique/België I
Human rights of persons with disabilities
Legal implications of NATO membership : focus on Finland and five allied states
Ratification of the Treaty on European Union : preparations. Vol. 15, United Kingdom
The charter of the United Nations : a commentary
Report. 3, (Part 5), Lists of ratifications by Convention and by country (as at 31 December 1993)
Indigenous self-determination in Finland : a case study in normative change
Information document on ratifications and standards-related activities (as to 31 December 2008)
Human rights international instruments : signatures, ratifications, accessions, etc., 1 Jan. 1980.
ILO convention no. 169 in a Nordic context with comparative analysis :   an interdisciplinary approach
Environment and statecraft : the strategy of environmental treaty-making
National constitutions in the era of integration
To ratify or not to ratify?
The practical guide to humanitarian law
Modern treaty law and practice
European Social Charter : collected texts
Ratification of the Treaty on European Union : preparations. Vol. 9, Ireland
Ratifying the Chemical Weapons Convention
The survey on the ratification processes of the Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities in seven states
The ratification of the Maastricht treaty : issues, debates and future implications
Lists of ratifications by convention and by country (as of 31 December 2002) : third item on the agenda : information and reports on the application of conventions and recommendations
The European Constitution and national constitutions : ratification and beyond
Report of the Committee of Experts on the Application of Conventions and Recommendations (articles 19, 22 and 35 of the Constitution) : third item on the agenda : information and reports on the application of conventions and recommendations
National parliaments on their ways to Europe : losers or latecomers?
States' responses to issues arising from the ICC statute : constitutional, sovereignty, judicial cooperation and criminal law
Ratification of the statute of the International Criminal Court
ILO convention no. 169 in a Nordic context with comparative analysis : an interdisciplinary approach
