http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14869 meaningfulness
meaningfulness
Consolations : the solace, nourishment and underlying meaning of everday words
Rethinking visual art practice in relation to well-being : a conceptual analysis
Work
On the individuality and meaningfulness of illness
Meaning in life and its relation to functioning in old age
Exploring existential meaning : optimizing human development across the life span
Abstract.
With the imagery of a poet and the reflection of a philosopher, David Whyte turns his attention to 52 ordinary words, each its own particular doorway into the underlying currents of human life. Beginning with Alone and closing with Work, each chapter is a meditation on meaning and context, an invitation to shift and broaden our perspectives on the inevitable vicissitudes of life: pain and joy, honesty and anger, confession and vulnerability, the experience of feeling besieged and the desire to run away from it all. Through this lens, procrastination may be a necessary ripening; hiding an act of freedom; and shyness the appropriate confusion and helplessness that accompanies the first stage of revelation. Consolations invites readers into a poetic and thoughtful consideration of words whose meaning and interpretation influence the paths we choose and the way we traverse them throughout our lives.
The search for authenticity : an existential-analytic approach to psychotherapy
Unravelling the mystery of salutogenesis : the evidence base of the salutogenic research as measured by Antonovsky's sense of coherence scale
Den bærende idé i design : big idea of design
Ethics in strategic management : an inquiry into otherness of a strategy process
Reflecting on the aspects of meaningful learning in blended training situations : case: Metso Paper
Growing up happy
A significant life : human meaning in a silent universe
Honest. Finnish. Magic
Homo sacer : sovereign power and bare life
Unravelling the mystery of salutogenesis : the evidence base of the salutogenic research as measured by Antonovsky's Sense of Coherence scale
The meaning of everyday occupation
Designing and implementing a PBL course on educational digital video production : lessons learned from a design-based research
Missing out : in praise of the unlived life
The motive to care about others : actualization of the public sector
Neuroscientist Dr Jenny Barnett, and teacher and mum Alexia Barrable describe scientifically-proven methods by which children's happiness can be boosted in just a few minutes each day. With easy-to-use activities for toddlers through to teenagers, this book steers the reader through simple and practical ways, grounded in scientific research, to enhance children's - and adults' - day-to-day happiness.
The role of institutions in organizational change : a sensemaking perspective
The psychology of meaning
Loving your work
On "good" academic work : practicing respect at close range
Tourism sensemaking : strategies to give meaning to experience
Work-related well-being in the transformation of nursing home work
Meaningful living across the lifespan : occupation-based intervention strategies for occupational therapists and scientists
Does God's existence need proof?
Life purpose boot camp : the 8-week breakthrough plan for creating a meaningful life
The shift : taking your life from ambition to meaning
What makes life worth living? : how Japanese and Americans make sense of their worlds
Meaning
Disrupted lives : how people create meaning in a chaotic world
The surrender experiment : my journey into life's perfection
The hitchhiker's guide to salutogenesis : salutogenic pathways to health promotion
Family and asceticism : continuity strategies in the late Roman world
The purpose of boys : helping our sons find meaning, significance and direction in their lives
"In this book, Ikiugu and Pollard explore the notion of meaningfulness, in the light of Viktor Frankl's (1992) assertions that the will to meaning is the primary motivation for behavior in human existence, and that the frustration of the pursuit for meaning in the modern and Western world constituted what he termed 'existential vacuum', leading in turn to what he called 'noogenic neurosis' or 'the disease of meaninglessness' The authors then show how occupation can be used in meaning-making to counter the 'disease of meaninglessness'. Though the notion of the notion of meaningfulness is central to occupational therapy practice (AOTA, 2008), it has never really been investigated in depth in the profession's literature. This book is aimed at occupational therapy and occupational science students, occupational therapy clinicians, and occupational scientists." -- Publisher's information.
From strategic planning to meaningful learning : diverse perspectives on the development of web-based teaching and learning in higher education
Meaninglessness : the solutions of Nietzsche, Freud, and Rorty
On the meaningfulness of bodily illness
All things shining : reading the Western classics to find meaning in a secular age
The good, the true and the beautiful : a quest for meaning
I hired a contract killer
Promoting meaningful learning through the integrated use of digital videos
Every day we work hard to motivate ourselves. We spend much of our time trying to motivate the people working for us, with us and in business with us. In our personal lives we try to motivate our friends, partners and children. From the economic point of view, motivation is based on a very simple trade-off: we need and want things, and we work to get them. We're more likely to do something if we get money for it, and the more money we get, the more motivated we are. But what if our understanding of motivation and money is all wrong? In Payoff, Dan Ariely investigates the true nature of motivation and our partial blindness to the way it works. He digs to the root of money motivation, and explains how understanding it can help us to successfully approach different choices in our lives.
Double your income doing what you love : Raymond Aaron's guide to power mentoring
Rethinking computer-based simulation : concepts and models
Payoff : the hidden logic that shapes our motivations
Heidegger and Whitehead : a phenomenological examination into the intelligibility of experience
