http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14889 historical plays
historical plays history and chronicle plays
The castles of England : plays for stage and classroom : first series
The Cambridge companion to August Wilson
When Cleopatra expresses a desire to die 'after the high Roman fashion', acting in accordance with 'what's brave, what's noble', Shakespeare is suggesting that there are certain values that are characteristically Roman. The use of the terms 'Rome' and 'Roman' in Julius Caesar, Antony and Cleopatra, or Jonson's Sejanus often carry the implication that most people fail to live up to this ideal of conduct, that very few Romans are worthy of the name. Chernaik demonstrates how, in these plays, Roman values are held up to critical scrutiny. The plays of Shakespeare, Jonson, Massinger and Chapman often present a much darker image of Rome, as exemplifying barbarism rather than civility. Through a comparative analysis of the Roman plays of Shakespeare and his contemporaries, and including detailed discussion of the classical historians Livy, Tacitus and Plutarch, this study examines the uses of Roman history - 'the myth of Rome' - in Shakespeare's age.
Little scenes from history. Book 1
The revolution of Sweden : a tragedy
King Henry VI, Part 2
Schiller's Wallenstein, Maria Stuart, and Die Jungfrau von Orleans : the critical legacy
Shakespeare's history plays
King Henry IV, part 1
Aino Kallas : negotiations with modernity
Henry VI. Part 3
King Richard II
The nation's favourite Shakespeare
Shakespeare's dramatic genres
King Henry VI, part 3
Shakespeare, Rabelais, and the comical-historical
Henry the fourth. Part 1.
The many faces of Caliban : Marina Warner's Indigo, or, Mapping the waters
English historical drama, 1500-1660 : forms outside the canon
Past performance : American theatre and the historical imagination
Shakespeare's arguments with history
History and the contemporary novel
The costume book : the non-professional's guide to professional results
Shakespeare survey : an annual survey of Shakespearian study and production. 38, Shakespeare and history
Richard III
The first part of King Henry IV
Shakespeare's serial history plays
Radical stages : alternative history in modern British drama
The character of truth : historical figures in contemporary fiction
Gorski viǰenac = The mountain Wreath
Period costume for Stage and Screen. Patterns for women's dress : Medieval - 1500
Buffalo Bill and the Indians
Shakespeare, Machiavelli, and Montaigne : power and subjectivity from Richard II to Hamlet
Performing history : theatrical representations of the past in contemporary theatre
The plays and poems of Shakespeare. Vol. VIII
Henry V
Shakespeare the playwright : a companion to the complete tragedies, histories, comedies, and romances
Shakespeare on the edge : border-crossing in the tragedies and the Henriad
Finnish summary: Calibanin monet kasvot : Marina Warnerin Indigo, or, mapping the waters.
Plays from history
Playing the past : approaches to English historical drama, 1385-1600
Strindberg and Shakespeare : Shakespeare's influence on Strindberg's historical drama
Shakespeare's kings
Othello
Little dramas of history. Book 3
Over the Wall : tales from ancient Chinese plays
King Henry VIII : (All is true)
The myth of Rome in Shakespeare and his contemporaries
Period costume for the stage
The wearing of costume
Shakespeare's consuls, cardinals, and kings : the real history behind the plays
Shakespeare's early history plays : from chronicle to stage
King Henry VIII
Shakespeare's history plays : performance, translation and adaptation in Britain and abroad
Edward II
The iconography of power : ideas and images of rulership on the English Renaissance stage
Historic costumes and how to make them
Shakespeare survey : an annual survey of Shakespearian study & production. 10, The roman plays
Shakespeare and the remains of Richard III
The forms of historical fiction : Sir Walter Scott and his successors
Saint Joan : a chronicle play in six scenes and an epilogue
King Henry V
Novels, histories, novel nations : historical fiction and cultural memory in Finland and Estonia
Style for actors : a handbook for moving beyond realism
King Hedley II : 1985
Royal power and authority in Shakespeare's late tragedies
Trevor Griffiths : politics, drama, history
Using the Stanislavsky system : a practical guide to character creation and period styles
Practical plays for stage and classroom : second series
King Henry VI, Part 1
Patterns for theatrical costumes : garments, trims, and accessories from ancient Egypt to 1915
Antony and Cleopatra
The complete works of Christopher Marlowe. Vol. 5, Tamburlaine the Great, Parts 1 and 2
The Cambridge companion to Shakespeare's history plays
A companion to Shakespeareʹs works. Vol. 2, The histories
1599 : a year in the life of William Shakespeare
Shakespeare and Machiavelli
Designing and making stage costumes
The Oxford guide to plays
Historiography and ideology in Stuart drama
Themes in drama : an annual publication. 8, Historical drama
Staging politics : the lasting impact of Shakespeare's histories
Shakespeare survey : an annual survey of Shakespearian study & production. 6, The histories
