http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14872 collection of funds
collection of funds
Frameworks for event fundraising in Alberta, Canada
Death at the alma mater
Fundraising the SMART way : predictable, consistent income growth for your charity
The Blues brothers : 25-vuotisjuhlaversio
A crowdfunder's strategy guide : build a better business by building community
The future of crowdfunding : how to utilize the phenomenon
Welcome on board : an orientation guide for the face-to-face fundraisers of the Finnish Red Cross
Towards an understanding of humanoid robots in eLC applications
Extraordinary measures
A practical guide for doing small non-profit project
Crowdfunding for a Novelty Product : Case Study: Goodio Cools
Blues Brothers 2000.
Crowdfunding : exploration of what influences campaign success
Fundraising with businesses : 40 new (and improved!) strategies for nonprofits
The costs of democracy
Crowdfunding intelligence : the no-nonsense guide to raising investment funds on the internet
Research funding toolkit
"Crowdfunding's time has arrived! Through the power of the Internet, it represents one of the most exhilarating ways to raise investment funds for your dream project. It enables you to get exposure in the public domain and can mean a seal of approval being given to your ideas by the masses. Developed from crowdsourcing - where people get together to generate ideas and solve problems - crowdfunding is an extension of this, only now the crowd add money (funding) to a project. It offers investment solutions to project needs in all sorts of fields, from apps to zoos. This book provides unrivalled explanations and frameworks to help any entrepreneur or business to prepare and execute a successful crowdfunding campaign and raise the capital they need. It contains expert insights and advice from the major players in the sector, including the leading crowdfunding sites, on how success can be achieved."--Amazon website.
People to people fundraising : social networking and Web 2.0 for charities
Fundraising on the internet : the ePhilanthropyFoundation.Org's guide to success online
The Blues brothers
How to improve acquiring of customer feedback in Raha-automaattiyhdistys
Nonprofit marketing : marketing management for charitable and nongovernmental organizations
Nonprofit internet strategies : best practices for marketing, communications, and fundraising success
Robin Hood marketing : stealing corporate savvy to sell just causes
The thesis is about work orientation and it is commissioned by the Finnish Red Cross. It aims at improving the orientation methods of the Finnish Red Cross. The outcome of the thesis is a confidential orientation guide for the new fundraisers of the Finnish Red Cross. The purpose of the guide is to pass on the most relevant information regarding the position. The orientation guide also covers topics such as work motivation and the responsibilities of a fundraiser and a team leader. The guide includes a self-assessment form that aims at improving performance at work. The research question to be answered in the thesis is “What does a good orientation guide for the new face-to-face fundraisers of the Finnish Red Cross include”. The research methods used in the thesis were interviews conducted for the face-to-face coordinators, the fundraising manager and the fundraising planner. The research conducted was a qualitative research. The theoretical framework of the thesis consists of theories on work orientation, motivation and non-profit organisations. Those were topical for the sake of the thesis. Additionally the author's personal working experience as a fundraiser was utilised in the thesis. The orientation guide produced here focuses on three main themes: providing the most important information for the new face-to-face fundraiser at the Finnish Red Cross, presenting tools for self-assessment, and helping the employees achieve better results at work. The orientation guide created for the Finnish Red Cross is confidential and therefore is not included in this thesis report. However the table of contents of the guide can be seen in Appendix 1. The produced orientation guide has been read and accepted by the contact person of the Finnish Red Cross. Therefore the guide can be used as a part of the orientation process of the new face-to-face fundraisers and the goal of the thesis has been reached. Further research on how the orientation guide has affected the face-to-face fundraisers work would be interesting.
Philanthropy in a flat world : inspiration through globalization
The Blues Brothers
Crowdfunding as a Customer Engagement Channel
Blues Brothers 2000
Crowdfunding and its utilization for startup finance in Finland : factors of a successful campaign
Ivy and Bean : no news is good news
Crowdfunding as a customer engagement channel
