http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14806 props
props
The grip book
Costumes & chemistry : a comprehensive guide to materials and applications
Costumes, accessories, props, and stage illusions made easy
The theatrical firearms handbook
The prob building handbook : for theatre, film, and TV
The role of props within the performing arts
Impeccable scene design : for game, animation and film
Star Wars : the phantom menace : the expanded visual dictionary
Ken Adam designs the movies : James Bond and beyond
Star Wars : the complete visual dictionary
Model making for the stage : a practical guide
The theater props handbook : a comprehensive guide to theater properties, materials and constructions
The semiotics of clowns and clowing : rituals of transgression and the theory of laughter
Stagecraft 1 : a complete guide to backstage word
Experienced prop maker Eric Hart walks readers through techniques used in historical and contemporary prop making and demonstrates how to apply them to a variety of materials. Hundreds of full-color photographs illustrate the tools and techniques used by professional prop makers throughout the entertainment industry. New features to the second edition include: Updated information on the latest tools and materials used in prop making, Both metric and standard measuring units, Step-by-step photos on common techniques such as upholstery, mold making, and faux finishing, Expanded coverage of thermoplastics, foam, and water-based coatings.
Putting on a play
The prop builder's molding & casting handbook
Elements of land law
The what, where, when of theater props : an illustrated chronology from arrowheads to video games
Star trek : aliens & artifacts
Careers in technical theater
Stage design and properties
Chinese opera : the actor's craft
Making period dolls' house accessories
Scenic art for the theatre : history, tools, and techniques
Stage Properties and how to make them
The prop master : a guidebook for successful theatrical prop management
The prop building guidebook : for theatre, film, and tv
Star wars : the visual dictionary
The mask handbook : a practical guide
During the last 300 years circus clowns have emerged as powerful cultural icons. This is the first semiotic analysis of the range of make-up and costumes through which the clowns' performing identities have been established and go on developing. It also examines what Bouissac terms 'micronarratives' - narrative meanings that clowns generate through their acts, dialogues and gestures. Putting a repertory of clown performances under the semiotic microscope leads to the conclusion that the performances are all interconnected and come from what might be termed a 'mythical matrix'. These micronarratives replicate in context-sensitive forms a master narrative whose general theme refers to the emergence of cultures and constraints that they place upon instinctual behaviour. From this vantage point, each performance can be considered as a ritual which re-enacts the primitive violence inherent in all cultures and the temporary resolutions which must be negotiated as the outcome. Why do these acts of transgression and re-integration then trigger laughter and wonder? What kind of mirror does this put up to society? In a masterful semiotic analysis, Bouissac delves into decades of research to answer these questions.
Effects for the theatre
Uva's basic grip book
The making of Star Wars, revenge of the Sith
Harry Potter : the artifact vault
