http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1485 paintings
paintings
Art in transit : handbook for packing and transporting paintings
The cats gallery of western art
Notes for workshop on new methods in the cleaning of paintings
Casting the first stone
Everything is happening : journey into a painting
AIC Paintings Specialty Group Postprints 1999 : Papers Presented at the Twenty-Seventh Annual Meeting of the American Institute for Conservation of Historic and Artistic Works, St. Louis, Missouri June 8-13, 1999
Case studies in the conservation of stone and wall paintings : preprints of the contributions to the Bologna congress, 21 - 26 September 1986
A perfect ground : preparatory layers for oil paintings 1550 - 1900
Pre-Raphaelite Cats
Ateneum 1992 : Valtion taidemuseon vuosijulkaisu = The Finnish National Gallery Bulletin
Theft : a love story
Raphael : The holy family with the lamb of 1504 : the original and its variants
AIC Paintings Specialty Group postprints 1997 : papers presented at the twenty-fifth annual meeting of the American Institute for Conservation, San Diego, California, June 13-14, 1997
The Secret of the Joseon portraits
Paint or pixel : the digital divide in illustration art
The watercolors of Winslow Homer
Interim meeting : international conference on painting conservation, canvases: behaviour, deterioration & treatment
Digital character design and painting
Chinese brush painting : a hands-on introduction to the traditional art
AIC Paintings Specialty Group postprints 1998 : papers presented at the twenty-sixth annual meeting of the American Institute for Conservation of Historic and Artistic Works, Arlington, Virginia
Save art : art and technologies in conservation
Purloined, damaged, recovered, restored : Vermeer's The Letter
We really love you
Artists & illustrators : e-lehti
Sell in good company : social capital as a strategic tool in the fine art auction business
"Camilla d'Errico is a powerful voice in pop surrealism, her work combining diverse influences in imagery both singular and hauntingly familiar. Compelling and deeply personal, "Helmetgirls" documents Camilla's art and lifestyle brand that fuses manga, steampunk, and fine art into an original and meaningful aggregate. Gargantuan biomechanical headgear adorns beautiful, wide-eyed, and seemingly fragile girls. More than just decoration, the helmets express each girl's character, needs, and desires. Look deeply into the Helmetgirls' eyes - they have a story to tell."--Publisher.
There is something good in everything : an adaptation of Efland's eclectic approach
Leonardo : La bella principessa : the profile portrait of a Milanese woman
The forger's spell : a true story of Vermeer, nazis, and the greatest art hoax of the twentieth century
Studies in the history of painting restoration
AIC Paintings Specialty Group Postprints 1995 : Papers Presented at the Twenty-Third Annual Meeting of the American Institute for Conservation, Saint Paul, Minnesota, June 9-10, 1995
The restorer's handbook of easel painting
The painter of battles
Looking at pictures : an introduction to art for young people through the collection of the National Gallery
Rannalla : akvarelleja = At the shore : watercolours
Canaletto's View of London ; photographs by K. and L. Neubert ; text by Eduard Safarik ; translated by Till Gottheiner
Children's book of art
Willy's pictures
The sketchbook war : saving the nation's artists in World War II
The second spy
The mystery of Wickworth Manor
AIC Paintings Specialty Group postprints 1996 : papers presented at the twenty-fourth annual meeting of the American Institute for Conservation, Norfolk, Virginia, June 14-15, 1996
Enzymatic restoration and authentication of Guiseppe Arcimboldo's "Vertumnus"
Frida Kahlo and the bravest girl in the world
Elizabeth : the exhibition at the National Maritime Museum
The mystery of Tally-Ho cottage
Discovering art : paintings along the road. 2, Switzerland and Austria
Once upon a time Walt Disney : the sources of inspiration for the Disney Studios
Helmetgirls : the art of Camilla d'Errico volume 2
Girl with a pearl earring
The effects of development, sorting strategy, and visual structure on the classification of nonobjective paintings
An exhibition of cleaned pictures (1936-1947) ; The National Gallery
Orpheus taming the animals T-020399-1 = Orfeus kesyttää eläimiä T-020399-1
Ateneum 1994 : Valtion taidemuseon museojulkaisu = Statens konstmuseums årsskrift = The Finnish National Gallery bulletin
Leonardo's Last Supper: the restoration
Trout of the world
Wai guo shi zhong guo hua = Foreign poetry reproduced in Chinese painting
Michelangelo, like Leonardo, was a man of many talents; sculptor, architect, painter and poet, he made the apotheosis of muscular movement, which to him was the physical manifestation of passion. He moulded his draughtsmanship, bent it, twisted it, and stretched it to the extreme limits of possibility. There are not any landscapes in Michelangelo's painting. All the emotions, all the passions, all the thoughts of humanity were personified in his eyes in the naked bodies of men and women. He rarely conceived his human forms in attitudes of immobility or repose. Michelangelo became a painter so that he could express in a more malleable material what his titanesque soul felt, what his sculptor's imagination saw, but what sculpture refused him. Thus this admirable sculptor became the creator, at the Vatican, of the most lyrical and epic decoration ever seen: the Sistine Chapel. The profusion of his invention is spread over this vast area of over 900 square metres. There are 343 principal figures of prodigious variety of expression, many of colossal size, and in addition a great number of subsidiary ones introduced for decorative effect. The creator of this vast scheme was only thirty-four when he began his work. Michelangelo compels us to enlarge our conception of what is beautiful. To the Greeks it was physical perfection; but Michelangelo cared little for physical beauty, except in a few instances, such as his painting of Adam on the Sistine ceiling, and his sculptures of the Pieta. Though a master of anatomy and of the laws of composition, he dared to disregard both if it were necessary to express his concept: to exaggerate the muscles of his figures, and even put them in positions the human body could not naturally assume. In his later painting, The Last Judgment on the end wall of the Sistine, he poured out his soul like a torrent. Michelangelo was the first to make the human form express a variety of emotions. In his hands emotion became an instrument upon which he played, extracting themes and harmonies of infinite variety. His figures carry our imagination far beyond the personal meaning of the names attached to them.
An enchantment : a graphic poem
Salvador Dali : 1904-1989 : The Paintings
Painted textiles : postprints of the forum held at the Museum of London 21 April 1997
Fakes : forgery and the art world
Early Netherlandish paintings : rediscovery, reception and research
The article considers the light shed on ancient religion by comparative linguistics and the analysis of visual images. Its starting point is the Bronze Age 'Sun Chariot' from Trundholm in Denmark, which is considered in both Flemming Kaul's book Ships on Bronzes and Martin West's Indo-European Poetry and Myth . The ideas of these two writers are discussed in conncection with the evidence of prehistoric rock carvings in South Scandinavia. The article considers how such places were used and draws attention to the distinctive practice of depicting pairs of footprints in this medium. The footprints may mark the positions of people engaged in rituals at these sites, for in many cases the drawings are oriented towards the solstices. Perhaps these events were observed from the decorated outcrops. Although the field evidence is limited, it supports the idea of a solar cosmology postulated by Kaul and West.
"To celebrate the rise of their new queen, three goddesses of the moon created three stars, one of fire, one of ice, one of water. But then they fell from the sky, putting the fate of all worlds in danger. And now three women and three men join forces to pick up the pieces... Sasha Riggs is a reclusive artist, haunted by dreams and nightmares that she turns into extraordinary paintings. Her visions lead her to the Greek island of Corfu, where five others have been lured to seek the fire star. Sasha recognizes them, because she has drawn them: a loner. All on a quest. All with secrets. Sasha is the one who holds them together the seer. And in the magician, Bran Killian, she sees a man of immense power and compassion. As Sasha struggles with her rare ability, Bran is there to support her, challenge her, and believe in her. But Sasha and Bran are just two of the six. And they all must work together as a team to find the fire star in a cradle of land beneath the sea. Over their every attempt at trust, unity, and love, a dark threat looms. And it seeks to corrupt everything that stands in its way of possessing the stars."Provided by publisher.
Ars assicurata : The Sampo Art Collection from the golden age of Finnish art to the present day
Picture framing : a practical guide to all aspects of the art and the craft
Hopper's places
Miniatura or the art of limning
Discovering art : paintings along the road. 1, West Germany
Flowers & fables
Holbein's Ambassadors
The rebirth of an image : transformation in the construction of meaning in painting : a case study of Diego Velázquez' and Francis Bacon's papal portraits of Innocent X
The care of pictures
Mixing and matching : approaches to retouching paintings
The Andy Warhol Collection : Americana and European and American paintings, drawings and prints : sold for the benefit of The Andy Warhol Foundation for the Visual Arts
Current technical challenges in the conservation of paintings
AIC Paintings Specialty Group Postprints 1994 : Papers Presented at the Twenty-Second Annual Meeting of the American Institute for Conservation, Nashville, Tennessee, June 10, 1994
Katie and the Spanish Princess
Just [1] : The butterfly net
The mystery of Banshee Towers
Conservation of paintings : research and innovations
Conservation of paintings : pocket guides
The Usborne book of famous paintings
The Vatican secret archives = Archivo segreto Vaticano
Spellbound
The collector's cabinet : tales, facts & fictions from the world of antiques
Preparation for painting : the artist's choice and its consequences
Storytelling in Japanese art
Frontier landscape : Lapland in the tradition of Finnish landscape painting
Stars of fortune
Peter's picture
Ideal and disintegration : dynamics of the self and art at the fin-de-siècle
THE ART OF NAUTICAL ILLUSTRATION / A VISUAL TRIBUTE TO THE ACHIEVEMENTS OF THE CLASSIC MARINE ILLUSTRATORS
Structural conservation of the Luvia late baroque altar painting = Luvian myöhäisbarokkikauden rakenteellinen konservointi
Joseph Roux and the Course de vélocipédes; le départ, 1869
The Paris secret
The Investigation, Conservation and Restoration of the Painting "Sacrifice" by K. Raud, 1935
The escension of Christ : re-treatment of a 20th century icon from Valamo Monastery = Kristuksen taivaaseen astuminen : 1900-luvun alun valamolaisen ikonin uudelleenkonservointi
Katie's picture show
Katie and the British artists
Facing the challenges of panel paintings conservation : trends, treatments, and training : proceedings from the symposium Facing the Challenges of Panel Paintings Conservation : Trends, Treatments, and Training organized by the Getty Conservation Institute, the Getty Foundation, and the J. Paul Getty Museum : The Getty Center, Los Angeles, May 17-18, 2009
The Fabric of Images : Europen paintings on textile supports in the fourteenth and fifteenth centuries
Art and autoradiography : insight into the Genesis of paintings by Rembrandt, Van Dyck and Vermeer
GraDoc : Graphic Documentation Systems in Mural Painting Conservation. Research seminar, Rome 16-20 November 1999
Ars Universitaria 1640-1990 : Works from the Art Room of the University of Helsinki
Zbirka slik Narodnega muzeja Slovenije = The collection of paintings of the National Museum of Slovenia
Copying masterpieces
Great French painting in the Hermitage
Orientalist aesthetics : art, colonialism, and French North Africa, 1880-1930
Michelangelo : the Sistine Chapel
ICOM - CC Paintings Group Workshop : Current practice and recent developments in the structural conservation of paintings on canvas supports, Helsinki Metropolia University of Applied Sciences, Degree Programme in Conservation, Vantaa Finland 16.-18. September 2010
'The family of Darius before Alexander' by Paolo Veronese : a résumé, some new deductions and some new facts
The Cat : 3500 years of the cat in art
Rainbow children : the art of Camilla d'Errico
The effect of variables on the bond strenght of Beva 371 linings : a report submitted to the Department of Art for the degree of MA Conservation
A brief history of painting
William Orpen : politics, sex & death
Masterpieces in detail. Vol. 2 : From Rembrandt to Rivera / Rose-Marie & Rainer Hagen ; [English translation: Karen Williams]
The Last Judgement : Michelangelo and the death of the Renaissance
AIC Paintings Specialty Group Postprints 2000 : Papers Presented at the Twenty-Eight Annual Meeting of the American Institute for Conservation of Historic and Artistic Works, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania June 8-13, 2000
Trick of the eye : art and illusion
Furniture makeovers : simple techniques for transforming furniture with paint, stains, paper, stencils, and more
One day we had to run
Modern paints uncovered : proceedings from the modern paints uncovered symposium : Tate Modern, London, May 16-19 / organized by the Getty Conservation Institute, Tate, and the National Gallery of Art ; edited by Thomas J. S. Learner ... [et al.]
Examination and conservation of an unlined painting by Pieter van Lint, painted in 1631
Portrait painting atelier : old master techniques and contemporary applications
The story of the world's greatest paintings
Studying and conserving paintings : occasional papers on the Samuel H. Kress Collection
Cat : wild cats and pampered pets
AIC Paintings Specialty Group Postprints 1991 : Albuquerque, New Mexico, June 8.1991
Enzymatic consolidation of the portrait of Rudolf II as "Vertumnus" by Giuseppe Arcimboldo with a new multi-enzyme preparation isolated from Antarctic krill (Euphausia superba)
Frames and framing
Glezniecı̄ba un tās restaurācija Krāslavas Sv. Ludvika romas katoļu baznı̄cā = Malowidła w kościele rzymskokatolickim pw. Św. Ludwika w Krasławiu i ich renowacja = Painting and its restoration in the roman catholic church of St Louis in Krāslava
Storybook Helsinki and Beyond
Mysteries of the rectangle : essays on painting
Edvard Munch : Det syke barn : historien om et mesterverk = The sick child : the story of a masterpiece
Paintings in the laboratory : scientific examination for art history and conservation
Camera Obscura : paintings 2001-2004
Snake's elbows
Laivankuvia Rauman museossa = Portraits of ships at the Rauma Museum
Silent places : a tribute to Edward Hopper
Retouching and filling [Valokopio]
Babar's gallery : (closed Mondays)
The Bellini Madonna
Conservation research
The Deeper Picture : Conservation at the National Gallery of Ireland
EVERY PICTURE TELLS A STORY
Picture this : a first introduction to paintings
The structural conservation of panel paintings : proceedings of a symposium at the J. Paul Getty Museum , April 1995.
The Victorians : Britain through the paintings of the age
The secret language of churches & cathedrals : decoding the sacred symbolism of Christianity's holy buildings
Postprints of the Joint Session of the Paintings and Textiles Specialty Groups : Albuquerque meeting
"The Watercolors of Winslow Homer examines the artist's spectacular achievement in the medium, beginning in 1873 with his earliest watercolors depicting the carefree life of children playing at the shore, and concluding with the sparkling images he painted in the first years of the twentieth century that capture the tropical lushness of Florida, Bermuda, and the Bahamas. Along the way, Homer's watercolors embraced the variety of American life, from the New England coast to the rustic farms of upstate New York and Virginia. Homer's brush pictured both the genteel world of fashionable young ladies and the Adirondacks forests where rugged lumbermen and hunters plied their trade. Homer's travels also took him to the English coast where he painted somber, monumental watercolors of the storm-swept sea, and late in life to the Caribbean where the warm sun inspired some of his most colorful and sensuous works. Above all, Homer was a confirmed outdoorsman, and the watercolors he painted in the forests and lakes of the Adirondacks and Quebec are among the most profound evocations of natural beauty ever created."
Conservation of manuscripts and paintings of South-East Asia
The antiques magpie : a compendium of absorbing history, stories and facts from the world of antiques
Remarks on relining / Frantisek Makes and Björn  Hallström
Enzymatic consolidation of paintings
Do it yourself : e-lehti
Najpiękniejsza fotografia = The most beautiful photograph ; Malowany ul = The colourful beehive
Using Reference in Creating a Digital Painting
Conservation and examination of two 17th century Dutch panel paintings
Sight-size portraiture
AIC Paintings Specialty Group Annual: Volume three : Papers presented at the Eighteenth Annual Meeting of American Institute for Conservation in Richmond, Virginia
Art models : life nudes for drawing painting and sculpting
Looking at paintings : a guide to technical terms
Queen Victoria's sketchbook
Breakfast at Sotheby's : an A-Z of the art world
Katie and the Spanish princess
The art of food : culinary inspirations from the paintings of the great masters
Painting digitally : with Photoshop's brush tool
The lining cycle : fundamental causes of deterioration in painting canvas : materials and methods of impregnation and lining from the 17th century to the present day : conference on comparative lining techniques : National Maritime Museum, April 1974
Midsummer and Midwinter in the Rock Carvings of South Scandinavia
Picture framing : modern methods of making and finishing picture frames
Explorers' sketchbooks : the art of discovery & adventure
Tell me a picture : adventures in lookin at art
C.S.Th. van Gink's poultry paintings
The treasures of Vincent van Gogh
China : land of charm and beauty
Picasso's Guernica : illustrations, introductory essay, documents, poetry, criticism, analysis
Kuvan tekeminen : Teoria & tekniikka = Creating art : theory & technique
Imagining a new society : public painting as politics in postwar Finland
The Mona Mousa code
Katie and the Mona Lisa
