http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14863 drying
drying
Dried & pressed flowers : creative design
Coat weight and drying power control
Drying of chunkwood - effect of particle size on drying rate
Advances in drying : vol. 5
Fish smoking and drying : the effect of smoking and drying on the nutritional properties of fish
Thermal separation technology : principles, methods, process design
Drying '80. 2, Proceedings of the second international symposium
Proceedings of the Fourth International Drying Symposium : Kyoto International Conference Hakk, Kyoto Japan July 9-12, 1984
Infrared drying of herbs
Coating and drying defects : troubleshooting operating problems
Raman and near-infrared spectroscopic methods for in-line monitoring of freeze-drying process
Drainage in the 21st century : food production and the environment : proceedings of the Seventh International Drainage Symposium 8-10 March 1998 Orlando, Florida
Charasteristics of the strenght properties of a mixture sheet under wet straining drying
Soil and water conservation engineering
Preconcentration and drying of food materials : Thijssen Memorial Symposium - proceedings of the International Symposium on Preconcentration and Drying of Foods, Eidhoven, the Netherlands, November 5-6, 1987
Dried flowers : growing - drying - arranging
Nudging in public service design : a research project of designing a common laundry room service for HOAS
The effect of annual ring orientation and drying method on deformations, casehardening and colour of silver birch (Betula pendula) boards
Proceedings of the Third International Drying Symposium. Volume 2
Advanced drying technologies
Managing erosion, sediment transport and water quality in drained peatland catchments
Operational efficiency of forest energy supply chains in different operational environments
Optimiturve : peat production based on solar energy : interim report 1988-1990
New technologies in web consolidation and drying : Pira, international conference 19-23 May 1986 : conference papers. Vol. 4.
An integrated simulation model of hay growth, harvesting and barn drying
Dry kiln operator's manual
Drying in the process industry
A combined infrared/heat pump drying technology applied to a rotary dryer
Mineral processing technology : an introduction to the practical aspects of ore treatment and mineral recovery
The art of denim garment finishing : an interactive guide to the basics of denim garment finishing
The contemporary drying of paper and paperboard coatings
Experimental drying of thin layers of peat
Solar energy in agriculture
Introduction to food process engineering
High temperature drying : enhancing kiln operations
Drying and storage of agricultural crops
Design criteria, key parameters and performance results of a fluidized dryer
Guidelines and computer programs for the planning and design of land drainage systems
Artificial dewatering of peat. Part 2, The structure of Finnish peat and its influence on water retention
Combined dehydration methods : from fresh fruit to high-quality ingredients
Drying of wood samples in drying ovens
Energy consumption in drying section
Drying of granular films : stress evolution and structural characteristics
Effect of lactic acid bacteria inoculants, formic acid, potassium sorbate and sodium benzoate on fermentation quality and aerobic stability of wilted grass silage
Forest ecological studies on drained peat land in the Province of Uppland, Sweden = Skogsekologiska studier på dikad torvmark i Uppland
Optimization of dryer section for recycled paperboard
Seminar on peat research, Polytechnical Institute of Kalinin and University of Oulu
Drying'80. Vol. 1, Developments in drying
Wood structure, properties and biological degradation : phD course in wood technology 20-25 April, 2009
Geochemistry and water quality of Lake Qarun, Egypt
Interaction of wood with various forms of energy = Interakcia dreva s rôznymi formami energie
Heat disinfestation of mountain pine beetle-affected wood
A study on the drying process of pigment coated paper webs
From sensors to reasons : fluidized bed spray granulation process monitoring by acoustic emission
Electrokinetic drying  of  wood
Selecting and drying wood
The influence of new drying methods on the quality of blade-coated offset paper
Identification, properties and uses of some Southeast Asian woods
Trees for rural Australia
Aeration studies on peat soil. 1, The effects of water-table depth and crop cover
Kiln-drying of lumber
Dried beans & grains
Drying of paper and paperboard
Preserved
Abstract: Practical potential of impulse drying.
Proceedings of the 3rd European Cost E15 Workshop on Wood Drying : with the theme Softwood drying to meets needs of further processing and specific end-uses : 11-13 June 2001 at Scandic Hotel Kalastajatorppa, Helsinki, Finland
Freeze-drying/lyophilization of pharmaceutical and biological products
Practical drainage for golf, sportsturf and horticulture
New technologies in web consolidation and drying : Pira, international conference 19-23 May 1986 : conference papers. Vol. 2.
Proceedings of the first international symposium on drying
Increasing the drying efficiency of cylinder drying
Variation of colour and selected physical and mechanical properties related to artificial drying of sawn silver birch (Betula pendula Roth) timber from plantations
Solar drying of fish and paddy
Milk powder technology : evaporation and spray drying
Floodplain forest ecosystem. 2, After water management measures
Selvitys impulssikuivatuksen käytännön sovellettavuudesta = Practical potential of impulse drying. Osa 2, Kokeellinen osa = Experimental part
A prediction model prototype for estimating optimal storage duration and sorting
Introduction to industrial drying operations
Food dehydration. 1, Principles
The pressed flower project book
Proceedings of the 12th ICOM-CC working group on wet organic archaeological materials conference
Storage and drying of woody biomass
Optimization of the pilot machine infrared dryer
Preparing herbarium specimens
Abstract: Energy-efficient use of infrared dryers in paper industry.
Effect of drying conditions on the mechanical properties of paper
Vacuum drying of wood : climate control and drying quality
The effect of high frequency vacuum drying on the quality of birch timber
Adewa : artificial dewatering of peat : interim report 1988-1990
Adewa : artificial dewatering of peat : final report on the energy research programme 1988-1992
Effects of sophisticated drainage techniques on groundwater level and drainage water quality on acid sulphate soils : final report of the HAPSU project
Heat disinfestation of decay fungi found in post-mountain pine beetle wood
Condebelt press drying and sustainable paper cycle
A guide to site planning and landscape construction
Simulation of the timber drying process : prediction of moisture and quality changes
Lyophilization : introduction and basic principles
Preserving food without freezing or canning : traditional techniques using salt, oil, sugar, alcohol, vinegar, drying, cold storage and lactic fermentation
Spray drying : an introduction to principles, operational practice and applications
Harvest and postharvest technologies for fresh fruits and vegetables = Technologias de cosecha y postcosecha de frutas y hortalizas : proceedings of the international conference, 20-24 February 1995, Guanjato, Mexico
Artificial dewatering of peat : Jyväskylä, Finland, 15-16 October, 1991
The Helsinki Symposium on Alternate Methods of Pulp and Pa per Drying : Helsinki June 4-7, 1991 : proceedings
Flower drying handbook
Temporal and spatial variation in the status of acid rivers and potential prevention methods of AS soil-related leaching in peatland forestry
New technologies in web consolidation and drying : Pira international conference 19-23 May 1986 : conference papers. Vol. 1.
Biofuel drying as a concept to improve the energy efficiency of an industrial CHP plant
New technologies in web consolidation and drying : Pira international conference 19-23 May 1986 : conference papers. Vol. 3.
Proceedings of the Third International Drying Symposium. Volume 1
Kernel mass related properties of cereal grains
Drainage design factors : 28 questions and answers
Energy efficient wood fuel drying
Influence of kiln and air drying on redistribution of low-molecular sugars and nitrogenous compounds in Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris L.) and consequences for mould susceptibility
Drying characteristics and kinetics of fluidized bed dried potato
Drying phenomena : theory and applications
Drying system design and process idealization
This thesis is the result of co-operation between Fastpap Oy, Räpina Paberivabrik AS and Tampere University of Applied Sciences. Work originated from Fastpap Oy and the target of this thesis work was to gain knowledge from the mill and the product in order to take the efficiency of the machine even further. Fastpap had delivered a comprehensive rebuild on the wet end of the machine. The results were good but the targeted production rate was not achieved. The old dryer section could not cope with the new capacity of the wet end. This thesis aims to collect all the information that helps to improve the efficiency of the dryer section. Couple of studies were already made to assess the current state of the machine. This work is a summary of those studies already made incorporating further machine concept and properties of the paperboard affecting to the drying efficiency.  The theoretical part of this thesis includes the operation principles of the conventional wire section. This was made to explain the origins of the two sidedness of the product. The drying section concept point of view was also included since the possible bottlenecks of the process would locate on this particular section. The experimental section of this thesis covered the analysis of the product. This analysis gave a vital information of the product to understand the drying process. Besides testing the basic properties of the paperboard, the air permeance and absorbency of the product were examined. Experimental drying simulation were also carried out. The results of the earlier studies from the machine concept point of view were included to gain comprehensive view from the process of this particular machine.  The results of the product analysis did not reveal any severe signs of the two sidedness of the paperweb affecting the drying process. Excluding the surface roughness of the paperboard, the results were quite uniform on the top and the wire side of the product. Some possible improvements on the machine concept point of view were discovered. Most of these discovered points of improvements were already covered in a way or another in the earlier studies. In addition, the assumed originating factors of these detected points were considered. This thesis gives a comprehensive idea of the operating process and the paperboard produced on site. These extensive results can be used as a tool for estimating the possible investments in the mill.
Man-made lowlands : history of water management and land reclamation in the Netherlands
Internal and external factors affecting the paper drying process
Development of the food dryer Easy Dryer JS 20
Flood control and drainage engineering
Artificial dewatering of peat. Part 6, Peat production methods for the mechanical dewatering process
Spray drying in practice
Drying milk and milk products
Abstract.
Wood drying methods
Handbook of industrial drying
Optimiturve and Adewa : peat production based on solar energy and artificial dewatering of peat : evaluation of the research programmes 1988-1990
Abstract: Utilisation of secondary heat in drying of forest industry bio fuels.
Effect of forestry drainage on the carbon balance and radiative forcing of peatlands in Finland
Development towards an efficient and sustainable biofuel drying
Selvitys impulssikuivatuksen käytännön sovellettavuudesta = Practical potential of impulse drying. Osa 1 = Part 1, Kirjallisuuskatsaus = Literature review
The lost madonna : ethics and conservation
Microwave-assisted air-dehydration of fruits and vegetables : processing conditions and product quality
Combined biological and chemical treatment of dairy wastewater
Effects of environmental and internal factors of trees and timber treatment on colour of dried birch (Betula pendula) wood
Industrial drying of foods
On-farm drying and storage systems
Elliot's bath
Drying technology in agriculture and food sciences
Microstructural principles of food processing & engineering
Drying food
Analysis of heat and mass transfer during milled peat drying
Discoloration of Silver Birch (Betula pendula) Wood Induced by Kiln Drying and  Hydrogen Peroxide Bleaching
Spray drying handbook
Colour response in drying of nordic hardwoods
Sixth International Drying Symposium IDS'88 : Versailles (France) September 1988.
Peat and bark extractives and their behaviour in drying processes
Charcuterie : the craft of salting, smoking, and curing
