http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14896 tragedies
tragedies
Acting in tragedy
The imagery of Sophocles' Antigone : a study of poetic language and structure
Eight leading contemporary interpreters of Classical Greek tragedy here explore its relation to the thought of the Archaic Period. Prominent topics are the nature and possibility of divine justice; the influence of the gods on humans; fate and human responsibility; the instability of fortune and the principle of alternation; hybris and ate; and the inheritance of guilt and suffering. Other themes are tragedy's relation with Pre-Socratic philosophy, and the interplay between 'Archaic' features of the genre and fifth-century ethical and political thought. The book makes a powerful case for the importance of Archaic thought not only in the evolution of the tragic genre, but also for developed features of the Classical tragedians' art. Along with three papers on Aeschylus, four on Sophocles, and one on Euripides, there is an extensive introduction by the editor.
Radical theatre : Greek tragedy and the modern world
A preface to Shakespeare's tragedies
The Persae of Aeschylus
Timon of Athens
The complete Euripides. Volume 4, Bacchae and other plays
Fools of time : studies in Shakespeares tragedy
Euripides' Medea : a new translation
A companion to tragedy
Aristophanes and his tragic muse : comedy, tragedy and the polis in 5th century Athens
Euripides : in four volumes. 3, Bacchanals ; Madness of Hercules ; Children of Hercules ; Phoenician maidens ; Suppliants
The lowland
One for my baby
Sophocles : a study of heroic humanism
Myth and tragedy in ancient Greece
Agamemnon. Vol. 2, Commentary on 1-1055
Euripides : a student of human nature
The politics of adaptation : contemporary African drama and Greek tragedy
Tragedy : a very short introduction
William Shakespearen Romeo + Julia
Tragic modernities
Stage appropriations of Shakespeare's major tragedies, 1979-2010
The politics of appropriation uncovers a largely forgotten chapter in music history by considering the intersection of music and Hellenism in nineteenth-century Germany. While the influence of Greece on the literature, art, architecture, and philosophy of this period has been much discussed, its significance for music has received considerably less attention. Beginning in 1841 with Felix Mendelssohn's wildly popular score for the groundbreaking Prussian court production of Sophocles' Antigone, author Jason Geary draws on research from the fields of musicology, history, classical studies, and theater studies, to explore the trend of combining music and Greek tragedy that also included productions of Euripides' Medea, Sophocles' Oedipus at Colonus, and Sophocles' celebrated Oedipus the King with music by Wilhelm Taubert, Mendelssohn, and Franz Lachner, respectively.
Aspects of Euripidean tragedy
Green River daydreams : a novel
The politics of appropriation : German Romantic music and the ancient Greek legacy
King Lear
Euripides' Medea comes alive in this new translation that will be useful for both academic study and stage production. Diane J. Rayor's accurate yet accessible translation reflects the play's inherent theatricality and vibrant poetry. The book includes an analytical introduction and comprehensive notes, and an essay on directing Medea by stage director Karen Libman. The play begins after Medea, a princess in her own land, has sacrificed everything for Jason: she helped him in his quest for the Golden Fleece, eloped with him to Greece, and bore him sons. When Jason breaks his oath to her and betrays her by marrying the king's daughter – his ticket to the throne – Medea contemplates the ultimate retribution. What happens when words deceive and those you trust most do not mean what they say? Euripides' most enduring Greek tragedy is a fascinating and disturbing story of how far a woman will go to take revenge in a man's world.
The dithyramb, a choral song associated mostly with the god Dionysos, is the longest-surviving form of collective performance in Greek culture, lasting in its shifting shapes from the seventh century BC into late antiquity. Yet it has always stood in the shadow of its more glamorous relations - tragedy, comedy, and the satyr-play. This volume, with contributions from international experts in the field, is the first to look at dithyramb in its entirety, understanding it as an important social and cultural phenomenon of Greek antiquity. Dithyramb in Context explores the idea that the dithyramb is much more than a complex poetic form: the history of the dithyramb is a history of changing performance cultures which form part of a continuous social process. How the dithyramb functions as a marker, as well as a carrier, of social change throughout Greek antiquity is expressed in themes as various as performance and ritual, poetics and intertextuality, music and dance, and history and politics. Drawing together literary critics, historians of religion, archaeologists, epigraphers, and historians, this volume applies a wide historical and geographical framework, scrutinizing the poetry and, for the first time, giving due weight to the evidence of epigraphy and the visual arts.
Greek tragedy and the emotions : an introductory study
The medium : tragedy in two acts
A new companion Greek tragedy
Humanist Tragedies, like its companion volume Humanist Comedies (ITRL 19), contains a representative sampling of Latin drama written during the Tre- and Quattrocento. The five tragedies included in this volume - Albertino Mussato's Ecerinis (1314), Antonio Loschi's Achilleis (ca. 1387), Gregorio Corraro's Progne (ca. 1429), Leonardo Dati's Hyempsal (ca. 1442), and Marcellino Verardi's Fernandus servatus (1493) - were nourished by a potent amalgam of classical, medieval, and pre-humanist sources. Just as Latin humanist comedy depended heavily upon Plautus and Terence, humanist tragedy drew its inspiration primarily from the nine plays of Seneca. Dramatists also used ancient legends or contemporary history as source material, dramatizing them as Seneca might have done. Some even attempted to outdo Seneca, exaggerating the bloody sensationalism, the bombastic rhetoric, and the insistence on retributive justice for which he was famous. Unlike comedy, which drew its narratives from ordinary life and from love, sex, money, and manners, tragedy was not concerned with human foibles but with distant tragic heroes. The impossible choices faced by larger-than-life men and women whose heroic destinies hung in the balance gave tragedy a considerably shorter shelf-life than comedies. While comedy stayed relevant, tragedy became problematic, evolving into the hybrid genre of tragicomedy by the end of the Quattrocento. Humanist tragedy testifies to the momentous changes in literary and cultural conventions that occurred during the Renaissance.
Revenge in Attic and later tragedy
The doctor's dilemma : a tragedy
Fragments of unknown Greek tragic texts with musical notation (P. Osl. inv. no. 1413) : I. the text
The origin of tragedy : with special reference to the Greek tragedians
Tragedy : serious drama in relation to Aristotle's poetics
Why does tragedy give pleasure?
Shakespeare survey. 27, Shakespeare's early tragedies
A little history of literature
The complete Euripides. Volume 5, Medea and other plays
Tragedy : serious drama in relation to Aristotle's Poetics
Brill's companion to Roman tragedy
Theseus, tragedy, and the Athenian Empire
Women in Greek tragedy : an anthropological approach
Hellenistic Tragedy: Texts, Translations and a Critical Survey offers a comprehensive picture of tragedy and the satyr play from the fourth century BCE. The surviving fragments of this dramatic genre are presented, alongside English translations and critical analysis, as well as a survey of the main writers involved and an exploration of the genre's formation, later influence and staging. Key features of the plays are analysed through extant texts and other evidence, including plots based on contemporary political themes, mythical subjects and Biblical themes, and features of metre and language. Practical elements of Hellenistic performance are also discussed, including those which have become the hallmarks of ancient theatre: actors' costumes of long robes, kothurnoi and high onkos-masks, the theatre building and the closed stage on the logeion. Piecing together a synthetic picture of Hellenistic tragedy and the satyr play, the volume also examines the key points of departure from earlier drama, including the mass audience, the mutual influence of Greek and Eastern traditions and the changes inside the genre which prove Hellenistic drama was an important stage in the development of the European theatre.
Euripides : in four volumes. 4, Ion ; Hippolytus ; Medea ; Alcestis
General reflection in tragic rhesis : a study of form
The political art of Greek tragedy
City of suppliants : tragedy and the Athenian empire
Hamlet : prince of Denmark
Romeo and Juliet
Heracles and Euripidean tragedy
The obsessed : and other selected writings
The encyclopedia of Greek tragedy
Tragedy and Athenian religion
Tragedy
The lowland : a novel
From agent to spectator : witnessing the aftermath in ancient Greek epic and tragedy
Miss Peregrine's home for peculiar children
After Dionysus : a theory of the tragic
Based on the conviction that only translators who write poetry themselves can properly re-create the celebrated and timeless tragedies of Aeschylus, Sophocles, and Euripides, the Greek Tragedy in New Translations series offers new translations that go beyond the literal meaning of the Greek in order to evoke the poetry of the originals. This volume collects Euipides' Alcestis (translated by William Arrowsmith), a subtle drama about Alcestis and her husband Admetos, which is the oldest surviving work by the dramatist; Medea (Michael Collier and Georgia Machemer), a moving vengeance story and an excellent example of the prominence and complexity that Euripides gave to female characters; Helen (Peter Burian), a genre breaking play based on the myth of Helen in Egypt; and Cyclops (Heather McHugh and David Konstan), a highly lyrical drama based on a celebrated episode from the Odyssey. This volume retains the informative introductions and explanatory notes of the original editions and adds a single combined glossary and Greek line numbers.
Miss Peregrine's home for peculiar children : the graphic novel
Tragedy in transition
Greek tragedy : an introduction
The Oxford handbook of Shakespearean tragedy
Seneca's tragedies and the aesthetics of pantomime
Athalie : tragédie 1691
Agamemnon. Vol. 3, Commentary on 1056-1673, appendixes, indexes
"We tend to associate the act of witnessing with bystanders who have not played an active role in the events that they are watching. The present monograph considers characters from Homer's Iliad and Greek tragedy that are looking on and reacting (in word, deed, or both) to their own actions. It closely examines those scenes in which they are put in the position of a spectator, witnessing the aftermath of their deed(s)"--Provided by publisher.
Shakespeare survey : an annual survey of Shakespearian study & production. 20, Shakespearian and other tragedy
Shakespeare's tragedies : a selection of modern criticism
Genealogy of the tragic : Greek tragedy and German philosophy
Sophocles : an interpretation
Polaris : chivalric tragedy at the utmost north
Waiting for Godot in Sarajevo : theological reflections on nihilism, tragedy and apocalypse
Shakespeare survey : an annual survey of Shakespearian study & production. 3, The man and the writer
Nietzsche and The birth of tragedy
Othello
Lycurgan Athens and the making of classical tragedy
Reading Greek tragedy
Shakespeare's late tragedies : a collection of critical essays
Shakespearean tragedy and its double : the rhythms of audience responce
Snow in midsummer : tragic stories from ancient China
Four Jacobean sex tragedies
The veil
Sophocles and the Greek tragic tradition
Three plays
The Encyclopedia of Greek Tragedy is the first comprehensive reference work to cover all facets of the distinct form of dramatic theater that flourished in ancient Greece with its apex in the 5th century BCE. Contributed by a team of international experts and emerging scholars, entries reflect a careful balance between scholarly precision and accessibility to facilitate a better understanding and appreciation of the great surviving works of Aeschylus, Sophocles, Euripides and their contemporaries. Coverage includes all the extant works of the playwrights and plays of the period - including what is known about fragmentary and lost plays of the period - including what is known about fragmentary and lost plays and their authors; the theaters in which the plays were staged; the philosophical, cultural, and political contexts in which the plays were performed; as well as their influence on world literature and on the arts, from ancient vase-painting to opera, film and TV.
Hellenistic tragedy : texts, translations, critical survey
Ontology and the art of tragedy : an approach to Aristotle's Poetics
Greek tragedy and political theory
Sophocles the dramatist
Objects as actors : props and the poetics of performance in Greek tragedy
The Senecan aesthetic : a performance history
Andromache
The Greek sense of theatre : tragedy reviewed
Greek tragedy on screen
The medium : vocal score : tragedy in two acts
Dithyramb in context
Tragedy and comedy
The versatile needle : Hosidius Geta's cento "Medea" and its tradition
The works of william shakespeare
The complete Euripides. Volume 3, Hippolytos and other plays
The complete works of William Shakespeare
The hardest sermons you'll ever have to preach : help from trusted preachers for tragic times
Story patterns in Greek tragedy
"Nietzsche and "The birth of tragedy"" provides a clear account of the text and explores the philosophical, literary and historical influences bearing upon it. Each chapter examines part of the text, explaining the ideas presented and assessing relevant scholarly points of interpretation. The book will be an invaluable guide to readers in philosophy, literary studies and classical studies coming to "The birth of tragedy" for the first time.
The secret cause : a discussion of tragedy
Tales of the peculiar
The seminar of Jacques Lacan. Book 7, The ethics of psychoanalysis 1959-1960
Greek tragic style : form, language, and interpretation
Dancer in the dark
Oedipus and the Sphinx : the threshold myth from Sophocles through Freud to Cocteau
Restoration tragedy : form and the process of change
Sanctuary
The death of tragedy
The drama of Euripides
Shakespeare survey. 26, Shakespeare's Jacobean tragedies
The aesthetics of Senecan tragedy
Euripides : in four volumes. 2, Electra ; Orestes ; Iphigenia in Taurica ; Andromache ; Cyclops
Nietzsche, aesthetics and modernity
Greek tragedy in action
The Greek tragic poets
"The 1st-century Roman tragedies of Seneca, like all ancient drama, do not contain the sort of external stage directions that we are accustomed to today; nevertheless, a careful reading of the plays reveals such stage business as entrances, exits, setting, sound effects, emotions of the characters, etc. The Dramaturgy of Senecan Tragedy teases out these dramaturgical elements in Seneca's work and uses them both to aid in the interpretation of the plays and to show the playwright's artistry. Thomas D. Kohn provides a detailed overview of the corpus, laying the groundwork for appreciating Seneca's techniques in the individual dramas. Each of the chapters explores an individual tragedy in detail, discussing the dramatis personae and examining how the roles would be distributed among a limited number of actors, as well as the identity of the Chorus. The Dramaturgy of Senecan Tragedy makes a compelling argument for Seneca as an artist and a dramaturg in the true sense of the word: a maker of drama. While other scholars have applied this type of performance criticism to individual tragedies or scenes, this is the first comprehensive study of all the plays in 25 years, and the first ever to consider not just stagecraft, but also metatheatrical issues such as the significant distribution of roles among a limited number of actors, as well as emotional states of the characters. Scholars of classics and theater, as well as those looking to stage the plays, will find much of interest in this study"--
Royal power and authority in Shakespeare's late tragedies
The island
Oxford readings in Greek tragedy
The harvest of tragedy
Deconstructing Macbeth : the hyperontological view
Roman historical drama : the Octavia in antiquity and beyond
Agamemnon. Vol. 1, Prolegomena, text, translation
A cupboard full of coats
Aeschylus : the creator of tragedy
A new companion to Greek tragedy
Tragedy in Ovid : theater, metatheater, and the transformation of a genre
The experience of tragic judgment
Twentieth century interpretations of Euripides' Alcestis : a collection of critical essays
William Shakespearen Romeo & Julia
Until the Renaissance the centrality of Roman tragedy in Western society and culture was unchallenged. Studies on Roman Republican tragedy and on Imperial Roman tragedy by the contributors have been directing the gaze of scholarship back to Roman tragedy. This volume has two goals: first, to demonstrate that Republican tragedy had a far more central role in shaping Imperial tragedy than is currently thought, and quite possibly more important than Classical Greek tragedy. Second, the influence of other Roman literary genres on Roman tragedy is greater than has formerly been credited. Studies on von Kleist and Shelley, Eliot and Claus help reconstruct the ancient Roman stage by showing how moderns had thought to change it for contemporary aesthetics.
The Oresteian trilogy : Agamemnon, The Choephori, The Eumenides
The dramaturgy of Senecan tragedy
Too much happiness
Law and mimesis
Aristotle on the function of tragic poetry
The myth of the sorceress Medea, who, abandoned by her Argonaut husband Jason, killed their children in revenge, has exerted a continuous impact on European writers and artists from classical Greece to the present day. The ancient Romans were especially drawn to the myth, but Seneca's tragedy is the only dramatic treatment to have survived from imperial Rome intact. It is intellectually and poetically one of the richest of Seneca's plays and theatrically one of his most innovative, spectacular and self-reflective. Its themes include the problematics of power and civilization, the dynamics of 'self' and 'other', the psychology of action, the determinism of history, the tragic theatre itself. The play's deep influence on the European dramatic, operatic and artistic tradition (and beyond) is only now being fully appreciated. Poets, dramatists, librettists, composers, choreographers, painters, film-makers - including Boccaccio, Shakespeare, Webster, Corneille, Noverre, Cherubini, Mayr, Grillparzer, Turner, Anouilh, Jeffers, Pasolini, Müller, Ripstein, Reimann - exhibit its formal and thematic force. This full-scale critical edition of Seneca's Medea offers a substantial introduction, a new Latin text, an English verse translation designed for both performance and serious study, and a detailed commentary on the play which is exegetic, analytic, and interpretative. The aim throughout has been to elucidate the text dramatically as well as philologically, and to locate the play firmly in its contemporary historical and theatrical context and in the ensuing literary and dramatic tradition.
Tragedy and archaic Greek thought
The Greek Tragedy in New Translations series is based on the conviction that only translators who write poetry themselves, or who work in collaboration with poets, can properly re-create the celebrated and timeless tragedies of the great Greek writers. These new translations are more than faithful to the original text, going beyond the literal meaning in order to evoke the poetic intensity and rich metaphorical texture of the Greek language. The Trojan Women describes with unparalleled intensity the horrific brutality that both women and children undergo at the end of the Trojan War, but in the end it is a play that insists on the victory of spirit amid the horrors created by gods and men. Poet and English professor Alan Shapiro, together with noted Greek scholar, translator, and Classics professor Peter Burian, bring into their own words the Aeschylean vision of a world fraught with spiritual and political tensions, disordered by an irrational war.
Dreams on Greek tragedy : an ethno-psycho-analytical study
The subject of tragedy : indentity and difference in Renaissance drama
Greek tragedy : a literary study
The lay of Aotrou and Itroun : together with The Corrigan poems
The birth of tragedy and other writings
Euripides' Heracles is an extraordinary play of great complexity, exploring the co-existence of both positive and negative aspects of the eponymous hero. Euripides treats Heracles' ambivalence by showing his uncertain position after the completion of his labours and turns him into a tragic hero by dramatizing his development from the invincible hero of the labours to the courageous bearer of suffering. This book offers a comprehensive reading of Heracles examining it in the contexts of Euripidean dramaturgy, Greek drama and fifth-century Athenian society. It shows that the play, which raises profound questions on divinity and human values, deserves to have a prominent place in every discussion about Euripides and about Greek tragedy. Tracing some of Euripides' most spectacular writing in terms of emotional and intellectual effect, and discussing questions of narrative, rhetoric, stagecraft and audience reception, this work is required reading for all students and scholars of Euripides.
Tragedy and philosophy
The origin of German tragic drama
The most excellent and lamentable tragedy of Romeo & Juliet
Sophocles and the language of tragedy
Shakespeare's Hamlet : the manga edition
What was tragedy? : theory and the early modern canon
Sex and satiric tragedy in early modern England : penetrating wit
Through a series of interdisciplinary studies this book argues that the Athenians themselves invented the notion of 'classical' tragedy just a few generations after the city's defeat in the Peloponnesian War. In the third quarter of the fourth century BC, and specifically during the 'Lycurgan Era' (338-322 BC), a number of measures were taken in Athens to affirm to the Greek world that the achievement of tragedy was owed to the unique character of the city. By means of rhetoric, architecture, inscriptions, statues, archives and even legislation, the 'classical' tragedians (Aeschylus, Sophocles and Euripides) and their plays came to be presented as both the products and vital embodiments of an idealised Athenian past. This study marks the first account of Athens' invention of its own theatrical heritage and sheds new light upon the interaction between the city's literary and political history.
Greek tragedy into film
Humanist tragedies
The liberated Gospel : a comparison of the Gospel of Mark and Greek tragedy
