http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1482 music festivals
music festivals
Monterey Pop
Wagner in rehearsal 1875-1876 : the diaries of Richard Fricke
EDM and Ecstasy : the lived experiences of electronicdance music festival attendees
A comparative study of crowd behaviour at two major music events
The music festival as an arena for learning : festspel i Pite Älvland and matters of identity
Blow 2004-2007
Bayreuth : the early years : an account of the early decades of the Wagner Festival as seen by the celebrated visitors & participants
Music festivals of the world
Pori Jazz 50 vuotta - kuvitettu klassikko = Pori Jazz - 50 years of illustrated jazz history
Woodstock : 3 days of peace and music
Woodstock 40 : 3 days of peace & music
Finland : land of music and nature
The substance of things heard : writings about music
Ecoutez cette musique de la forêt : une brève présentation du Festival de musique de chambre de Kuhmo = Listen, there's music from the forest : a brief presentation of the Kuhmo Chamber Music Festival
Music festivals of the world : a guide to leading festivals of music, opera and ballet
Turku music festival : striving for quality
Kuhmon henki = Spirit of Kuhmo = Kufumo no shin
"A brilliant collection of essays on popular music festival culture as a whole, from its origins to a wide range of contemporary manifestations"--Provided by publisher.
Koneisto : Elektronisen musiikin festivaali. 27.-28.7.2001. Turku, Suomi = Festival for electronic music. July 27th-28th, 2001. Turku, Finland
Kuhmo Chamber Music Festival : the structure of the festival's economy and the economic impact of the festival
The road to Woodstock
Luz Mila Patiño Festival : 30 years of cross-cultural encounters through music
The music lover's guide to Europe : a compendium of festivals, concerts, and opera
Darmstadt aural documents. Box 1, Composers - conductors : composers conducting their own works
Taking part in music : case studies in ethnomusicology
Finnish Music Quarterly 1996:2
KUOPIO TANSSII JA SOI = KUOPIO DANCE AND MUSIC FESTIVAL : 10 V. = 10 YEARS
For how long does it take to be assembled?
The festivalization of culture
The cool camping guide to festivals
The Montreaux dream : The story of the Montreaux Jazz Festival
A perfect haze : the illustrated history of the Monterey International Pop Festival
The Wagners : the dramas of a musical dynasty
Suddenly one summer : a sociological portrait of the Joensuu Festival
Woodstock : 3 days of peace and music : the director's cut
Ruisrock - a puritan's nightmare? : the moral regulation of a Finnish rock festival
Homegrown is the byword in Naantali this summer : 15 years of the Naantali Music Festival
Tallinn '88 : rahvusvaheline koorifestival = meždunarodnyj festival' horov = The International Choral Festival
The Europe of festivals : from Zagreb to Edinburgh, intersecting viewpoints..
Accessibility for wheelchair users at Pori Jazz Festival 2009
Tomorrowland : yesterday is history, today is a gift, tomorrow is mystery
Finnish music autumn in Denmark
Message to love : The Isle of Wight festival : the movie
The peoples republic of Wacken
Masking and madness : Mardi Gras in New Orleans
Frankie the make-up fairy
Visitor satisfaction of Kalkkirannan Jazz
The Newport Folk Festival songbook
Folk opera lives : Ilmajoki invests in patriotic spectacles
Goa : 20 years of psychedelic trance
Woodstock vision : the spirit of a generation
Security in music festivals and concerts
Woodstock : the oral history
Nordiska musikfester = Nordic music days 100 years
Marketing mix for a nordic classical music festival : case Sääksmäki Soi! music festival
Bayreuth : a history of Wagner Festival
The pop festival : history, music, media, culture
Monterey Jazz Festival : forty legendary years
Woodstock : three days that rocked the world
Music event management & promotion
The objective of this thesis is to show the increasing importance of security in music festivals and concerts to everyone interested and involved into this type of events; such as organizers, promoters, suppliers, public authorities and attendees. The aim is to provide enough useful information about security and safety issues that are related to these events, in order to induce organizations to make more secure events. The main topic of this research is safety and security issues concerning music festival and concerts. Concretely, this research examines the challenges of arranging music festivals and concerts in terms of security, and how beneficial it is for companies and organizations to be aware of the importance of security in this type of events. The theoretical framework is focused on Risk Management: what it is, how does it function in music festivals and events; anything related to the Risk Management process, including the security plan and the emergency plan. In addition, anything related to security and safety issues concerning music festivals and concerts is included: legal aspects; health and safety issues; design and site management issues; administration, communications and marketing issues; crowd control; as well as, other important issues to consider after the events have been held. The research method chosen for this thesis is the qualitative one. Research was collected by direct observation on concerts, studying music festivals and concert venues' online sources, studying available resources based on risk management and security in music festivals and concerts; and with the material gathered from interviews conducted to festival and concert organizers, and to concert attendees, in Finland and abroad. The results of the research show that most organizations still lack of general awareness on the importance of security in music festivals and concerts. Also many venues do not have the safety measures that are required by professional event producers and organisers and the law, to assure a safe event. Organizations could take example of the new and standard security and safety measures implemented by the Roskilde Festival and the Download Festival, and from the measures taken at all music festival and concert venues in Japan; to improve in security. Moreover, organizations should show more interest and concern on security aspects that affect this type of events, in order to provide not only a once in a lifetime experience but also a safe environment for everybody under any unexpected chain of events that could take place.
Launching a successful music festival
Classical music 101 : a complete guide to learning and loving classical music
Abstract.
Tampereen Sävel : 1975-1990 = Tampere International Choir Festival
Koneisto 2002 : festival for electronic music and arts. July 26th-28th, 2002. Helsinki, Finland
Poles apart : two sides to the Finnish musical summer
Woodstock 40 : 2-CD set
Arts organisation as a third sector employer
Viitasaari swears by the spirit of pluralism
The celebration continues : Woodstock  '79
Rock in the East : Expectations Towards a Finnish Rock Festival in the Russian Context
Folk festival : a celebration of music recorded at the Sidmouth International Festival
Security in Music Festivals and Concerts
Finnish Music Quarterly 1994:2
Koneisto 2003 : festival for electronic music and arts. July 25th-27th, 2003. Helsinki, Finland
Aquarius rising : the rock festival years
Monterey pop : June 16-18, 1967
Woodstock 40 : 6-CD set
