http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14827 applied linguistics
applied linguistics
Computers in applied linguistics : an international perspective
Issues in applied linguistics
Learning, keeping and using language : selected papers from the 8th World Congress of Applied Linguistics, Sydney, 16-21 August 1987. Vol. 1
Applied linguistics and English language teaching
Beyond expression : a systematic study of the foundations of linguistics
Explorations in applied linguistics
Finnish summary.
Theoretical linguistic models in applied linguistics : 3rd AIMAV seminar in collaboration with AILA, CILA and the Council of Europe (Neuchâtel, 5th-6th May 1972)
Linguistics as applied linguistics
Linguistic theories and their application
Language in the real world : an introduction to linguistics
Meaning, form, and use in context : linguistic applications
Applied linguistics
The science of linguistics in the art of translation : some tools from linguistics for the analysis and practice of translation
AILA 96 : applied linguistics across disciplines : programme, abstracts
An introduction to applied linguistics
Longman dictionary of language teaching and applied linguistics
Essays on the English language and applied linguistics on the occasion of Gerhard Nickel's 60th birthday
Working papers in English and applied linguistics
Esipuhe = Preface
Research design and statistics for applied linguistics
Finlance : the Finnish journal of language learning and language teaching
Coming to terms with reality
Contrastive and applied linguistics : contrastive studies : research papers = Sastatāmā un lietiš,kā valodniecība : kontrastīvie pētījumi : zinātniskie raksti. 10
Language and technology
Research in applied linguistics : becoming a discerning consumer
Directions in applied linguistics
The Oxford handbook of applied linguistics
Discourse analysis : a resource book for students
Aila 81. Proceedings 1, Sections and workshops : abstracts of section papers and workshop summaries
Papers in language learning and language acquisition : from the 2nd Nordic Conference on Applied Linguistics, Hanasaari, Espoo, Finland, November 23-25, 1979 : AFinLA yearbook 1980
Vocabulary and applied linguistics
This volume formalizes, organizes and analyzes the relation of knowledge about language to decision-making in practice. It synthesizes research in psycholinguistics, educational linguistics and sociolinguistics, freely crossing subject fields to establish innovative and expert responses to some of the key debates in the field. Authored and compiled by leaders in their various specialties and collated and extensively re-edited from the award-winning "Encyclopedia of Language and Linguistics, 2nd Edition", this collection will be an ideal one-stop desk reference solution for any linguistics professional and researcher interested in how language operates at the leading edge. It offers an authoritative review of this dynamic field placed in an interdisciplinary context. It includes over 100 articles by leaders in the field. It is presented in compact and affordable single-volume format.
Vocabulary : applied linguistic perspectives
Grammatical framework : programming with multilingual grammar
Esipuhe = Förord = Preface
The research manual : design and statistics for applied linguistics
AFinLA:n syyssymposium 2012 : osallistumisen multimodaaliset diskurssit = AFinLA Autumn Symposium : multimodal discourses of participation, Oulu 9.-10.11.2012
Applications of linguistics : selected papers of the second international congress of applied linguistics, Cambridge 1969
Aila 96 : applied linguistics across disciplines : list of participants and exhibitions
Problems in learning Tamil
An introduction to discourse analysis
What are the obstacles and problems in carrying out research? How do you overcome issues of validity, reliability and ethicality? Doing Research in Applied Linguistics: Realities, dilemmas and solutions addresses these issues and shows the reader how to undertake research whilst dealing with the challenges of this research involving real people in real settings. Each chapter features an experienced researcher focusing on a problem in a research project, and outlines the steps involved in solving the problem and completing a successful, and publishable, project.
Evaluating language : papers from the annual Meeting of the British Association for Applied Linguistics held at the University of Essex, September 1992
Basic issues in translation studies : Proceedings of the fifth international conference
Linguistic insights in applied linguistics : 2nd Neuchatel colloquium in applied linguistics in collaboration with AIMAV, AILA, CILA and the University of Neuchatel 25th-26th May 1973
Researching and applying metaphor
Aila 96 : applied linguistics across disciplines. [2], List of participants and exhibitors
Introduction to applied linguistics
The encyclopedia of applied linguistics
The Routledge handbook of language and intercultural communication
Rationality and the literate mind
Some implications of linguistic theory for applied linguistics : 3rd Neuchâtel Colloquium in Applid Linguistics in collaboration with AIMAV, AILA, CILA and the University of Neuchâtel (30th May-1st June 1974)
Integrationist notes and papers 2006-2008
Language and super-diversity : explorations and interrogations : June 5-7, 2013, Jyväskylä, Finland : [abstracts]
Pragmatics in practice
Studia Anglica Posnaniensia : an international review of English studies. Volume 33
Applied linguistics as an emerging discipline
The Development of second language identities in ELF study abroad contexts
Knowing matters : how students address lack of knowledge in bilingual classroom interaction
Contemporary applied linguistics. Vol. 2, Language for the real world
Linguistics and the professions : proceedings of the Second Annual Delaware Symposium on Language Studies
Introducing applied linguistics : an A - Z guide
The native speaker in applied linguistics
Directions in applied linguistics : essays in honor of Robert B. Kaplan
Topics in applied linguistics
The innovative and flexible 'two dimensional' stricture is built around four sections―introduction, development, exploration and extension―which offer self-contained stages for study. Each topic can also be read across these sections, enabling the reader to build gradually on the knowledge gained. Each book in the series has a companion website with extra resources for teachers, lecturers and students. Discourse Analysis: Provides an accessible introduction and comprehensive overview of the major approaches and methodological tools used in discourse analysis Introduces both traditional perspectives on the analysis of texts and spoken discourse as well as more recent approaches that address technologically mediated and multimodal discourse. Incorporates practical examples using real data from conversational interaction, ceremonial vows, dating adverts, social media such as facebook, blogs and msn, films such as When Harry Met Sally, popular music lyrics and newspaper articles on areas as diverse as international political incidents and Lady Gaga. Includes key readings from leading scholars in the field, such as James Paul Gee, Michael Halliday, Henry G. Widdowson, Dell Hymes, Harvey Sacks and Ron Scollon Offers a wide range of activities, questions and points for further discussion Is supported by a companion website featuring extra activities, additional guidance, useful links and multimedia examples including sound files, YouTube and videos.
The use of databases in cross-linguistics studies
Modern language in the Nordic countries : a survey based on the material from national experts
Contrastive and applied linguistics : contrastive studies : research papers = Sastatāmā un lietiš,ka valodniecība : kontrastīvie pētījumi : zinātniskie raksti. 8
Contemporary Applied Linguistics, Volume 2 presents a comprehensive survey of the ways in which linguistics is being used by researchers in a wide-range of interdisciplinary areas. Written by internationally renowned linguists, the volume provides a snapshot of the field of applied linguistics.
World applied linguistics : a celebration of 40 years of AILA
Applied sociolinguistics
Explorations in applied linguistics. 2
Annual review of applied linguistics. Vol. 7, 1986
The Routledge Handbook of Language and Intercultural Communication constitutes a comprehensive introduction to the multidisciplinary field of intercultural communication, drawing on the expertise of leading scholars from diverse backgrounds. The Handbook is structured in five sections and covers historical perspectives, core issues and topics, and new debates in the field, with a particular focus on the language dimension. Among the key themes addressed are: the foundation of intercultural communication; core themes and issues; putting intercultural communication theory into practice; new debates and future directions. The Handbook includes an introduction and overview by the editor, which provides readers with an indication of the focus of each section and chapter. The Routledge Handbook of Language and Intercultural Communication is the ideal resource for advanced undergraduates and postgraduate students of applied linguistics, TESOL/TEFL and communication studies.
Machine translation and applied linguistics
Linguistics and reading
Annual review of applied linguistics. Vol. 16(1996), Technology and language
Concise encyclopedia of applied linguistics
Learning, keeping and using language : selected papers from the 8th World Congress of Applied Linguistics, Sydney, 16-21 August 1987. Vol. 2
ITL : international journal of applied linguistics
Towards an u nderstanding of language learner self-concept
International journal of applied linguistics
Language, education and society in a changing world
Text, discourse and process : toward a multidisciplinary science of texts
Doing research in applied linguistics : realities, dilemmas, and solutions
The uses of linguistics
Beliefs about SLA : new research approaches
