http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14810 municipal planning
municipal planning
Quality by town planning and management : Case Pikku-Huopalahti Helsinki
Urban and regional planning
City profiles of China
Social development planning in socialism : an introduction
Content of municipal strategy papers : comparison of five Finnish and five Canadian municipalities' strategies
Glatt! : from suburb to city?
Making better places : the planning project in the twenty-first century
World dynamics
Management of urban infrastructure and environment in Finland
Abstract: New research-based knowledge about peripherality and planning practices in depopulated built-up areas in the Northern Periphery.
Urban and regional planning : a systems approach
Embedded sustainability : the next big competitive advantage
Residential location markets and urban transportation : economic theory, econometrics, and policy analysis with discrete choice models
Information society, citizens and everyday life: does the Internet make a difference in spatial practices?
Key concepts in planning
The Pohja case : a Finnish municipality in transition
Transport revolution : international perspectives
Urban planning as a trading zone
New research-based knowledge about peripherality and planning practices in depopulated built-up areas in the Northern Periphery
The sensitivity of central European mountain forests to scenarios of climatic change: methodological frame for a large-scale risk assessment
Prospectus of the Institute for Urban Planning
Sustainability strategies : when does it pay to be green?
Urban Design Management : UDM workshops
Implementing town planning : the role of town planning in the development process
The fundamentals of landscape architecture
Economics and community planning
A developing Turku : the foundation for residents' well-being : Turku strategy 1997-2000
The challenge of slums : global report on human settlements 2003
Urban policy in practice
Second home tourism in Finland : perceptions of citizens and municipalities on the state and development of second home tourism
Town and country planning law in Finland
The practice of local government planning
Suomen kartasto = Atlas över Finland = Atlas of Finland. Vihko = Häfte = Folio 312-313, Suunnittelu, turvallisuus = Planering, säkerhetsväsen = Planning, security
Local Decision Making III
Utsjoki church village: urban land use in the subarctic
Change and stability in urban Europe : form, quality and governance
Community development journal : an international forum
Nordisk kvantif : Joint Nordic Project Community Benefit of Digital Spatial Information. Final report : conclusions and recommendations
Environment and planning. C, Government and policy
Planning law and procedure
Planning theory and philosophy
Seminar on Finnish architectur and urban planning : Aug. 21 - Sep. 4. 1968 Finland
Environmental concerns in municipal planning : problems and research challenges : presentation of a National Research Programme under the Research Council of Norway
Social planning
Updating International Strategy in a Municipality : case: the City of Lahti
Journal of urban design
Journal of planning education and research
The Concept and Development of Social Planning
Urban form and greenhouse gas emissions : summary
Participatory mapping and geographical patterns of the social landscape values of rural communities in Zanzibar, Tanzania
Planning, concentration of power and development of democratic control
The essence of the information society has been under a considerable debate during the last decade. The argumentation concerns the critique of technological determinism and the recognition of political, economic, social and cultural factors that underlie the development. In academic discourse, there has been a noticeable change from engineering based rhetoric towards more humanistic themes and a more qualitative way of speaking about the issue. Also geographical dimensions, mainly related to the urban research and applied urban planning, have emerged. In this paper the essence of the information society is analysed from a perspective of human and cultural geography. The concept of information society is being treated as a subjective construction and it can be conceptualised as a triad. Firstly, it is a tool as such, and the reference is on material symbols representing the tech-sphere of today. This includes actual devices such as computers and mobile telephones and their integrated applications. Secondly, the information society is a set of practices. This refers to everyday routines that are rarely questioned or critically explored. The most common examples of this are e-banking and e-shopping. Finally, the information society is an experience. This theme is characterised by subjective histories, individual contexts and cultural backgrounds. All these dimensions have implications on environment and social conditions of human life. This framework is being used as a tool to evaluate empirical data based on extensive survey conducted in Finland in the year 2001. The sample size was 2750 questionnaires of which 1176 were received back.
Collage city
Space is luxury : book of abstracts : [24th AESOP Annual Conference 2010, YTK, Aalto University, Finland, July 7-10 2010]
Unnatural selection : choosing boys over girls, and the consequences of a world full of men
Making future now : good practices in Finland
The future of planning
Building the public city : the politics, governance, and finance of public infrastructure
Towns, plans, and society in modern Britain
Communities and caring : the mixed economy of welfare
Critical essays in planning theory. 1, Foundations of the planning enterprise
Sperling and Gordon outline the problem in full and assign blame squarely where it belongs--on the auto-industry, short-sighted government policies, and consumers. They consider the issue from all angles and take up such topics as getting beyond the gas-guzzler monoculture, breaking Detroit's hold on energy and climate policy, the search for low-carbon fuels, California's pioneering role, and more. --  Promising advances in both transportation technology and fuel efficiency together with shifts in traveler behavior, they suggest, offer us a way out of our predicament. -- Ultimately, the authors contend that the two places that have the most troublesome emissions problems, California and China, are the most likely to become world leaders on these issues
Social policy and the city : papers from the 1993 Conference of the Social Policy Association
Aspects on the Development of Finnish Rural Commercial and Communal Centers; Case Study : A General Development Plan of the New Vääksy Commercial Center in Asikkala, Finland
Analyses of historical and future problems of sustainable development : research articles in spatial sustainability analysis, planning and evaluation
Making community design work : a guide for planners
Collaborative planning : shaping places in fragmented societies
Informatics and systems science applications for analysis and structural improvement of a municipal organization
Presents the first global assessment of slums, emphasizing their problems and prospects. This book presents estimates of the number of urban slum dwellers and examines the factors at all level, from local to global, that underlie the formation of slums as well as their social, spatial and economic characteristics and dynamics.
Rot bilong mipela : the politics of logging in East New Britain, Papua New Guinea
Frame reflection : toward the resolution of intractable policy controversies
Using mixed methods : frameworks for an integrated methodology
Introducing town planning
Planning theory
Space is luxury : 24th AESOP Annual Conference 2010, YTK, Aalto University, Finland, July 7-10, 2010 : program handbook
Doing justice : congregations and community organizing
Influence and participation in local planning : paper presented at ECPR workshop on local politics, Marstrand/Göteborg, Sweden, August 19th-24th, 1974
Journal of the American institute of planners
Journal of the American Planning Association
Creative spaces/ a toolkit for participatory urban design
The design charrette : ways to envision sustainable futures
Swedish planning : towards sustainable development
Environmental values in Finnish community planning
People attach commonly approved social values subjectively to landscape. These values vary spatially and can be studied in geographical context. In sustainable management of cultural landscapes, social values should be taken into account as professionally as the analysis of physical landscape features. This case study applies participatory and GIS techniques in the mapping and geographical analysis of social landscape values in a multifunctional cultural landscape in Zanzibar island, Tanzania. Social landscape data were collected with single-informant interviews using participatory GIS (PGIS) techniques. Four different social landscape values (subsistence, traditional, aesthetic and leisure) were mapped on an orthophotoimage individually by 149 informants. Data were spatially and statistically analysed to construct understanding of the community level patterns of the social landscape values. Results show geographical differences between individually and collectively held values in their distribution and clustering across the landscape. These patterns reflect local culture and its interpretation of different social landscape values. Results address the importance of local stakeholder participation when spatial planning and management of multifunctional cultural landscapes are realized. The paper discusses these management implication and methodological challenges of using participatory GIS techniques in studying cultural landscapes.
Enhancing the usability and availability of information infrastructure essential for securing the vital functions of society : final report
Reusing the industrial past by the Tammerkoski rapids : discussions on the value of industrial heritage
The ideologies of planning law
Cluster development and policy
Two billion cars : driving towards sustainability
Are women's ideas needed in the rural community development of the future?
Future of Value : how sustainability creates value through competitive differentiation
The revival of strategic spatial planning
Criteria for the spatial differentation of the EU-territory : geographical position : study programme on European spatial planning
Lahti as an urban laboratory for sustainable environment
Use of qualitative comparative analysis (QCA) in comparative law : comparison of the legal regulation of sustainable development in physical planning in Denmark and Finland
The well-connected community : a networking approach to community development
Finland : monograph on the human settlements situation and related trends and policies
The new urbanism : toward an architecture of community
Communicate or calculate : planning theory and social science concepts in a contingency perspective
