http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14803 philosophy of life
philosophy of life
Reconsidering Descarte's notion of the mind-body union
The living wisdom of Socrates
F**ck it : do what you love
The power of positive thinking
The gospel according to Coco Chanel  : life lessons from the world's most elegant woman
Manual of the warrior of light
The Sacred Kural or the Tamil Veda of Tiruvalluvar
Thinking of answers : questions in the philosophy of everyday life
The meaning of life in Hinduism and Buddhism
Creative visualization for dummies
Woody Allen and philosophy : you mean my whole fallacy is wrong?
A year of miracles : daily devotions and reflections
In Tears to Triumph, the author argues that we-as a culture and as individuals-have learned to avoid facing pain. By doing so, we are neglecting the spiritual work of healing. Instead of allowing ourselves to embrace our hurt, we numb it, medicate it, dismiss it, or otherwise divert our attention so that we never have to face it. In refusing to acknowledge our suffering, we actually prolong it and deny ourselves the opportunity for profound wisdom-ultimately limiting our personal growth and opportunity for enlightenment. Frozen by denial, we are left standing in the breech. Whole industries profit from this immobility, and while they have grown rich, we have become spiritually poorer. As Marianne makes clear, true healing and transcendence can only come when we finally face our pain and wrestle with what it has to teach us. Written with warm compassion and profound wisdom, Tears to Triumph offers us a powerful way forward through the pain, to a deeper awareness of our feelings, our lives, and our true selves.
The shogun's scroll : wield power and control your destiny
The dance of life
You are the universe : discovering your cosmic self and why it matters
Great thinkers on great questions
Mindfulness for dummies
Women in political theory
Escape everything!
Thus spoke Zarathustra
Peaceful warrior : the graphic novel
Tears to triumph : the spiritual journey from suffering to enlightenment
The goddess pose
The 50th law
F**k it is the answer
Sit down and shut up : punk rochcommentaries on Buddha, god, truth, sex, death and Dogen's Treasury of the right dharma eye
The fullness of the logos in the key of life. Book 2, Christo-logos : metaphysical rhapsodies of faith (Itinerarium mentis in deo)
The limits of thought : discussions
The Aristos
Family guy : guide to life
A good life : philosophy from cradle to grave
The meaningful life
The sacred Kural, or, The Tamil Veda of Tiruvalluvar
Becoming Wise : An Inquiry into the Mystery and Art of Living
Survival kit : how to reach ninety and make the most of it
Change your life with Feng Shui
Aristotle
Hand wash cold : care instructions for an ordinary life
A soprano on her head : right-side-up reflections on life and other performances
Developing intuition : practical guide for daily life
The Hindu view of life
Why our decisions don't matter
With the imagery of a poet and the reflection of a philosopher, David Whyte turns his attention to 52 ordinary words, each its own particular doorway into the underlying currents of human life. Beginning with Alone and closing with Work, each chapter is a meditation on meaning and context, an invitation to shift and broaden our perspectives on the inevitable vicissitudes of life: pain and joy, honesty and anger, confession and vulnerability, the experience of feeling besieged and the desire to run away from it all. Through this lens, procrastination may be a necessary ripening; hiding an act of freedom; and shyness the appropriate confusion and helplessness that accompanies the first stage of revelation. Consolations invites readers into a poetic and thoughtful consideration of words whose meaning and interpretation influence the paths we choose and the way we traverse them throughout our lives.
Life lessons from the monk who sold his Ferrari
Giving an account of oneself
The soul of a butterfly : reflections on life's journey
The happiness hypothesis : finding modern truth in ancient wisdom
Strategies of optimism : start today - make a better future for yourself
Being and nothingness : a phenomenological essay on ontology
Nonviolence to animals, earth, and self in Asian traditions
Meaning in life : the creation of value
The richer life
Mister Owita's guide to gardening : how I learned the unexpected joy of a green thumb and an open heart
The society of timid souls, or, how to be brave
The conquest of happiness
Lucid living : life is a dream and you can wake up
Fragments of reality : daily entries of lived life
Essays on contemporary events
Mortals and others. Volume 2 : American essays / edited, with notes, by Harry Ruja
A guide to the good life : the ancient art of stoic joy
Intentional living : choosing a life that matters
Mind at the end of its tether
10 good questions about life and death
Tirukkuṛaḷ of Tiruvaḷḷuvar : with English translation
The reason of things : applying philosophy in life
Great treasury of Western thought : a compendium of important statements on man and his institutions by the great thinkers in Western history
Wisdom of the ancients for today = Zhongguo gu dai ming ren ming yan
[Kierkegaard's writings]. [6], Fear and trembling ; Repetition
Simple abundance : a daybook of comfort and joy
The five great philosophies of life
Every time I find the meaning of life, they change it : wisdom of the great philosophers on how to live
Tools of titans : the tactics, routines, and habits of billionaires, icons, and world-class performers
Offers a "bible" for success in life and work that advocates living by one simple principle: fear nothing
In this book, that combines cutting edge science with real world applications, Chopra and Kafatos redefine our nature of reality and what is possible. Here they ask 9 questions: What Came Before the Big Bang? Why Does the Universe Fit Together So Perfectly? Where Did Time Come From? What Is the Universe Made Of? Is There Design in the Universe? Is the Quantum World Linked to Everyday Life? Do We Live in a Conscious Universe? How Did Life First Begin? Does the brain create the mind? You Are The Universe offers answers that open up new possibilities for all of us to lead more fruitful, peaceful and successful lives.
Happy : secrets to happiness from the cultures of the world
You are the Universe : discovering your cosmic self and why it matters
Changing course : inspiration, ideas and insights for starting again from the CEO who became a caddie
Soliloquies of a hermit
Life is a gift : the zen of Bennett
Shaking hands with death
Questions for the Dalai Lama : answers on love, success, happiness & the meaning of life
Shakti mantras : Tapping into the Great Goddess Energy Within
Understanding ourselves
Book of chaos and harmony : get organized without stress
The hidden pleasures of life : a new way of remembering the past and imagining the future
Lamentations over the disarray and disorientation in the philosophical quest may be heard from all sides today. The horizon of the All no longer beacons, for our hope of attaining it seems ever to recede. Yet, challenging the mistrust of reason that pursuit is precisely engaged in what is undertaken here. Our forty-year elaboration of the ontopoiesis/phenomenology of life as first philosophy/phenomenology in its unravelling of the metamorphic deployment of the logos of life has laid the foundations for the retrieval of the metaphysical vision. Here the classic concerns of philosophy are not negligently dismissed but are ciphered afresh in the light of innumerable perspectives and insights brought to philosophical attention in a new enlightenment by advances in the sciences of life and of human apprehension.Strikingly enough pursuit of the greatest enigma of all, namely, that of the All enhancing Divine, is revived in the revelation that the logos informing life is the Fullness of God. In the Fullness being revealed in the infinite intricacies of the operations of the Logos of Life, we find the plenitude of God's experiencing man. In times when the prevailing critique of reason casts aspersions on the quest for God through reason, the full revelation of the logos brings to the entire human experience the infinities of God.
Consumption and everyday life
Philosophy in society : papers presented to the sixth international conference on philosophy in practice, Oslo, Norway 2001
The antidote : happiness for people who can't stand positive thinking
The good life : 30 steps to perfecting the art of living
The fifth agreement  : a practical guide to self-mastery
Walden, or, life in the woods ; and On the duty of civil disobedience
The toils of understanding : an essay on The present age
After essentially contested concepts
The moneyless man
Northrop Frye and American fiction
The path : a new way to think about everything
Dead white guys : a father, his daughter and the great books of the Western World
Travels with Epicurus : meditations from a Greek island on the pleasures of old age
His Holiness the Dalai Lama : infinite compassion for an imperfect world
The soul of leadership : unlocking your potential for greatness
Burnt toast : and other philosophies of life
Becoming human
The age of absurdity : why modern life makes it hard to be happy
Breakfast with Socrates : the philosophy of everyday life
The trouble with being born
Meditations
The best things in life : a guide to what really matters
The art of stillness : adventures in going nowhere
I wish I could believe in meaning and purpose
The fullness of the logos in the key of life. Book 1, Case of God in the new enlightenment
The spiritual teaching of Ramana Maharshi
Before the storm
Freedom from the known
The prophet & The wanderer
Why we need love
Wittgenstein and the human form of life
Fuck it : the ultimate spiritual way
All you ever wanted to know about happiness, life and living : the Dalai Lama on happiness, life, living, and much more : conversations with Rajiv Mehrotra
Discover your destiny with the monk who sold his Ferrari : the 7 stages of self-awakening
The conduct of life
Hinduism : doctrine and way of life
Chinese philosophy on life
"In this book, that combines cutting edge science with real world applications, Chopra and Kafatos redefine our nature of reality and what is possible. Here they ask 9 questions : What Came Before the Big Bang? Why Does the Universe Fit Together So Perfectly? Where Did Time Come From? What Is the Universe Made Of? Is There Design in the Universe? Is the Quantum World Linked to Everyday Life? Do We Live in a Conscious Universe? How Did Life First Begin? Does the brain create the mind? You Are The Universe offers answers that open up new possibilities for all of us to lead more fruitful, peaceful and successful lives."
Selected essays
The meditations of Marcus Aurelius : spiritual teachings and reflections : selections annotated & explained
South Park guide to life
When everything changes, change everything : in a time of turmoil, a pathway to peace
The secrets of life
The art of living : the Stoics on the nature and function of philosophy
I Ching, The classic of changes : a new translation of the I Ching as interpreted by Wang Bi
Obscenity, anarchy, reality
SUMO (Shut up, move on) : the straight-talking guide to creating and enjoying a brilliant life
The meaning of life : insights of the world's great thinkers
The importance of living
Hygge : the Danish art of happiness
Fear : essential wisdom for getting through the storm
What do we really know? : the big questions of philosophy
Where there is light : insight and inspiration for meeting life's challenges : selections from the teachings
Either/or. Vol. 1
The Dude and the Zen master
How to stop worrying and start living
The good book : a secular Bible
Pilgrim at Tinker Creek
Chinese poems and pictures on Ahimsā
America's coach : life lessons & wisdom for gold medal success ; a biographical journey of the late hockey icon Herb Brooks
Consolations : the solace, nourishment and underlying meaning of everday words
Legends of the samurai
The philosopher's beach book
Epictetus : a stoic and socratic guide to life
Walden and civil disobedience
Don't give up, don't give in : lessons from an extraordinary man
Freedom, fame, lying and betrayal : essays on everyday life
For business ethics : a critical approach
The future of humanity : conversations with Dr. David Bohm
How to be normal : a guide for the perplexed
Possible worlds : the idea of happiness in the utopian vision of Louis-Sébastien Mercier
Bushido : the soul of Japan
Training the samurai mind : a bushido sourcebook
Getting to know Confucius : A new translation of the Analects
The seven spiritual laws of yoga : a practical guide to healing body, mind, and spirit
Have a nicer day : 61 certain ways (and some uncertain ones) of achieving a better life)
Where the bird sings best
Death
The wisdom of the Shire : a short guide to a long and happy life
The prophet
Resilience : how to cope when everything around you keeps changing
