http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14840 fantasy literature
fantasy literature
The hobbit, or, There and back again
Men at arms
Kender, Gully Dwarves and Gnomes
The path of daggers
Servant of the empire
Undeadly : the reaper diaries
The plague dogs
Castle of wizardry
The golem and the jinni
Battle of the beasts
The world of ice & fire : the untold history of Westeros and the Game of Thrones
Forest of ruin
At the gates of darkness
Red Queen
The son of Sobek : Percy Jackson & Kane Chronicles crossover
Daughter of the empire. The Empire trilogy ; 1
Harry Potter and the deathly hallows
Kisses from hell
Neverfall : an Everneath novella
The last wish
Uninvited. Book 1
The amber spyglass
The Ultimate Harry Potter and philosophy : Hogwarts for Muggles
The mark of the dragonfly
The diamond throne
Hollow City : the second novel of Miss Peregrine's peculiar children
The silmarillion
Hidden : a firelight novel
Fool's assassin
The house of Hades
Into the still blue. Book 3, Under the Never Sky
The shadow cats
Defiance. Book 1
The iron warrior
The Golem's eye
The sea devil's eye
The iron daughter
Through the ever night
Cruel beauty
Empire of night
Once
Mistress of the empire
Harry Potter and the chamber of secrets
Mistress of the empire. The Empire trilogy ; 3
Trigger warning : short fictions and disturbances
Love and war
Gardens of the moon : a tale of the Malazan book of the fallen
Girl who never was
The younger gods
The children's crusade
The Patchwork Girl of Oz
Pyramids : (the book of going forth)
Well of darkness
The eye of the world
Every boy should have a man
The program
The sapphire rose
Dorothy and the wizard in Oz. [4]
Mortal heart
Dragonkeeper 2 : Garden of the purple dragon
Beyond the wall : exploring George R. R. Martin's A song of ice and fire, from A game of thrones to A dance with dragons
The view from the cheap seats : a collection of introductions, essays, and assorted writings
Etched in bone : a novel of the others
New spring : a wheel of time novel
Snow like ashes
The blood of Olympus
Mind games
Mitosis : a Reckoners story
Dreams and shadows : a novel
The Broken kings : Book 3 of the Merlin Codex
The Lord of the rings. 1, The fellowship of the ring
The heroes
Princess of the Silver Woods
The subtle knife
The dragon reborn
The Awakening
The last hero : a Discworld fable
Percy Jackson and the olympians. Books I-III, Collecting The Lightning Thief, The Sea of Monsters, and The Titans' Curse
City of heavenly fire
Winter's passage
Polgara the sorceress
Lord of chaos
Wrath of a mad god
Malice : book one of The faithful and the fallen
The soldier son trilogy. 2, Forest mage
Harry Potter and the goblet of fire
The crown of embers
A march of kings
Princess of the Midnight Ball
The winter king : a novel of Arthur
Ruin and rising
Servant of the empire. The Empire trilogy ; 2
Daughter of the empire
If I should die
Everneath
The Bees : a novel
The iron queen
Key of valour
Glass sword
The story of Kullervo
Narn i chîn Húrin : the tale of the children of Húrin
The redemption of Althalus
Uprooted
Ship of destiny
Percy Jackson and the greek heroes : Percy Jackson's greek myths
Sea of shadows
The book of lost tales. Part I
The fellowship of the ring
Queen of Fire : a Raven's shadow novel
The wonderful wizard of Oz. [1]
Haunted : the riveting sequel to Dreaming Anastasia
Steelheart
"An enthralling collection of nonfiction essays on a myriad of topics--from art and artists to dreams, myths, and memories--observed in #1 New York Times bestselling author Neil Gaiman's probing, amusing, and distinctive style. An inquisitive observer, thoughtful commentator, and assiduous craftsman, Neil Gaiman has long been celebrated for the sharp intellect and startling imagination that informs his bestselling fiction. Now, The View from the Cheap Seats brings together for the first time ever more than sixty pieces of his outstanding nonfiction. Analytical yet playful, erudite yet accessible, this cornucopia explores a broad range of interests and topics, including (but not limited to): authors past and present; music; storytelling; comics; bookshops; travel; fairy tales; America; inspiration; libraries; ghosts; and the title piece, at turns touching and self-deprecating, which recounts the author's experiences at the 2010 Academy Awards in Hollywood. Insightful, incisive, witty, and wise, The View from the Cheap Seats explores the issues and subjects that matter most to Neil Gaiman--offering a glimpse into the head and heart of one of the most acclaimed, beloved, and influential artists of our time"--
The amulet of Samarkand
Nothing but shadows : Shadowhunters
Harry Potter and the challenges of translation : treatment of personal names in the Finnish and German translations of the three first Harry Potter books by J. K. Rowling
The iron king
The lost prince
The soldier son trilogy. 3, Renegade's magic
Die once more : a die for me novella
The ruby knight
The last continent
The wee free men : a story of Discworld
A quest of heroes
The hobbit and philosophy : for when you've lost your dwarves, your wizard and your way
Deception. Book 2
Crossroads of twilight
Specials
the Clan Corporate : Book three of the merchant princes
The ring of Solomon
The orphan's tales. Vol. I : In the night garden
The Dedalus book of British fantasy : the 19th century
The Summoning
The bitter kingdom
The serpent mage
Iron's prophecy
The lord of the rings
Eight days of Luke
The great hunt
Conservation of shadows
The inheritance : [an anthology of tales from the Six Duchies and beyond]
A feast of dragons
Tangled webs
Celtica : Book 1 of the Merlin Codex
Queen of sorcery
New cthulhu : the recent weird
A feast of ice and fire : the official companion cookbook
Life after theft
Hawk : a new novel of Vlad Taltos
The circle
the Iron grail : Book 2 of the Merlin Codex
The war amongst the angels : a sequel to Blood and Fabulous harbours : an autobiographical story
The infinity concerto
Deadhouse gates
The marvelous land of Oz. [2]
Contemporary British society in the magic world of J. K. Rowling's Harry Potter books
North star guide me home : Children of the black sun. Book three
Ptolemy's gate
A crown of swords
The ice dragon
The iron knight
Other worlds
Guardians of the lost
The Earthsea quartet
The book of lost tales. Part II
The Hobbit or there and back again
The fires of heaven
Unexpected magic : collected stories
Conan the unconquered
Grave Mercy
the Family trade : Book one of the merchant princes
The road to Oz
The iron traitor
Sword of destiny
Interesting times
Tales from Watership Down
Shards and ashes
Shaking hands with death
The invitation
The shadow rising
Roar and Liv : an under the never sky story
Tales from the perilous realm
Journey into the void
Perfect lies
Empire in black and gold
The Staff of Serapis : Percy Jackson & Kane Chronicles crossover
Graceling
Everbound : an Everneath novel
The truth
Writing down the bones : freeing the writer within
The girl of fire and thorns
The reckoning
the Hidden family : Book two of the merchant princes
The ocean at the end of the lane : a novel
Princess of Glass
The Emerald City of Oz
Red Queen : novella #1
A dance with dragons
A shiver of light
The sapphire rose (the elenium 3)
Finnish Weird
