http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14820 Maastricht Treaty
Maastricht Treaty
France and Germany at Maastricht : politics and negotiations to create the European Union
Denmark and the European Union
External relations of the European Union : legal and constitutional foundations
European consumer policy after Maastricht
EU employment law : from Rome to Amsterdam and beyond
National constitutions in the era of integration
Intergovernmental conference on the revision of the treaties : Irish presidency : collected texts
Constitution building in the European Union : the process of treaty reforms
Free movement of persons within the European Community
Fragmentation in the European Union and the enhanced cooperation mechanism - can it be abused?
Consolidated versions of the treaty on European Union and of the treaty establishing the European Community
European union : selected instruments taken from the treaties. Book 1, vol. 1
Towards European Union
The future of Europe
From single market to European union
Treaty on European Union
Collected courses of the Academy of European Law = Recueil des cours de l'Académie de droit européen : 1993. Vol. 4, book 1, European Community law
Revision of Maastricht : implementation and proposals for reform : a survey of national views
Reforming the Treaty on European Union : the legal debate
Ratification of the Treaty on European Union : preparations. Vol. 15, United Kingdom
European Union and European Community : a handbook and commentary on the post-Maastricht treaties
Basic Community laws
The period after Maastricht : the major challenges facing Europe - the role of the European Parliament
EMU after Maastricht : transition or revolution?
The choice for Europe : social purpose and state power from Messina to Maastricht
The United States of Europe
Collected courses of the Academy of European Law = Recueil des cours de l'Académie de droit européen : 1994. Vol. 5, book 1, European community law
Key texts on justice and home affairs in the European Union. Volume 1, 1976-1993. From Trevi to Maastricht : 60 reports and documents on policing, immigration and asylum, Ad Hoc Group on Immigration, legal cooperation, the Trevi group and "acquis", the Schengen Agreement and "acquis"
Ratification of the Treaty on European Union : preparations. Vol. 9, Ireland
Intergovernmental conference 1996 : Commission report for the Reflection Group
European Communities (Amendment) Act 1993 with the Treaty of Rome (as amended)
The Community legal order
The intergovernmental conference on political union : institutional reforms, new policies and international identity of the European Community
Amendment of the treaties
European Community : the building of a union
Securitizing immigration: the politics of risk in the EU
1992: a pivotal year : address by Jacques Delors, president of the Commission, to the European Parliament : From the Single Act to Maastricht and beyond: the means to match our ambitions : The Commission's programme for 1992
Maastricht : the Treaty on European Union, the position of the European Parliament
The European Central Bank : institutional aspects
The new intergovernmentalism : states and supranational actors in the post-maastricht era
Consolidated treaties
Ratification of the Treaty on European Union : preparations = Ratification du traité sur l'Union européenne: travaux préparatoires = Ratificatie van het Verdrag betreffende de Europese Unie: Voorstukken. Vol. 1, Belgique/België I
The construction of Europe : essays in honour of Emile Noël
Legal issues of the Maastricht treaty
Women's rights and the Maastricht Treaty on European Union
Report of the Council on the functioning of the Treaty on European Union
Does Europe need a constitution?
One currency for one Europe : the road to the euro
The Maastricht treaty on European Union : legal complexity and political dynamic
The third pillar of the European Union : cooperation in the fields of justice and home affairs
Economic and monetary union in Europe : moving beyond Maastricht
The road to monetary union in Europe : the emperor, the kings, and the genies
European Union law. Volume 1, Law and EU government
Immigration and European integration : towards fortress Europe?
European foreign policy
The foundations of European Community law : an introduction to the constitutional and administrative law of the European Community
European Community law on the free movement of capital and the EMU
E.C. treaty and environmental law
The road to Maastricht : negotiating economic and monetary union
The ratification of the Maastricht treaty : issues, debates and future implications
The European Parliament
30 years of European monetary integration from the Werner plan to EMU
Accountability of the ECB and a government's incentives to rebel against the common monetary policy in EMU
European economic integration : the common market, European Union and beyond
Blackstone's EC legislation
European community : the building of a union
Fördrag om Europeiska unionen = Treaty on European Union = Traité sur l'Union européenne = Vertrag über die Europäische Union
The European Union with or without a constitution : a response to citizens ́ questions
General Principles of EC law
The Rome, Maastricht and Amsterdam treaties : the Treaty of European union (The Treaty of Rome) and The Treaty of Establishing the European Union (The Treaty of Maastricht) amended by The Treaty of Amsterdam - comparative texts
Maastricht and beyond : building the European Union
The dynamics of European integration : why and when EU institutions matter
Differentiation in European Union law
The new practical guide to the EU labyrinth : understanding the European institutions structures, powers, procedures through examples, diagrams, summaries
The Rome, Maastricht, Amsterdam and Nice treaties : the Treaty on European Union and the Treaty establishing the European Community amended by the Treaty of Nice : comparative texts
Europe after Maastricht : an ever closer union?
Collected courses of the Academy of European Law = Recueil des cours de l'Académie de droit européen : 1992. Vol. 3, book 1, European Community law
User's guide to the ECU
Reviewing Maastricht, issues for the 1996 IGC : seminar series organised by the Centre for European Legal Studies, Cambridge
The treaty of Maastricht from conception to ratification : a comprehensive reference guide
A decade beyond Maastricht : the European social dialogue revisited
Making the EMU : the politics of budgetary surveillance and the enforcement of Maastricht
European Union : selected instruments taken from the treaties. Book 1 : vol. 1
Central Bank to the European Union : European Monetary Institute, European System of Central Banks, European Central Bank : structures, tasks and functions
European Community law : an introduction
