http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14850 air frost
air frost
Abstract: The ecology of the cloudberry (Rubus chamaemorus) is shortly reviewed, especially paying attention to the reproduction and to the damages caused by Galerucella nymphaeae. Figures are given indicating the maximum yield in natural conditions, and the economic importance of this berry is stressed...
Cultivation of cloudberry in Fennoscandia
Multifrequency EM measurements near conductive orebodies
Trophic interactions of invase forest herbivores and consequences for the resident ecosystem
Injuries to conifer seedlings caused by simulated summer frost and winter desiccation
Testing of frost hardiness models for Pinus sylvestris in natural conditions and in elevated temperature
Control of winter dormancy and budburst in Betula pendula and B. pubescens ecotypes = Regulering av vinterhvile og løvsprett i Betula pendula og B. pubescens økotyper
The role of summer frost and Lygus feeding in the induction of growth disturbances in Scots pine seedlings
Genetic variation in resistance of silver birch to biotic and abiotic stress
Effects of pedo-climatic conditions on the degradation of glyphosate : soil microbial activity and glyphosate mineralization at low temperatures and during frost events
Molecular responses to abiotic stress in Arabidopsis thaliana
Climatic pecularities of the North Calotte
This paper quantifies the spring wheat yield conditional on temperature- and rainfall-based weather indices in Finland. The estimating equations are standardized and simplified so that they provide information for designing tradable contracts. A simple basket of weather indices, consisting of growing degree days, night frost and rainfall measures, has the potential to hedge about 38% of the wheat grower yield risk, with the remaining 62% being left as uninsured basis risk. Our results have several important implications for the design of simple and tractable weather index-based insurance contracts. The data suggest that the marginal products of weather events have a large variation across time and they are the most significant within certain critical time periods. Therefore, the weather events triggering the indemnity payments should be bounded within certain critical time regimes over their distribution along the growing season.
The first spy museum in the world
Armastuse, mitte raha pärast : Tallinna XV Graafikatriennaal = For love not money : the 15th Tallinn Print Triennial, [20.1. - 8.5.2011] / [kataloogi koostaja = editor of the catalogue Simon Rees ; kataloogi toimetaja = co-editor of the catalogue Eva Näripea]
The geology and zinc-copper deposits of the Pyhäsalmi-Pielavesi district, Finland
Predicting the yield of spring wheat by weather indices in Finland : implications for designing weather index insurances
Frost protection : fundamentals, practice, and economics. Volume 2
Summary.
Frost resistance during shoot elongation in Picea abies (L.) Karst. seedlings in relation to the growth environment of the previous growing period
Interactions between near-ground temperature and radiation, silvicultural treatments and frost damage to Norway spruce seedlings. Ola Langvall
Late termination of freezer storage increases the risk of autumn frost damage to Norway spruce seedlings
Tectono-metamorphic evolution of the Hallaperä pyrrhotite-pyrite ore deposit, Central Finland
Trophic interactions of invasive forest herbivores and consequences for the resident ecosystem
Frost protection : fundamentals, practice, and economics. Volume 1
Factors affecting panicle production of cocksfoot (Dactylis glomerata L.) in Finland : 4. Response to frost at panicle growth phase
Trophic interactions and cyclic population dynamics of the autumnal moth : the importance of hymenopteran parasitoids
Predicting the risk of frost occurrence after budburst of Norway spruce in Sweden
Kuvan kevät : Kuvataideakatemian lopputyönäyttely = [the degree show of the Finnish Academy of Fine Arts : Kuvataideakatemia, Kaiku-galleria, Helsinki : Kuvataideakatemian galleria, Helsinki : Galleria FAFA, Helsinki], 11.5. - 3.6.2012 / [työryhmä: Anni Anttonen ... [et al.]]
Mustila Arboretum as a centre for introducing and breeding shrubs and trees : proceedings of the 90th Anniversary Jubilee Symposium of Mustila Arboretum, Moisio Manor 19-21 August 1992.
