http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14804 stress management
stress management
Mindfulness at work : turn your job into a gateway to joy, contentment and stress-free living
Wear your life well : use what you have to get what you want
Sane new world : taming the mind
Making decisions under stress : implications for individual and team training
The worry cure : stop worrying and start living
Mindfulness : clear mind's exercise programme for accepting presence and mindfulness®
Research on work-related stress
Well-being : productivity and happiness at work
Sane new world : how to tame the mind
Stress and health : Research and clinical applications
How to deal with stress
The New toughness training for sports : mental, emotional, and physical conditioning from one of the world's premier sports psychologists
Complete detox workbook : 2-day, 9-day and 30-day makeovers to cleanse and revitalize your life
Conquer study stress! : 20 problems solved
Stress at work : stress management
Abstract.
Mindful relationships : creating genuine connection with ourselves and others
Stress and emotion : a new synthesis
Yoga basics : stretches to tone, energize and de-stress
"In today's perfectionistic culture, pregnant women are expected to be boundlessly optimistic and literally glowing with happiness. What often go unacknowledged are the physical and emotional challenges of pregnancy. This book offers strategies and solutions for confronting and relieving the stress of pregnancy. Think about some of the words so commonly used to describe a pregnant woman: "radiant," "glowing," "serene." But even for women who are thrilled to be having a baby, pregnancy can also be a difficult time filled with ambivalence, anxiety, and moodiness. Women who are typically accustomed to having complete control over their bodies endure waves of morning sickness, discomfort with their expanding belly, exhaustion, and anxiety about the impact a baby will have on their career, relationships, and freedom. Many pregnant women feel guilty about the challenging emotions; they face enormous societal pressure to be ecstatic about impending motherhood and wonder what is wrong with them when they don't feel the happiness they think they should be experiencing. Research shows that excessive stress during pregnancy is associated with premature birth and low birth weight. But relief does not come in the form of a pill--antidepressants have the potential to cause pregnancy complications and lifelong harm to unborn babies. Finding Calm for the Expectant Mom presents a seven-step program that shows women what they can do to feel happier, calmer, and less stressed in a safe and natural way. With the tools and problem-solving techniques presented here, women can adjust their expectations, restructure negative thought patterns, cultivate resiliency, and become better prepared to take on the role of motherhood"--
The yoga lifestyle : using the flexitarian method to ease stress, find balance and create a healthy life
This book will make you mindful
Performing under pressure : the science of doing your best when it matters most
The highly sensitive person : how to thrive when the world overwhelms you
Living with the enemy : coping with the stress of chronic illness using CBT, mindfulness and acceptance
Meditation and relaxation
Mindfulness for beginners : reclaiming the present moment - and your life
COPING WITH ILLNESS & SPECIFIC CONDITIONS. 'A week after my 50th birthday and just as our family was about to move home, something happened that changed the way I looked at life. I spoke to others about how they rebuilt their shattered worlds after very different personal traumas, emerging stronger than before. I hope our experiences, together with the latest science on resilience, will help guide all those going through tough times. This book says that it's possible not just to survive them, but to thrive. To rise.' Renowned as a much-loved and highly respected journalist and broadcaster with thirty years' experience, Sian Williams has studied the impact of acute stress for many years and is also a trained trauma assessor. In RISE, she explores the science of resilience and growth after trauma, offers advice from the experts, and learns from those who have emerged from horrific experiences, feeling changed yet stronger, with a new perspective on their life, their relationships and their work.
Mindfulness for dummies
Caring for a loved one with dementia : a mindfulness-based guide for reducing stress and making the best of your journey together
SuperBetter : a revolutionary approach to getting stronger, happier, braver, and more resilient*
Meditation : simple routines for home, work & travel
Has the developing world developed modern concepts of stress? Are coping methods the same around the globe? Such questions are not simple to answer, and until recently, few knew to ask them. In recent years, Western psychologists have recognized that their prevailing views of psychology do not always translate worldwide, and that no culture has a monopoly on either stress or coping. "The Handbook of Multicultural Perspectives on Stress and Coping" was created to address this realization. This unique volume moves beyond simple comparisons of behaviors in other countries by clarifying critical concepts in stress and coping, analyzing and synthesizing vast amounts of global data, and identifying constructs and methodologies necessary for meaningful cross-cultural research. An international, multiethnic panel of forty-five contributors presents elegant studies of stress, survival, and resilience as cultures evolve and countries interact, including: personal transformation as a coping strategy; psychological skills that enhance intercultural adjustment; individual versus collectivist values in coping; and Buddhist and Taoist traditions in coping. It provides details about the cumulative effects of historical, environmental, and political stressors on nations in the Middle East - Specific cross-cultural perspectives, from Latino-American families to Canadian aboriginal peoples to minority university students. The editors have assembled a vital store of knowledge, raising crucial implications for clinicians working with immigrant/international populations, and evaluating the current state of theory, research, and assessment. The Handbook documents major steps toward scientific advancement, and human understanding.
Creating a stress-free office
Sane : how I shaped up my mind, improved my mental strength and found calm
"Meditation changed my life" : A study of experiences of Finnish meditation practitioners in Tampere
A mom's guide to home organization : simple solutions to control clutter, schedules and stress
Goop clean beauty
The urban monk : Eastern wisdom and modern hacks to stop time and find success, happiness, and peace
Psychic protection : creating positive energies for people and places
Real life : preparing for the 7 most challenging days of your life
Stress management : a self-development programme : the essential guide to thinking and working smarter
Roark's formulas for stress and strain
Busy : how to thrive in a world of too much
How to relax
Sense of coherence as a buffer against crisis management veteran's stress
The mind gym : wake your mind up
Urban mindfulness : cultivating peace, presence & purpose in the middle of it all
Coping with stress : effective people and processes
Stress relief : simple routines for home, work & travel
Thriving on stress : How to manage pressures and transform your life
Full catastrophe living : how to cope with stress, pain, and illness using minfullness meditation
The space [within] : finding your way back home
101 ways to live well : mindfulness, yoga and nutrition tips for busy people
Teachers managing stress and preventing burnout : the professional health solution
Miracles now : 108 life-changing tools for less stress, more flow and finding your true purpose
The inside-out revolution : the only thing you need to know to change your life forever
Mindfulness at work for dummies
The mindfulness journal : exercises to help you find peace and calm wherever you are
Journey into mindfulness : [gentle ways to let go of stress and live in the moment]
Feel happy now : small changes that make a huge difference
Smart actors, foolish choices : a self-help guide to coping with the emotional stresses of the business : Katherine Mayfield
A compassionate effective mindfulness-based dementia care (MBDC) guide to help you reduce stress, stay balanced, and bring ease into your interactions with the person with dementia." "Mindfulness is 'paying attention [to yourself as well as your patient] in a particular way: on purpose, in the present moment, and non-judgmentally.
Stress free in 30 days
Stress management : a wellness approach
Teaching mindfulness : a practical guide for clinicians and educators
A behavioral intervention for mothers of colicky infants
No stress today with PSYCH-K : how to transform stress into vitality, peace and a stress-free fulfilling life
Calm : calm the mind, change the world
The art of concentration : enhance focus, reduce stress and achieve more
The one thing : the surprisingly simple truth behind extraordinary results
Parenting your stressed child : 10 mindfulness-based stress reduction practices to help your child manage stress and build essential life skills
Mindfulness pocketbook : little exercises for a calmer life
The brain warrior's way : ignite your energy and focus, attack illness and aging, transform pain into purpose
Revive! : end exhaustion and feel great again
How to meditate
Managing stress : principles and strategies for health and well-being
Stress, appraisal, and coping
Seasonal psychophysiological stress of teachers related to age and aerobic fitness
The monk who sold his Ferrari : a fable about fulfilling our dreams and reaching your destiny
The inside-out revolution: the only thing you need to know to change your life forever
Mind over medicine : scientific proof you can heal yourself
Using psychology in the classroom
This book offers practical tools based on the most efficient practices of yoga and Ayurveda mixed with contemporary diet and lifestyle practices to help the modern yogi live a balanced life of health and happiness. It's all about bringing the experience of yoga on the mat onto all levels of life and draws not only from classical Ayurveda but also from holistic nutrition and a modern approach to yoga. Doron introduces the concept of the flexitarian. The book looks at the flexitarian diet and expands upon those principles to create an entire flexitarian lifestyle. Create the best life possible without the stress and choose the healthiest life options for you according to your needs.
Behavioural prevention of stress
Psychological stress and the coping process
The little book of stress relief
Offers techniques to stop and recharge, change thinking patterns, use meditation to focus and de-stress, and use the peace that comes from the resulting calmness to make key changes in your life and the world.
Book of chaos and harmony : get organized without stress
How enlightement change your brain : the new science of transformation
Developing management skills for Europe
Organisational behaviour for dummies
Mindfulness for health : a practical guide to relieving pain, reducing stress and restoring wellbeing
Beyond willpower : the secret principle to achieving success in life, love, and happiness
♯Now : the surprising truth about the power of now
Treatment of stress response syndromes
Essentialism : the disciplined pursuit of less
Managing stress with qigong
How to do everything and still have time for yourself
The mind gym : give me time
The mindful manifesto : how doing less and noticing more can help us thrive in a stressed-out world
Buddhism for parents on the go : gems to minimise stress
Growing up mindful : essential practices to help children, teens, and families find balance, calm, and resilience
Massage basics
Life-changing magic of not giving a f**k : how to stop spending time you don't have with people you don't like doing things you don't want to do
The happiness track : how to apply the science of happiness to accelerate your success
50 things you can do today to manage stress
10% happier : how I tamed the voice in my head, reduced stress without losing my edge, and found self-help that actually works : a true story
Overcoming anxiety, stress and panic : a five areas approach
Tactile touch in intensive care : nurses' preparation, patients' experiences and the effect on stress parameters
Rise : a psychological and practical first-aid kit for overcoming adversity
Mindful parenting : find peace and joy through stress-free, conscious parenting
Thrive : the vegan nutrition guide to optimal performance in sports and life
The relaxation & stress reduction : workbook
Handbook of multicultural perspectives on stress and coping
The pressure principle : handle stress, harness energy, and perform when it counts
Miracles now : 108 life-changing tools for less stress, more flow, and finding your true purpose
Occupational stress and effective coping strategies in nursing
The psychology of humor at work
Employee worktime control and health
Eliminating stress, finding inner peace
The life-changing magic of not giving a f**k : how to stop spending time you don't have doing things you don't want to do with people you don't like
Learn to meditate : find deep relaxation, relieve stress and anxiety enhance creativity
Coming to our senses : healing ourselves and the world through mindfulness
The wellness syndrome
Teach yourself : managing stress
Addicted to stress : a woman's 7-step program to reclaim joy and spontaneity in life
A mindfulness guide for the frazzled
Humor as survival training for a stressed-out world : the 7 humor habits program
How to stop worrying and start living
Guides for stress coping during clinical training for international degree nursing students
Meditation for dummies
The big book of stress-relief games : quick, fun activities for feeling better at work
High levels of psychological well-being amongst employees translate into good news for the organization, including lower sickness-absence levels, attraction and retention of talented people, and more satisfied customers, clients, or service users. People with higher levels of psychological well-being work better, live longer and have happier lives. Engagement and well-being can sustain each other and lead to a healthier and more productive organization, a win-win for employees and employers.
Executive summary (s. 9-20).
Finding calm for the expectant mom : tools for reducing stress, anxiety, and mood swings during your pregnancy
The highly sensitive person's survival guide : essential skills for living well in an overstimulating world
The happiness trap : based on ACT : revolutionary mindfulness-based programme for overcoming stress, anxiety and depression
The reissue of a classic work, now with a foreword by Daniel Goleman Here is a monumental work that continues in the tradition pioneered by co-author Richard Lazarus in his classic book "Psychological Stress and the Coping Process," Dr. Lazarus and his collaborator, Dr. Susan Folkman, present here a detailed theory of psychological stress, building on the concepts of cognitive appraisal and coping which have become major themes of theory and investigation. As an integrative theoretical analysis, this volume pulls together two decades of research and thought on issues in behavioral medicine, emotion, stress management, treatment, and life span development. A selective review of the most pertinent literature is included in each chapter. The total reference listing for the book extends to 60 pages. This work is necessarily multidisciplinary, reflecting the many dimensions of stress-related problems and their situation within a complex social context. While the emphasis is on psychological aspects of stress, the book is oriented towards professionals in various disciplines, as well as advanced students and educated laypersons. The intended audience ranges from psychiatrists, clinical psychologists, nurses, and social workers to sociologists, anthropologists, medical researchers, and physiologists.
While many adults now understand how mindfulness practice helps us alleviate the stress and anxiety of our busy modern lives, getting a typical teenager on board is another story. Dr. Christopher Willard draws on his work with hundreds of young children, tweens, and teens - along with countless hours training parents, teachers, and other counselors - to make the principles and practices of mindfulness accessible, entertaining, and cool for people of all ages and interests. Features dozens of exercises to incorporate mindfulness into daily life (in class, extracurricular activities, among peers), specific meditations and movement practices, compassion training, and more.
The healthy home
Stress management : the essential guide to thinking and working smarter
Mindfulness in eight weeks : the revolutionary eight-week plan to clear your mind and calm your life
Stress has been experienced since ancient times, but it has never been worse than it is here in the early 21st century. Nowadays stress is responsible for more than fifty percent of all illness. Despite this fact, the phenomenon of stress still hasn't been that deeply studied.  Contemporary society has to deal with the relatively new concept of -workplace stress more and more often. In order to answer the questions as to: -Why? and -What to do? the problem of stress should be looked at in depth at individual workplaces. Only after this is done an appropriate and specific stress management programme can be created. The purpose of this present study is to determine the main reasons for and consequences of stress at work, and to find the most effective ways of preventing it and coping with it. The research also analyzes the overall current situation of stress at work and takes a look at some historical facts related to the origins of stress. People from different age groups, working spheres and cultures were invited for the interview during the year 2009, in order to get more information and practical examples from real life situations.  Since there wasn't really any specific research found on this topic, my study will be potentially quite useful to companies, especially in the success of their overall development. This research can be also presented to students in order to prepare them for the challenging working life which awaits them.
Stress : exercise plans to improve your life
Stress management : increasing your stress resistance
Background: Mothers caring for an infant with unexplained, excessive crying, or infant colic, can experience overwhelming stress. Colic affects approximately 10-20% of all healthy newborns and typically manifests in the post-partum period. It is the most common complaint of pediatric health care providers in the first three months of life. Currently, the literature lacks a clear and effective intervention to improve colic symptoms. Mothers must cope with the challenges of caring for a colicky infant until symptoms remit. Aims: The specific aim of this study is to assess the effectiveness of a behavioral intervention, The Happiest Baby on the Block, in reducing mother's stress and improving mother-to-infant bonding.^ Methods: A randomized controlled trial was conducted with initially thirteen mothers. Participants were randomized to a treatment (n=7) or control group (n=6); four from the control group were lost to attrition. Mother's stress level was measured using the Parenting Stress Index-Short Form, salivary cortisol and salivary amylase levels. Mother-to-infant bonding was measured using the Mother-to-Infant Bond Scale. Measurements were obtained at baseline and at about two weeks post-intervention.^ Results: A doubly multivariate analysis was used to compare the two groups across the two time periods. Although results revealed a reduction in mean stress and mother-to-infant bonding scores, statistical significance was not achieved (p=.133). ^ Conclusion: The behavioral intervention assessed in this study did not demonstrate statistical significance in reducing mother's stress levels or improving mother-to-infant bonding levels for mothers of colicky infants. A small sample size is a clear limitation and may have contributed to the non-significant findings. Further research is recommended with a large sample size and equal groups to validate findings.
