http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14854 biscuits
biscuits
Great little sweet treats : crafts from your kitchen
The 100 best vegan baking recipes : amazing cookies, cakes, muffins, pies, brownies and breads
Cookies! : irresistible recipes for cookies, bars, squares and slices
101 cakes & bakes : tried-and-tested recipes
Cookies! : a cookie lover's collection
Peggy Porschen's pretty party cakes : sweet and stylish cookies and cakes for all occasions
The Good cookie : over 250 delicious recipes from simple to sublime
Cookies for Santa
Painted cookies : more than 60 designs & decorating ideas for adorable cookies
Gingerbread wonderland : 30 magical houses, biscuits and bakes
Christmas cookies and candies
Gingerbread : 24 inspirational houses and decorative gifts to make
The joy of chocolate
Les petits macarons : colorful French confections to make at home
Sweetness & light
"For the first time ever, the legendary chef collects and updates the best recipes from his six-decade career. With a searchable DVD demonstrating every technique a cook will ever need. In his more than sixty years as a chef, Jacques Pepin has earned a reputation as a champion of simplicity. His recipes are classics. They find the shortest, surest route to flavor, avoiding complicated techniques. Now, in a book that celebrates his life in food, the world's most famous cooking teacher winnows his favorite recipes from the thousands he has created, streamlining them even further. They include Onion Soup Lyonnaise-Style, which Jacques enjoyed as a young chef while bar-crawling in Paris; Linguine with Clam Sauce and Vegetables, a frequent dinner chez Jacques; Grilled Chicken with Tarragon Butter, which he makes indoors in winter and outdoors in summer; Five-Peppercorn Steak, his spin on a bistro classic; Meme's Apple Tart, which his mother made every day in her Lyon restaurant; and Warm Chocolate Fondue Souffle, part cake, part pudding, part souffle, and pure bliss. Essential Pepin spans the many styles of Jacques's cooking: homey country French, haute cuisine, fast food Jacques-style, and fresh contemporary American dishes. Many of the recipes are globally inspired, from Mexico, across Europe, or the Far East. In the accompanying searchable DVD, Jacques shines as a teacher, as he demonstrates all the techniques a cook needs to know. This truly is the essential Pepin. "--
ChocolateChocolate
Professional baking
Bake & decorate : tea time luxury
The best of baking : includes more than 400 easy and delicious recipes for bread, cakes, cookies, pies and pastries
Visions of sugarplums : a cookbook of cakes, cookies, candies & confections from all the countries that celebrate Christmas
Chocolate passion : recipes and inspiration from the kitchens of Chocolatier Magazine
Cupcakes, cookies & pie, oh, my!
My first cupcake decorating book : 35 fun ideas for decorating cupcakes, cake pops, and more, for children aged 7 Years +
Southern Italian desserts : rediscovering the sweet traditions of Calabria, Campania, Basilicata, Puglia, and Sicily
The best mouse cookie
Professional French pastry series . Volume 3, petits fours, chocolate, frozen desserts, and sugar work
The craft of baking : cakes, cookies & other sweets with ideas for inventing your own
Good Housekeeping New Step-by-step Cookbook
The professional pastry chef : fundamentals of baking and pastry
The duckling gets a cookie?
Bouchon Bakery
The chef's dessert cookbook
Licitarska umijeća : Medičarstvo i svjećarstvo : obrt višestoljetne tradicije = Gingerbread skills : gingerbread and candlemaking : crafts of the age-old traditions
Essential Pepin : more than 700 all-time favorites from my life in food
Food in Vogue : from Boulestin to Boxer
Christmas cookies
Cake chic : stylish cookies ang cakes all occasions
The great British bake off : children's party cakes & bakes : 70 recipes for a perfect children's party
Cookie and the secret sleepover
Biscuits, cookies and crackers. Vol. 3, Composite products
Encyclopedia of junk food and fast food
A passion for chocolate
Cookies & crackers
Chocolate temptations
Chocolate
The ultimate chocolate cookbook
The Ghirardelli chocolate cookbook : recipes and history from America's premier chocolate maker
Holiday cookies
On baking : a textbook of baking and pastry fundamentals
Cookie craft : from baking to luster dust : design and techniques for creative cookie occasions
Garde manger : the art and craft of the cold kitchen
Chocolate, chocolate, chocolate
The gingerbread book
The book of gifts from the pantry
Ms. Cupcake : the naughtiest vegan cakes in town
Cookies : a fine selection of sweet treats
Cookies by Bess
The joy of vegan baking : the compassionate cooks' traditional treats and sinful sweets
Gingerbread houses : a complete guide to baking, building, and decorating
Chocolate lover's cookbook
Presents a collection of seventy-five recipes for desserts organized by five regions of southern Italy, with a a short history of Italian dessert cooking and advice on ingredients and cooking equipment.
Desserts and pastries
Favorite homemade cookies and candies
Wild sweets chocolate : savory, sweet, bites, drinks
Crazy about cookies : 300 scrumptious recipes for every occasion & craving
Cakes & cookies
Cake chic : stylish cookies and cakes for all occasions
The big chocolate cookbook
Pigeon is very angry when the duckling gets a cookie just by asking politely.
Christmas sweets
My first cupcake decorating book : 35 fun ideas for decorating cupcakes, cake pops, and more, for children aged 7 years +
The big book of chocolate : 365 decadent and irresistible treats
How to be a domestic goddess : baking and the art of comfort cooking
The cookie jar
Decorated cookies
The art of the cookie : over 75 irresistible recipes
Christmas cookies : dozens of classic yuletide treats for the whole family
The duckling gets a cookie!?
Decorating cakes and cookies : pretty cakes, clever cookies and cute cupcakes
Cookie craft Christmas : dozens of decorating ideas for a sweet holiday
Cookie swap ; creative treats to share throuhout the year
Michael Smith's afternoon tea : the complete book of Britain's tea-time treats
Cupcakes & cookies : decorations for all occasions
Baked from the heart : gifts of love for special occasions
