http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14860 Portuguese language literature
Portuguese language literature
Multitudinous heart : selected poems : a bilingual edition
Literary cultures of Latin America : a comparative history. Vol. 2, Institutional modes and cultural modalities
Requiem : a hallunication
The Cambridge companion to the Latin American novel
Encyclopedia of Latin American literature
Cage
Antigone's daughters : gender, genealogy, and the politics of authorship in 20th-century Portuguese women's writing
Three persons on one : a centenary tribute to Fernando Pessoa
"The most indispensable poems of Brazil's greatest poet Brazil, according to no less an observer than Elizabeth Bishop, is a place where poets hold a place of honor. "Among men, the name of 'poet' is sometimes used as a compliment or term of affection, even if the person referred to is not a poet at all. One of the most famous twentieth-century poets, Manuel Bandeira, was presented with a permanent parking space in front of his apartment house in Rio de Janeiro, with an enamelled sign POETA--although he never owned a car and didn't know how to drive." In a culture like this, it is difficult to underestimate the importance of the nation's greatest poet, Carlos Drummond de Andrade. Drummond, the most emblematic Brazilian poet, was a master of transforming the ordinary world, through language, into the sublime. His poems--musical protests, twisted hymns, dissonant celebrations of imperfection--are transcriptions of life itself recorded by a magnanimous outcast. As he put it in his "Seven-Sided Poem": "When I was born, one of those twisted / angels who live in the shadows said: / 'Carlos, get ready to be a misfit in life!'. World so wide, world so large, / my heart's even larger." Multitudinous Heart, the most generous selection of Drummond's poems available in English, gathers work from the various phases of this restless, brilliant modernist. Richard Zenith's selection and translation brings us a more vivid and surprising poet than we knew"--
If I close my eyes now
Adultery : a novel
Brazilian writers
A Alma amortalhada : Mário de Sá-Carneiro's use of metaphor and image
Under the frangipani
Lusosex : gender and sexuality in the Portugese-speaking word
Modern Brazilian poetry : An anthology
World literature and its times : profiles of notable literary works and the historical events that influenced them. Vol. 1, Latin American literature and its times
51 + 3 poems and other writings
Collected stories
Nettles and roses
Tradition and renewal : essays on twentieth-century Latin American literature and culture
Modern Latin American literature. 2, M - Z
Latin American literature in the 20th century : a guide
A companion to Latin American literature and culture
"A selection of the finest poems from the preeminent Brazilian poet of the twentieth century"--
The alchemist
The slopes of a gaze
Why this world : a biography of Clarice Lispector
Performing women in the middle ages : sex, gender and the Iberian lyric
Medieval joke poetry : the Cantigas d'escarnho e de mal dizer
Literary cultures of Latin America : a comparative history. Vol. 1, Configurations of literary culture
The imaginary synagogue : anti-Jewish literature in the Portuguese early-modern world (16th-18th centuries)
The Cambridge history of Latin American literature. Vol. 3, Brazilian literature bibliographies
A HISTORY OF TWENTIETH-CENTURY AFRICAN LITER
For the sake of the people : Jorge Amado in memoriam
A new reader's guide to African literature
African Lusophone writers
The presence of Camões : influences on the literature of England, America, and Southern Africa
The holy assasin
Two old Portuguese versions of The life of Saint Alexis : codices Alcobacenses 36 and 266
The house of memory : stories by Jewish women writers of Latin America
Eça no estrangeiro : os últimos 25 anos tradução e crítica = Eça abroad : the last 25 years translation and criticism
Dolssor Conina : lust, the bawdy, and obscenity in medieval Occitan and Galician-Portuguese troubadour poetry and Latin secular love song
The Orgy : modern one-act plays from Latin America
Translation and the rise of inter-American literature
On a knife-edge : the poetry of João Cabral de Melo Neto
Modern Latin American literature
After the Revolution : twenty years of Portuguese literature, 1974-1994
Transnationalism in southern African literature : modernists, realists, and the inequality of print culture
Poems of the water and the land = Poemas da água e da terra : edição bilíngüe
The Cambridge history of Latin American literature. Vol. 2, The twentieth century
Poems from Angola
Modern Latin American literature. Volume 2, M - Z
When the drumbeat changes
World literature and its times : profiles of notable literary works and the historical events that influenced them. Vol. 5, Spanish and Portuguese literatures and their times (The Iberian Peninsula)
Literary cultures of Latin America : a comparative history. Vol. 3, Latin American literary culture: subject to history
TEREZA BATISTA : HOME FROM THE WARS
Critical perspectives on Lusophone literature from Africa
Machado de Assis : a literary life
TENT OF MIRACLES
The republic of dreams
The Zahir : a novel of obsession
The Cambridge history of Latin American literature. Vol. 1, Discovery to modernism
Turbulence : a novel
The post-colonial literature of Lusophone Africa
Brazil : body and soul
The songs of António Botto
"A novel of Mata Hari's final days, as written by the woman herself while accused of espionage" --
A companion to Latin American literature
Eça de Queirós - marcos biográficos e literários 1845-1900 = Eça de Queirós - biographical and literary milestones 1945-1900
A Gil Vicente bibliography (1940-1975)
An invincible memory
Voices made night
28 portuguese poets : a bilingual anthology
Shores, horizons, voyages : selected poems
Concise encyclopedia of Latin American literature
Family ties
Eça de Queirós - Marcos biográficos e literários 1845-1900 = Eça de Queirós - biographical and literary milestones 1845-1900
Oxford anthology of the Brazilian short story
The spy : a novel
"The first literary biography in English of Eça de Queiroz, the Portuguese Dickens"--Provided by publisher.
Complete stories
An interpretation of Brazilian literature
"Biographical entries on African Lusophone writers"--Provided by publisher.
A general theory of oblivion
The collected lyric poems of Luís de Camões
" This major bilingual anthology, with English translations by Richard Zenith and Alexis Levitin, introduces the work of 28 Portuguese poets (beginning with Fernando Pessoa and his 'heteronyms'), and reveals a richly varied body of verse that is at once a place of departure and exploration as well as, in the words of Alexandre O'Neill's 'Portugal', "an ongoing discussion with myself" " -- (Dedalus)
Voices from an empire : a history of Afro-Portuguese literature
Message : bilingual edition
History and heroes in the "Lusiadas" : a commemoration essay on Camoens
Two Old Portuguese versions of The life of Saint Alexis : codices Alcobacenses 36 and 266
The world of Mestre Tamoda
A centenary Pessoa
Fernando Pessoa : voices of a nomadic soul
A warrior's life : a biography of Paulo Coelho
