http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14993 improvisation
improvisation
In this research I'm moving and exploring in a landscape of an inter-disciplinary improvisation performance. The  research is structured by choosing one performance which functions as a documented snippet of an ongoing interdisciplinary  improvisation practice and is a vehicle to analyse what sort of skills and knowledge enable and are  developed in that specific ongoing practice. I map out the validity of those skills and knowledge in relationship to  a dancer's know-how in a new paradigm of performing arts, as well as how to facilitate them and what sort of  philosophical and ethical notions and issues arise in such a facilitation process. The mode of this thesis is practicebased  art-pedagogical research.  I'm proposing that the skills and knowledge that enable inter-disciplinary improvisation, and that are  simultaneously developed in the practice, are a dancer's self–reflection and decision making process; a dancer's  own research and awareness of senses and perceptions; the awareness of interaction of performer(s) and audience  during a performance situation and the collaborative approaches towards learning and creating artistic work.  These skills and knowledge share similar terrain with the skills and knowledge of a dancer in a new paradigm of  performing arts, including the new paradigm of contemporary dance, defined by a performative shift.  In addition to these, what can be specifically drawn from inter-disciplinary improvisation practice is a dancer's  awareness of her/his inherent concepts that frame her/his perception in working situations, as well as discipline  specific inherent working practices and terminology that are taken as a given, yet come up for discussion and  reflection through inter-disciplinary work.  I'm proposing that these skills and knowledge can be facilitated and developed through dialogical and critical  pedagogical approaches that take in consideration notions of freedom, responsibility, artistic ownership, artistic  integrity, as well as a notion of wider socio-political landscapes that the work exists in.  In terms of practice based working methods that can facilitate this sort of skills and knowledge, there are many  routes. One possible way are the inter-disciplinary working methods introduced in this thesis, that emphasize  action-research based working cycles, working collaboratively both within a group, as well as in co-facilitating and  approaching a facilitation process as a not-yet-known situation. This mode of working approaches a teacher as an  active researcher and facilitator, who also engages in a process of self-reflection and dialogue.
Jazz improvisation for keyboard players. Volume one, Basic concepts
The sense of self of experienced and non-experienced music therapists in musical improvisation : an interpretative phenomenological analysis
Beyond notes : improvisation in Western music of the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries
Beginner's method for jazz improvisation
Playwrights of collective creation
Dexter Gordon : swingin' hard-pop
New perspectives on improvisation
Learning about dance : an introduction to dance as an art form and entertainment
Body & soul : 17 jazz classics : for all vocalists & instrumentalists
Jazz improvisation II : Journeyman
The Ramon Ricker improvisation series. Volume 1 : The beginning improviser
Training the ear : For the improvising musician
Time to play music : jazz and rock
A new approach to jazz improvisation / maiden voyage : fourteen easy-to-play jazz tunes
Creating theatre art & aesthetics : a slippery spot within theatre education
Silent solos : improvisers speak
A choreographer's handbook
Billy Strayhorn : Lush life : For all musicians
Improvisation in music : ways toward capturing musical ideas and developing them
Golden Years of the Soviet New Jazz : Vol. 3
Ancient Voices in Modern Times : Eternal Light - Oulu Early Music Festival Concert
Guitar patterns for improvisation
Contact Quarterly's contact improvisation sourcebook II : collected writings and graphics from Contact Quarterly dance journal, 1993-2007
Contemporary standards and originals : For all musicians
Flow, gesture, and spaces in free jazz : towards a theory of collaboration
Special issue : improvisation in the arts
The vocal jazz ensemble
Hip-hop and urban dance
An improviser's os
Creative improvisation : jazz, contemporary music and beyond : how to develop techniques of improvisation for any musical context
Nonsequiturs : writings & lectures on improvisation, composition, and interpretation = Unlogische Folgerungen : Schriften und Vorträge zu Improvisation, Komposition und Interpretation
How to play jazz and improvise : For all instruments
Horace Silver for you to play... : Eight jazz classics for all instruments
Favorite standards : For all musicians, lyrics included
Encyclopedia of modern improvisations [Nuottijulkaisu]
Early Jazz-Rock : the music of Miles Davis, 1967-72
Money will ruin everything : ten years of Rune Grammofon
MEL BAY'S TRUMPET IMPROVISING WORKBOOK. - MEL BAY
Movin' on : melodies, chords, transposed parts for all instrumentalists
Performance ear training
Major & minor in every key : learn to improvise jazz
Stakeholder approach to tourism product development: a Nordic perspective
Sounds in space, sounds in time : Projects in listening, improvising and composing
Creative jazz education
Street of dreams : play-a-long book & CD set for all instrumentalists & vocalists
I got rhythm changes in all keys : A New approach to jazz improvisation
Patterns for jazz : for treble clef instruments
Improvisation for actors and writers : a guidebook for improv lessons in comedy
The VJ book : inspirations and practical advice for live visuals performance
Psychological foundations of musical behavior
Otherparts
Take up jazz : an introduction to jazz improvisation : for instruments in C, Bb and Eb
Hear, listen, play! : how to free your student's aural, improvisation and performance skills
A new approach to jazz improvisation ; Night & day : melodies, chords, lyrics, transposed for all instrumentalists
Soundweaving : writings on improvisation
The art of bertsolaritza : improvised Basque verse singing
Basic keyboard skills : an introduction to accompaniment improvisation, transposition and modulation, with appendix on sight reading
Creativity in performance
Improvisation : between technique and spontaneity
Interactive acting : acting, improvisation, and interacting for audience participatory theatre
A Chromatic approach to jazz harmony and melody
East of the sun : play-a-long book/cd set for all instrumentalists and vocalists
Jazz transcription : developing jazz improvisation skills through solo transcription and analysis = La transcription du jazz
Jazz improv : how to play and teach it
Taking it to the bridge : music as performance
Improvising lead guitar : Total beginner
Charlie Parker and thematic improvisation
Bird goes Latin.. : Charlie Parker originals! : authentic salsa versions for all musicians
Yes to the mess : surprising leadership lessons from jazz
Beyond the black crack
Sugar : melodies, chords, lyrics, transposed parts for all instrumentalists
The encyclopedia of basic harmony & theory applied to improvisation on all instruments. Volume 1
The encyclopedia of basic harmony & theory applied to improvisation on all instruments. Volume 2
Yesterdays : Jerome Kern's jazz classics
A zongora-improvizáció szerepe és széleskörű alkalmazása a barokk és jazz harmónia tanításában – egy doktori kutatás eredményei. = The role of piano improvisation in teaching harmony, using combined materials selected from the Baroque period and jazz standard repertoire: towards a comprehensive approach – main findings of PhD research
Duke Ellington : For all musicians. Intermediate
Gettin' it together : learn to improvise like the jazz masters! : for all levels
Tonal dynamics and metrical structures in jazz improvisation
A GUIDE TO IMPROVISATION
Free improvisation
Dealing with nervousness
IMPROVISATIONAL CONCEPTS AND JAZZ PATTERNS
Improvisation for classical musicians : strategies for creativity and expression
""Music," said Zen patriarch Hui Neng, "is a means of rapid transformation." It takes us home to a natural world that functions outside of logic, where harmony and dissonance, tension and release work in surprising ways. Weaving memoir, travelogue, and philosophical reflection, Sudden Music presents a musical way of knowing that can closely engage us with the world and open us to its spontaneity." "Improvisation is everywhere, says David Rothenberg, and his book is a testament to its creative, surprising power. Linking in original ways the improvised in nature, composition, and instrumentation, Rothenberg touches on a wide range of music traditions, from Reb Nachman's stories to John Cage's aleatory. Writing not as a critic but as a practicing musician, Rothenberg draws on his own extensive travels to Scandinavia, India, and Nepal to describe from close observation the improvisational traditions that inform and inspire his own art." "The accompanying audio disc features eleven original compositions by Rothenberg, none previously released on CD. Included are a duet with clarinet and white-crested laughing bird and a duet with clarinet and Samchillian TipTipTip Cheeepeeeee, and electronic computer instrument played by its inventor, Leon Gruenbaum. Also featured are multicultural works blending South Indian veena and Turkish G-clarinet with spoken text from the Upanishads; a piece commissioned by the Tanglewood Contemporary Music Festival with readings of texts by E.O. Wilson accompanied by clarinet and electronics; and improvisations based on Tibetan Buddhist music, Japanese shakuhachi music, and the image of a black crow on white snow."--Jacket.
Benny Golson : for you to play.. : eight jazz classics
Encyclopedia of modern improvisations
Rhythm, music & education
This is IT
Jazz in the classroom : practical sessions in jazz and improvisation. Pupil's Book
Dirty work : Piano, vocal, chords
Bottlenecking and blues guitar : a complete guide to bottleneck slide technique
Sounding the self : analogy in improvisational music therapy
Improvisation in nine centuries of Western music : an anthology with historical introduction
Wayne Shorter : jazz classics for you to play...: for all instruments
Jazz styles : history & analysis
Improvisational patterns. The bebop era, Volume 2.
Records ruin the landscape : John Cage, the sixties, and sound recording
Interaction : opening up the jazz ensemble
Sudden music : improvisation, sound, nature
A chromatic approach to jazz harmony and melody
Chasin' the Bird
Something like a drug : an unauthorized oral history of theatresports
Long-form improvisation & the art of zen : a manual for advanced performers
The Ramon Ricker improvisation series. Volume 3 : The II-V-I progression, standard tunes and rhythm changes : For all instruments
Search & reflect : a music workshop handbook
I got rhythm : changes in all keys for all musicians
Improvising lead guitar: Grades 6 to 8 : Advanced level
Workingman's dead
A guide to improvisation. Instructor's manual
Stolen moments : For all instrumentalists
Voicing the moment : improvised oral poetry and Basque tradition
Action therapy with families and groups : using creative arts improvisation in clinical practice
Improvisation, theatre games and scene handbook
A new approach to jazz improvisation / Sugar : melodies, chords, lyrics, transposed parts for all instrumentalists
Atomistically yours : a study of communication in improvisational performance
John Coltrane : for you to play... 8 jazz originals
Improvising lead guitar : Grade 2 : Improver level
Golden Years of the Soviet New Jazz : Vol. 2
Jimmy Heath : 14 jazz classics
The right to play wrong : qualitative study about group music therapy experience of young musicians dealing with music performance anxiety
Jazz improvisation. Volume 2, Jazz rhythm and the improvised line
The inspiration in improvisation : identifying and classifying the approaches to emotion-based musical improvisation
Movement improvisation : in the words of a teacher and her students
Horace Silver : for all instruments
Music and consciousness : philosophical, psychological, and cultural perspectives
Improvisation and music education : beyond the classroom
Jazz improvisation. 2, Journeyman
Thelonious Monk : For all instruments
Taken by surprise : a dance improvisation reader
A guide to improvisation. "C" book (treble clef) : for oboe, flute, piano, organ, guitar, vibraharp, accordion
New structures in jazz and improvised music since 1960
Music, moment, message : interpretive, improvisational, and ideological aspects of Petr Eben's organ works
Stand-up comedy : the book
The encyclopedia of basic harmony & theory applied to improvisation on all instruments. Volume 3
How to approach standards chromatically : Techniques of superimposition
Improvising real life : personal story in playback theatre
Summary in Finnish.
Rewilding music : improvisation, wilderness, and the global musician
The guitarist's guide to composing and improvising
The performer's guide to the collaborative process
Moving in a landscape of an inter-disciplinary improvisation performance : ways of working and facilitating
Jazz tunes for improvisation. Volume 1 : C edition / by Dan Haerle, Jack Petersen, Rich Matteson
Emotions in man : an interactive dance
The communicative processes of musicians engaged in synchronous play
Lennie and Ornette : searching for freedom in improvisation : observations on the music of Lennie Tristano and Ornette Coleman
Improvisational poetry from the Basque country
Improvising lead guitar: Grades 3 to 5 : Intermediate level
Improvising Real Life : Personal Story im Playback Theatre
The fierce urgency of now : improvisation, rights, and the ethics of cocreation
The improvised puppet : the integral part between the profane and sacred
The Musical Experience : Rethinking Music Teaching and Learning
Cannonball Adderley : greatest hits!
"Historical introduction": p. 5-21. Selective bibliography: p. 22-23. "Source references and editorial notes": p. 158-163.
Guitar compendium : Technique / improvisation / musicianship / theory. Volume 2
Jazz improvisation : advice from the masters
Infinity machines
Improvisation : music from the inside out
Avalon : For all instrumentalists and vocalists
Jazz improvisation : a comprehensive method for all musicians
Creative problem solving for managers : developing skills for decision making and innovation
Inside improvisation series. Vol. 6 : Developing a jazz language
Learn to improvise jazz : Major & minor in every key : For all musicians
Inside improvisation series. Vol. 7 : Hexatonics
Jazz improvisation for keyboard players. Volume 2, Intermediate concepts
Brecker and Patterns : an analysis of Michael Brecker's melodic and instrumental devices
Melodic structure and inner self in clinical improvisation
Caught falling : the confluence of contact improvisation, Nancy Stark Smith, and other moving ideas
The melodic and polyrhythmic development of John Coltrane's spontaneous composition in a racist society
Lennie and Ornette searching for freedom in improvisation : observations on the music of Lennie Tristano and Ornette Coleman
Improvising better : a guide for the working improviser
Encyclopedia of improvisation : 6 books in one
Advanced improvisation. Volume 2, Rhythmic and harmonic concepts
The Lydian chromatic concept of tonal organization for improvisation : for all instruments
Out of this world
Fusion : Improvise with today's top artists! : C Bass Clef
