http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14901 water use
water use
The law of international watercourses
World water vision : making water everybody's business
Water, power and identity : the cultural politics of water in the Andes
Water consumption in Russian pulp industry
Les ressources en eau et le droit international. Water resources and international law
Survey of water and energy in the Finnish pulp and paper industry
Viable water governance : a Nordic-Baltic research training course supported by NordForsk : TUT,IEEB, 6-11 June, 2005
Thirst for power : energy, water, and human survival
Who owns freshwater? : detecting and deconstructing discourses relating to community participation in water supply governance
Finnish water services : experiences in global perspective
Remote sensing of global croplands for food security
African water resource database : GIS-based tools for inland aquatic resource management. 1, Concepts and application case studies
Economics of water resources
Dewatering and recovery of fats, oils and grease (FOG) of grease trap waste : A design-research of a new-built process
Thirst : water and power in the ancient world
Globalization of water : sharing the planet's freshwater resources
Water treatment of reuse in pulp and paper industry
Water, an essential resource : LIFE and the new European water policy
An innovative accounting framework for the food-energy-water nexus : application of the MuSIASEM approach to three case studies
Land and water : the rights interface
Water and the law : towards sustainability
Governance in water sector : comparing development in Kenya, Nepal, South Africa and Finland
Waterworlds : anthropology in fluid environments
Development of international water law through equitable utilization and non-harm principles : (with special preference to the United Nations' International Law Commission, ILC)
Community-based water law and water resource management reform in developing countries
International law for a water-scarce world
Integrating rules and tools for transboundary water resources management : case of Israel and Palestine
"Power and Water in the Middle East provides a powerful new perspective on the Palestinian-Israeli water conflict. Adopting a new approach to understanding water conflict - hydro-hegemony - the author shows the conflict to be much more deeply entrenched than previously thought, and reveals how existing tactics to control water are leading away from peace and towards continued domination and a squandering of this vital resource." "Existing approaches tend to play down the negative effects of non-violent water conflict, and what is often presented as co-operation between countries hides a deep imbalance and underlying state of conflict between them. Mark Zeitoun's important work shows how the new analytical framework of hydro-hegemony may be used to expose the hidden dynamics of water conflict around the world and how, in particular, it yields critical insights into the Middle East water problem." "Combining extensive technical expertise with personal experience in the field, Power and Water in the Middle East offers new findings that will interest researchers, professionals, and policy makers involved with the politics of the Middle East and with water conflict more generally."--BOOK JACKET.
African water resource database : GIS-based tools for inland aquatic resource management. 2, Technical manual and workbook
Our waters : joining hands across borders : first Assessment of Transboundary Rivers, Lakes and Groundwaters
Sustainable management of water resources in agriculture
Will the source of life dry up?
Abstract: Who owns freshwater? : detecting and deconstructing discourses relating to community participation in water supply governance. The purpose of this dissertation was first to identify some of the common and prevailing discourses on community participation and water supply governance in developing countries as a whole, and South Africa in particular. Secondly, the study was intended to discuss why and how particular perceptions and practices continue to be so influential in the area of water supply governance. The research conducted for this dissertation consisted of an extensive and critical review of various forms of relevant secondary data. In the first part of this study, different definitions of community participation and water supply governance, as well as ideas on how and why these concepts are linked, were discussed in general terms. Postmodern theory relating to truth claims, power and discourses was also included in order to deploy a particular analysing tool for the second part of the study. The latter sections of the dissertation focused respectively on deconstructing topic-related South African governmental publications as well as analysing and discussing common water supply and community participation discourses in the framework of different South African case examples. This study found that discussions revolving around water supply easily become limited to contrasting public and private forms of ownership and management, although in actuality the same - largely neoliberal principles - often seem to guide both options. It was also discovered that new discourses are emerging, such as basic water supply as a universal human right and community participation in water supply governance as a form of empowerment for marginalised community members. Postmodern analysis, however, has additionally suggested that while decentralisation of water governance and participatory approaches are already becoming an integral part of water policies, this redefinition is still far from truly replacing the common centralising practices and influential neoliberal discourses.
Wastewater engineering : treatment and reuse
Water resources
Building on water : Venice, Holland, and the construction of the European landscape in early modern times
Planning improvements in natural resources management : guidelines for using Bayesian networks to support the planning and management of development programmes in the water sector and beyond
High latitude agriculture is rainfed. Climate change could, however, increase water deficiency and initiate a call for development of irrigation systems as a part of field water management systems. This study aimed to develop a basic understanding about the current state of irrigation potential according to region by monitoring proximity of fields to waterways and characterizing their general conditions. One third of Finnish fields are in direct contact with a shoreline of an inland waterway. This coupled with Finland being water-rich country may improve adaptive capacity to cope with the potentially harmful impacts of climate change in the future. However, there are marked differences between regions in access to water resources. Findings of this survey will serve as background information needed to assess future needs for introduction of irrigation and to evaluate the opportunities to close yield gaps and improve yield stability through irrigation.
Water reuse for irrigation : agriculture, landscapes, and turf grass
Water, a way of life : sustainable water management in a cultural context
International water law : selected writings
The Casa del Torello di Bronzo (V 1,7) in Pompeii : investigating a residential house and its complex water system
Water in a changing world
Water supply
Sustainable water management in smallholder farming : theory and practice
Water consumption and wastewaters in fresh-cut vegetable production
Frameworks for water law reform
Climate change adaptation in the water sector
Thirsty planet : strategies for sustainable water management
Cooperation in the law of transboundary water resources
Carbon stocks, greenhouse gas emissions and water balance of Sudanese savannah woodlands in relation to climate change
Utilisation of gasification carbon residues : activation, characterisation and use as an adsorbent
Water consumption and limitations for effective operations in the Leningrad region water sector : comparing findings from Finland, Latvia, Lithuania and Russia
Sustainability science and engineering. Vol. 2, Sustainable water for the future : water recycling versus desalination
Municipal wastewater management in developing countries : principles and engineering
Promoting transboundary water security in the Aral Sea basin through international law
"Climate change, population growth and the increasing demand for water are all capable of leading to disputes over transboundary water systems. Dealing with these challenges will require the enhancing of adaptive capacity, the improving of the quality of water-resources management and a reduction in the risk of conflict between riparian states. Such changes can only be brought about through significant international cooperation. Christina Leb's analysis of the duty to cooperate and the related rights and obligations highlights the interlinkages between this duty and the principles of equitable and reasonable utilisation and the prevention of transboundary harm. In doing so, she considers the law applicable to both international watercourses and transboundary aquifers, and explores the complementarities and interaction between the rules of international water law and the related obligations of climate change and human rights law"--
Central Asian waters : social, economic, environmental and governance puzzle
Tourism and water
A history of water. Ser. 2, vol. 3, Water, geopolitics and the new world order
International law and freshwater : the multiple challenges
A manual for the preparers and users of eco-efficiency indicators : version 1.1
Water recovery in pulp and paper making
The global water crisis : a reference handbook
Summary (s. 5-8).
Blue covenant : the global water crisis and the coming battle for the right to water
Cases and materials on water law : resource use and environmental protection
A history of water. Ser 2, vol. 2, Rivers and society
When changing a lightbulb just isn't enough
Right to water and the protection of fundamental rights in hungary
Proceedings of the VIIth International Workshop on Sap Flow : Seville, Spain October 21-24, 2008
Geochemistry of European bottled water
Sustainable water for the future : water recycling versus desalination
Proximity of waterways to Finnish farmlands and associated characteristics of regional land use
Coping with water scarcity : an action framework for agriculture and food security
Awareness and participation towards encouraging sustainable urban water management : a case study of the Jakkur Lake, Bangalore
Law of International Watercourse
A manual for water and waste management : what the tourism industry can do to improve its performance
Ghost in the pipe: property, sovereignty and the evolution of international water law
Water resources across Europe : confronting water scarcity and drought
Water law & policy : governance without frontiers
Controlled water use is an important component of sustainable fresh-cut vegetable production because of limited water resources, and also for controlling the quality of wastewater re-used in vegetable processing or for irrigating on fields. In our study the water consumption in vegetable processing plants varied from 1.5 to 5.0 m3 t-1 of finished product. In one plant, monitored over three years, almost 90% of water was used for washing and rinsing of vegetables, but more than 90% of the organic load of the wastewater was generated from the processing stage. The results including organic load and the microbial quality of the wastewaters showed that the wastewater should be treated beforere-use.Separate treating of wastewaters from processing stage is recommended.  Pre-treatment of wastewater using precipitation chemicals and sedimentation in basins decreased the organic load and total solids in the water, allowing further treatment of the waters.
Water Efficiency Enhancement  : Water Efficiency Enhancement in Myyrmäki and Leppävaara Campuses
Managing blue gold : new perspectives on water security in the levantine Middle East
Assessment of the microbial safety of drinking water produced from surface water under field conditions
The peaceful management of transboundary resources
Power and water in the Middle East : the hidden politics of the Palestinian-Israeli water conflict
Grey water recycling options & technologies : towards a suitable utilization of domestic water
Environmental monitoring in Finland 2009-2012
A history of water. Vol. 3, The world of water
Assessment of the microbial safety of the drinking water produced from surface water under field conditions
The water-energy nexus in the American west
The future of water in African cities : why waste water?
Bathing in the Roman world
Rural planning from an environmental systems perspective
The nature and function of water, baths, bathing, and hygiene from antiquity through the Renaissance
The future of water : a startling look ahead
Multiscale influence of environmental factors on water quality in boreal rivers:application of spatial-based statistical modelling
Summary.
Hydrology and the management of watersheds
Agriculture and environment in EU-15 : the IRENA indicator report
The atlas of water : mapping the world's most critical resource
Improvement of traditional Acacia senegal agroforestry : ecophysiological characteristics as indicators for tree-crop interaction on sandy soil in western Sudan
Water in our life and environment : Socrates/Comenius 1.1 school project 2004-2007
Rivers and the power of ancient Rome
Who owns freshwater?  : Detecting and Deconstructing Discourses Relating to Community Participation in Water Supply Governance
A history of water. Ser. 2, vol. 1, Ideas of water from ancient societies to the modern world
Cultivating the Nile : the everyday politics of water in Egypt
Water law for the twenty-first century : national and international aspects of water law reform in India
Equitable utilization : the law of non-navigational uses of international watercourses
One man's waters : a Finn's lifelong relationship with water and waterways
Abstract: Water treatment of reuse in pulp and paper industry.
Euregio Karelia and the future of cross-border co-operation
