http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14972 medical screening
medical screening
The Mama programme for breast cancer control : the effect of a comprehensive breast self-examination screening programme on compliance and on mortality from breast cancer
The dose and image quality in mammography practice in Finland
High-Throughput Screening for Novel Prostate Cancer Drug Targets – Getting Personal
Prenatal screening in Finland : availability and women's decision-making and experiences
Evaluation of visual screening in prevention of cervical and oral cancer in India
Prenatal Screening in Finland : availability and womenś decision-making and experiences
Measurement of urinary trypsinogen-2 as a screening test for acute pancreatitis : [the authors reply]
Guide to effective care in pregnancy and childbirth
Experiences of mothers participating in maternal serum screening for Down's syndrome
Health screening knowledge
Screening of newborns for congenital hypothyroidism : guidance for developing programmes
Abstract: Maternal ultrasound and serum screening in the detection of structural and chromosomal abnormalities.
Eläkeikäisen väestön terveyskäyttäytyminen : kevät 1987 = Health behaviour of the Finnish elderly : spring 1987
Performance of the Finnish prostate cancer screening trial based on process indicators
Analyses of observational screening studies : an application to the ATBC cancer prevention study
Health Economics and Outcome Studies on Type 2 Diabetes Education and Screening in a Chinese Population
Breast cancer screening : views and opinions of an IARC Working Group on the Evaluation of Cancer-preventive Strategies, Lyon, 5-12 March 2002.
Controlled clinical one-stage ultrasound screening in pregnancy : the Helsinki ultrasound trial
Cost-effectiveness of one-stage ultrasound screening in pregnancy : a report from the Helsinki ultrasound trial
User's guide to the musculoskeletal examination : fundamentals for the evidence-based clinician
Early diagnosis of breast cancer
Randomised evaluation of new technologies within the population-based cervical cancer screening programme in Finland : cross-sectional performance and validity
Screening for chlamydia trachomatis infections in low prevalence populations : an economic and health benefit analysis
The Finnish population-based prostate cancer screening trial : a clinical perspective
Toxoplasma infection during pregnancy : a prospective cohort study and a cost-benefit analysis
Development and validation of methods for detection of prostate cancer
Hearing among Finnish professional soldiers : epidemiological study
Economic evaluation of selected Finnish screening programmes
Applicability of a checklist for clinical screening of the fragile X syndrome
Prognosis of patients with lung cancer found in a single chest radiograph screening
Chlamydia trachomatis infections : is screening cost-effective?
First trimester screening for Down syndrome
Determinants of sensitivity of mammography
Balancing : cancer from a primary care perspective : diagnosis, posttraumatic stress, and end-of-life care
Examination of the newborn : an evidence-based guide
Screening of Bacillus subtilis laccase exspression library for improved activity in Escherichia coli
Prenatal screening strategies, long-term outcome of children with marked changes in maternal screening tests and the most common syndromic heart anomalies in Estonia
Prospects for genetic screening in Finland : evaluation of the feasibility of carrier screening in primary health care using aspartylglucosaminuria carrier screening as the model
Is screening for chlamydia trachomatis infection cost effective?
Evaluation and monitoring of screening programmes
Prevalence of vocal symptoms and voice disorders among teacher students and teachers and a model of early intervention
The effects of the breast cancer mammography screening programme in women aged 40 to 84 years in Turku, Finland (1987-2009)
Soldiers are at risk of incurable noise-induced hearing loss (NIHL) in military activities. Therefore the prevention of hearing loss is important. The large variation in individual susceptibility to NIHL is well known but the reason for this is not completely understood.The data of this current comprehensive register-based follow-up study consist of the health records, hearing measuring results and occupational history of 1 941 soldiers. The occurrence and degree of hearing losses among soldiers who served between 1965 and 2007 was investigated by comparing groups formed according to year-class and service branch. An association between cardiovascular risk factors and NIHL was also assessed. Furthermore the efficacy of the hearing conservation measures carried out by the Finnish Defence Forces (FDF) and the Finnish Border Guard (FBG) was evaluated.Noise turned out to be the major risk factor of hearing impairment among the investigated soldiers. The occurrence of NIHL (hearing threshold at 3,4 or 6 kHz >40 dB) was at least around 10 percentages lower among soldiers who started their career in 1990s than in the older year-classes 15 years after the beginning of military career. Concurrently, the decline of the average degree of hearing loss at high tones improved around 20 dB. The occurrence of NIHL was the lowest among pilots, musicians and naval soldiers, and the highest among soldiers in engineering and air defense corps. No clear difference was found between cardiovascular risk factors and NIHL with the exception of hyperglycemia. A clear temporal connection was found between the decline of the occurrence of NIHL among the soldiers and the hearing conservation measures carried out in the late 80s. A review of the four-stage hearing classification used in Finnish occupational health service since the 1970s, as well as the guidelines that rely on them, is needed.
Screening and Collaboration in Maternity Care : Guidelines 1995.
Cancer and its management
Medical electrical equipment : international standard = Appareils électromédicaux. Deployment, implementation and operational guidelines for identifying febrile humans using a screening thermograph =Déploiement, mise en oeuvre et lignes directrices opérationnelles pour l'identification d'êtres humains fébriles en utilisant un thermographe de criblage
Case–control studies for the evaluation of performance and age-specific outcome of organised cervical cancer screening
Helicobacter pylori in Vammala, Finland : seroepidemiological studies and a population-based 'screen-and-treat' programme
The dream of the perfect child
Analysis of observational screening studies : an application to the ATBC cancer prevention study
Association of Breast cancer symptoms findings with the occurrence of Breast cancer
Abstract. - Finnish summary.
The effect of mass screening on incidence and mortality of squamous and adenocarcinoma of cervix uteri
European guidelines for quality assurance in cervical cancer screening
The ethics of screening in health care and medicine : serving society or serving the patient?
Cervix cancer screening : views and opinions of an IARC Working Group on the Evaluation of Cancer-preventive Strategies, Lyon, 20-27 April 2004.
HPV, colposcopy, and prevention of squamous anogenital tract malignancy
Summary.
Childhood hearing impairments and hearing screening : an epidemiological and clinical study of hearing in children and the implementation of the present hearing screening programme for pre-school children in Northern Finland
The European code against cancer : a tool for general practitioners
Prevalence and prognosis of coeliac disease : a special focus on undetected condition
Clinical studies on familial adenomatous polyposis
European guidelines for quality assurance in colorectal cancer screening and diagnosis
Screening for chlamydia to prevent pelvic inflammatory disease : [letter]
Eye disorders of infants and preschool children : an epidemiological study in a suburban community
Impact of cancer screening on women's health
Rapid measurement of urinary trypsinogen-2 as a screening test for acute pancreatitis
Health psychology : a textbook
Nine-year follow-up of high-risk neonates
Computed tomography screening for lung diseases among asbestos-exposed workers
The politics of breast cancer screening
Detection of pulmonary tuberculosis by mass RP surveys : a study of their efficacy
Comparison of the cost of antidepressants in a prostate cancer screening trial population
We did our study for the HUSLAB Automation Laboratory of Meilahti Hospital and the virology laboratory, Helsinki, Finland. The purpose of our study was to create value stream  maps of HIV screening tests for both of the laboratories. In addition, our intention was to compare the differences in HIV screening tests between the laboratories and to find out  possible wastes. In our study, we used the Lean methodology, which is a widely used methodology for making processes more efficient and the value stream maps are part of it. The information used in our study was collected using observation in the work environment and by interviewing a medical expert. The findings and the medical expert interview formed the basis of the value stream maps. On the basis of our observations, we state that the laboratories differed from each other fundamentally. The automation route of the Meilahti Hospital Automation Laboratory was highly optimized and the process was fast. The virology laboratory is part of the HUSLABs Clinical Microbiology, where the main focus has been on the hand work. There were waste in both laboratories, but the basic features of the processes worked as such. There were development points in preanalytic features, in the laboratory space and in the work speed of the tests.  Based on the results, we conclude that the process has waste, but the development points are challenging. Development suggestions are based on a short-term observation and a longer observation period would have produced more suggestions. The value stream maps that we made may be used for designing a new laboratory in the Meilahti Hospital area,  Helsinki, Finland.
Screen-detected breast cancer and prognosis
This thesis concerns a laccase enzyme. The laccase encoding gene had been isolated from the Bacillus subtilis bacterium and mutated by error-prone PCR. The gene variants had also been combined with plasmids. The aim was to find a variant that would produce the most active laccase protein compared with the wild type. To find the best mutants, a DNA library was created and screened. The screening procedure was also optimized during the project.  The principle of the screening was that ABTS, which forms a green product when oxidized, was added to protein samples taken from the variants and the absorbances of the samples were measured. The colour was therefore dependent on the ability of the laccase to oxidize ABTS. The mutant proteins were compared with each other and with the protein produced by the wild type gene. Several promising mutants were found and forwarded to sequencing. Also the screening protocol was optimized.
Women's experiences of prenatal serum screening
Effect of screening for cancer on mortality, costs and quality of life in Finland
Cost-benefit analysis of screening for toxoplasmosis during pregnancy
Causes and consequences of mammographic parenchymal patterns
Surveillance in hereditary nonpolyposis colorectal cancer syndrome
Occurrence of high risk human papillomaviruses and cervical cancer among fertile-aged women in Finland
Mammographic mass-screening and future breast cancer burden in Finland
Performance and effectiveness of organised breast cancer screening in Finland
Cancer in Finland
Differential diagnosis for physical therapists : screening for referral
Population-based screening for prostate cancer : weighing up the beneficial and adverse effects of screening
