http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14905 narrator
narrator
Celestial revolutionary : Copernicus, the man and his universe
St. Nadie in winter : Zen encounters with loneliness
Three revolutionary architects: Boullée, Ledoux, and Lequeu
National oral history - Time of change project
Storytelling and theatre : contemporary professional storytellers and their art
Gordie : a hockey legend : an unauthorized biography of Gordie Howe
Alexander Hamilton
The lovely bones : a novel
By the time he retired, Brad Park had surpassed the great Bobby Orr in career assists by a defenseman. Inducted into the Hockey Hall of Fame the first year he was eligible, and later named one of the Top 100 NHL players of all time by The Hockey News, Park will forever be remembered as one of the greatest men ever to take the ice. The first and only authorized biography of Park's life and career, Straight Shooter: The Brad Park Story, delves deeper into his legendary success than any book has before, bringing together exclusive, candid insights from Park himself, as well as interviews with dozens of players, family members, and key figures from the hockey world. Covering Park's early years growing up in Toronto, to his first exposure to the NHL with the New York Rangers and his stellar performance with the Boston Bruins, through the twilight of his career and retirement, the book examines every aspect of his remarkable life in unprecedented detail. Giving hockey fans a full, frank look at the career of an NHL legend—including the challenges Park faced in his personal life, including caring for his physically handicapped son—Straight Shooter is a fascinating look at one of the game's true greats. - Covers Park's life in detail, from his time with the Rangers and Bruins to his experiences with Team Canada in the 1972 Summit Series.
"Today I'm five" : child narrators engaging adult readers in Room and The night rainbows
The big book of women saints
A certain gaze : inhabiting landscape in Matti Kassila's The harvest month
Grace kelly : the secret lives of a princess
The art of racing in the rain
The fictions of language and the languages of fiction : the linguistic representation of speech and consciousness
Everything you ever wanted : a memoir
Fisher comes clean (well, sort of) with the crazy truth that is her life, in her first-ever memoir.
Steppin' Razor : the life of Peter Tosh
Constructing a female perspective from Marlow's narrative in Joseph Conrad's Chance
Bowie on Bowie : interviews and encounters with David Bowie
History impossible : narrating and motivating the past
Trombone fantasy
Character and narrator unreliability in diary-writing : a case study of Jeff Noon's Falling out of cars
Studies in the narrative technique of the first-person novel
From out of the city
Empress of fashion : a life of Diana Vreeland
I didn't come here to make friends : confessions of a reality show villain
Tell-tale theories : essays in narrative poetics
Disputable core concepts of narrative theory
Neil Patrick Harris : choose your own autobiography
Alan Turing : the enigma
Questionable realities and distorted truths : - unreliable narrators, with reference to point of view and solipsism, in Iris Murdoch's The black prince and The sea, the sea
Toward figural fantasy : the representation of consciousness in modern American fantasy literature
Writers on writing : the art of the short story
Narratology beyond literary criticism : mediality, disciplinarity
Memoirs of Matti Hopia : 1948-1951 : Part 1/3
One of the many aspects that make Marcel Proust's A la recherche du temps perdu such a complex and subtle work is its engagement with metaphysical questions. The disparate nature of the narrator's experiences, hypotheses, and statements has generated a number of conflicting interpretations, based on parallels with the thought of one or another philosopher from Plato to Leibniz, Spinoza, Schopenhauer, Nietzsche, Bergson, or Deleuze. Through the analysis of the narrator's two seemingly incompatible perceptions of the world, which reveal reality to be either one or infinitely multiple, Erika Fulop proposes a reading of the novel that reconciles the opposites. Rather than being undecided or self-contradictory, the narrative thematizes the insufficiency of the dualist perspective and invites the reader to take a step beyond it.
Pioneers of modern physical training
The artist at work : narrative technique in Chrétien de Troyes
This handbook in English provides a systematic overview of the present state of international research in narratology. Detailed individual studies by internationally renowned narratologists elucidate 34 central terms. The articles present original research contributions and are all structured in a similar manner. Each contains a concise definition and a detailed explanation of the term in question, and then in a main section they present a critical account of the major research positions and their historical development and indicate directions for future research; they conclude with selected bibliographical references. An online version acting as a commentary is planned with a time-lag after the citable printed version. Regular additions and updates of the handbook will keep abreast of the continuing developments in the discourse of narratology.
Muhammad Ali : his life and times
M train
Collective life stories : shared and embodied memories in teaching
Scheherazade's whisper : contrapuntal readings of Aino Kallas and Isak Dinesen
Princesses behaving badly : real stories from history - without the fairy-tale endings
Medicine, Trade and Empire : Garcia de Orta's colloquies on the simples and drugs of India (1563) in context
The echo chamber
Stars between the sun and moon : one woman's life in North Korea and escape to freedom
The narrator's voice : the dilemma of children's fiction
"This handbook provides a systematic overview of the present state of international research in narratology and is now available in a second, fully revised and expanded edition. Detailed individual studies by internationally renowned narratologists elucidate central terms of narratology, present a critical account of the major research positions and their historical development and indicate directions for future research."
Take six girls : the lives of the Mitford sisters
The people in the trees
Nikolay Myaskovsky : the conscience of Russian music
The narrative turn in fiction and theory : the crisis and return of storytelling from Robbe-Grillet to Tournier
Split autobiographical selves : duality and autobiography in the works of Ivan Goncharov, Virginia Woolf and James Joyce
The man who knew : the life and times of Alan Greenspan
The return of the omniscient narrator authorship and authority in twenty-first century fiction
Sneaky Pete and the wolf
Signed, sealed, and delivered : the soulful journey of Stevie Wonder
The Tom Jones quiz book : 100 questions on the singing legend
American sniper : the autobiography of the most lethal sniper in U.S. military history
Fact and fiction in narrative : an interdisciplinary approach
"Challenging the tidy links among authorial position, narrative perspective, and fictional content, Stephen Hong Sohn argues that Asian American authors have never been limited to writing about Asian American characters or contexts. Racial Asymmetries specifically examines the importance of first person narration in Asian American fiction published in the postrace era, focusing on those cultural productions in which the author's ethnoracial makeup does not directly overlap with that of the storytelling perspective. Through rigorous analysis of novels and short fiction, such as Sesshu Foster's Atomik Aztex, Sabina Murray's A Carnivore's Inquiry and Sigrid Nunez's The Last of Her Kind, Sohn reveals how the construction of narrative perspective allows the Asian American writer a flexible aesthetic canvas upon which to engage issues of oppression and inequity, power and subjectivity, and the complicated construction of racial identity. Speaking to concerns running through postcolonial studies and American literature at large, Racial Asymmetries employs an interdisciplinary approach to reveal the unbounded nature of fictional worlds. Stephen Hong Sohn is Assistant Professor of English at Stanford University. He is the co-editor of Transnational Asian American Literature: Sites and Transits"--
Alexander the Great : journey to the end of the earth
What is narratology? : questions and answers regarding the status of a theory
Analysing immigrant life stories from two perspectives
A portrait of the life and career of investment guru Warren Buffett sheds new light on the man, as well as on the work, ideas, business principles, strategies, and no-nonsense insights that have guided his phenomenally successful business endeavors.
Rustication : a novel
This dissertation is an interdisciplinary study within a comparative Nordic-Germanic framework that proposes new approaches to reading representations of gender in European literary modernism and philosophy via the works of Finland-Swedish poet Edith Södergran and Friedrich Nietzsche. I posit that Södergran's avant-garde poetry presents feminine, masculine, and androgynous narrators that subvert the function of misogyny in Nietzsche's philosophy, which she had fervently read and incorporated into her writing. Surely, Södergran must have faced obstacles as she confronted Nietzsche's ostensible ad feminam; however, her progressive poetry, I contend, illustrates how Nietzsche's own discourse is constructed by androgynous rhetoric that exhibits paradoxically helpful appropriations of the female body. I therefore suggest that Södergran's reception of Nietzsche ushers in a transvaluation of the "modernist body" that overcomes the cultural body of Man and Woman as she opens up philosophical discourse with the feminine other in Nietzsche's otherwise phallocentric discourse. Using a shared framework of post-structural feminist theory, narratology, and poetry criticism, this dissertation attempts to overturn long-standing interpretations of Nietzsche's philosophy and to revise Södergran's mythologized biography and traditional analyses of her poetry. In chapter one, I attempt to separate Edith Södergran from her romanticized biography and refigure the female writing subject in history in a way that de-emphasizes her glorified, personal afflictions and instead elucidates Södergran's creative efforts to redefine gender. In chapter two, I posit that Södergran's lyrical narrator is not an exclusively female subject but a speaker that is multiple: Södergran's narrators are voiced by female, male, and androgynous bodies; which leads to a type of transgendered experience of narration. Chapter three focuses on Nietzsche's representations of women that I suggest influenced Södergran's writing. I attempt to show that Nietzsche's misogyny is actually a latent discussion of the cultural body that has been constructed and maintained by Western caricatures of femininity and masculinity. In chapter four, I examine the paradoxical representations of women in Also Sprach Zarathustra [Thus Spoke Zarathustra]. I look at what Zarathustra's hyper-masculine rhetoric can mean to a female reader who may be seeking ways to demystify essentialist constructions of sexual difference, and I explore the implications that Zarathustra's prophecy of the Übermensch--an advanced, idealistic human being--has for the human body. In the final chapter, I look at the narratological techniques that Södergran and Nietzsche employ in their poetry. Through a combined narratological and feminist approach, I suggest that Södergran and Nietzsche meticulously construct disruptive archetypes of the cultural body via multi-gendered narrative voices. I argue that Nietzsche and Södergran transcend normative narrative devices and introduce unprecedented post-gendered bodies and voices into the European modernist tradition. Their particular depictions of the post-gendered body thus resonate with contemporary theories and philosophical discussions of sex and gender.
Writings about the Finnish Fandom of the Spice Girls Band
Legend and belief : dialectics of a folklore genre
Random family : love, drugs, trouble, and coming of age in the Bronx
This short biography of the famous composer Ludwig van Beethoven details his life, his works and gives the reader an interesting guide to the style that defined this master of symphonies and other musical works. It also discusses the influence he had on Wagner's style. This version has been specifically edited and formatted for today's e-readers, and makes an excellent addition to any music-related book collection.
The unreliable imperialist : the role of Marlow in Joseph Conrad's Heart of darkness
Empty mansions : the mysterious life of Huguette Clark and the spending of a great American fortune
Medieval narratives between history and fiction : from the centre to the periphery of Europe, c. 1100-1400
Tupac Shakur : the life and times of an American icon
Educating by unreliability : expositional manipulation in science fiction
The book thief
Edith Södergran's Modern Virgin : Overcoming Nietzsche and the Gendered Narrator
Slow dancing with a stranger : lost and found in the age of Alzheimer's
Memoirs of Matti Hopia : 1948-1951 : Part 3/3
Revealing the love, heartbreak, and reality behind reality television, a former "Bachelor" contestant who quickly became the biggest villain in the history of the show, dishes on her fellow contestants and what really happened on and off the cameras.
The Golden Jet
Paavo Nurmi : Flying Finn - a lifetime in one hour
Wishful drinking
The romantic subject in autobiography : Rousseau and Goethe
Universal man : the lives of John Maynard Keynes
The day gone by : an autobiography
Interactive fictions : scenes of storytelling in the novel
Small stories, interaction and identities
Textual rivals : self-presentation in Herodotus' Histories
Racial asymmetries : Asian American fictional worlds
The snowball : Warren Buffett and the business of life
The best seat in the house : stories from the NHL, inside the room, on the ice and on the bench
I'll never write my memoirs
The narrator and the narrative techniques in Kurt Vonnegut's Galápagos
The truth about the Harry Quebert affair
Grant Fuhr : the story of a hockey legend
Handbook of narratology
The wings
The art of voice acting : the craft and business of performing for voice-over
Summary.
Garcia de Orta's Colloquies on the Simples and Drugs of India (1563) was one of the first books to take advantage of the close relationship between medicine, trade and empire in the early modern period. The book was printed in Goa, the capital of the Portuguese empire in the East, and the city where the author, a Portuguese physician of Jewish ancestry, lived for almost thirty years. It presents a vast array of medical information on various drugs, spices, plants, fruits and minerals native to India or adjoining territories. In addition, it includes information concerning indigenous methods of healing as well as a far-reaching assessment of ancient and modern authors on Asian materia medica. Orta's book had a market in Asia but was particularly valuable to a European audience. It soon attracted the attention of various European authors and printers by providing the basis for adaptations, commentaries and editions in various languages, prompting a successful and complex trail of medical knowledge in transit. Authored by an interdisciplinary team of prominent international scholars, the volume takes into account recent historiographical trends and provides a contextualized and innovative analysis of the histories and reception of the Colloquies. It emphasizes the value of the work to historians today as a symbol of the impact of geographical expansion and globalization in a sixteenth-century medical world.
Nicholson : a biography
The grammar of fantasy : an introduction to the art of inventing stories
Monster : the autobiography of an L.A. gang member
Psychonarratology : foundations for the empirical study of literary response
Last man standing : tales from Tinseltown
Robert Kennedy : his life
12 years a slave
Vice : Dick Cheney and the hijacking of the American presidency
The personal camera : subjective cinema and the essay film
Handbook of narrative analysis
Narrative research : voices of teachers and philosophers
Henry VIII : king and court
Memoirs of Matti Hopia : 1948-1951 : Part 2/3
The making of Donald Trump
Siren songs : gender, audiences, and narrators in the Odyssey
Careless whispers : the life & career of George Michael
Year of yes : how to dance it out, stand in the sun and be your own person
Worst. Person. Ever
The profession of violence : the rise and fall of the Kray twins
Secrets of voice-over success : top voice-over artists reveal how they did it
The narrator's voice in Kalevala and Kalevipoeg
Berki János mesél cigány és magyar nyelven = Tales of János Berki told in Gypsy and Hungarian
This volume deals with the occurrence and development of unreliable first-person narration in twentieth century Western literature. The different articles approach this topic both from the angle of literary theory and through a close reading of literary texts from a variety of national literatures, including French, Italian, German, British, Dutch, Danish and Polish. In this way, the collection highlights the different uses to which unreliability has been put in different contexts, poetical traditions and literary movements.
The first-person narrator and his development in V. S. Naipaul's novel Miguel Street - studies in the narrative technique
Unleashed : The Story of Tool
Finnish summary.
A passion for nature : the life of John Muir
Elusive subjects : biography as gendered metafiction
The orphan's tales. Vol. II : In the cities of coin and spice
Technoromanticism : digital narrative, holism, and the romance of the real
Jamie McLennan spent twenty years playing professional hockey. Sort of. As the backup for such legendary goalies as Grant Fuhr, Ron Hextall, Roberto Luongo, and Miikka Kiprusoff, he saw everything—except much playing time. In The Best Seat in the House, McLennan looks back on his unique career, from breaking into the NHL, to working with the legends, to life on the road and in the league, offering readers an unprecedented glimpse into life inside the locker room.
Chaucer's narrators and the rhetoric of self-representation
Free indirect discourse in early Finnish novels by Fredrika Runeberg and Zacharias Topelius
A poetics of personification
The patient as text : the role of the narrator in psychiatric notes, 1890-1990
Neo-slave narratives : studies in the social logic of a literary form
Good to go : the life and times of a decorated member of the U.S. Navy's elite SEAL Team Two
Paid for : my journey through prostitution
Trump revealed : an American journey of ambition, ego, money, and power
Dynamic dichotomy : the poetic "I" in fourteenth- and fifteenth-century French lyric poetry
The autobiographical ana of Robley Dunglison, M.D
Narrative consciousness : structure and perception in the fiction of Kafka, Beckett, and Robbe-Grillet
Capote : a biography
Peter and the wolf op. 67
Silent reading and the birth of the narrator
Gregor Tassie describes Nikolay Myaskovsky as "one of the great enigmas of 20th-century Russian music." Between the two world wars, the symphonies of Myaskovsky enjoyed great popularity and were performed by all major American and European orchestras; they were some of the most inspiring symphonic works of the last hundred years and prolonged the symphonic genre. But accusations of "formalism" at the 1948 USSR Composers Congress resulted in the purposeful neglect of his music until the collapse of the Soviet Union. Myaskovsky wrote some of the most inspiring symphonic works of the last hundred years and prolonged and extended the symphonic genre. In Nikolay Myaskovsky: The Conscience of Russian Music, Tassie gives readers the first modern English-language biography of this Russian composer since his death in 1950. Tassie draws together information from the composer's diaries and letters, as well as the memoirs of friends and colleagues-even his secret police files-to chronicle Myaskovsky's early life, subsequent far-reaching influence as a composer, teacher, and journalist, and his final persecution by the Soviet government. This biography will surely rekindle interest in Myaskovsky's remarkable body of work and will interest aficionados, students, and scholars of the modern classical music tradition and history of the arts in Russia.
Oral tradition today : an introduction to the art of storytelling
MJ : the genius of Michael Jackson
Constructing socio-cultural belonging in narrative and questionnaire data
Echo chambers : figuring voice in modern narrative
Story as vehicle : teaching English to young children
Answering the call : the doctor who made Africa his life : the remarkable life of Albert Schweitzer
Autobiography and the police : the cultural politics of Leena Lehtolainen's crime fiction
Straight shooter : the Brad Park story
Tove Jansson : life, art, words : the authorised biography / Boel Westin ; translated by Silvester Mazzarella
Open city : reading signs of uncertain times in New York and Brussels
Arik : the life of Ariel Sharon
The emperor and the nightingale
Fiction & diction
Narratoly : an introduction
Identifying the story-teller in John Irving's The world according to Garp
Fictions to live in : narration as an argument for fiction in Salman Rushdie's novels
David Bowie : a biography
Beethoven
Proust, the one, and the many : identity and difference in A la recherche du temps perdu
Lavish self-divisions : the novels of Joyce Carol Oates
History and histography in contemporary Finnish novel
Narrative unreliability in the twentieth-century first-person novel
Kinds of unreliability in fiction : narrational, focal, expositional and combined
Narrative
You can't touch my hair and other things I still have to explain
Herb Brooks : the inside story of a hockey mastermind
Margaret Thatcher : the iron lady
Poetics of children's literature
One of your own : the life and death of Myra Hindley
The Routledge international handbook on narrative and life history
The story of my life
The lone samurai : the life of Miyamoto Musashi
The implied author : concept and controversy
H is for hawk
Narrative fiction : contemporary poetics
Author representation in literary reading
John Le Carré : the biography
This short biography of the famous composer Richard Wagner details his life, his works and gives the reader an interesting guide to the style that defined this master of operas and other musical works. This version has been specifically edited and formatted for today's e-readers, and makes an excellent addition to any music-related book collection.
