http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1498 priesthood
priesthood
Priesthood and diaconate : the recipient of the Sacrament of Holy Orders from the perspective of creation theology and christology
A history of women and ordination. Vol. 2, The priestly office of women : God's gift to a renewed church
Psychological assessment of candidates to the Catholic priesthood : a comparison between bishops' and psychologists' views
Ministerial ethics : moral formation for church leaders
The books of Leviticus and Numbers
From Joshua to Caiaphas : high priests after the exile
Handbook for liturgical studies. Volume 4, Sacraments and sacramentals
Embroidered garments : priests and gender in biblical Israel
Priestly rule : polemic and biblical interpretation in Ezekiel 44
Prophetic oracles in the books of Isaiah and Ezekiel evidence tensions about the Jerusalem temple and its priesthood in Persian Yehud. MacDonald's Priestly Rule challenges the scholarly consensus about how these texts relate to each other. He demonstrates how important written prophetic oracles were in the early Jewish community and disputes the dominance of a Zadokite priestly family in the Second Temple period.
Workers of wonders : a model for effective religious leadership from Scripture to today
For life abundant : practical theology, theological education, and Christian ministry
Post-exilic polemic over the priesthood -- Ezekiel 44 in modern scholarship -- History and hermeneutics, redaction and reception -- Methodological issues in examining inner-biblical interpretation -- Methodological issues in redaction-criticism -- Overview and prospect -- The rule of priests -- Yhwh's reproach of Israel -- The identity of the foreigners in Ezekiel 44 -- Isaiah 56 and its relationship to Ezekiel 44 -- Yhwh's reproach -- The word of Judgement -- The Levites of Ezekiel 44 -- A Torah concerning the Levites -- The sins of the past -- Bearing sin -- The sons of Zadok -- The composition of Ezekiel 44:6¿16 -- The rules for priests -- The continuation of the divine oracle in the priestly rules -- The priests and their inheritance -- The priests and their vestments -- Priestly conduct -- The instruction concerning hair -- The instruction concerning alcohol -- The instruction concerning marital partners -- The instruction concerning teaching and judicial roles -- The instruction concerning dead bodies -- The relationship between the instructions in Ezekiel 44 and Leviticus 10 and 21 -- The structure and composition of the rules in Ezekiel 44:20:27 -- The missing high priest -- Priestly perquisites -- A pentateuchal compendium -- A précis of priestly income -- Giving each its due -- The prohibition against consuming animal carcasses -- The composition of Eekiel 44:6:31 -- Zadok and the sons of Zadok in Second Temple Judaism -- Zadok and his family in the Book of Chronicles -- The sons of Zadok at Qumran and in the Damascus document -- The sons of Zadok in Ben Sira -- Josephus and the Zadokites -- The Sadducees -- Conclusion -- Conclusions -- Text and historical reality -- The end of the Zadokites -- The beginnings of the Levites -- The Hebrew Bible and the Dead Sea Scrolls.
The permanent diaconate : its history and place in the sacrament of orders
You are a priest forever : Second Temple Jewish messianism and the priestly christology of the Epistle to the Hebrews
Levites and priests in biblical history and tradition
The coming Catholic Church : how the faithful are shaping a new American Catholicism
What do we mean by "order"? : a Lutheran perspective
The new reformation : returning the ministry to the people of God
Theological foundations for ministry : selected readings for a theology of the church in ministry
A fundamental practical theology : Descriptive and strategic proposals
The process of admission to ordained ministry : a comparative study. Vol. 3, Contemporary rites and general conclusions
Ministry through word and sacrament
Metaphors of ministry : biblical images for leaders and followers
The Orthodox pastor : a guide to pastoral theology
The priesthood : the most noble calling
Christus sacerdos in the preaching of St. Augustine : Christ and Christian identity
Called and ordained : Lutheran perspectives on the office of the ministry
Jesus our priest : a Christian approach to the priesthood of Christ
Spiritual fatherhood : Evagrius Ponticus on the role of the spiritual father
Called to communion : understanding the Church today
The ordination of women to the priesthood : first report by the House of Bishops
This is our story : Free Church women's ministry
Bishop lists : formation of apostolic succession of bishops in ecclesiastical crises
The papal "No" : a comprehensive guide to the Vatican's rejection of women's ordination
The priests in the prophets : the portrayal of priests, prophets, and other religious specialists in the latter prophets
Vested in grace : priesthood and marriage in the Christian East
The ministry of the missional church : a community led by the Spirit
Ministry in the Church : a historical and pastoral approach
Women in ministry : emerging questions about the diaconate
Ice
The priestly vision of Genesis 1
The liturgical ministry of deacons
The pastor-evangelist in the parish
Priesthood and cult in ancient Israel
The diaconate : a full and equal order
When the minister is a woman
A people adrift : the crisis of the Roman Catholic Church in America
Women and the priesthood
A theology of church and ministry
Handbook for curates : a late medieval manual on pastoral ministry
Called to witness and service : conversations between The British and Irish Anglican Churches and The French Lutheran and Reformed Churches, the Reuilly Common Statement with essays on church, eucharist and ministry
The original bishops : office and order in the first Christian communities
Same call, different men : the evolution of the priesthood since Vatican II
This study is the first systematic examination to be undertaken of the high priesthood in ancient Israel, from the earliest local chief priests in the pre-monarchic period down to the Hasmonaean priest-kings in the first century BCE.
Ministry and priesthood
Come Holy Spirit : learning to minister in power
The Catholic priesthood and the English Reformation
One calling in Christ : the laity in the Orthodox Church : papers from the Annual Meeting of the Orthodox Theological Society in America 2004
The Ordination of women in Lutheran churches : analysis of an LWF survey
Caught in the pulpit : leaving belief behind
The contemplative pastor : returning to the art of spiritual direction
Working the angles : the shape of pastoral integrity
Death in holy orders
Mastering the pastoral role
Ministry, women, bishops : report of an International Consultation Cartigny, Switzerland, 1992.
In follow-up to her acclaimed Privilege of Being a Woman, Dr. von Hildebrand expands the discussion to explore how the fullness of human nature is found in the perfect union between man and woman. God chose to create man doubly complex. He made man of both soul and body a spiritual reality and a material reality. To crown this complexity, He created them male and female. Dr. von Hildebrand elucidates the tragic separation that happened with original sin and the consequences of this brokenness in the world today: the distortion of the male and female genius, supernatural blindness, and the triumph of secularism. She explores how this brokenness can be healed by following God's Divine plan for man and woman. We see this first and foremost in our Blessed Mother, exemplar of the path to holiness. This is also seen in the characteristics of saintly male / female relationships between husbands and wives, fathers and daughters, mothers and sons, brothers and sisters, and holy friendships. It is only by coming to more fully understand the Divine plan for man and woman, and submitting ourselves to His plan, that true complementarity harmony of body and soul, male and female can be accomplished.
Jesus, Paul and John
The pastor as theologian : the integration of pastoral ministry, theology and discipleship
On the Priesthood and the Holy Eucharist : according to St. Symeon of Thessalonica, Patriarch Kallinikos of Constantinople and St. Mark Eugenikos of Ephesus
The Catholic priesthood and women : a guide to the teaching of the church
The ministry of women in the early church
The origin of priesthood
Episcopal ministry : the report of the archibishops' groupe on the episcopate
The ministry of women in the church : which way forward? : the case for the middle ground interpretation of the New Testament
Priesthood : a comparative study
Soul mending : the art of spiritual direction
Biographical texts from Ramessid Egypt
Should women be priests? : three sermons preached before the University of Oxford
The place of the woman in the Orthodox church and the question of the ordination of women : Rhodos, Greece, 30 October - 7 November 1988
Man and woman : a divine invention
The ordained women deacons of the Church's first millennium
The orthodox understanding of the ministry
Gift and mystery : on the fiftieth anniversary of my priestly ordination
Profession: minister
Whether they leave out of preference for another ministry or due to serious conflict, pastors who relinquish parish ministry face misunderstanding and even hostility. Pastors in Transition brings clarity to this little-examined aspect of the pastorate by examining the main reasons why pastors in five Protestant denominations have left parish ministry. The fruit of careful sociological research, Pastors in Transition presents the findings of the largest-ever study of recently ended ministries. More than 900 ex-ministers, representing the Assemblies of God, the Evangelical Lutheran Church in America, the Lutheran Church–Missouri Synod, the Presbyterian Church (USA), and the United Methodist Church, were surveyed or interviewed. Besides gathering facts and figures, the book contains personal stories, forthright opinions, and concrete recommendations from former pastors for strengthening parish ministry in the future.
Lutherans and Catholics in dialogue. 4, Eucharist & ministry
Vital ministry issues : examining concerns and conflicts in ministry
Christian ministerial priesthood : a search for its beginnings in the primary documents of the Apostolic Fathers
The nature and function of priesthood : a comparative and anthropological study
Women in the priesthood? : a systematic analysis in the light of the order of creation and redemption
Order of creation, order of redemption : the ordination of women in the Orthodox Church
For such a time as this : a renewed diaconate in the Church of England : a report to the General Synod of the Church of England of a Working Party of the House of Bishops
Pastors in transition : why clergy leave local church ministry
Serve the Lord with gladness : basic reflections on the Eucharist and the priesthood : our life in the liturgy - be my priest
A history of Old Testament priesthood
Walk in the ways of wisdom : essays in honor of Elisabeth Schüssler Fiorenza
Goodbye father : the celibate male priesthood and the future of the Catholic Church
The Mishnah's conception of the priesthood : the Aggadah versus the Halakhah
Beside still waters : resources for shepherds in the market place
Living in the image of Christ : the laity in ministry
Lifelong learning : theological education and supervision
The 21st century pastor : a vision based on the ministry of Paul
Yes to women priests
Ten power principles for Christian service : ministry dynamics for a new century
The priest as spiritual father : an Orthodox Christian homily, together with gems from St. John Damascene on the spiritual life, counsels of St. Gregory Palamas, and a discussion of the Ladder of Divine Ascent
Report of the Archbishops of Canterbury's Commission on Communion and Women in the Episcopate. Part 2, October 1989 and March 1990
Chaplains as doctors of the soul : navigating between the sacred and secular while negotiating a functional and ontological ministry identity
The early church at work and worship. Vol. 1, Ministry, ordination, covenant, and canon
Ministry by the people : theological education by extension
Zadok's heirs : the role and development of the high priesthood in ancient Israel
The Church of the Holy Spirit
Growing your church through training and motivation : 30 strategies to transform your ministry
A tent-making ministry : towards a more flexible form of ministry
The Catholic priest : his identity and values : a ministerial profile of the joliet presbyterate
Gender and ministry in early christianity and the church today
The process of admission to ordained ministry : a comparative study. Vol. 2, The first Lutheran, Reformed, Angilcan and Wesleyan rites
Education for ministry in the Church of Sweden
Priests and cults in the Book of the Twelve
Why priests? : a failed tradition
A theology of women ́s priesthood
A priesthood of both sexes : paying attention to difference
Pastors of promise : pointing to character and hope as the keys to fruitful shepherding
Report of the Archbishop of Canterbury's Commission on Communion and Women in the Episcopate. [Part 1], 1989
Feminism and tradition : quiet reflections on ordination and communion
St. Cyril of Alexandria's teaching on the priesthood
The two covenants and the priestly role of Jesus : the usage of Old Testament imagery in the Letter to Hebrews
A history of women and ordination. Vol. 1, The ordination of women in medieval context
Ritual and rhetoric in Leviticus : from sacrifice to scripture
The place of the woman in the Orthodox church and the question of the ordination of women : Interorthodox Symposium, Rhodos, Greece, 30 October - 7 November 1988
Making a good move : opening the door to a successful pastorate
Between God and man : six sermons on the priestly office
