http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14969 discharge (release from institution)
discharge (release from institution)
Surprisingly early in the Second World War - long before an Allied victory was assured - people began to plan for its aftermath. They were haunted by memories of what happened a generation before - when the millions of soldiers killed on the battlefields of the Great War had been eclipsed by the millions more civilians carried off by disease and starvation when the conflict was over. They were determined that this time around the ceasefire would not be followed by a civilian disaster. Confronted by an entire continent starving and uprooted, and with the help of a new UN body to aid the populations of Europe and Asia, Allied planners did not single out victims of the Nazi death camps for particular attention, but devised strategies to help all 'displaced persons' - as they had become known by 1943. Most of the fifteen million foreign labourers in Germany were speedily repatriated. But a million-and-a-half people - Jews, Poles, Ukrainians, Latvians, Lithuanians, Estonians and Yugoslavs - refused to go home. It took the Allies seven years to resolve this problem. They had to create the state of Israel, alter the whole basis of their immigration policy and let thousands of war criminals go free. This book offers a radical reassessment of the aftermath of World War II. Unlike most recent writing about the 1940s, it assesses the events and personalities of that decade in terms of contemporary standards and values. In particular, it shows that the tragic consequences of war were understood not in terms of genocide, but of displacement - of millions of people deprived of their homes and often forced to work for the Germans.
International assignments and employee development : case IKEA Backpacker Journey
The end of the Second World War in Europe gave way to a gigantic refugee crisis. Thoroughly prepared by Allied military planners, the swift repatriation of millions of former forced laborers, concentration camp inmates and prisoners of war nearly brought this dramatic episode top a close. Yet in September 1945, the number of displaced persons placed under the guardianship of Allied armies and relief agencies in occupied Germany amounted to 1.5 million. A costly burden for the occupying powers, the Jewish, Polish, Ukrainian, Yugoslav and Baltic DPs unwilling to return to their countries of origin presented a complex international problem. Massed in refugee camps stretched from Northern Germany to Sicily, the DPs had become long-term asylum seekers. Based on the records of the International Refugee Organization, this book describes how the European DP crisis impinged on the shape of the postwar order. The DP question directly affected the outbreak of the Cold War; the transformation of the "West" into a new geopolitical entity; the conduct of political purges and retribution; the ideology and methods of modern humanitarian interventions; the appearance of international agencies and non-governmental organizations; the emergence of an international human rights system; the organization of migration movements and the redistribution of "surplus populations"; the advent of Jewish nationhood; and postwar categorizations of political and humanitarian refugees.
Managing work related factors of re-entry : a comparative study between expatriates and diplomats
Caring for abused and neglected children : making the right decisions for reunification or long-term care
Summary in Finnish.
In war's wake : Europe's displaced persons in the postwar order
The chameleon's shadow
Back from Afghanistan : the experiences of Soviet Afghan war veterans ; Martyrdom and memory in post-socialist space
The ordeal of peace : demobilization and the urban experience in Britain and Germany, 1917-1921
When refugees go home : African experiences
The long road home : the aftermath of the Second World War
Who owns antiquity? : museums and the battle over our ancient heritage
Long-term institutional care among Finnish elderly population : trends and potential for discharge
Demobbed : coming home after World War Two
Discharge home in three hours after selective spinal anaesthesia : studies on the quality of anaesthesia with hyperbaric bupivacaine for ambulatory knee arthroscopy
THE CHALLENGES OF WOMEN EXPATRIATES REGARDING INTERNATIONAL ASSIGNMENT
Rehabilitation of cerebrovascular disorder (stroke): early discharge and support : A critical appraisal of the literature
The return of cultural treasures
From Home To Operation (FHTO) : a preoperative process
Repatriate career management practices in Finnish multinational companies
Discharge of the older people with fractured femur from acute hospital and health centre : international research project on elderly care : the national report from Finland
The émigré and the question of otherness : refugees, immigrants, repatriates on their way towards social participation
