http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1496 vampires
vampires
A passing stranger and other stories
American vampire. Volume seven
The immortal hunter
The little vampire moves in
How to be a Vampire : a fangs-on guide for the newly undead
The Van Alen legacy : A Blue Bloods novel
Wicked fantasy
Children of the vampire : the diaries of the family Dracul
Necroscope : the lost years  : Harry and the pirates
The Vampire players guide
Clockwork angel
Destined for an early grave
"The novel opens with the Vampire world in crisis...vampires have been proliferating out of control; burnings have commenced all over the world, huge massacres similar to those carried out by Akasha in The Queen of the Damned... Old vampires, roused from slumber in the earth are doing the bidding of a Voice commanding that they indiscriminately burn vampire-mavericks in cities from Paris and Mumbai to Hong Kong, Kyoto and San Francisco. As the novel moves from present day New York and the West Coast to Ancient Egypt, fourth century Carthage, 14th century Rome, the Venice of the Renaissance, the worlds and beings of all the Vampire Chronicles--from Louis de Pointe du Lac, the eternally young Armand whose face is that of a Boticelli angel; Mekare and Maharet, Pandora and Flavius; David Talbot, vampire and ultimate fixer from the Secret Talamasca, and Marius, the true child of the Millennia; along with all the other new seductive, supernatural creatures--come together in this large, luxuriant, fiercely ambitious novel to ultimately rise up and seek out who--or what--The Voice is, and to discover the secret of what it desires and why... And, at the book's center, the seemingly absent, curiously missing hero-wanderer, the dazzling, dangerous rebel-outlaw--the great "hope" of the Undead, the dazzling Prince Lestat.." --
Darkness before dawn
The book of fours : a historie of the four slayers, this being their first adventure
My lord immortality
Dark reunion
Nightfall
Into the fire : Night Prince Series, Book 4
Angel : After the fall. volume 2 : First night
Blood and gold : the vampire Marius
One grave at a time
The night I was chased by a vampire and other stories
The reluctant vampire
The complete book of vampires
The vampire's assistant
30 days of night : Night, again
Bite me if you can
Tangled threads
Magic shifts
Revamped!
Alpha and Omega
The struggle
Becoming Alpha
The vampire megapack : 27 modern and classic vampire stories
Vampires : the recent undead
Nikolai Wroth, a ruthless vampire general, will stop at nothing to find his Bride, the one woman who can blood him, making his heart beat and filling him with strength. Coldly interested only in the power his Bride will bring, he can hardly believe when Myst the Coveted awakens him body and soul. Famed throughout the world as the most beautiful Valkyrie, Myst has devoted her life to protecting a magical jewel and to fighting the vampires. Wroth provides her with the perfect opportunity to torment her sworn enemy
I thought vampires were our enemies--they controlled our lives, isolated our cities, and demanded our blood--until I met Victor. With Victor taking over as the new Lord Valentine, things were supposed to get better. Instead, they're worse than ever. Day Walkers, a new breed of vampires who can walk in the sun, are terrorizing the city. Blood supplies are low, and if Victor's vampires don't get enough, they will become infected with the Thirst--a disease that will turn them into mindless killers. To stop it, I must journey across the desolate wasteland to the very place where the sickness began. I can only hope that the answers that await me are enough to save us all . . . before it's too late.
Kisses from hell
The mammoth book of vampires
Blood of the earth
After daybreak : a Darkness before dawn novel
One foot in the grave
The bite before Christmas
Carry on
By blood we live
"FIRST IN A NEW TRILOGY   From Charlaine Harris, the bestselling author who created Sookie Stackhouse and her world of Bon Temps, Louisiana, comes a darker locale-populated by more strangers than friends. But then, that's how the locals prefer it.  Welcome to Midnight, Texas, a town with many boarded-up windows and few full-time inhabitants, located at the crossing of Witch Light Road and Davy Road. It's a pretty standard dried-up western town.  There's a pawnshop (someone lives in the basement and is seen only at night). There's a diner (people who are just passing through tend not to linger). And there's new resident Manfred Bernardo, who thinks he's found the perfect place to work in private (and who has secrets of his own).  Stop at the one traffic light in town, and everything looks normal. Stay awhile, and learn the truth... "--
All souls night
The eternal dawn
The turning
Blood and gold
Baltimore. Volume two : The curse bells
Spike : After the fall
Memoirs of a neurotic zombie
Ashes to ashes
Devil to pay
Model. volume three
Tunnels of blood
Blackwood farm
"Nadia must stop the evil sorceress Elizabeth before she lures the One Beneath to Captive's Sound, destroying the town and everyone Nadia holds dear at the same time"--
Tales of the slayers
Spider's trap
Twilight and history
Memnoch the devil
Master of the night
Must love hellhounds
Flight from mayhem
Up from the grave
Dracula celebrating 100 years
Development of the vampire character from Dracula through Interview with the Vampire to Dead until Dark
Before their world is destroyed completely, seventeen-year-old Dawn must convince the vampires to unite with humans against the evil Day Walkers.
In the company of vampires
This anthology presents 23 rare vampire stories written between 1867 & 1940.
The vampire of Highgate
Midnight
The dark heroine : dinner with a vampire
Touch the dark
When vampires begin to disappear and rumors of a new war surface, Cat Crawfield and her vampire husband Bones are forced to align themselves with the ghoul queen of New Orleans.
True blood and philosophy : we wanna think bad things with you
The beautiful ashes
Rises the night
The warlord wants forever
The vampire chronicles collection. Volume I
Flight from death
30 days of night : The beginning of the end. 1
By a thread
City of bones
Dracula's brood : neglected vampire classics by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle, M.R. James, Algernon Blackwood and others
The vampire book : the encyclopedia of the undead
Kiss of darkness
Angel : After the fall. volume 1
Night shift
One fell sweep
Trials of death
First drop of crimson
Bloody vampires
Lost in time : a Blue Bloods novel
The fall : book 2 of the strain trilogy
Dark needs at night's edge
Sons of destiny
Chapel of bones
My lord eternity
From Anne Rice, conjurer of the beloved best sellers Interview with the Vampire and Prince Lestat, an ambitious and exhilarating new novel of utopian vision and power   "In my dreams, I saw a city fall into the sea. I heard the cries of thousands. I saw flames that outshone the lamps of heaven. And all the world was shaken."--Anne Rice, Prince Lestat and the Realms of Atlantis    At the novel's center: the vampire Lestat de Lioncourt, hero, leader, inspirer, irresistible force, irrepressible spirit, battling (and ultimately reconciling with) a strange otherworldly form that has somehow taken possession of Lestat's undead body and soul. This ancient and mysterious power and unearthly spirit of vampire lore has all the force, history, and insidious reach of the unknowable Universe.  It is through this spirit, previously considered benign for thousands of vampire years and throughout the Vampire Chronicles, that we come to be told the hypnotic tale of a great sea power of ancient times; a mysterious heaven on earth situated on a boundless continent--and of how and why, and in what manner and with what far-reaching purpose, this force came to build and rule the great legendary empire of centuries ago that thrived in the Atlantic Ocean.  And as we learn of the mighty, far-reaching powers and perfections of this lost kingdom of Atalantaya, the lost realms of Atlantis, we come to understand its secrets, and how and why the vampire Lestat, indeed all the vampires, must reckon so many millennia later with the terrifying force of this ageless, all-powerful Atalantaya spirit.
Buffy the vampire slayer. 1
The lost novels of Bram Stoker
Twilight and philosophy : vampires, vegetarians, and the pursuit of immortality
The Gothic in contemporary interactive fictions
American Vampire. Volume two
Dancers in the dark
This side of the grave
Prince Lestat and the realms of Atlantis
The mammoth book of vampire romance
Clockwork prince
Sex, lies, and vampires
The rest falls away
Love Bites
American vampire. Volume eight
The awakening
The Gilda stories
Eternal kiss of darkness
Born to bite
Sex and the single vampire
The vampire Armand
"There is no such thing as bad publicity, except in Midnight, Texas, where the residents like to keep to themselves. Even in a town full of secretive people, Olivia Charity is an enigma. She lives with the vampire Lemuel, but no one knows what she does; they only know that she's beautiful and dangerous. Psychic Manfred Bernardo finds out just how dangerous when he goes on a working weekend to Dallas and sees Olivia there with a couple who are both found dead the next day. To make matters worse, one of Manfred's regular and very wealthy clients dies during a reading. Manfred returns from Dallas embroiled in scandal and hounded by the press. He turns to Olivia for help; somehow he knows that the mysterious Olivia can get things back to normal. As normal as things get in Midnight"--
Betrayed : a house of night novel
Baltimore. Volume 5 : The apostle and the witch or Harju
Let the right one in
Servant of the bones
Sweep in peace
Sherlock Holmes and the plague of Dracula
Steadfast : a Spellcaster novel
Angel : After the fall. volume 3
Halfway to the grave
Midnight alley ; Feast of fools
Menolly, an acrobat-turned-vampire and operative for the Otherworld Intelligence Agency, must finally confront her sire, Dredge, who, in partnership with the demon Shadow Wing, is turning humans into newborn vampires.
Happily never after
No rest for the wicked
Hungry for you
Midnight crossroad
Home for the holidays : a night huntress novella
At grave's end : a night huntress novel
Clean sweep
