http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14907 grey seal
grey seal
Juhana Blomstedt : vuoden taiteilija : Helsingin juhlaviikot = årets konstnär : Helsingfors festspel = artist of the year : Helsinki Festival
Carnegie art award : Nordic painting. 1999
A history of building types
Financing of Finnish ice stadiums
Energy efficient heating and ventilation of large halls
Visual approach chart - ICAO. Halli Aerodrome ; Landing chart
Marja Kanervo : vuoden taiteilija = årets konstnär = artist of the year
Death spiral
The market hall revisited : cultures of consumption in urban food retail during the long twentieth century
Under the midnight sun : Liisa cooks and tells
The princes of India : with a chapter on Nepal
Discovering requirements : how to specify products and services
When even money can't buy - ice sports conditions in Oulu
Consumer agency's guidelines for the promotion of safety at swimming pools and family spas
Spatial ecology of the grey seal and ringed seal in the Baltic Sea : seeking solutions to the coexistence of seals and fisheries
Best practices in spas : energy efficient and environmentally responsible operation modes in Mid Nordic and European public swimming pools and spas
Aquafun : first steps, learning by playing
Aerodrome obstacle chart - ICAO : type A (operating limitations). Halli Aerodrome, Finland : RWY 08-26
The organization and administration of playgrounds and recreation
Instrument approach chart - ICAO. Halli Aerodrome : 2 NDB RWY 26 : 2 NDB RWY 08
Outi Heiskanen : Helsingin juhlaviikot = Helsingfors festspel = Helsinki Festival : vuoden taiteilija = årets konstnär = artist of the year : 14.8.-14.9.1986 : Helsingin taidehalli = Helsingfors konsthall = Helsinki Art Exhibition Hall
Biomarkers for exposure and for the effects of contamination with polyhalogenated aromatic hydrocarbons in Baltic ringed and grey seals
Ympäristökilpailukyvyn edistäminen Keskipohjolassa : Keskipohjolakomiten ProMidNord-hankkeen WP 2 (Work Package) -osion loppuraportti = Improving the eco-competitiveness in the Mid Nordic region : final report of WP 2 (Work Package) -work in the Mid Nordic Committee's ProMidNord-project
Sports facilities and technologies
Environmental profile of the swimming pool customers : the customer survey results
Big shed
Betsy makes a splash
Modern masters '89 : Helsingin taidehalli May 17-July 30 1989
Villan aika : kuvia Tampereen Verkatehtaasta = Ullens tidevarv : Tammerfors Klädesfabrik i bilder = Woollen times : the Tampere Woollen Mill pictured
Carolus Enckell : årets konstnär = vuoden taiteilija = artist of the year
Instrument approach chart - ICAO, Halli Aerodrome : NDB RWY 26 : ILS RWY 26
Indoor air pollution and health risks in Finnish ice arenas
Though spectator and player security has always been a priority for sport and facility managers at all levels, large-scale threats such as terrorism or natural disasters have become even more critical management concerns. Proactive sport and facility managers understand the role they must take in working with local law enforcement, contracted security personnel, and their own employees to adequately plan for and respond to threats both manmade and natural. Security Management for Sports and Special Events An Interagency Approach to Creating Safe Facilities presents a systematic approach to stadium and venue security. Unlike traditional risk management books that present guidelines to promote safety and discourage litigation in sport and recreation settings, Security Management for Sports and Special Events deals specifically with natural disasters, terrorism, crowd control problems, and other large scale threats. As sport and facility managers seek to broaden their building management capabilities, this text offers detailed guidance in improving the quality, coordination, and responsiveness of security protocols within their facilities. With this text, sport and facility managers examine the concerns and challenges to security and emergency planning for both sport and non sport events held at their facilities. Security Management for Sports and Special Events offers an organized explanation of event security to support the planning, implementation, and communication of security and emergency plans to staff and game day hires as well as the assessment of emergency preparation. Drawing on numerous examples from both in and out of sport, readers will consider the challenges, solutions, best practices, and prescriptions for coordinating the efforts of staff, law enforcement, and security personnel. Readers will find an array of tools that assist in understanding and implementing the material presented:Case studies at the end of each chapter and Lessons Learned sections that summarize and apply the information to a real-world scenario Chapter goals and application questions that provide a clear map for the chapter and promote critical thinking of the issues Sidebars throughout the text that provide examples of important current issues in sport and event security management Reproducible checklists, forms, and additional resources that help in designing and implementing plans More than 20 appendix items, including key guidelines, checklists, and needs assessments Emphasizing interagency development and a team approach to sport event security management, Security Management for Sports and Special Events allows sport and facility managers to lessen risk, control insurance costs, and uphold the integrity of their facilities through security management procedures. The text is developed according to the requirements of the Department of Homeland Security s National Incident Management System (NIMS) and serves as the manual for managers seeking to achieve the SESA Seal of Approval offered by the University of Southern Mississippi s National Center for Spectator Sports Safety and Security (NCS4). Developed by the authors and the only dedicated research facility for sport security management,NCS4 is on the cutting edge of researching and assessing game-day operations for security and crisis management. Security Management for Sports and Special Events is a practical resource for identifying and managing potential threats to fans and players safety. With proper protocols in place and a coordinated response, sport and facility professionals can ensure the safety of participants and spectators from terrorism, natural disasters, and other potential encounters.
The aim of this thesis was to study the effects of sound reverberation on noise levels in the gymnastics areas of the new sports hall. The sports club commissioned this thesis after identifying a problem in the new sports hall, as the gymnasts reported that background noise due to poor acoustics was disturbing their concentration and speech intelligibility. The sound reverberation time was measured to find out the acoustic response. The reverberation time was measured in three large open gymnastic areas that are separated from each other by walls. The results of the measurements show that reverberation times in two out of the three gymnastic areas exceed the recommended limits on voice frequencies. Only one gymnastics area had values inside the limits. Based on the results, the conclusion can be drawn that long reverberation is increasing the background noise. As an improvement, installation of acoustic panels or intermediate curtains is proposed in order to reduce the reverberation in the gymnastic areas. Acoustic panels should be attached to the sound-reflective walls in such a way that at least two adjacent perpendicular walls are paneled. Each of the gymnastic areas should be paneled in this way. Roof paneling is optional since the soft training platforms on the floor are sufficient to decrease the vertical reverberation.
Pool lifeguard : training manual
Managing a multipurpose arena from a strategic perspective : a case study Hartwall Areena
Tapio Junno : Helsingin juhlaviikkojen vuoden taiteilija = Helsingfors festspel, årets konstnär = Helsinki Festival artist of the year : Helsingin taidehalli = Helsingfors konsthall = Helsinki Art Exhibition Hall : 14.8.-13.9.1987
The economics and politics of sports facilities
Instrument approach chart - ICAO. Halli Aerodrome : VOR/DME RWY 26
Rural resource use and environmentalisation : governance challenges in Finnish coastal fisheries
Present state and future of Baltic seals in the Gulf of Finland
Logistics costs of purchasing, transportation and materials receiving in finnish aircraft manufacturing
Aerodrome obstacle chart - ICAO : type A (operating limitations). Halli  Aerodrome, Finland : RWY 08-26
Instrument approach chart - ICAO. Halli Aerodrome : 2 NDB RWY 08
Corporate architecture in Finland in the 1940s and 1950s : factory building as architecture, investment and image
Security management for sports and special events : an interagency approach to creating safe facilities
Underground facilities : experience, design, realisation
Foreign agents in Russia : discoursive analysis on foreign agents in Russia 2012-2013
Architecture for sport : new concepts and international projects for sport and leisure
Silja Rantanen : vuoden taiteilija = årets konstnär = artist of the year
Plunge into the pirate pool
A taste of chlorine
Ultraviolet light as an addition to current water treatment methods at Pori central swimming hall
A dream comes true : world's largest floorball centre completed in Helsinki
Maan henki : 20.11.-19.12.1993 Helsingin taidehalli = Spirit of Maa : 20.11.-19.12.1993 Helsinki Art Hall
Hiiltä seinällä = Charcoal on the wall
Carnegie art award : Nordic painting. 1998
Population structure, movements and site fidelity of grey seals in the Baltic Sea
Gymnastics safety manual : The official manual of the United States gymnastics safety association
Summary.
Horse stable and riding arena design
Muutoksen aika 1905-1930 : venäläistä avantgardea neuvostoliittolaisista yksityiskokoelmista = Förändringens tid 1905-1930 : ryskt avantgarde ur sovjetiska privatsamlingar = Time of change 1905-1930 : Russian avant-garde from private Soviet collections
Sports & leisure : architecture in Finland
Instrument approach chart-ICAO. Halli Aerodrome : ILS RWY 26
Spend, spend, spend! : a history of shopping
Single storey buildings
Effects of sound reverberation on noise levels in the gymnastics areas of the Ikuri sports hall
Sculptor 90 [Suomen kuvanveistäjäliiton 80-vuotisnäyttely] = [The 80th anniversary exhibition of the Association of Finnish Sculptors] : [10.3.-1.4.1990 Helsingin taidehalli, 21.4.-3.6.1990 Aineen tai
Näkemisen kentät : Vapaa taidekoulu 1935-85 : näyttely 1.-24.11.1985, Helsingin taidehalli = Seendets fält : Fria konstskolan 1935-85 : utställning 1.-24.11.1985, Helsingfors konsthall = Spheres of seeing : Free Art School 1935-85 : exihibition 1.-24.11.1985, Helsinki Art Exhibition Hall
Retail : architecture + shopping
A social history of swimming in England, 1800-1918 : splashing in the Serpentine
Tourists, signs and the city : the semiotics of culture in an urban landscape
Abstract. - Tiivistelmä (Abstract in Finnish).
