http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14982 labour turnover
labour turnover
Needed a reorientation in labour turnover research
Job satisfaction and organisational commitment of hired workforce in restaurant X : - a case study
Non-wage benefits, costs of turnover and labor attachment : evidence from Russian firms
From turnover to teamwork : how to build and retain a customer-oriented foodservice staff
Unravelling the mystery of regional unemployment in Finland
Labor flows in the corporate context : a case study of the managerial use of human resources and employee mobility
As the relevance of human resources in organisations is widely acknowledged, job satisfaction and commitment are essential issues for managers to consider. Job satisfaction of the employees is important to improve performance. It is also beneficial for managers to retain the valuable employees in the company. Literature review covers our main topics-job satisfaction and organisational commitment. Also, labour turnover and retention will be discussed in theory due to their relevance to the main topics.  The main aim of this research is to pinpoint the elements of satisfaction and dissatisfaction of hired work force and to assess the level of their commitment to their work and restaurant X.   The empirical part of this thesis was of qualitative nature and was conducted by interviewing six hired employees of Restaurant X by asking open-ended questions with a semi-structured question basis. Interviews were conducted over a six-week period during November and December 2005. One of the authors is employed by Restaurant X so her observations were used as the secondary research method. The interview material was analysed by dividing data into categories and diving each category further based on the material. Finally, conclusions were made about the job satisfaction and commitment of the hired workforce of Restaurant X.  The research results suggest that the job satisfaction of the hired work force in restaurant X is fairly high. Main issues of job satisfaction were variety of work and a good social atmosphere. Issues that were causing dissatisfaction were to do with orientation and lack of clarity in tasks or positions.
The turnover of jobs and workers in Finland
Young registered nurses' intent to leave the profession in Finland : a mixed-method study
Worker inflow, outflow and churning
Labour market adjustments in Europe
Competing for global talent
A study on gross job flows of SMEs in Finland : the importance of employees' characteristics
Perceptions on labour turnover : a case study of hotels in Helsinki
The creation and analysis of employer-employee matched data
"The hospitality and tourism sector is a large and rapidly expanding industry worldwide, and can rightfully be described as a vehicle of globalisation. Hotels are among the cornerstones of the industry often drawing workers from the most vulnerable segments of multicultural labour markets, accommodating and entertaining tourists and business travellers from around the world. This book explores the organisation of work, worker identities and worker strategies in hotel workplaces, as they are located in heterogeneous labour markets being changed by processes of globalisation. It uses an explicitly geographical approach to understand how different groups of workers experience and respond to challenges in the hospitality industry, and is based on recent theoretical debates and empirical research on hotel workplaces in cities as different as Oslo, Goa, London, Las Vegas and Toronto. A multi-scalar analysis is taken where concrete worker bodies and their physical, emotional and embodied labour are seen in relation to, among other aspects: the regulation of national and regional labour markets, city governments with global city ambitions, and global corporate actors and labour migration patterns. The book sheds light on the hotel workplace as a hierarchical and fragmented social space as well as addressing questions on worker mobility, the fragmentation of work, scales of organisation and how workers can help shape the regulation of their industry. This timely volume brings together contributions from international academics and is valuable reading for all those interested in hospitality, tourism, human geography and globalisation"--
Regional disparities in gross job and worker flows in Finland
Labour market dynamics in the Russian Federation
Global "body shopping" : an Indian labor labor system in the information technology industry
A hospitable world? : organising work and workers in hotels and tourist resorts
Transferability of human capital and job switches
The turnover of jobs and workers in a deep recession : evidence from the Finnish business sector
Merchants of labour
Skill distribution of recruits in Finnish industry
Empirical studies on labour demand, wages and job displacements
Motivational strategies for improving performance and productivity in the micro-finance banking sector
Labour force response to technological change : an analysis of Finnish manufacturing in 1980-1994
Oil extraction in extreme remoteness : the organisation of work and long-distance commuting in Russia's northern resource peripheries
Working in Silicon Valley : economic and legal analysis of a high-velocity labor market
Unobserved human capital and firm-size premium
