http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1490 mental pictures
mental pictures
Sparta in moderns thought
Falling in love again : romantic comedy in contemporary cinema
Perceptions of Students of Rovaniemi University of Applied Sciences on the Brand of Fazer Food Services
Pragmatics of modality in British online newspaper discourse
Images of women in the media
The play of the imagination : toward a psychoanalysis of culture
The countryside ideal : Anglo-American images of landscape
Argumentation on the image of Finland in the EU, the Ministry of Education as a rhetorician, 1994-2005
The Lighter Side of Finland : the world's funniest Finnish guidebook: culture, people, places and etiquette
Consumer behaviour : a European perspective
Vertical and horizontal category structures in consumer decision making : the nature of product hierarchies and the effect of brand typicality
The brand handbook
How to crystallize an organization's identity : case Mediaplanet
Preliminary Analysis on the Finnish market– Case Study 7-Eleven
Converging interests : traders, travelers, and tourists in Southeast Asia
Placebo is for real : how to apply the placebo effect to consumer marketing
Brand sense : how to build powerful brands through touch, taste, smell, sight, and sound
Generation of artist's brand image in fine art licensing business
Within : a spiritual awakening to love & weight loss
Richard Bandler's guide to trance-formation : make your life great
Imagery in psychology : a reference guide
Human potential : exploring techniques used to enhance human performance
Employer image among summer trainees 2010: Case Wärtsilä Finland Oy
The marketing imagination
The act of seeing : essays and conversations
Greedy murderers of Christ : images of the Jews in the Late Medieval pilgrimage accounts
Dreamworld Tibet : western illusions
Branded?
Europe - the Nordic countries
Latin America through Soviet eyes : the evolution of Soviet perceptions during the Brezhnev era 1964-1982
What Happens When We Die : A Ground-breaking Study into the Nature of Life and Death
Destination countries' risk image as perceived by Finnish travellers
The ultimate book of business brands : insights from the world's 50 greatest brands
Media perceptions and portrayals of pastoralists in Kenya, India and China
The images of the Japanese in the Western World
The significance of the employer image in the recruitement process : case: company X
Summary.
Brand identity and brand image of DIDRICHSEN museum
Brand personality, image and attitude towards a brand
Contemporary Japan from European perspective
Perception of place : the case of Finland
Keep any promise : a blueprint for designing your future
Positive drinking : control the alcohol before It controls you!
Brand apart
Meeting the Hong Kong tourism market with Finnish products : a Case Study of the Kuhmo Chamber Music Festival
Stubborn and silent Finns with 'sisu' in Finnish-American literature : an imagological study of Finnishness in the literary production of Finnish-American authors
Corporate image management : a marketing discipline for the 21st century
Objects and images : studies in design and advertising
Place branding is happening. A new field of practice and study is in existence and whatever we choose to call it there can no longer be any doubt that it is with us. This collection of intuitive and well-reserached articles examines how places and regions see themselves, and how they reflect this in their branding.
Brand culture
Authenticity : contending with the new consumer sensibility
"And now to the rest of the trash..." : representations of begging Roma and an ideal society in two Nordic newspapers
Everything you know about science is wrong
Stereotypical images of the United States : heterostereotypes held by Finnish former high school exchange students
In Biopolitical Screens, Pasi Väliaho charts and conceptualizes the imagery that composes our affective and conceptual reality under twenty-first-century capitalism. Väliaho investigates the role screen media play in the networks that today harness human minds and bodies -- the ways that images animated on console game platforms, virtual reality technologies, and computer screens capture human potential by plugging it into arrangements of finance, war, and the consumption of entertainment. Drawing on current neuroscience and political and economic thought, Väliaho argues that these images work to shape the atomistic individuals who populate the neoliberal world of accumulation and war. Väliaho bases his argument on a broad notion of the image as something both visible and sayable, detectable in various screen platforms but also in scientific perception and theoretical ideas. After laying out the conceptual foundations of the book, Väliaho offers focused and detailed investigations of the current visual economy. He considers the imagery of first-person shooter video games as tools of "neuropower"; explores the design and construction of virtual reality technologies to treat post-traumatic stress disorder in veterans of Iraq and Afghanistan; and examines three instances of video installation art that have the power to disrupt the dominant regime of sensibility rather than reinforce it.
Every seventh wave
In search of an order : mutual representations in Sweden and Russia during the early Age of Reason
A corporate web site's role in strengthening the company's image as an employer
Tourism and Mining Industry : Theories about and Image
Global war - local views : media images of the Iraq war
Formation of the internal employer brand : case Nordea
Master your inner game and maximize your performance
Modernity at large : cultural dimensions of globalization
Beyond the brand : why engaging the right customers is essential to winning in business
Personality functioning and psychotherapy outcome
The food sector in transition - Nordic research : proceedings of NJF-seminar no. 313, June 2000
Employer Branding for SMEs : Attracting Graduating Students in IT Industry
Daughter of fire and ice
The memory illusion : remembering, forgetting, and the science of false memory
Finland's country brand in the light of recent brand reports
India through the Western lens : creating national images in film
Global tangos : travels in the transnational imaginary
Towards a theory of the image
200 ways of using imagery in the classroom
Subjective, shared, sudden or planned? : place images revisited
Perception of Finnish space by foreign students
Interaction between Vietnamese enterprises and consultancy in visual branding
Kidding ourselves : the hidden power of self-deception
Students' image of England : stereotypes perpetuated by the school and the media
Employer Branding for SMEs: Attracting Graduating Students in IT Industry
"A Land flowing with milk and honey" : visions of Israel from biblical to modern times
Social networking and impression management : self-presentation in the digital age
Faravid. 30. 2006 : Pohjois-Suomen historiallisen yhdistyksen vuosikirja = Acta Societatis historicae Finlandiae septentrionalis
The brand handbook : with 120 illustrations, 93 in colour
The Zahir : a novel of obsession
Representations of Maori culture
Lovely Market consumer promise delivery through internal communications at AM House
Europa im Ostblock : Vorstellungen und Diskurse (1945 - 1991) = Europe in the Eastern Bloc
When you picture a librarian, what do you imagine? An old white woman with glasses and a prudish disposition? That is the image that many people conjure up when asked to picture a librarian; with 82 per cent of the professional force being female and the average age of a librarian at 45, coupled with popular stereotypical images, it is difficult to dispute the perceptions. But there is more to librarians than meets the eye. This book will explore the origin of the image and popular media images of the librarian, in addition to the effects of the stereotype, and the challenges to the perception of librarians today.
Reputation management : a study of leading Finnish companies
Linguistic and multimodal insights into the tourist brochures
Bad reputation - bad reality? : the intertwining and contested images of a place
The creation of the Small New England Town in Alice Hoffman’s Massachusetts novels:a cultural imagological study
Public knowledge, perception and factors associated with 2009 h1n1 swine influenza vaccination : a literature review
Book of meditation : learn how to use meditation and visualization for inner-calm, and physical and spiritual well-being
Cultural images of a good mother and a good father in three generations
Helsinki’s Image as a Tourism Destination in St Petersburg
Human conceptualisation processes as a perspective on the design and evaluation of user-interfaces
Biopolitical screens : image, power, and the neoliberal brain
The human face reconsidered
Faces of politicians : babyfacedness predicts inferred competence but not electoral success
People like us  : misrepresenting the Middle East
Finnish buyers’ perceptions of Indian textile and clothing suppliers : Country of origin in focus
Dealing with nervousness
The creation of the small New England town in Alice Hoffman's Massachusetts novels : a cultural imagological study
Images of Britain : a case study of Finnish secondary school pupils
The purpose of this thesis is to examine a corporate web site's role in strengthening the company's image as a potential employer. The goal is to find out how university students perceive the client company's web site and how this web site could be developed to help it correspond better to students' career aspirations. The client company's success in the market is closely linked to their human capital, which highlights the importance of attracting talented university graduates. The framework of the thesis consists of the different elements that affect an employer's image. It examines how the general corporate image affects a specific employer's image. After this, it looks at how recruitment communication and a corporate web site can be used to increase an organization's attractiveness to potential employees. As part of my thesis I conducted a Webropol survey for the third-year students of Aalto University School of Economics. The survey was conducted in May 2012. The first part of the survey examined the same factors than the employer image surveys conducted in 2011 and 2010 by Universum. However, the main focus in this case was on the client company's web site and how it reflects the desired employer image. The survey reveals that these students value the same things that they traditionally have valued, i.e. possibilities for training and development and a pleasant work environment. These students also consider a corporate web site as their preferred source of information, as was previously the case. However, the aspects that students consider the most important are not visible enough on the client company's web site. The company should focus on simplifying their employment content information and navigation so that students could find the relevant information more easily. One developmental suggestion was also to increase the transparency between the company and students.
Hotel graphics : creative hotel identity designs in Japan
On topobiography; or, how to write one ̀s place
Creative visualization for dummies
In Is that a fact? Dr. Joe Schwarcz helps you separate fact from fiction amid the storm of misinformation that today's media throws at us. Dr. Joe questions the reliability and the motives of "experts" in this engaging and critical look at what's fact and what's plain nonsense when it comes to deciding what to eat, what chemicals to avoid, and what's best for the environment.
Current external brand perception of Fincomm Airlines
Purity and danger now : new perspectives
The objective of the thesis was to research the brand image of an aesthetic surgery provider (private hospital) among women aged 25-75 years old living in the Suur-Helsinki area. The intention was to find out how well people are aware of this service provider, what kind of values and personality treats are linked to it and how relevant it is to the study's target group. The theoretical framework was formed from the concepts of brand, brand image and its' elements and formation, services and purchase process of services. The central topics in relation to the aesthetic service provider's brand image this study are awareness, relevance, trust, values, personality traits and future intentions. The study was conducted in the form of an Internet-based e-mail questionnaire, which was sent to 22 000 potential respondents through MTV3's service called Sähköpostisuora. The total number of respondents was 1750. The research methodology was quantitative. The results indicated that respondents were well aware of the company and that they would consider it as a service provider if they were thinking about using aesthetic surgery services. The personality traits and qualities linked to the service provider were generally positive, but the data indicated as well that there is a large number of people who do not have any type of image about the service provider. In conclusion, the service provider has a good position in the market, but they might consider targeting marketing efforts more efficiently to over 45 years olds, as they seem to be a bit less aware of the service provider. Also bringing service providers values and competitive advantages more clearly forth in their advertising and other marketing could be a good idea for the target group to be able to form a clear image of the company.
The Soviet image of the United States : a study in distortion
Image of Finland as a Destination for the Mainland Chinese Tourist
Looking at the other : historical study of images in theory and practise
Company reputation and image analysis : case: Game Central
Brand image of a company providing aesthetic surgery services
The corporate image concept : a strategic approach
Dick for a day : what would you do if you had one?
Tabloid headlines in mind : a frame for research
Amortality : the pleasures and perils of living agelessly
Executive summary.
Brands and branding - brand images in Kainuu
The Brand Image versus the Brand Identity ‎of a New Brand ‎ : Case RIPS Ruis Snack
Sports and identity : case study Czech Republic and ice hockey
What makes a passenger ship a legend : the future of the concept of legend in the passenger shipping industry
Places : identity, image and reputation
A Study in Visual Communication - Case Functional Home at the Senior Generation Exhibition in St. Petersburg
What is "Kuusamo Lapland" : a study on the image of the region from the perspective of international travel agents
American images of Soviet foreign policy : an inquiry into recent appraisals from the academic community
Love virtually
Eco-friendliness in the brand experience of high-tech products
NLP : the essential guide to neuro-linguistic programming
Turn thoughts into positive action with neuro-linguistic programming Neuro-linguistic programming (NLP) has taken the psychology world by storm. So much more than just another quick-fix or a run-of-the-mill self-help technique, NLP shows real people how to evaluate the ways in which they think, strategise, manage their emotional state and view the world. This then enables them to positively change the way they set and achieve goals, build relationships with others, communicate and enhance their overall life skills. Sounds great, right? But where do you begin? Thankfully, that's where this friendly and accessible guide comes in! Free of intimidating jargon and packed with lots of easy-to-follow guidance which you can put in to use straight away, Neuro-linguistic Programming For Dummies provides the essential building blocks of NLP and shows you how to get to grips with this powerful self-help technique. Highlighting key NLP topics, it helps you recognize and leverage your psychological perspective in a positive fashion to build self-confidence, communicate effectively and make life-changing decisions with confidence and ease. * Includes updated information on the latest advances in neuroscience * Covers mindfulness coaching, social media and NLP in the digital world * Helps you understand the power of communication * Shows you how to make change easier If you're new to this widely known and heralded personal growth technique either as a practitioner or homegrown student Neuro-linguistic Programming For Dummies covers everything you need to benefit from all it has to offer / Copac.
Broadcast sponsorship; modifying brand image and expanding target audience through programme choice
Guide to imagework : imagination-based research methods
The art of memory
The image of the Czech Republic as a tourist destination from the viewpoints of Finns
Consumer-based brand equity : an insight into its content and meaning
Vagina : a new biography
Branding UNESCO : constructing organization image through audiovisual reprentations
The politics of everyday fear
Creating Brand for CoreFinland Ltd
Media, identity, and struggle in twenty-first-century China
The storytelling styles and brand perception of wine labels
Japan as images : crossing viewpoints of Europe and Japan
A strange kind of paradise : India through foreign eyes
Internal branding in business-to-business environment : measuring holistic brand image through employee brand perceptions
Is L'Oreal really "worth it"? : perceptions and opinions of L'Oreal's current customers and potential customers of the brand
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Distant mirrors : America as a foreign culture
Creating strategic brand management manual : case: Tukikallio Oy
Not your ordinary librarian : debunking the popular preseptions of librarians
The ultimate introduction to NLP : how to build a successful life
The Pentagon propaganda machine
Subliminal persuasion : influence and marketing secrets they don't want you to know
Stability and variability of color-meaning associations : a cross-national comparison
Effects of marketing communications on business-to-business buying process : case company: Suomen Ammattimedia SUOMA Oy
Children's views of foreign peoples : a cross-national study
Made in Finland – Evaluated in China : a study of Finnish country image and country of origin image in the eyes of Chinese consumers
The Hollywood icon best known for her role in "Star Wars" shares interconnected essays exploring her life as the child of Hollywood royalty, adventures on the sets of "Star Wars," and struggles with biploar disorder.
Vampires : myths and metaphors of enduring evil
Fix your life: ...with NLP
Images of the city: are we talking about the same thing? : a comparison of geographical representations of the city by urban experts, geography teachers and textbook authors in Finland, the Netherlands and the United Kingdom
An imagery intervention for highly skilled judo athletes
Narrating the other : Australian literary perceptions of Japan
Branding People
Yoga and body image : 25 personal stories about beauty, bravery & loving your body
IMAGE AND REPUTATION MANAGEMENT OF THE KAINUU REGION
Recent research has documented that competent-looking political candidates do better in U.S. elections and that babyfaced individuals are generally perceived to be less competent than maturefaced individuals. Taken together, this suggests that babyfaced political candidates are perceived as less competent and therefore fare worse in elections. We test this hypothesis, making use of photograph-based judgments by 2,772 respondents of the facial appearance of 1,785 Finnish political candidates. Our results confirm that babyfacedness is negatively related to inferred competence in politics. Despite this, babyfacedness is either unrelated or positively related to electoral success, depending on the sample of candidates.
Video as a Music Visualization Tool : Project: Aquatic System
Neuro-linguistic programming for dummies
Destination image of Estonia among Finns
One hundred myths about the Middle East
Change your life with NLP : the powerful way to make your whole life better
Season of the witch
The Old World and the New : a synopsis of current European views on American civilization
Case study: a mental coaching program for a high jumper
Inspiring Imagery : An Introduction to Evoking Vivid Mental Imagery in Creative Writing
Images in the works : a cultural history of John Lennon's rock stardom
The princess diarist
The many faces of a conflict:representations of the 1981 Northern Irish hunger strike in international press
Differences in images and attitudes created by fashion branding between Spain and Finland : Case study: Zara
The aim of this thesis was to explore the Lovely Market consumer promise delivery through internal communications at AM House. AM House identity is defined by four values, Lovely Market consumer promise and tone of voice. The thesis focuses on examining the understanding and delivery of the Lovely Market consumer promise. It was researched how the project managers and sales persons perceive the consumer promise and how it is delivered through internal communications. Crucial is the congruence in the perceptions of the consumer promise and its delivery further to other stakeholders such as customers through brand contacts. Theoretical framework of the research was based on relevant areas of theories of brand identity, image and internal communications. Theories of various authors such as Aaker, Kunde, Ind, Grönroos, Gad and Fill were explored to form a solid basis on which to create the empirical part and results of the study. By combining the chosen theories a holistic view was received to conduct the empirical part. The empirical part was conducted through interviewing five project managers and sales persons working for AM House in Finland. However, it is worth reminding that the personnel interviewed represent 45 percent of the project managers and 40 percent of the apartment sales persons. The results of the study indicated that there appear both strengths and weaknesses in the concrete understanding of the Lovely Market promise and delivering messages through internal communications. The Intranet was regarded as a great strength, and the core idea of the consumer promise was considered to be positive. However, the personnel longed for concrete examples of the consumer promise. In addition, more meetings should be arranged where the consumer promise would be discussed, the customer feedback surveys ought to be developed and internal messages should be better communicated to the personnel. In conclusion, the research revealed remarkable information of the consumer promise delivery at AM House and of points to improve. Further research could be conducted by interviewing or conducting a quantitative survey including personnel from all the five different job descriptions instead of merely project managers and sales persons, to receive greater sample and overall opinion and perceptions of the personnel.
Finnish people's images of California as a travel destination
Russians as presented in TV documentaries
Perception of the Arctic as Tourism Destination and Perspectives of its Utilization by Tourism Industry in Finnish Lapland
An essay in post-colonial analysis : Sibelius as an icon of the Finns and others
Imagery ability and imagery use in individual and team sports
Abstract: Greedy murderers of Christ : images of the Jews in the Late Medieval pilgrimage accounts.
Metaphor and the psychodynamic functions of the mind
Humanitarian soldiers, colonialised others and invisible enemies : visual strategic communication narratives of the Afghan war
A question of trust : the impact of corporate social responsibility on Stora Enso's perceived image as an employer
Inevitable Illusions : How Mistakes of Reason Rule Our Minds
Is that a fact? : frauds, quacks, and the real science of everyday life
Japan as represented in European media : its analytical methodologies and theories - in comparison with Korean cases
Virus of the mind : the new science of the meme
Perceptions, realities and forest communication
Prairie, Paprika, Puli  The impact of hungaricums on the country image of Hungary
Branding Finland on the Internet : images and stereotypes in Finland's tourism marketing
Your call is important to us : the truth about bullshit
Image and mind
Information system specialist predispositions
Facts, words and beliefs
The forgotten founders : rethinking the history of the Old West
The Importance of Positioning and Networking in the Globalization Process of a Small-Sized Brand - Case: SabrinaTach
Mental maps in geographical research and teaching
Discontented geopolitics of other European spaces
Personality not included : why companies lose their authenticity - and how great brands get it back
