http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14942 border security
border security border control
Symbolic violence in border crossing : a bodily geopolitics
Global surveillance and policing : borders, security, identity
Migration and the externalities of European integration
The reconceptualization of European Union citizenship edited by Elspeth Guild, Cristina J. Gortázar Rotaeche, Dora Kostakopoulou
Undocumented immigrants in an era of arbitrary law : the flight and the plight of people deemed 'illegal'
A threat against Europe? : security, migration and integration
Europe's area of freedom, security, and justice
The politics of migration & immigration in Europe
Border encounters : asymmetry and proximity at Europe's frontiers
EU justice and home affairs law
Organised crime, corruption and the movement of people across borders in the new enlarged EU : a case study of Estonia, Finland and the UK : interim project report
Strangers in our midst : the political philosophy of immigration
Elsewhere, within here : immigration, refugeeism and the boundary event
Biometrics for Border Security: an overview
Realizing border security culture in Finland (and Europe)
Immigration, emigration, and migration
International collaboration increasing in maritime surveillance
"This book explores and maps the relationship between borders, security and global governance. Theoretically, the book seeks to establish to what degree, and in what ways, traditional notions of borders, security and (global) governance are being eroded, undermined and contested in the context of a globalizing world. Borders are increasingly being re-conceptualized to account for connectivity as well as divisions at the same time as focus is shifting from permanence to permeability. The ambivalence ascribed to bordering processes is at heart a security concern; borders are not only entwined with state formation but also attempts at governing securities, identities and histories. Proceeding from a critical rendering of statist conceptualizations of borders, security and governance, the book not only emphasizes the politics of borders, mobility and re-locations, but also provides a shared groundwork for interrogating the spatial conditions for bordering and border work as manifestations of a continuously deferred becoming rather than being. A principal contribution of the volume is its scrutiny of how borders are enacted and perceived in and through the everyday, and of how such production and construal can make sense as acts of resistance to various forms of governing. Such a focus reveals the necessity of investigating how governing from a distance affects the possibilities and tendencies to securitize as well as desecuritize, within as well as beyond elite settings. This book will be of much interest to students of border studies, human geography, governmentality, global governance and IR/critical security studies"--
The Outside on the Inside : An Analysis of European Union and Finnish State Discourses on Borders, Security and Mobility
Advanced technologies for intelligent systems of national border security
Romania and the European Union : from marginalisation to membership?
The wall around the West : state borders and immigration controls in North America and Europe
Corporeal conjunctures no-w-here : failed asylum seekers and the senses of the international
EU justice and home affairs law. Volume 2, Eu criminal law, policing, and civil law
Action plan against illegal immigration 2012-2015
'Winter-tyres-for-a-flower-bed' : shuttle trade on the Finnish-Russian border
The others in Europe
Customs and fiscal formalities at frontiers
Research on the "cost of non-Europe". Basic findings. Volume 4, The "Cost of Non-Europe" : border-related controls and administrative formalities : an illustration in the road haulage sector
Violent borders : refugees and the right to move
Governing borders and security : the politics of connectivity and dispersal
Beyond walls : re-inventing the Canada-United States borderlands
Norwegian border control in a Europe without internal frontiers : implications for data protection and civil liberties
EU justice and home affairs law. Volume 1, Eu immigration and asylum law
Enforcement of intellectual property rights through border measures : law and practice in the EU
Comprehensive risk analysis model for border guards : a tool for knowledge based border management
Assessment of the Finnish-Russian border : the case of Vaalimaa border crossing point
War footing : 10 steps America must take to prevail in the war for the free world
Digital borders and real rights : effective remedies for third-country nationals in the Schengen Information System
In search of hidden errors : aspects to safety and security in the Finnish Defence Forces at 2025.
The European commission and the transformation of EU borders
National security and immigration : policy development in the United States and Western Europe since 1945
This book explores and maps the relationship between borders, security and global governance. Theoretically, the book seeks to establish to what degree, and in what ways, traditional notions of borders, security and (global) governance are being eroded, undermined and contested in the context of a globalising world. Borders are increasingly being re-conceptualised to account for connectivity as well as divisions at the same time as focus is shifting from permanence to permeability. The ambivalence ascribed to bordering processes is at heart a security concern; borders are not only entwined with state formation but are also attempts at governing securities, identities and histories. Proceeding from a critical rendering of statist conceptualisations of borders, security and governance, the book not only emphasises the politics of borders, mobility and re-locations, but also provides a shared groundwork for interrogating the spatial conditions for bordering and border work as manifestations of a continuously deferred becoming rather than being. A principal contribution of the volume is its scrutiny of how borders are enacted and perceived in and through the everyday, and of how such production and construal can make sense as acts of resistance to various forms of governing. Such a focus reveals the necessity of investigating how governing from afar affects the possibilities and tendencies to securitise as well as desecuritise, within as well as beyond elite settings.
Controlling frontiers : free movement into and within Europe
The external dimension of justice and home affairs : a different security agenda for the European Union?
Bombs and bandwidth : the emerging relationship between information technology and security
Cultures of border control : Schengen and the evolution of European frontiers
'Watch the border 24/7, on Your couch' : Texas virtual border : Watc Program and politics of informing
Walls, borders, boundaries : spatial and cultural practices in Europe
Europe in the world : EU geopolitics and the making of European space
Globalization and borders : cultural, political and regional aspects of the Finnish and Russian borders
Mobility, labour migration and border controls in Asia
"How should we, citizens of rich countries, respond to the claims of the many millions of people world-wide who want to immigrate and settle in our societies? Their reasons are often compelling - they are fleeing mass poverty or political persecution - but the impact that fully open borders would have on the life of the societies that the immigrants would join is also immense. This books defends democratic states' rights to control their borders, and powerfully criticizes the arguments offered in support of international freedom of movement - common ownership of the earth, global equality of opportunity, and the human right to immigrate. It explains why states have rights over territory that permit them to exclude outsiders, and why democracies are entitled to decide who they will accept as future citizens. But it also sets out the parameters of a just immigration policy."--Provided by publisher.
Keeping the door ajar : local border traffic regimes on the EU’s eastern borders
Are borders barriers? : EU enlargement and the Russian region of Kaliningrad
African Migrants and Europe : Managing the ultimate frontier
The irregularization of migration in contemporary Europe : detention, deportation, drowning
The European Union and border conflicts : the power of integration and association
Multi-speed Europe? : differentiated integration in the external relations of the European Union
U.S. immigration enforcement : then and now, there and here
EU enlargement and the Baltic States : the incremental making of new members
Integrating local, regional, and national perspectives, this volume employs multiple historical and social frameworks to analyse the division of Germany and the development of the Iron Curtain during the Cold War. Schaefer explains how and why the border evolved and how it impacted regional and national culture, identity, and sense of community.
Border security in the Balkans : Europe's gatekeepers
Guidelines on monitoring and assesment of transboundary and international lakes. Part B: Technical guidelines
EU-Russian border security : challenges, (mis)perceptions, and responses
Victim identified? : how the controlling mechanisms of illegal migration are affecting to the identification of victim of human trafficking in Finland?
Immobilizing mobility : border ethnography, illiberal democracy, and the politics of the "refugee crisis" in Hungary
Europeanizing contention : the protest against "fortress Europe" in France and Germany
African Migrants and Europe: managing the ultimate frontier engages the transformation of extraterritorial migration control in the post 9/11 era. It illustrates how border controls have become more diffuse and less clearly localizable in the face of increased human flows and exceptional policies and institutions that justify an array of violent practices. The book presents a critical analysis of the dispositif of the externalization of migration control: detention without trial, derogation of human rights law, torture, "extraordinary rendition" and the curtailment of civil liberties and the securitization of migration. After exploring the role of Gaddafi’s Libya in the last ten years as a gendarme of Europe, the book expands the concept of externalization of migration control beyond geospatial accounts, and looks at the political transformation of migration control within and away from the gateways of Europe. Moving through spaces of in/security, and times of panic, this work argues for a re-visioning of borders and frontiers in ways that can account for their dialectical nature, and for the dialectical nature of political life.
NGP Yearbook 2015 : geographies of regions, borders and identity
Security, risk and the biometric state : governing borders and bodies
Maritime surveillance for better maritime security
The city and the city
Crime & justice in American history : historical articles on the origins and evolution of American criminal justice v. 4, The frontier
Borders, asylum and global non-citizenship : the other side of the fence
Europe of free movement : the Schengen area
Post/humanitarian border politics between Mexico and the US : people, places, things
Crime across the border : Finnish professional criminals and Estonian crime opportunities
Immigration policy and security : U.S., European and common wealth perspectives
Transparency and proportionality in the Schengen information system and border control co-operation
The implications of Baltic states' EU membership
Trafficking in human beings, illegal immigration and Finland
Practise what you preach : the prospects for visa freedom in Russia-EU relations
Whose freedom, security and justice? : EU immigration and asylum law and policy
Monitoring of international lakes : backround paper for the guidelines on monitoring and assessment of transboundary and international lakes
The migration industry and the commercialization of international migration
"The experience of border crossing for refugees and irregular migrants challenges global border and migration controls in multiple contexts. Using qualitative field research in Tanzania, Spain, Morocco and Australia, Heather Johnson asks how a global regime of migration management and control can be perceived through the dynamics of particular border spaces: refugee camps, border zones and detention centres. She explores how irregular migrants are impacted by the increasingly security-oriented practices of border control, and how they confront these practices. Johnson rejects the characterization of border spaces as exceptional, abject and exclusionary, arguing instead for an understanding of politics as everyday contestation that reveals a radical political agency, re-imagining the global non-citizen as a transgressive and powerful figure. Building on recent scholarship that rethinks irregularity and non-citizenship, her conclusions have broad implications for how we understand irregular migration from a position of dialogue and solidarity"--
Ukraine - Crimea - Russia : triangle of conflict
Europe's border crisis : biopolitical security and beyond
States of division : border and boundary formation in cold war rural Germany
Abstract: Working group on the border guard's real estate.
Foreigners, refugees, or minorities? : rethinking people in the context of border controls and visas
The last stand
Migration law in Finland
Soft or hard borders? : managing the divide in an enlarged Europe
This book examines the contribution of the European Commission to the process of transformation of EU borders. Migration issues have been at the centre of EU political debates in recent years. From national controversies sparked by the economic difficulties in the aftermath of the 2008 economic downturn to EU-wide problems caused by the record number of asylum seekers looking for a refuge in the Union. Simultaneously, the EU migration regime has undergone a profound change since the 1980s as a result of the developments in the integration process. Inevitably this has impacted borders, transforming their nature and functions. The author looks at four key EU policy areas, which in recent decades have substantially altered the EU migration regime: the European Neighbourhood Policy, social policy, border controls, and free movement of people. Based on a variety of Commission documents the analysis focuses on the different borders that have been transformed, their altered nature and functions, and the specific impact of the European Commission on to these processes.
Controlling borderlands? : new perspectives on state peripheries in southern Central Asia and northern Afghanistan
The invention of the passport : surveillance, citizenship, and the state
