http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14921 organised crime
organised crime
The night the rich men burned
Blood on Snow
Professional criminals
Totally captivated. Vol. 5
Tishomingo blues
Tokyo tribes. Volume 2
Enemies at home
Your story I've known
Black mafia family : the rise and fall of a cocaine empire
Organized crime
The eyes of Lira Kazan
Shadow economy, broken social fabric and the will to govern : Calderón rescuing Mexico
The cartel
Russian and post-Soviet organized crime
Sons of anarchy : Men of mayhem
The boss of bosses : the life of the infamous Totò Riina dreaded head of the Sicilian mafia
Tokyo tribes. Volume 1
Organised crime : a growing threat to democracy?
The redeemers
Totally captivated. Vol. 1
Manual on combatting against money laundering and asset tracing : (based on the replies by the Baltic Sea Region countries)
No mortal thing
Theft of the nation : the structure and operations of organized crime in America
Totally captivated. Vol. 6
Totally captivated. Vol. 4
Tokyo tribes. Volume 4
Perspectives on organizing crime : essays in opposition
Blood on snow : [a novel]
This Discussion Paper provides insights into the challenges posed by the proliferation of small arms and light weapons in West Africa, paying particular attention to the ECOWAS convention on small arms and light weapons as a collective sub-regional response to a potent threat to peace, security and development. It connects global and regional discourses on illicit arms control and provides a balanced, empirical examination of the performance of the convention. It is a useful contribution to debates on arms-proliferation control in Africa and provides well-informed recommendations of interest to scholars, peace activists, policy practitioners and strategists working on peace and security in Africa
Gangsters : organised crime[supTM]
Sons of anarchy. Volume 1
The inflation of crime in Russia
The ring ; and, The opposite of death
Donovan creed two up 1-2
Hector Umbra
World gone by
Blood on the mink
Stolen lives : trading women into sex and slavery
Tokyo tribes. Volume 6
Busting the mob : United States v. Cosa Nostra
The Mafia : history and legend
Polar. [Volume 1], Came from the cold
Corsair : a science fiction novel
Elephant white
The Iron saint. Vol. 1
Deadly outlaw : Rekka /directed by Takashi Miike ; screenplay by Shigenori Takechi
Sons of anarchy. Volume two
The life
Shadow rider
Among thieves
Donovan creed two up 3-4
Organised crime and the Balkan political context
The secret
Organized and corporate crime in Europe : offers that can't be refused
Blood on snow
The dead women of Juárez
Organized crime and corruption : the two largest problems in the world?
Blood whispers
Procurement and organised crime : an EU-wide study
The Soviet mafia
Totally captivated. Vol. 2
The profession of violence : the rise and fall of the Kray twins
Mafia. II : PlayStation 3
Grand theft auto five : Xbox 360
Organized crime in Chicago
Procession of the dead
The Challenge of sub-regional security in West Africa : the case of the 2006 ECOWAS convention on small arms and light weapons
Cosa nostra : a history of the Sicilian mafia
Donovan creed two up 5-6
All he saw was the girl
Corruption : the enemy within
The quiet death of Thomas Quaid
The gate house
Donovan creed two up 7-8
Spam nation : the inside story of organized cybercrime--from global epidemic to your front door
Tokyo tribes. Volume 5
"In the early 2020s, two young, genius computer hackers, Elizabeth Santiago and David Schwartz, meet at MIT, where Schwartz is sneaking into classes, and have a brief affair. David is amoral and out for himself, and soon disappears. Elizabeth dreams of technology and space travel and takes a military job after graduating. Nearly ten years later, David is setting himself to become a billionaire by working in the shadows under a multiplicity of names for international thieves, and Elizabeth works in intelligence preventing international space piracy. With robotic mining in space becoming a lucrative part of Earth's economy, shipments from space are dropped down the gravity well into the oceans. David and Elizabeth fight for dominance of the computer systems controlling ore drop placement in international waters. If David can nudge a shipment 500 miles off its target, his employers can get there first and claim it legally in the open sea. Each one intuits that the other is their real competition but can't prove it. And when Elizabeth loses a major shipment, she leaves government employ to work for a private space company to find a better way to protect shipments. But international piracy has very high stakes and some very evil players. And both Elizabeth and David end up in a world of trouble." - Provided by publisher.
The Mammoth Book of the Mafia
Superterrorism : assassins, mobsters, and weapons of mass destruction
Last of the good guys
The honoured society
Polar. [Volume 2], Eye for an eye
Down among the dead men
Criminal organization : its elementary forms
Yakuza : the explosive account of Japan's criminal underworld
Totally captivated. Vol. 3
Grand theft auto V : Xbox One
Yakuza : Japan's criminal underworld
Organised crime in Europe : concepts, patterns and control policies in the European Union and beyond
Driven by the desire to start a career or escape poverty, women migrate in search of work and a better life for themselves and for their families. For some, this search is the beginning of a nightmare experience. From “hotel receptionist” to nightclub “dancer” to “domestic worker,” Stolen Lives: Trading Women Into Sex and Slavery exposes how women are hired in their country of origin, transported, left without money, passports, or permits, and become trapped into prostitution or domestic slavery. Branded as illegal aliens and marooned in a culture they don't understand, they have nowhere to go and no one to help them. With personal testimony from women caught in the trafficking web, Stolen Lives reveals the violent inner workings of international crime networks, the routes and methods involved, and how trafficking gangs are able to circumvent the law. The trade in women is one of the most shameful abuses of human rights, yet it continues to be ignored by national governments. Stolen Lives confronts the hidden scandal of global trafficking which exploits women as they attempt to emancipate themselves.
Sons of anarchy : the final season
