http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1497 ordination of women
ordination of women
Women and catholic priesthood : an expanded vision : proceedings of the Detroit Ordination Conference
The ordination of women in the Orthodox church
The role of women in ministry today
Women who would be rabbis : a history of women's ordination, 1889-1985
Feminism and tradition : quiet reflections on ordination and communion
Order of creation, order of redemption : the ordination of women in the Orthodox Church
Women deacons in the Orthodox Church : called to holiness and ministry
Women in the church : a biblical theology of women in ministry
Yes to women priests
"Award-winning Catholic scholar Phyllis Zagano investigates three distinct situations in the Catholic Church, each pointing to Catholicism's global weak spot: the role of women in the Church. Each of the three cases reflects the tension between communion and authority, particularly where women are concerned. The thread of women in the church weaves a tapestry that sheds light on the Catholic Church's hierarchically-imposed laws and sanctions designed to keep women at a distance from the holy, whether as liturgical ministers, as wives of priests, or as priests themselves"--Provided by publisher.
The ordination of women in the Catholic Church : unmasking a cuckoo's egg tradition
Women leaders and the Church : 3 crucial questions
Women priests : the first years
A priesthood of both sexes : paying attention to difference
Ministry, women, bishops : report of an International Consultation Cartigny, Switzerland, 1992.
Women of the cloth : a new opportunity for the churches
Women in the priesthood? : a systematic analysis in the light of the order of creation and redemption
English abstract : Women and women's words in discussions about the ordination of women in the General Synod between 1974 and 1987.
Authority vested : a story of identity and change in the Lutheran Church-Missouri Synod
A history of women and ordination. Vol. 2, The priestly office of women : God's gift to a renewed church
No women in holy orders? : the women deacons of the early church
The ordained women deacons of the Church's first millennium
Fe y esperanza : women's road to leadership and ministry in the Lutheran Church of El Salvador 1952-2009
Should women be priests? : three sermons preached before the University of Oxford
"By its in-depth discussion of women's civic roles in the towns outside Rome, this study offers a compelling new vision of Roman women's integration into their communities and contributes to a more comprehensive view of civic life under the Roman Empire"--
Finnish attitudes toward female ministry in the beginning of the 21
Women in the church : a biblical study on the role of women in the church
Women in ministry
Report of the Archbishops of Canterbury's Commission on Communion and Women in the Episcopate. Part 2, October 1989 and March 1990
Two trains running : the reception of the understanding of authority by ARCIC I relating to the debates on the ordination of women
Women in the Lutheran tradition : proceedings of the International Consultation of Lutheran Women Theologians : Karjaa, Finland, 18-23 August 1991.
The Catholic priesthood and women : a guide to the teaching of the church
Ecclesiogenesis : the base communities reinvent the church
Report of the Archbishop of Canterbury's Commission on Communion and Women in the Episcopate. [Part 1], 1989
When the minister is a woman
Women in pastoral office : the story of Santa Prassede, Rome
Milma Lappala, unitarian minister and humanist
Episcopal ministry : the report of the archibishops' groupe on the episcopate
Our advent : African women's experiences in the Lutheran tradition : proceedings of the African Lutheran Women Theologians' meeting, Addis Ababa, December 2-7, 1990
Gender and ministry in early christianity and the church today
The ordination of women to the priesthood : first report by the House of Bishops
Women of the sacred groves : divine priestesses of Okinawa
Handmaidens of the Lord : Pentecostal women preachers and traditional religion
Women & Catholicism : gender, communion, and authority
Ordained women in the early church : a documentary history
One, holy, catholic and apostolic : ecumenical reflections on the church
What is ordination coming to ? : report of Consultation on the Ordination of Women held in Cartigny, Geneva, Switzerland 21st - 26th September 1970
We listened long, before we spoke : a consultation of the Sub-unit on Women in Church and Society of the World Council of Churches
The new asceticism : sexuality, gender and the quest for God
Women deacons in the early church : historical texts and contemporary debates
The Ordination of women in Lutheran churches : analysis of an LWF survey
This is our story : Free Church women's ministry
The papal "No" : a comprehensive guide to the Vatican's rejection of women's ordination
A history of women and ordination. Vol. 1, The ordination of women in medieval context
Ordaining women : culture and conflict in religious organizations
"Roman cities have rarely been studied from the perspective of women, and studies of Roman women mainly focus on the city of Rome. Studying the civic participation of women in the towns of Italy outside Rome and in the numerous cities of the Latin-speaking provinces of the Roman Empire, this books offers a new view on Roman women and urban society in the Roman Principate. Drawing on epigraphy and archaeology, and to a lesser extent on legal and literary texts, women's civic roles as priestesses, benefactresses and patronesses or 'mothers' of cities and associations (collegia and the Augustales) are brought to the fore. In contrast to the city of Rome, which was dominated by the imperial family, wealthy women in the local Italian and provincial towns had ample opportunity to leave their mark on the city. Their motives to spend their money, time and energy for the benefit of their cities and the rewards their contributions earned them take centre stage. Assessing the meaning and significance of their contributions for themselves and their families and for the cities that enjoyed them, the book presents a new and detailed view of the role of women and gender in Roman urban life"--
Hidden lives, public personae : women and civic life in the Roman West
A theology of women ́s priesthood
