http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14926 kiosks
kiosks
Playboy prince
Encyclopedia of pulp fiction writers
The mistress
Pulp fiction to film noir : the Great Depression and the development of a genre
Three Fates
Bed of roses
Pulp fiction : three stories..about one story.
Helsingin kioskityypin suunnittelukilpailu = Design competition for a type-kiosk for Helsinki
Night moves
Hammering the errors : a study of translations errors in the Finnish translations of Mickey Spillane's The big kill
An African popular literature : a study of Onotsha Market pamphlets
Applications and services through e-kiosks towards enabling rural India
The pulp fiction megapack : 25 classic pulp stories
Scorned literature : essays on the history and criticism of popular mass-produced fiction in America
Cordina's crown jewel
Re-covering modernism : pulps, paperbacks, and the prejudice of form
A.men in action : a new generation of architects design a functional kiosk
Adios muchachos
The Angel's Game
Hard-boiled : working-class readers and pulp magazines
Start your own food truck business : cart, trailer, kiosk, standard and gourmet trucks, mobile catering, bustaurant
Forming a strategy for a small business
Carter Sloan is a trained assassin--the best there is, pulled out of cryogenic sleep whenever an assignment demands his skills. So when he's kept in the deep freeze for 258 years, he's seriously annoyed. Yet his government needs him, to hunt down the enemy known as the Daughter of the Brass Dragon. The future of the galaxy-spanning Reich depends on it, so Sloan is off--screwing, swearing, and shooting his way across interstellar space.
Time and again
American Pulp tells the story of the midcentury golden age of pulp paperbacks and how they brought modernism to Main Street, democratized literature and ideas, spurred social mobility, and helped readers fashion new identities. Drawing on extensive original research, Paula Rabinowitz unearths the far-reaching political, social, and aesthetic impact of the pulps between the late 1930s and early 1960s.
Boundary Lines
Kuluttajan jäätelökioskin valinta = The consumer's choice of ice-cream stall
Enchanted
The angel's game
Command Performance
American pulp : how paperbacks brought modernism to Main Street
1960s gay pulp fiction : the misplaced heritage
Convincing Alex
O'Hurley's return
Pulp : reading popular fiction
Skin Deep - Chantel O'Hurley has parlayed talent, breathtaking beauty-and indominable will-into stardom. But though she needs Quinn Doran's protection now, the sexy, cynical P.I. Utterly infuriates her. . .threatening to melt her icy façade and ignite her heart. Without a Trace - A life of adventure and intrigue has left Trace O'Hurley bitter and world-weary. But in the innocent arms of spirited damsel-in-distress Gillian Fitzpatrick, Trace finds himself longing for the life-and family-he left behind / WorldCat.
"This new crime fiction adapted brilliantly to the screen, birthing a cinematic genre that was christened "film noir." This volume provides a detailed exploration of film noir, tracing its evolution, the influence of such legendary writers as Dashiell Hammett and Raymond Chandler, and the films that propelled this dark genre to popularity in the mid-20th century"--
Kiiminki : kimaltelevan veden kuvastimessa = Kiiminki : in the mirror of sparkling water
Adaptations : from text to screen, screen to text
The complete Pistolwhip
Under the knife
Evaluation and monitoring of e-community centers performance
Hollow earth expedition
Very small shops
The brightest star in the sky
Captivated
Rewriting the category romance : love discourse, the realm of romance, and the Finnish translator
Nakkitehtuuria = Hot dog architecture
Pulp art : original cover paintings for the great American pulp magazines
Dance of dreams
