http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14908 malaria
malaria
Spatial and temporal distribution of malaria mosquitoes : associations with landscpe structure and vegetation in northern Thailand
Malaria eradication : report on the Second European Conference, Tangier 1-8 March 1962
Abstract.
The fever trail : in search of the cure for malaria
Microbial pathogenesis : infection and immunity
UNICEF-WHO Joint Committee on Health Policy : eighth Session, New York, Friday, 6 May 1955
Between local and biomedical concepts of malaria : perceptions of malaria among Baganda in Uganda
European Conference on Malaria Eradication, Palermo, 31 March - 9 April 1960 : report
Implementation of the global malaria control strategy : report of a WHO Study Group on the Implementation...1993-2000
Intrauterine immunology in allergy and infection
Statistical methods in malaria eradication
Rolling back malaria : the World Bank global strategy & booster program
Research on Malaria : in pregnant women and children
Net gain : a new method for preventing malaria deaths
Global plan for insecticide resistance management in malaria vectors
Infectious diseases in returning Swedish travellers
"Biometeorology has long been concerned with describing and understanding the impacts of weather and climate on humans and their activities and the natural (biosphere) system. Applied biometeorologists have focused on how best to prepare for and cope with weather and climate abnormalities. However they have tended to pursue their research in relative isolation from each other. There is now a need to better understand the commonalities as well as the differences within the broad field of applied biometeorology. The driving force is that biometeorologists are faced with a common problem - how best to provide advice on how to adapt to or cope with climate change. Adaptation is a cross cutting theme. It is an issue which biometeorologists are increasingly engaging with and learning about from each other. Biometeorology because of its focus on the sensitivity of human and biophysical systems to atmospheric variations and change clearly has something to contribute to the wider agenda of managing the impacts of climate change. The purpose of this collection of papers on biometeorology and adaptation is therefore to: Communicate some of the basic ideas and concepts of the sub-fields of biometeorology as they relate to climate change. Explore ideas, concepts, and practice within the field of biometeorology that may be developed in common. Provide a basis for a new vision for biometeorology that will help to communicate its understanding and expertise, as well as enhance its utility."--Back cover.
Studies on Plasmodium falciparum asexual blood stage antigens : RAP-2/RSP-2 and Pf332 in focus
Malaria vector control and personal protection : report of a WHO Study Group
Malaria and Rome : a history of malaria in ancient Italy
Parasite virulence and disease severity in Plasmodium falciparum malaria
Looking forward : Roll Back Malaria
WHO Working Group on Receptivity to Malaria and Other Parasitic Diseases : report on a WHO Working Group, Izmir, 11-15 September, 1978.
Malaria control in complex emergencies : an inter-agency field handbook
Manual on environmental management for mosquito control : with special emphasis on malaria vectors
Plasmodium Falciparum response to chloroquine and artemisinin based combination therapy (Act) in Guinea Bissau
Multi-stakeholder cooperation in global governance
Malaria and other imported communicable diseases in Mediterranean countries : report on a WHO Coordination Meeting, Mahon 1-4 June 1982.
Malaria on islands : human and parasite diversities and implications for malaria control in Vanuatu
Endemic malaria: an 'indoor' disease in northern Europe : Historical data analysed
Malaria : a manual for community health workers
Malaria and the red cell:2 : proceedings of the Second Workshop on Malaria and the Red Cell, held in Ann Arbor, Michigan, October 24, 1988
Management of severe malaria : a practical handbook
Fixed-dose chloroquine and sulfadoxine/pyrimethamine treatment of malaria : outcome and pharmacokinetic aspects
This thesis was carried out during the summer and autumn of 2009 in the Quality Control Department of an African pharmaceutical manufacturing plant Universal Corporation Ltd. (UCL). The aim of the thesis was to develop and validate an HPLC (High Performance Liquid Chromatography) method for simultaneous analysis of artesunate and amodiaquine from an antimalarial drug called "Double Layer Tablets". Because of Double Layer Tablets being a new product to be launched, any validated method for its analysis did not exist in the Quality Control Laboratory. Therefore, the development of the method had to be based on the knowledge of separate analyses of the substances and the test analyses made in the laboratory with one combined method. In this thesis common method validation parameters such as linearity and accuracy were tested.    Earlier test analyses had cleared out that the most complicated problem in this simultaneous analysis was to get the responses of artesunate and amodiaquine closer to each others values. While amodiaquine was giving a very decent peak (response), the response for artesunate was significantly smaller than could be expected on the ground of the one tablet concentration. The difference in response magnitudes made simultaneous analysis more inaccurate and difficult to interpret so the attention was to be paid to the HPLC parameters of the method. In hope of changing the ratio of responses, the detection wavelength used in the test analyses was changed. Spectra of both artesunate and amodiaquine were found out and from them two most potential wavelength chosen for the analyses.     The aim of getting artesunate and amodiaquine analyzed with one method at the same time and getting the peaks in same scale was not reached by these changes made. Artesunate was still giving responses that were not meeting the requirements.    Although simultaneous analysis did not succeed by these changes, there is still some hope to get the method working. The detection wavelength could be changed again and the effects of it in practise checked in the same way as in this thesis. If in the future the detection still seems to be the biggest problem of a combined method, the active ingredients should probably be analyzed separately with their own methods known to be working.  .
The European Union confronts HIV/AIDS, malaria and tuberculosis : a comprehensive strategy for the new millennium
"The World Malaria Report 2013 summarizes information received from malaria-endemic countries and other sources, and updates the analyses presented in the 2012 report. It highlights the progress made towards global malaria targets set for 2015, and describes current challenges for global malaria control and elimination." -- (WHO)
Tropical disease research : progress 1997-98 : fourteenth programme report
The fever trail : the hunt for the cure for malaria
Indigenous knowledge of Namibia
World malaria report 2010.
Towards understanding the SURFIN protein family of Plasmodium falciparum
World health and world politics : the World Health Organization and the UN system
Complement evasion by Plasmodium falciparum
Regional strategy : from malaria control to elimination 2006-2015 in the WHO European Region
Disease surveillance for malaria control : an operational manual
Role of PfATP6 and pfMRP1 in Plasmodium falciparum resistance to antimalarial drugs
Heat shock proteins as vaccine adjuvants
Essentials of tropical infectious diseases
Access to health care for febrile children in Uganda : symptom recognition, care seeking practices and provider choice
"The book starts with dissecting mechanisms underlying viral immune evasion via exploiting the host complement system by vaccinia virus, and by modulating the type 1 interferon response by RNA viruses. Yet another chapter looks into how viroporins expressed by different families of viruses causing influenza A virus, SARS, hepatitis C and HIV interact with several cellular pathways. Understanding of these mechanisms can aid the development of novel potential anti‑viral targets. The chapter on tuberculosis discusses the emerging importance of the innate immune mechanisms against Mycobacterium tuberculosis infection and latency. This book has a strong focus on fungal pathogenesis and immunity, starting with virulence and host factors that attain great importance in candidiasis and associated escape tricks of seriously opportunistic fungi. Two chapters on Aspergillus fumigatus elaborate on the pathogenic mechanisms: first discussing A. fumigatus‑airway epithelium interaction, followed by fungal and host factors that are paramount in the development of allergic and invasive aspergillosis. In the subsequent chapter, there is a general discussion on the innate and adaptive immune responses against primary and opportunistic fungal pathogens." -- (Springer)
Erythrocyte rosetting in Plasmodium falciparum malaria : with special reference to the pathogenesis of cerebral malaria
Combatting deadly diseases : EU funded projects on poverty-related diseases HIV/AIDS, tuberculosis, malaria
Proceedings of the symposium on malaria research, Rabat, Morocco, 1-5 April 1974 / Comptes rendus du symposium sur la recherche sur le paludisme, Rabat, Maroc, 1-5 Avril 1974.
Mosquitos and malaria : a summary of knowledge on the subject up to date; with an account of the natural history of some mosquitos
The Garki project : research on the epidemiology and control of malaria in the Sudan Savanna of West Africa
World malaria report 2013.
Abstract in Danish.
Integrating information systems of disease-specific health programmes in low income countries : the case study of Mozambique
WHO Expert Committee on Malaria : twentieth report
Murderous contagion : a human history of disease
Manual on larval control operations in malaria programmes prepared by the WHO Division of Malaria and other Parasitic Diseases
The long struggle against malaria in tropical Africa
Experimental pharmacodynamic and kinetic studies related to new combination therapies against falciparum malaria
Coming to grips with malaria in the new millennium
Pursuing the fever trail : pathogenesis of blood-stage P. falciparum malaria & pregnancy
Prevention of cross-border transmission of malaria : report on a WHO coordination meeting, Baku, Azerbaijan 24-25 August 1999.
Terminology of malaria and of malaria eradication : report of a drafting committee
Vaccine development strategies applied to the Plasmodium falciparum malaria antigen Pf332
Ecology and control of Anopheles mosquitoes and human malaria in Guinea Bissau, West Africa
Report on the Fifth Asian Malaria Conference : Colombo, 20-27 October 1965
The challenges of malaria prevention and control in sub Saharan Africa : the case of Cameroon
Beyond fever : managing children with pneumonia symptoms in malaria endemic Uganda
World malaria report 2008.
Anopheles Gambiae in Brazil 1930 to 1940
Scoring African leadership for better health
PCR adjusted cure rates in clinical trials of antimalarial drugs in Africa : influence of extended follow-up and consecutive day blood sampling
Integrating poverty and gender into health programmes : a sourcebook for health professionals : module on malaria
Malaria border coordination meeting : report on a WHO intercountry meeting, Dushanbe, Tajikistan 1-2 June 2001.
Second interregional malaria coordination meeting : report on a WHO coordination meeting, Baku, Azerbaijan 31 May - 1 June 2000.
Biomedical and local concepts of Malaria among the Baganda in Uganda
Practical chemotherapy of malaria : report of a WHO scientific group
Guidelines for the treatment of malaria
Tropical infectious diseases / epidemiology, investigation, diagnosis & management
Malariology : a comprehensive survey of all aspects of this group of diseases from a global standpoint
Bench aids for the diagnosis of malaria infections
Laboratory technique for the study of malaria
Manual on personal and community protection against malaria in development areas and new settlements
Hospitality and health : issues and developments
Host genetic factors and antibody responses with potential involvement in the susceptibility to malaria
Fighting malaria : EU research and innovation role
Antimalaria programme in Turkey : report on an Evaluation Meeting, Istanbul 6-8 November 1979
Dissecting the complexity of human susceptibility to Plasmodium falciparum malaria : genetic approaches
T cell and antibody responses in Plasmodium falciparum malaria and their relation to disease susceptibility
Molecular approaches to malaria
Immunological characteristics of recombinant fragments of the Plasmodium falciparum blood-stage antigen Pf332
World malaria report 2012.
Single nucleotide polymorphisms related to immune responses in Plasmodium falciparum malaria
Chemotherapy of malaria
Malaria: drugs, disease and post-genomic biology
World malaria report 2009.
Malaria eradication : a plea for health
The molecular basis of Plasmodium falciparum resistance to the antimalarial lumefantrine
Biometeorology for adaptation to climate variability and change
The role of the pharmaceutical sector in malaria control in Ghana
Human health and forests : a global overview of issues, practice, and policy
Mosquito behaviour in relation to malaria transmission and control in the tropics
Malaria : the knowledge primigravidae, in Lusaka Zambia, have on its prevention during pregnancy
The role and participation of European countries in the fight against malaria in the world : report on a conference, Cagliari, 20-24 October 1980.
Analysis of Artesunate and Amodiaquine in Double Layer Tablets: development and validation of an HPLC method
Malaria methods and protocols
World malaria report 2005 : a 5-minute briefing on the World Malaria Report 2005 from WHO and UNICEF
Halofantrine in the treatment of multidrug-resistant malaria
Summary.
"This book explores the links among ecology, disease, and international politics in the context of the Greater Caribbean - the landscapes lying between Suriname and the Chesapeake - in the seventeenth through early twentieth centuries. Ecological changes made these landscapes especially suitable for the vector mosquitoes of yellow fever and malaria, and these diseases wrought systematic havoc among armies and would-be settlers. Because yellow fever confers immunity on survivors of the disease, and because malaria confers resistance, these diseases played partisan roles in the struggles for empire and revolution, attacking some populations more severely than others. In particular, yellow fever and malaria attacked newcomers to the region, which helped keep the Spanish Empire Spanish in the face of predatory rivals in the seventeenth and early eighteenth centuries. In the late eighteenth and through the nineteenth century, these diseases helped revolutions to succeed by decimating forces sent out from Europe to prevent them"--Provided by publisher.
Manual of epidemiology and epidemiological services in malaria programmes
An atlas of the clinical microbiology of infectious diseases. Volume ll, Viral, fungal & parasitic agents
World malaria report 2011.
XIIth International Congress for Tropical Medicine and Malaria : 18-23 September 1988, Amsterdam, The Netherlands : abstracts
Malaria and the red cell
Manual on practical entomology in malaria
Impact of malaria on B-cell homeostasis and Epstein-Barr virus reactivation : endemic Burkitt's lymphoma pathogenesis
How Helminths Alter Immunity to Infection
Rational design and synthesis of protease inhibitors : Targeting HIV-1, malaria Plm I and II and hepatitis C virus NS3 proteases
Temperature and the northern range of endemic malaria in Europe
Roll Back Malaria partnership meeting for Central Asian Repulics and Kazakhstan : report on a WHO meeting, Tashkent, Uzbekistan 8 June 1999.
Vector control for malaria and other mosquito-borne diseases : report of the WHO study group
World malaria report 2005
Immunology and immunopathogenesis of malaria
The making of a tropical disease : a short history of malaria
Helminth infections are common, cause considerable pathology, and alter a host's immune profile. This can have important consequences not only on the host's ability to control a helminth infection, but also on their ability to control unrelated infections. In endemic areas, understanding how helminth infection influences the outcome of common infectious diseases and changes the efficacy of childhood vaccination programs is an important public health question. This book reviews how host immunity to helminths alters our ability to respond to the major pathogens that exist in helminth endemic regions. Current understanding of how helminths alter important but relatively neglected contributors to the host's anti-helminth immune responses are addressed, namely host antibody responses and how maternal infection may alter a child's immune development. These are discussed in relation to the control of helminth infection and unrelated infections. Also covered are how helminth infections alter the host's ability to control TB, HIV and malarial infections along with neglected bacterial infections, such as cholera, and how endemic helminth infections are likely to alter our ability to respond to life-saving vaccination strategies.
Surface antigens and virulence in plasmodium falciparum malaria
Mosquito : the story of man's deadliest foe
Clinical and parasitological studies on immunity to Plasmodium falciparum malaria in children
World malaria report : 2011
Mosquito empires : ecology and war in the Greater Caribbean, 1620-1914
