http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14939 flight security
flight security
Aviation security management / Volume 1. context of aviation security management
GCAS operational requirements and certification : GORAC
Aviation psychology in practice
ATC incidents near Vihti VOR radio beacon on 25.10.1997 and 20.8.1997, Finland
Unmanned aircraft systems : strengths and weaknesses
Close calls : managing risk and resilience in airline flight safety
Aviation food safety
Air navigation services audit Finland
Are we safer now? : airline security in a post-9/11 society
Finland's Air Transport Strategy 2015-2030
This book focuses on current concerns and trends, to reflect the changes that have occurred in this deregulated era. It provides the reader with an overview of the major themes in civil aviation ethics. The book begins with theoretical frameworks, followed by sections on the business side of aviation, employee responsibility, diversity in aviation, ground issues regarding airports, air traffic control and security, as well as health and the environment.
Implementing the flight operation availability during exception situations
Aviation safety review Finland 2011.
Aircraft incident at Kajaani airport, Finland, 1. October 1996 : TC-INC, DC-9-83 (MD-83)
Suomi - Finland : AIP [= Aerodrome information publication]. Huomattavat lentoesteet = Significant obstructions : RAC 4-15
Serious accidents and human factors : breaking the chain of events leading to an accident : lessons learned from the aviation industry
Safety at an International Airport – Case Study: Helsinki Airport
Improving air safety through organizational learning : consequences of a technology-led model
Aircraft incident at Vaasa airport, Finland on 16 August 1999 : SE-LIN, Fokker 50, VN-21, Vinka
Safety management systems in aviation
Aircraft damage in hailstorm west of Helsinki on 21.7.2001 : LN-RMT, Douglas DC-9-81
SME internationalization : mass casualty rescue un UK air safety
Proceedings of the Air Safety Symposium : organized under the auspices of Stanley Clinton Davis, member of the Commission of the European Communities with responsibility for Transport, Environment and Nuclear Safety
IAMSAR Manual : International aeronautical and maritime search and rescue manual : volume 2 : mission co-ordination
Human error in flight operations : risk reduction strategies : individual, team and systemic perspectives
Finnish abstract:Implementing the flight operation availability during exception situations.
Safety management system in air navigation services and airport operations
Implementing safety managment systems in aviation
A Human perspective on ship and aircraft control
Aviation and airport security : terrorism and safety concerns
A single European sky : broadening horizons for air travel
Flying safely in Europe : EU aviation safety and security policy
The Pilot's wife
Aviation security management / Volume 2. elements of aviation security management
Ethical issues in aviation
Summary: Guiding stars : the construction of air traffic controllers' professional identity in group interviews.
Huomattavat lentoesteet = Significant obstructions
Black box : the air-crash detectives - why air safety is no accident
Intercultural communication difficulties and their effects on flight safety
Aircraft basic science
IAMSAR manual : International aeronautical and maritime search and rescue manual. Vol. 1, Organization and management
Aviation security management / Volume 3. perspectives on aviation security management
Assessment of the impact of MLS implementation on Cat. II/III runways' capacity in low visibility conditions
Airport and aviation security : U.S. policy and strategy in the age of global terrorism
Helicopter instructor's handbook
Airport security : computer assisted passanger prescreening system, registered traveler, secure flight, airfield traffic pattern, surface weather observation, military airbase, ground support equipment
Practical aviation law
Safety in flight
At the opening of the IFALPA conference, 20 April 1989.
Aircraft incident at Joensuu airport, Finland on 11 April 1997 : TC-INC, DC-9-83 (MD-83)
Guidelines on good practice for aerial application of pesticides
The helicopter pilot's manual. Volume 2 : Powerplants, instruments and hydraulics
IAMSAR manual : International aeronautical and maritime search and rescue manual. Vol. 3, Mobile facilities
Causal risk models of air transport : comparison of user needs and model capabilities
Aircraft accident at Oulunsalo, Finland 20. December 1994 : N-911SG, Beech Duke B 60.
The single European sky : implementing political commitments
High rollers
Human error in aviation
The global airline industry
Handbook of aviation human factors
Narrative research in health and illness
Air rage : the underestimated safety risk
"The green booklet" : some measures used in different countries for reduction of bird strike risk around airports
Destination disaster : aviation accidents in the modern age
ABCs of safe flying
Air disasters : dramatic black box flight recordings
The principles and practice of international aviation law
Specification for controller working positions in future air traffic control : SWIFT
Human factors in flight : Student workbook
IAMSAR Manual : International aeronautical and maritime search and rescue manual. Vol. 1. Organization and management
Human factors in flight : instructor's guide
IAMSAR Manual : International aeronautical and maritime search and rescue manual : volume 1 : organization and management
Creating safety in air traffic control
ATM European group for improvement of scenarios : AEGIS
Safety first : Finncomm airlines flight safety publication
Aircraft maintenance management
IAMSAR Manual : International aeronautical and maritime search and rescue manual. Vol 1. Mission Co-ordination
Data mining in promoting flight safety
Aviation security engineering : a holistic approach
The helicopter pilot's manual. Volume 1 : Principles of flight and helicopter handling
General aviation security : aircraft, hangars, fixed-base operations, flight schools, and airports
IAMSAR manual  : International aeronautical and maritime search and rescue manual. Vol. 1, Organization and management
Practical aviation security : predicting and preventing future threats
Mechanisms in the Chain of Safety : research and Operational Experiences in Aviation Psychology
Aircraft safety : accident investigations, analyses, and applications
Achievement of intersubjectivity in airline cockpit interaction
MH370 the secret files : at last... the truth behind the greatest aviation mystery of all time
Securing air traffic : case CBRN terrorism
IAMSAR manual : International aeronautical and maritime search and rescue manual. Vol 2, Mission co-ordination
Improving the mastery of human factors in a safety critical ATM organisation
Guidelines and methods for conducting the safety assessment process on civil airborne systems and equipment
English for aviation
Fly without fear : the only book you'll ever need to conquer your fear
