http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14900 consuls
consuls
Pompey : leadership, strategy, conflict
Defending the private and the unnarratable : doomed attempts to read and write literary and cinematic minds in Marguerite Dura's India cycle
The modern law of diplomacy : external missions of states and international organizations
The birth of the British consular system in Finland
Fictionalising trauma : the aesthetics of Marguerite Duras's India cycle
In modern times there have been studies of the Roman Republican institutions as a whole as well as in-depth analyses of the senate, the popular assemblies, the tribunate of the plebs, the aedileship, the praetorship and the censorship. However, the consulship, the highest magistracy of the Roman Republic, has not received the same attention from scholars. The purpose of this book is to analyse the tasks that consuls performed in the civil sphere during their term of office between the years 367 and 50 BC, using the preserved ancient sources as its basis. In short, it is a study of the consuls 'at work', both within and outside the city of Rome, in such varied fields as religion, diplomacy, legislation, jurisdiction, colonisation, elections, and day-to-day politics. Clearly and accessibly written, it will provide an indispensable reference work for all scholars and students of the history of the Roman Republic.
Julius Caesar : the colossus of Rome
The field of swords
Consuls and Res Publica : holding high office in the Roman Republic
The emperor. 3, The field of swords
Protection of diplomatic and consular representation : the Nordic initiative at the United Nations General Assembly
The career of Sex. Palpellius Hister, the praetorian proconsulate during the early empire reconsidered
Instructions for honorary consuls of Finland
The fall of Hyperion
Consuls of the later Roman Empire
The moon moth
The consulate was the focal point of Roman politics. Both the ruling class and the ordinary citizens fixed their gaze on the republic's highest office - to be sure, from different perspectives and with differing expectations. While the former aspired to the consulate as the defining magistracy of their social status, the latter perceived it as the embodiment of the Roman state. Holding high office was thus not merely a political exercise. The consulate prefigured all aspects of public life, with consuls taking care of almost every aspect of the administration of the Roman state. This multifaceted character of the consulate invites a holistic investigation. The scope of this book is therefore not limited to political or constitutional questions. Instead, it investigates the predominant role of the consulate in and its impact on, the political culture of the Roman republic.
A diplomat's handbook of international law and practice
The Helsinki diplomatic list : including directory of international organizations, honorary consuls and other entities
Research in international law. Diplomatic privileges and immunities, legal position and functions of consuls, competence of courts in regard to foreign states, piracy, piracy laws of various countries : drafts of conventions prepared for the codification of international law
The consul at Rome : the civil functions of the consuls in the Roman Republic
Consular law and practice
Conssular legislation in pre-Sullan Rome
Land of lakes : memories keep me company
Consuls, corsairs, and commerce : the Swedish consular service and long-distance shipping, 1720-1815
The book is not just a biography of Caesar, but an historical account and explanation of the decline and fall of the Roman Republican governing system, in which Caesar played a crucial part. To understand Caesar's life and role, it is necessary to grasp the political, social and economic problems Rome was grappling with, and the deep divisions within Roman society that came from them. Caesar has been seen variously as a mere opportunist, a power-hungry autocrat, an arrogant aristocrat disdaining rivals, a traditional Roman noble politician who stumbled into civil war and autocracy thanks to being misunderstood by his rivals, and even as the ideal man and pattern of all virtues. Richard A. Billows argues that such portrayals fail to consider the universal testimony of our ancient sources that Roman political life was divided in Caesar's time into two great political tendencies, called "optimates" and "populares" in the sources, of which Caesar came to be the leader of one: the "popularis" faction.
The dream of the Celt
