http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14919 technical norms
technical norms
Epämagneettisten sähköä johtavien perusaineiden sähköä johtamattomat pinnoitteet : paksuuden mittaus : amplitudin mittaukseen perustuva pyörrevirtamenetelmä : standardi = Non-conductive coatings on non-magnetic electrically conductive basis materials : measurement of coating thickness : amplitude-sensitive eddy current method
Työjärjestelmien ergonomiset suunnitteluperiaatteet : standardi = Ergonomic principles in the design of work systems
Replacing standards with user information in the design process
EURAS yearbook of standardization : vol. 2
Designers' guide to Eurocode 5 : design of timber buildings, EN 1995 -1-1
The ambrosa collection : an insight into the contract-residential market
General design principles and wind actions : comparison between the eurocode and the australian standards
Translation as an industrial process
Product design of belt guard covers for flotation cells
Directive 93/34/EC : an instrument of co-operation between institutions and enterprises to ensure the smooth functioning of the Internal Market : a guide to the procedure for the provision of information in the field of technical standards and regulations and of rules on Information Society services
Legal aspects of standardisation in the member states of the EC and EFTA. Vol. 2, Country reports
What a glorious day : searching for the luxurious linen look in contract residential interiors
Designer's guide to  eurocode 1: action to bridges : EN 1991-2, EN 1991-1-1, -1-3 to -1-7 and EN 1990 ANNEX A2
Guide on the maintenance of indoor electric lighting systems
Lelujen turvallisuus = Safety of toys / [Suomen standardisoimisliitto SFS ry]
Koneturvallisuus 2 : turvallisuuteen liittyvät ohjausjärjestelmien osat = safety of machinery: safety-related parts of control systems. 2, kelpuutus = validation
Nordtest register of test methods : Nordtest technical reports and general documents
Safety of laser products. Part 1, Equipment classification and requirements (IEC 60825-1:2014)
A world of standards
Standards, conformity assessment, and accreditation for engineers
Restrictions as inspiration : an exploration of the design process in the contract textile industry
Furniture : children's cots and folding cots for domestic use. Part 2. Test methods
High strength concrete : supplementary rules and fire design : RakMK B4
Children's high chairs. Part 2, Test methods
2003 SAE handbook. Vol. 3, On-highway vehicles (Part II) and off-highway machinery
Compliance of crane electrics with electrical safety standards and codes
Design of structural connections to Eurocode
Nordtest register of test methods : Nordtest technical reports, general documents and position papers
Sähköteknisten tuotteiden dokumentointi = Documentation of electrotechnical products. Osa 1 = Part 1, Dokumenttien laatiminen = Preparation of documents = Preparation of documents
Legal aspects of standardisation in the member states of the EC and EFTA. Vol. 1, Comparative report
The notification procedure created by the Agreement on Technical Barriers to Trade : an instrument of market openness and good regulatory practice
Achieving best practices in national standardisation : a benchmarking study of the national standardisation systems of Finland, Sweden, Denmark and Italy
The Guide to the EMC directive 89/336/EEC
Puuntyöstötyökalut : turvallisuusvaatimukset : standardi = Tools for woodworking : safety requirements. Osa 3, Kiinnityslaitteet = Clamping devices
4G wireless video communications
Competing through cooperation : standard setting in wireless telecommunications
EURAS yearbook of standardization. Volume 1
Koneturvallisuus : koneensuunnittelua koskevat hygieniavaatimukset = Safety of machinery: hygiene requirements for the design of machinery
Designers' guide to EN 1991-1-4 : Eurocode 1: actions on structures, general actions : part 1-4 : wind actions
Designer's guide to eurocode 4 : design of composite steel and concrete structures EN 1994-1-1
Furniture : children's cots and folding cots for domestic use. Part 1, Safety requirements
Designers' guide to Eurocode 1 : actions on buildings : EN 1991-1-1 and -1-3 to -1-7
Interior graphic and design standards
2003 SAE handbook. Vol. 1, Metals, materials, fuels, emissions, threads, fasteners and common parts
Safety of laser products = Sécurité des appareils à laser. Part 1, Equipment classification, requirements and user's guide
2003 SAE handbook. Vol. 2, Parts & components and on-highway vehicles (Part I)
Children's high chairs. Part 1, Safety requirements
Child use and care articles : children's harnesses, reins and similar type articles : safety requirements and test methods
REHVA nZEB technical definition and system boundaries for nearly zero energy buildings : 2013 revision for uniformed national implementation of EPBD recast prepared in cooperation with European standardization organization CEN
The map and the landscape : norms and practices in genre
What is total quality control? The Japanese way
