http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14941 human rights organisations
human rights organisations
Amnesty International report. 2003
Human rights education : achievements and challenges
Amnesty in translation : ideas, interests and organizational change
Revisiting children's rights : 10 years of the UN Convention on the Rights of the Child
Gross and massive violations of human rights in Argentina 1976 - 1983 : an analysis of the procedure under ECOSOC resolution 1503
Twenty years of humanitarian dialogue : 1970-1990
The Inter-American human rights system
Tomplum ve hukuk araştirmalari vakfi - foundation for society and legal studies
Amnesty International report. 2004.
The global right wing and the clash of world politics
"In mapping out the field of human rights for those studying and researching within both humanities and social science disciplines, the Handbook of Human Rights provides not only a solid foundation for the reader who wants to learn the basic parameters of the field, but also promotes new thinking and frameworks for the study of human rights in the twenty-first century. The Handbook comprises of nearly sixty individual contributions from key figures around the world, which are grouped according to eight key areas of discussion: - foundations and critiques - new frameworks for understanding human rights - world religious traditions and human rights - social, economic, group and collective rights - critical perspectives on human rights organizations, institutions, and practices - law and human rights - narrative and aesthetic dimension of rights - geographies of rights In its presentation and analysis of the traditional core history and topics, critical perspectives, human rights culture, and current practice, this Handbook proves a valuable resource for all students and researchers with an interest in human rights"--
International human rights in context : law, politics, morals; text and materials
"Human rights, environmentalism, and global justice: these transnational movements today face fierce opposition from networks of conservative activists promoting contrary aims. In this groundbreaking book, Clifford Bob analyzes the clashes, proposing a new model of global policy making - and unmaking. This highlights the battle of networks, marked by exclusionary strategies, negative tactics, and dissuasive ideas. Bob first investigates the fight over gay rights, in which a coalition of religious conservatives, the "Baptist-burqa" network, confronts human rights groups at the United Nations and in such countries as Sweden, Romania, and Uganda. Next, he examines conflicts over gun control, pitting firearms enthusiasts against disarmament and safety advocates in the UN, Brazil, and elsewhere. Bob's provocative findings extend beyond the culture wars. With its critical conclusions about norms, activists, and institutions, this book will change how campaigners fight, analysts study international issues, and all of us think about global politics"--
Human Rights Watch world report. 2010 : events of 2009
WTO law and human rights - (ir)reconcilable obligations
Encyclopedia of human rights. Vol. 3, Index on censorship-minority rights: overview
Global democracy initiatives : the art of possible
Amnesty International report. 2003.
From needs to competencies : a case study on the integration of a rights based approach into NGO practises
Human Rights Watch world report. 2007, Events of 2006.
Encyclopedia of human rights. Vol. 2, Democracy promotion- John Humphrey
Amnesty International report. 2005.
Free at last : the U. S. civil rights movement
Amnesty International report. 2000.
Illusion of incoherence : the right to access to medicines, WTO medicines decision and TRIPS-Plus measures
Human Rights Watch world report. 2009, Events of 2008.
On human rights : the Oxford Amnesty lectures 1993
Everything is changing : contemporary U.S. movements in historical perspective
Texts and materials on international human rights
Amnesty international report : 2001.
Children's rights : a second chance
Reclaiming American virtue : the human rights revolution of the 1970s
Balancing the right to health and patent rights : The Brazilian decision to grant a compulsory licence for efavirenz
Creating an integrated society and recognising differences : the role and limits of human rights, with special reference to Europe
Gross and massive violations of human rights in Argentina 1976-1983 : an analysis of the procedure under ECOSOC resolution 1503
Acquisition of new members/support for Amnesty International
International human rights in context : law, politics, morals : text and materials
Finnish summary.
Understanding powers of international organizations : a study of the doctrines of attributed powers, implied powers and constitutionalism - with a special focus on the Human Rights Committtee
Human Rights Watch world report. 2008, Events of 2007.
Human rights in Europe : a fragmented regime?
Protecting and supporting human rights defenders : public guidelines of the Foreign Ministry of Finland on the implementation of the European Union guidelines on human rights defenders
Encyclopedia of human rights. Vol. 5, Sri Lanka-Zimbabwe, topical outline of articles, directory of contributors, index
The United Nations at the millennium : the principal organs
Building Europe without dividing lines : the role of the Council of Europe from 1949 to the new millenium
"With unique scholarly analysis and practical discussion, this book provides a comprehensive introduction to the relationship between environmental protection and human rights being formalized into law in many legal systems. By illuminating human rights theory and the institutions that can be employed to meet environmental goals, this book instructs on environmental techniques and procedures that assist in the protection of human rights. The text provides cogent guidance on a growing international jurisprudence on the promotion and protection of human rights in relation to the environment that has been developed by international and regional human rights bodies and tribunals. It explores a rich body of case law that continues to develop within states on the environmental dimension of the rights to life, to health, and to public participation and access to information. Five compelling contemporary case studies are included that implicate human rights and the environment, ranging from large dam projects, to the creation of a new human rights, to a clean environment"
Human rights in the OSCE region : Europe, Central Asia and North America : report 2005 (events of 2004)
Amnesty International report. 1994
Amnesty International handbook
Diplomacy of conscience : Amnesty International and changing human rights norms
Encyclopedia of human rights
The United Nations commission on human rights and the different treatment of governments : an inseparable part of promoting and encouraging respect for human rights?
Environmental protection and human rights
Emerging regional human rights systems in Asia
Humanitarian intervention and health CSOs : Discourse perspective
Encyclopedia of human rights. Vol. 4, Minority rights: European Framework Convention-Soviet Gulag
Following popular demand, the National Union for the Deaf's seminal 1992 publication has been reprinted by the British Deaf History Society (BDHS). This 310 page book contains all the 30 papers that were in the original publication, plus two more papers that were not previously included.
The regulation of nationality in international law
Regional protection of human rights
Rule of law : prospects in Central Asia rural areas and human problems
Like water on stone : the story of Amnesty International
Emergent publics : an essay on social movements and democracy
General conclusions and recommendations (s. 129-140).
Introduction to the international human rights regime
Human rights missions : a study of the fact-finding practice of non-governmental organizations
Defending human rights in Russia : Sergei Kovalyov, dissident and human rights commissioner, 1969-2003
Keepers of the flame : understanding Amnesty International
Ground-Breaking Analysis of Russian Human Rights Activism through the European Court of Human Rights
Edge of eternity
Implementation of cultural rights within international legislative instruments
The changing role of human right ingos : an overall analysis and a case study of amnesty international
Writings from deaf liberation : a selection of NUD papers 1976-1986
Human Rights Watch world report. 2011, Events of 2010.
The international human rights movement : a history
Local remedies in international law
Handbook of human rights
International human rights : a comprehensive introduction
Amnesty International report. 1995.
Human Rights Watch world report. 2010, Events of 2009.
Human rights in Russia : citizens and the state from perestroika to Putin
Global human rights institutions : between remedy and ritual
The evolution of international human rights : visions seen
The spirit of Uppsala : proceedings of the Joint UNITAR-Uppsala University Seminar on International Law and Organization for a New World Order (JUS 81), Uppsala 9-18 June 1981
Human rights in the OSCE region : the Balkans, the Caucasus, Europe, Central Asia and North America : report
Amnesty International report : the state of the world's human rights. 2006.
Amnesty international report 2002.
Enforcement of human rights in peace & war and the future of humanity
Arbitrary arrests and detentions in Chile : 4th session of the International Commission of Enquiry into the Crimes of the Military Junta in Chile, Helsinki, March 28th-29th, 1976, Finlandia House
Amnesty International report : 1999.
The ballad of Lee Cotton
International human rights : law, policy, and process
Revising the standards and the supervisory system of the ILO : The role of fundamental rights and principles
A guide to human rights : institutions, standards, procedures
Amnesty International report. 1998.
Human rights : international protection, monitoring, enforcement
Violation of human rights and immunities of the international organizations : a special focus on UN peacekeeping missions
Understanding the framing of issues in multi-actor arenas : power relations in the human rights debate
Understanding powers of international organizations : a study of the doctrines of attributed powers, implied powers and constitutionalism - with a special focus on the Human Rights Committee
Finding justice at the European Court of Human Rights : the dynamics of strategic litigation and human rights defense in the Russian Federation
