http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14980 civilisation
civilisation
Transformative challenges : modern civilization and beyond
The revolutions of civilisation
Do humankind's best days lie ahead?
Ancient Greece
Ancient Rome : life, myth and art
Prophets of decline : the global histories of Brooks Adams, Oswald Spengler and Arnold Toynbee in the United States 1896-1961
Civilization : an essay
The Greenwood encyclopedia of global medieval life and culture. Volume 1, Europe and the Americas
The year of the flood
Duality into unity : a spiritual and social vision for the millennium
The vikings
The measure of civilisation : how social development decides the fate of nations
The origins of civilization in Greek & Roman thought
Cyberstorm
CETI Revisited : should we send radio messages to faraway galaxies?
The age of the horse : an equine journey through human history
Introducing the ancient Greeks
The overview effect : space exploration and human evolution
Pandora's seed : the unforeseen costs of civilization
Sapiens : a brief history of humankind
Earth : the life of a planet
Chang Jiang shi hua = History of the Yangtze River
Civilization and ethics
The dark forest
War! : what is it good for? : the role of conflict in civilization, from primates to robots
How to win a Roman chariot race : lives, legends and treasures from the ancient world
The Western tradition : a series of talks given in the B. B. C. European programme
Despite the port's prominence in maritime history, its cultural significance has long been neglected in favour of its role within economic and imperial networks. Defined by their intersection of maritime and urban space, port towns were sites of complex cultural exchanges. This book, the product of international scholarship, offers innovative and challenging perspectives on the cultural histories of ports, ranging from eighteenth-century Africa to twentieth-century Australasia and Europe. The essays in this important collection explore two key themes; the nature and character of 'sailortown' culture and port-town life, and the representations of port towns that were forged both within and beyond urban-maritime communities. The book's exploration of port town identities and cultures, and its use of a rich array of methodological approaches and cultural artefacts, will make it of great interest to both urban and maritime historians. It also represents a major contribution to the emerging, interdisciplinary field of coastal studies.
The upright thinkers : the human journey from living in trees to understanding the cosmos
Medieval Europe : a short history
Mobile lives : self, excess and nature
Civilization in ancient India
The human impact on the natural environment : past, present, and future
Civilization : critical concepts in political science. Vol. 4, Civilizational relations: past, present and future
The civilizing process. Vol. 2, Power & Civility
The sea and civilization : a maritime history of the world
From its beginnings in the seventeenth century, the Baroque embraced the whole of Catholic Europe and infiltrated Protestant England, Orthodox Russia and even Muslim Turkey. Architecture, paintings, poetry, music, natural science and new forms of piety all have their places on the Baroque map. In this surprising reinterpretation of the Baroque, Robert Harbison offers new readings that stress its eccentric and tumultuous forms, in which a destablized sense of reality is often projected onto the viewer. This strange, subjectively inclined world is manifested in such bizarre phenomena as the small stuccoed universes of Giacomo Serpotta, the Sacred Mounts of Piedmont and the grimacing heads of F. X. Messerschmidt. Harbison explores the Baroque's metamorphoses into later styles, particularly the Rococo, and, in an unexpected twist, pursues the Baroque idea into the nineteenth and twentieth centuries, proposing provocative analyses of pastiches or imitations (in Der Rosenkavalier and the work of Aubrey Beardsley) or resemblances (deliberate or not) in Czech Cubism and Frank Gehry's architecture. "Reflections on Baroque" demonstrates that the Baroque impulse lives on in the twenty-first century imagination.
Keen's Latin American civilization : history & society, 1492 to the present
Social dialetics. Vol. 1, Civilisations and social theory
Civilization in the West
The Athenian empire
The evolution of everything : how new ideas emerge
A gathering of wings
Civilization : critical concepts in political science. Vol. 3, Civilization and its others
The Pelican history of Greece
Western civilization : ideas, politics & society
Traditional Chinese culture
High-rise
1519 : a journey to the end of time
The great shame : and the triumph of the Irish in the English-speaking world
Childhood's end
The 10,000 year explosion : how civilization accelerated human evolution
The Greenwood encyclopedia of global medieval life and culture. Volume 2, Africa and the Middle East
The Aegean civilization
Big history : our incredible journey, from big bang to now
The quiet invasion
History of the world in 1000 objects
Structure and meaning : relinking classical sociology
Origins : the roots of European civilisation
The history and uncertain future of handwriting
The egyptians
Daily life in Greece at the time of Pericles
The modernization of China and Japan
The collapse of complex societies
Pandora's seed : why the hunter-gatherer holds the key to our survival
The ever-present origin
History of civilizations of Central Asia. Volume 5, Development in contrast : from the sixteenth to the mid-nineteenth century
Kashmir and it's people : studies in the evolution of Kashmiri society
The story of the vikings picture book
Style and civilizations
John Carter of Mars : Warlord of Mars
Now in a fully revised and updated edition, this concise and insightful book explores the ways American popular products such as movies, music, television programs, fast food, sports, and even clothing styles have molded and continue to influence modern globalization. Lane Crothers offers a thoughtful examination of both the appeal of American products worldwide and the fear and rejection they induce in many people and nations around the world. The author defines what we mean by "popular culture," how popular culture is distinguished from the generic concept of "culture," and what constitutes "American" popular culture. Tracing how U.S. movies, music, and TV became dominant in world popular culture, Crothers also considers the ways in which non-visual products like fast-food franchises, sports, and fashion have become ubiquitous. He also presents a fascinating set of case studies that highlight the varied roles American products play in a range of different nations and communities. Concluding with a projection of the future impact of American popular culture, this book makes a powerful argument for its central role in shaping global politics and economic development.
A short history of progress
What is the world of the 21st century like now that the centrality of the West is no longer given? How were the societies and cultures of today's world together with their interconnections forged, and what is driving human society in our times? In short, what is the state of the world today as we enter the second decade of the 21st century? This is the first book which deals with planetary human society as whole. It is a beginner's guide to the world after the West and after globalization, compact, portable, and jargon-free. It is aimed at everybody who, even with experience, has kept a begi.
The well-tempered city : what modern science, ancient civilizations, and human nature teach us about the future of urban life
Civilization : critical concepts in political science. Vol. 1, The origins and meaning of civilization
The Greenwood encyclopedia of global medieval life and culture. Volume 3, Asia and Oceania
The origins of Greek civilization 1100-650 B.C
Iran without borders : towards a critique of the postcolonial nation
The beautiful and the damned : a portrait of the new India
100 cultural symbols of Korea : 100 windows showcasing Korea
A short history of Western civilization
Port towns and urban cultures : International  histories of the waterfront, c.17002000
Ancient Rome : facts at your fingertips
The great divide : history and human nature in the old world and the new
Economics of good and evil : the quest for economic meaning from Gilgamesh to Wall Street
Daughter of the centaurs
Mankind : the story of all of us
Babylon : Mesopotamia and the birth of civilization
The three-body problem
Civilization : critical concepts in political science. Vol. 2, Civilization, civilizations, progress and history
Speaker for the dead
The world : a beginner's guide
"No ruling regime," writes Hamid Dabashi, "could ever have a total claim over the idea of Iran as a nation, a people." For decades, the narrative about Iran has been dominated by a false binary, in which the traditional ruling Islamist regime is counterposed against a modern population of educated, secular urbanites. However, Iran has for many centuries been a nation forged from a diverse mix of influences, most of them non-sectarian and cosmopolitan. In Iran Without Borders, the acclaimed cultural critic and scholar of Iranian history Hamid Dabashi traces the evolution of this worldly culture from the eighteenth century to the present day, journeying through social and intellectual movements, and the lives of writers, artists and public intellectuals who articulated the idea of Iran on a transnational public sphere. Many left their homeland--either physically or emotionally--and imagined it from places as far-flung as Istanbul, Cairo, Calcutta, Paris, or New York, but together they forged a nation as worldly as it is multifarious.
Barsk : the elephants' graveyard
The book of strange new things
Civilisations of the ancient world : a visual sourcebook
Adventures of Ideas
Civilization and its discontents
"A book that makes the case for evolution over design and skewers a widespread but dangerous myth: that we have ultimate control over our world"--
Greek civilization. [1], From the Iliad to the Parthenon
Domestication : the decline of environmental appreciation
An introduction to Japanese civilization
The Japanese achievement : a short history of Japan and its culture
Sid Meier's civilization : The board game
The human legacy
The Mythmaking frame of mind : social imagination and American culture
The edge of the world : how the North Sea made us who we are
Early islamic civilisation
China's gifts to the West
A world without meaning : the crisis of meaning in international politics
Text, photographs and illustrations offer a visual narrative of the geographical history of Earth
"Au XXIe siècle, l'Europe ne fait plus rêver: son modèle est contesté, tant sur le plan économique qu'intellectuel et politique. Face à ces désillusions, il est urgent d'interroger les origines de l'idée d'Europe: quand et comment la notion d'Europe s'est-elle définie? L'ouvrage dirigé par Antoine Lilti et Céline Spector propose un détour par les Lumières. Si l'Europe peut s'enorgueillir d'une longue histoire, c'est bien au XVIIIe siècle qu'elle est devenue un enjeu philosophique, historique et politique majeur. De Montesquieu à Kant, de Voltaire à Burke ou à Robertson, l'idée d'Europe est au cœur des controverses sur le droit international comme sur l'économie politique, sur la légitimité de l'expansion coloniale comme sur les espoirs d'un monde pacifié. Véritable enquête collective conduite par des historiens et des philosophes, Penser l'Europe au XVIIIe siècle aborde trois éléments majeurs autour desquels gravite le concept naissant d'Europe: l'empire, le commerce et la civilisation. Après avoir décrit la manière dont l'ordre européen a été conçu, les auteurs examinent la question de l'expansion commerciale et coloniale de l'Europe, ainsi que les théories de la civilisation, qui permettent d'interroger le statut de l'exceptionnalisme européen. Le siècle des Lumières ne nous présente pas un idéal européen à ressusciter, mais un champ d'interrogations dont nous ne sommes jamais véritablement sortis."--Back cover.
"The New York Times bestselling author of The Rational Optimist and Genome returns with a fascinating, brilliant argument for evolution that definitively dispels a dangerous, widespread myth: that we can command and control our world.The Evolution of Everything is about bottom-up order and its enemy, the top-down twitch--the endless fascination human beings have for design rather than evolution, for direction rather than emergence. Drawing on anecdotes from science, economics, history, politics and philosophy, Matt Ridley's wide-ranging, highly opinionated opus demolishes conventional assumptions that major scientific and social imperatives are dictated by those on high, whether in government, business, academia, or morality. On the contrary, our most important achievements develop from the bottom up. Patterns emerge, trends evolve. Just as skeins of geese form Vs in the sky without meaning to, and termites build mud cathedrals without architects, so brains take shape without brain-makers, learning can happen without teaching and morality changes without a plan.Although we neglect, defy and ignore them, bottom-up trends shape the world. The growth of technology, the sanitation-driven health revolution, the quadrupling of farm yields so that more land can be released for nature--these were largely emergent phenomena, as were the Internet, the mobile phone revolution, and the rise of Asia. Ridley demolishes the arguments for design and effectively makes the case for evolution in the universe, morality, genes, the economy, culture, technology, the mind, personality, population, education, history, government, God, money, and the future.As compelling as it is controversial, authoritative as it is ambitious, Ridley's stunning perspective will revolutionize the way we think about our world and how it works"--
Why hope? : the stand against civilization
Awe for the tiger, love for the lamb : a chronicle of sensibility to animals
What on earth happened? ... in brief : the planet, life and people from the big bang to the present day
The renaissance of Tibetan civilization
What on earth happened?
Round table discussion : Perspectives at the closure of Unesco's East-West Programme
The romans : gods, emperors and dormice
Ancient worlds : the search for the origins of western civilization
The dawn of civilization : the first world survey of human cultures in early times
Hellas : the civilization of ancient Greece
A troublesome inheritance : genes, race and human history
Proceedings : American studies in Trans-Pacific perspective
The great waves of change : navigating the difficult times ahead
Death's end
The ascent of humanity
Greek civilization. [3], From Euripides to Alexandria
"Discusses the cultural history of Europe from prehistory to the modern day. Includes illustrations, maps and case studies"--
The silk roads : a new history of the world
Mediterranean crossings : the politics of an interrupted modernity
What makes civilization? : the ancient near East and the future of the West
Civilization and society
Zhongguo wen hua dao du = Aspect of Chinese culture
The concept of freedom
The medieval European community
Mutations of Hellenism in late antiquity
Greece
Mind at the end of its tether
Wisdom of trees
Modern civilization : a history of the last five centuries
Civilization : the six killer apps of Western power
"With the scope of Dune and the rousing action of Independence Day, this near-future trilogy is the first chance for English-speaking readers to2 8xperience this multple-award-winning phenemonenon from China's most beloved science fiction author. In Dark Forest, Earth is reeling from the revelation of a coming alien invasion--in just four centuries' time. The aliens' human collaborators may have been defeated, but the presence of the sophons, the subatomic particles that allow Trisolaris instant access to all human information, means that Earth's defense plans are totally exposed to the enemy. Only the human mind remains a secret. This is the motivation for the Wallfacer Project, a daring plan that grants four men enormous resources to design secret strategies, hidden through deceit and misdirection from Earth and Trisolaris alike. Three of the Wallfacers are influential statesmen and scientists, but the fourth is a total unknown. Luo Ji, an unambitious Chinese astronomer and sociologist, is baffled by his new status. All he knows is that he's the one Wallfacer that Trisolaris wants dead"-- Provided by publisher
A cultural history of Hungary : from the beginnings to the eighteenth century
China : a new cultural history
The Kingfisher Atlas of the Ancient World
The pearly gates of cyberspace : a history of space from Dante to the Internet
The Greek experience
John Carter : Warlord of Mars. Omnibus
Is humanity approaching a Golden Age, driven by technology and ever-closer global networks? Or is the notion of progress an illusion born in the West?
John Carter of Mars : weird worlds
The evolution of everything : how small changes transform our world
Some problems of Greek history
"With the scope of Dune and the commercial action of Independence Day, this near-future trilogy is the first chance for English-speaking readers to experience this multple-award-winning phenemonenon from China's most beloved science fiction author. Set against the backdrop of China's Cultural Revolution, a secret military project sends signals into space to establish contact with aliens. An alien civilization on the brink of destruction captures the signal and plans to invade Earth. Meanwhile, on Earth, different camps start forming, planning to either welcome the superior beings and help them take over a world seen as corrupt, or to fight against the invasion. The result is a science fiction masterpiece of enormous scope and vision"
Searching for Vedic India
The Martian chronicles
J. G. Ballard's compelling and unnerving tale of what happens when life in a luxury apartment building descends into chaos. 'Later, as he sat on his balcony eating the dog, Dr Robert Laing reflected on the unusual events that had taken place within this huge apartment building during the previous three months.' Within the walls of an elegant forty-storey high-rise, the affluent tenants are hell-bent on an orgy of destruction. Cocktail parties degenerate into marauding attacks on 'enemy' floors, and the once-luxurious amenities become an arena for mayhem. In this visionary novel, the veneer of civilised society is stripped away as the inhabitants of the high-rise, driven by primal urges, create a dystopian world ruled by intimidation and violence.
The Carthaginians
Greek civilization. [2], From the Antigone to Socrates
Homo deus : a brief history of tomorrow
The new Vichy syndrome : why European intellectuals surrender to barbarism
This noble land : my vision for America
The hammer and the cross : a new history of the Vikings
Globalization and American popular culture
Daily life of the etruscans
System Thinking World Journal : Reflection in Action
Weeds : how vagabond plants gatecrashed civilisation and changed the way we think about nature
The cabaret of plants : botany and the imagination
The story of the Jews : finding the words 1000 BCE-1492 CE
Nations
Centuries of change : which century saw the most change and why it matters to us
In search of civilization : remaking a tarnished idea
What have the Greeks done for modern civilisation
War - what is it good for? : the role of conflict in civilisation, from primates to robots
Cultural foundations of industrial civilization
Changing images of civil society : from protest to government
