http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14971 category management
category management
The agile marketer : turning customer experience into your competitive advantage
Category management in purchasing : a strategic approach to maximize business profitability
Consumer-centric category management : how to increase profits by managing categories based on consumer needs
Luxury strategy in action
The sales team can often make or break the success of new brands or products. This comprehensive guide provides strategies, models and checklists to help managers and directors strengthen the relationships of their firm's sales force with their own or other brands, maximizing turnover and profit in the long run.
"This book is for marketing leaders who are attempting to modernize their marketing practices,the platforms that support them- so that they can partner with the chief poduct officer to innovate, drive the business, and establish competitive advantage. It's also for marketers who recognize a unique opportunity to position marketing as the "steward" not just of the brand but of customer experience across the board"--
Product information management : theory and practice
Retail category management / Deborah C. Fowler, Ben K. Goh
Retail product management : buying and merchandising
The digital assembly line
Product development : drivers, stakeholders, and customer representation during early development
Luxury brand management : a world of privilege
Improving the marketing of cosmetics in Vapaa Valinta
Abstract.
Case studies on release planning in agile development organizations
Development of a tool measuring the organisational functionality of Walki Wisa Operations Finland
Elements of scrum
The product manager's handbook
Key account management : tools and techniques for achieving profitable key supplier status
Total quality management : the route to improving performance
Category management business process, advantages and disadvantages : imported beers sub-segment
Key account management : a complete action kit of tools & techniques for achieving profitable key supplier status
Brand together : how co-creation generates innovation and re-energizes brands
Luxury sales force management : strategies for winning over your brand ambassadors
The luxury strategy : break the rules of marketing to build luxury brands
Shopper marketing : how to increase purchase decisions at the point of sale
User experience management : essential skills for leading effective UX teams
The management of luxury : a practioner's handbook
Retailers must be primed to face increasingly difficult trading conditions thanks to the rise of the internet, increasingly better informed consumers, technological advances and an often competitive environment. Retaining the popular style and elements of the first two editions, this established text helps to provide students with the necessary skills to understand and tackle these challenges.
"The aim of shopper marketing is to convert browsing shoppers into active purchasers at the point of sale. Although a relatively new area of marketing, it has attracted increased investment year on year - and according to surveys is growing even faster than internet advertising. Edited by two highly respected practitioners, Shopper Marketing demonstrates how marketers can influence the buying decision in-store, including practical advice on shopper needs and trends, retail environments, effective packaging and much more. The second edition has been fully updated and revised, with new material on shopper marketing in the international context and a new foreword by marketing guru Philip Kotler"--
Product Information Management is the latest topic that companies across the world are deliberating upon. As companies sell online, they are confronted with the fact that not all information necessary to sell their products is available. Where marketing, sales and finance have been core processes of the corporate world for a long time, PIM is a new business process with its own unique implementation and management challenges. The book describes the core PIM processes; their strategic, tactical and operational benefits and implementation challenges. The book has been written for managers, business users as well as students, and illustrates the different concepts with practical cases from companies like Coca Cola, Nikon and Thomas Cook.
International marketing and export management
How cool brands stay hot : branding to generation Y
Managing brand equity : capitalizing on the value of a brand name
Project management in new product development
New luxury management : creating and managing sustainable value across the organization
