http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14995 ragtime
ragtime
The rough guide to blues legends : Blind Blake : reborn and remastered
Complete piano works : rags, waltzes, marches
How to play ragtime guitar
Jelly Roll Morton. Volume 1
Old Time Mandolin Solos
Blue tones
Robert Winter's Crazy for ragtime
All American ragtime. 1, Volume one : Original hits by ragtime's three great composers
Classic Ragtime Guitar Solos
King of ragtime
Take it easy : easy arrangements for piano
The big book of ragtime piano : piano solo
The essential piano library. ragtime
This is ragtime
All you need is love : the story of popular music
The art of fingerstyle guitar : Ragtime guitar
Last sessions : the complete General recordings
Golden encyclopedia of ragtime : from 1900 to 1974 : 100 piano solos
The complete blues & ragtime guitar player
They all played ragtime : the true story of an American music
Mel Bay's ragtime, blues & jazz for banjo
Country ragtime guitar
Dance Music : Ragtime, Jazz & More
F. Scott Fitzgerald and the music : tales of the Jazz Age : the Great Gatsby
How to play ragtime guitar : Ragtime exercises, 139 vocal & instrumental arrangements, Scott Joplin "School of ragtime", The Maple leaf rag, The easy winners, Rag-time dance, Heliotrope bouquet
Sparkling ragtime : for easy piano
The St. Louis blues : and other song hits of 1914
Classic piano rags ; Complete original music for 81 rags
Glad rags and all that jazz [Nuottijulkaisu] : early intermediate piano solos
My creole belle
The best of ragtime favorites & how to play them : including Scott Joplin's School of ragtime, 6 exercises for piano
Ragtime : 100 Authentic Rags
Red to blue
8 ragtimes for accordion
The songs of Doc Watson : Some 30 favorites as sung and played by the great folk musician of the Smokies
The best of ragtime & how to play them
Take it easy. Scott Joplin
Cakewalks, rags and novelties : the international ragtime discography (1894-1930)
The best of ragtime favorites & how to play them : intermediate piano solos
Riverside history of classic jazz
A century of dance
The sting : original motion picture soundtrack
Uptown blues (american roots guitar)
The Smithsonian collection of classic jazz. Volume 1.
Classic piano rags : complete original music for 81 rags
Scott Joplin & the age of ragtime
Memory lane 1890 to 1925
Blind Blake : authentic guitar tab edition
The Young Big Bill Broonzy 1928-1935
It's easy to play basic ragtime piano and be popular
The best of jazz class ragtime favorites & how to play them : intermediate piano solos
Mel Bay's ragtime piano styles
[Mainspring Press Digital's first multimedia production, The ragtime discography combines text, images, and audio files to document the full spectrum of historic ragtime recordings. Building on the author's 2003 Cakewalks, rags and novelties, this work has been expanded to cover records issued through the end of 78-rpm production. The existing entries have been updated based on newly discovered primary-source materials, and hundreds of U.S. and foreign cylinders and 78s of all eras have been added. The ragtime discography contains the most detailed discographic data to be found, largely from the original company recording files and catalogs. As a bonus, you'll find full-color reproductions of more than 50 rare sheet-music cover, along with 98 early ragtime recordings expertly digitized in MP3 format.]
The ragtime songbook
Ragtime for guitar ensemble
The remaining titles
Golden encyclopaedia of ragtime from 1900 to 1974 : 100 piano solos
Ragtime song and dance
The piano style of Scott Joplin : some of Joplin's best for advanced piano
How to play ragtime : intermediate piano
Fun with the old favorites
The original charleston : rhythms of the roaring twenties
Irving Berlin and ragtime America
The joy of ragtime : a graded collection of classic piano rags by Scott Joplin, James Scott, Joseph F. Lamb, Tom Turpin, Charles Hunter, Percy Wenrich and many others / selected and edited by Denes Agay
20 ragtime jazz classics : for piano : piano solo
Golden encyclopaedia of ragtime : from 1900 to 1974 : 100 piano solos
The best of ragtime favorites & how to play them
Alexander's ragtime band : and other ragtime hits
I gotta right to play the blues : Piano blues by Champion Jack Dupree, Jelly Roll Morton, James P. Johnson and others
Sincerely Eubie Blake : 9 original compositions for piano solo
A life in ragtime : a biography of James Reese Europe
New Orleans piano legends : piano solo
Alexander's ragtime band and other ragtime hits [Nuottijulkaisu]
They all played ragtime
It's easy to play ragtime
Treemonisha : Vocal Selection
Treemonisha : an opera in three acts
Classic rags : for flute & piano
Ragtime : a musical and cultural history
Play ragtime guitar
The fabulous George Lewis Band : "The inside story"
Best ragtime solos : fingerstyle curriculum
Early jazz for fingerstyle guitar
Ragtime for piano : für Klavier
Finger-picking guitar techniques : Stefan Grossman's study into blues and ragtime guitar
Scott Joplin and the ragtime era
The best of Scott Joplin : a collection of original ragtime piano compositions. Book no. 1
Ragtime : its history, composers, and music
Alexander's ragtime band and other hits : piano, voice
Doctors, professors, kings & queens : the big ol' box of New Orleans
Essential jazz : the first 100 years
The best of jazz class : ragtime favorites & how to play them
How to play Dixieland, Jazz & Ragtime
The best of Scott Joplin. Book 1, A collection of original ragtime piano compositions
Ragtime classics
Riverboat soul
200 of the best songs from ragtime & early jazz
The Art of Fingerstyle Guitar : Ragtime Guitar
Gold : the easy piano collection
Alexander's ragtime band 1927-1928
Kid Ory's Creole Jazz Band 1944-45
You can play stride piano
The ragtime discography 1894-1960 : cakewalks, rags and novelties on cylinders and 78s
Roots and blues : fingerstyle guitar : 25 songs to play
Ramblers, gamblers, vagabonds and revelers : 100 songs by and about the archetypes and architects of American roots music
Blues & ragtime : 23 blues & ragtime greats arranged for intermediate piano solo
Alexander's Ragtime Band
The Smithsonian collection of classic jazz [CD]. Volume 1.
New orleans jazz
Alexander's ragtime band and other ragtime hits
Ragtime rarities : complete original music for 63 piano rags
New Orleans Ragtime Orchestra
Red Hot & Ragtime : Golden Hour Presents
Baxter's Finger-picking blues and ragtime manual
Alexander's ragtime band and other ragtime hits : piano, voice
Ragtime guitar's foremost fingerpicker
Alexander's Ragtime Band and other ragtime hits : Piano, voice
20 ragtime jazz classics : for piano
