http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14922 mafia
mafia
Mafia business : the mafia ethic and the spirit of capitalism
Blood's a rover
Prohibition gangsters : the rise and fall of a bad generation
The Sicilian : a novel by Mario Puzo
The Andalucian friend
Blood brotherhoods : the rise of the Italian mafias
House reckoning : a Joe DeMarco thriller
The boss of bosses : the life of the infamous Totò Riina dreaded head of the Sicilian mafia
Killing ground
The dog who bit a policeman : an Inspector Porfiry Rostnikov mystery
The death of a mafia don
The Geneva deception
The Sopranos : series 6. Part I
The Mafia of a Sicilian village, 1860-1960 : a study of violent peasant entrepreneurs
Last man standing
Road to Perdition
Alice in the Country of Clover : My Fanatic Rabbit. 1
Brownsville
The Mafia : history and legend
The defence
Black Lagoon. 006
The first rule
Black Lagoon. 002
The dance of the seagull
Inferno
Never screw up
Brother
Mafia republic : Italy's criminal curse:  Cosa Nostra, Camorra and 'Ndrangheta from 1946 to the present
Black Lagoon. 003
The gate house
Cosa Nostra : a history of the Sicilian mafia
The Soviet mafia
Tekkonkinkreet : black & white
Day of reckoning
Force of execution
The godfather : the lost years
The blinded man
Reborn!. 1
Women and the mafia : female roles in organized crime structures
Reborn!. 16
Insiders. Volume 2 : Missiles for Islamabad
Omerta : city of gangsters : Xbox 360
Mafia. II : PlayStation 3
The Sopranos : series 6. Part II
The mafia encyclopedia
Alice in the country of Clover : Marchs Hare
Mafia summit : J. Edgar Hoover, The Kennedy brothers, and the meeting that unmasked the mob
American tabloid
The Sopranos : complete series 5
The war against the Mafia
Yakuza : Japan's criminal underworld
Godfathers : lives and crimes of the mafia mobsters
Black Lagoon. 001
Alice in the Country of Clover : My Fanatic Rabbit. 2
Beauty & inferno : essays
The ring ; and, The opposite of death
Sicily : a short history, from the Greeks to Cosa Nostra
A hard woman to kill
In this dice-rolling, area-control board game, yoúll take on the role of the head of one of six major crime families battling for control of New York City. Through the roll of your dice pool, yoúll send out your soldiers to take over different territories or send them to Vegas to gamble on your future.
Unfinished business : screening the Italian Mafia in the new millenium
Queen & country. [Vol 1] : Operation: Broken ground
Gold Coast
Don Vito : the secret life of the mayor of the Corleonesi
The other son
Cosa nostra : a history of the Sicilian mafia
Dead man down
Blood and rubles : an Inspector Porfiry Rostnikov mystery
State of absence
The Sopranos : complete series 4
The Sopranos : complete series 3
The Godfather's daughter : an unlikely story of love, healing, and redemption
"DeMarco always knew that his father Gino had a shady job for a local mafioso, but he didn't understand that Gino had been a hit man until he was murdered. Now, nearly twenty years later, one of Gino's former mob associates is dying of lung cancer, and he wants to get something off his chest before retiring to his grave: the truth about Gino's killer"--Amazon.com.
Black mass : Whitey Bulger, the FBI, and a devil's deal
Vanished
Nothing personal
The Mammoth Book of the Mafia
The mafia encyclopedia : [from Accardo to Zwillman]
Understanding global issues : a periodic briefing with topic map, illustrations, charts, facts and analysis. 1999, 1 : Organised crime : a growing threat to democracy?
Insiders. Volume 4 : Takeover bid on the Kremlin
Mafia and organized crime : a beginner's guide
American mafia : a history of its rise to power
Black Lagoon. 008
The godfather in Australia : organised crime's Australian connections
I heard you paint houses
History of the mafia
Get Shorty
Alice in the country of diamonds : Bet on my heart
Cosa Nostra : a history of the Sicilian Mafia
Black Lagoon. 005
Once and always
The Godfather DVD collection
The complete Al's baby
Easy money
A death in Calabria
Men of honour : the truth about the Mafia
The last Don
The honoured society
The new Italians
A loyal character dancer
The Mafia and politics
The officer's lover
Mafia : the final secrets : the last confessions of a mob godfather
The first rule : a Joe Pike novel
Hardcase
Black Lagoon. 007
The Sopranos : complete series 1
Last of the good guys
The Sopranos : complete series 2
Organized crime : an inside guide to the world's most succesful industry
Black Lagoon. 004
The Godfather : A new Don
The collaborator
Corky Romano : fiasko maffioso
The killing kind
ITALY / ED. BARRETT. - (INSIGHT GUIDES)
Mafia princess : the explosive true story of a British mafia princess
Firewall
Swahili modernities : culture, politics and identity on the East Coast Africa
The Collaborator
The family
McMafia  : seriously organized crime
In the Godfather Garden : the long life and times of Richie "the Boot" Boiardo
Insiders. Volume 3 : The Afgan trap
