http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14931 hymn singing
hymn singing
In the wake of Bartók in Anatolia
Kidsource : super songs for church and school
The Novello book of British hymns : 50 hymn arrangements for SATB choir and concregation
Songs of fellowship. 2
Songs of fellowship
Traditional hymns
Summary.
Song of Songs
Weekly worship : 52 hymns for a year of praise
Rikas rakas vanha Rauma = Old Rauma near and dear
Singing the Gospel : Lutheran hymns and the success of the Reformation
It's easy to play hymns
The power and the glory
The Novello book of hymns
The Cambridge hymnal
The articles of this compilation are based on a selection of conference papers and presentations held in the international hymnological conference Hymn Song Society in October 2014 in Espoo, Finland. The conference was organized as a co-operation of an academic research project of hymns and spiritual songs conducted in Finland and the Nordic Hymnological Research Network. In the Finnish research project, a special emphasis was placed on researching the contemporary situation of hymns and songs in society. This viewpoint frames also the contents of this book where the articles are independent, peer reviewed academic studies. Thematically, the book is divided into three sections. The first one deals with the numerous functions and meanings of hymns in the Christian church and society at large. The second section in the book has a focus on hymnals in different national contexts. The third section addresses experiences with spiritual songs, as well as the meanings and influence that spiritual songs have had during the course of life. The themes of the articles cover a wide range over hymnological, musicological and societal topics. The articles deal with both hymns and spiritual songs, their texts, melodies, singers and contexts; their environments varying from the Finnish and Scandinavian countries, and crossing over the Northern European borders as well. The authors are academic researchers and scholars on Church music, Theology, Religious education, History, Social sciences, and Cultural studies.
The books of Ruth, Esther, Ecclesiastes, the Song of Songs, Lamentations : the Five Scrolls
Congregational song : proposals for renewal
Laudamus : hymnal for the assembly of the Lutheran World Federation = Gesangbuch für die Vollversammlung des Lutherischen Weltbundes = Psalmbok för Lutherska världsförbundets generalförsamling
The source : the definitive worship collection
Ylistaron kirkon urut = The organ of Ylistaro Church
The Australian worship collection. Book two
The Colossian hymn in context : an exegesis in light of Jewish and Greco-Roman hymnic and epistolary conventions
Finnish folk hymn singing : study in music anthropology
Music for funeral and memorial services
Epiphany at St Paul's
Songs of glory : stories of 300 great hymns and gospel songs
The song of the stars : British music for upper voice choir
African American heritage hymnal
How great Thou art
Rejoice, the Lord is king! : great hymns from Westminster Abbey
Abstract: Ystävä sä lapsien : collection of Finnish language children's hymns and spiritual songs from 1824-1938 and their influence on the Hymnal 1938.
Nordic folklore : recent studies
Hymns & gospel tunes for cello & piano
Trav'ling home : American spirituals 1770-1870
Christmas source : a comprehensive seasonal collection
Home to thanksgiving : songs of thanks and praise
Sacred songs for the soloist : 20 songs on religious texts for medium high voice
A performer's guide to medieval music
4-chord hymns for guitar
The British worship collection
Stories behind popular songs and hymns
Pastorit areenalla II
Abstract.
Traditional hymn singing in the Nordic countries
Colours of grace : Gesangbuch der Gemeinschaft Evangelischer Kirchen in Europa (GEKE) : Hymnbook of the Community of Protestant Churches in Europe (CPCE) : Livre de cantiques de la Communion d'Églises Protestantes en Europe (CEPE)
Laudamus : hymnal for the Lutheran World Federation = Gesangbuch für den Lutherischen Weltbund = Psalmbok för Lutherska världsförbundet
"Mint az folyó víz mellett termő szép fa" : Huszár Gál 1560-as énekeskönyve : himnuszok, canticumok és parafrázisok = "Tree planted by streams of water" : the hymnal of Gallus Huszár of 1560 : hymns, canticles and paraphrases
Table of Plenty : Favorite Worship Songs
Songs of the Doukhobors : an introductory outline
Vernacular Gregorian chant and Lutheran hymn-singing in Reformation-era Finland
Christian praise
The new Novello book of short & easy anthems for mixed-voice chorus
Re-forming texts, music, and church art in the early modern north
The Gibbons hymnal : hymns and anthems
The American worship collection
