http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14935 springs (waters)
springs (waters)
Documents such as inventories, letters, diaries, wills, and artists contracts are translated from the original Italian or Latin to comprise this anthology on the relationship Italian women had with visual arts and material culture from the 15th to mid-17th centuries.
Crusade and Christendom : annotated documents in translation from Innocent III to the fall of Acre, 1187-1291
Religious controversy in Scotland 1625-1639
Ring the Janitor : the recognition of American and British English writing
Middle-Egyptian stories : 1. The story of Sinuhe, 2. The shipwrecked sailor
Competitive advantage from leveraging external resources : reuse of open source software components
Diffusion of Solar Products on the African Market-Ghana case
Narrative of the Anabaptist madness : the overthrow of Münster, the famous Metropolis of Westphalia
The Oecumenical Councils of the Roman Catholic Church : from Trent to Vatican II (1545-1965)
Dutch sources on South Asia, c. 1600-1825. Vol. 4, Mission to Madurai : Dutch embassies to the Nayaka Court of Madurai in the seventeenth century
The Fourth Crusade in the historical memory of the Eastern Orthodox Slavs
Open Source Mazeball Game for Windows Phone
Voices of a people's history of the United States
Origen, spirit and fire : a thematic anthology of his writings
Rebellions and peripheries in the cuneiform world
A study of the early medieval Chinese, Latin and Tibetan historical sources on pre-imperial Tibet
A lasting relationship : parents and children over three centuries
Prologue to revolution : sources and documents on the Stamp Act crisis, 1764-1766
Biogasification Potential of some Algae Species
Techno-economic pre-feasibility study of wind and solar electricity generating systems for households in Central Finland
Ferocious beast (óarga dýr) between north and east
An economic assessment of micro-scale use of renewable energy sources : two case studies
Chronicon Anonymi Cantuariensis = The chronicle of Anonymous of Canterbury, 1346-1365
Writing the early Crusades : text, transmission and memory
Dutch sources on South Asia, c. 1600-1825. Vol. 2, Archival guide to the repositories in The Netherlands other than the National Archives
Literary fragments in the hieratic script
Comment : : literary fairy tales and the types of international folktales (AA, AT,  ATU)
The Old Norse poetic form stikki
Transition in crusader Valencia : years of triumph, years of war, 1264-1270
The Oxford handbook of Holinshed's Chronicles
Tuck everlasting
Energy supply and consumption
This paper examines Russian energy development and plans and their geopolitical implications around the turn of the new millennium. Argumentation is founded on the interpretation of the impacts of stakeholders' interests on geopolitics under new societal conditions and the legacy of past energy production and logistics. Empirical evidence consists of material from the projects of Russian companies and the plans and politics of the Russian Government for developing the energy sector.The redefined borders and the geographical shifts of energy production have brought about the orientation of Russia's energy development and interests towards the north. The former empire's parts bordering on Russia in the west, Belarus and first of all Ukraine, have become problematic due to transit payment conflicts. Consequently, Russian companies develop ports in North-West Russia as well as plan the construction of new oil and gas pipelines through the Baltic Sea Region. On the other hand, the northern location of the infrastructure plans is a geographical necessity, in the way that new oil and gas deposits lie in northern high-latitude zones. Energy stakeholders' market-oriented interests greatly influence the country's economic orientation to the advanced economies and the global economy. Thus, Russia's new energy geopolitics means economic integration and networking with partners (companies, nations and economic areas) that are able to co-operate successfully in the economic sector. In all, the energy projects and plans in Russia are derived from these restructured, pragmatic and market-led economic interests, which have led to the growing significance of gateways in North-West Russia.
Francis of Assisi : early documents. Vol. 1, The Saint
Radiation : doses, effects, risks
Text, notes and chromograms
Mire and spring vegetation in an area north of Lake Torneträsk, Torne Lappmark, Sweden. 1, Description of the vegetation
Health and wellness tourism : spas and hot springs
The Anglo-Saxon charms : texts in context
History of the Lombards
Foreign relations of the United States, 1969-1976. Vol. 25, Arab-Israeli Crisis and War, 1973
J, E, and the redaction of the Pentateuch
Technical excellence in agile software projects
A retrospective methodology for using Landnámabók as a source for the religious history of Iceland? : some questions
The power sector and industrial development in Nigeria : case company, Power Holding Company of Nigeria
"A principal source for the second period of Iconoclasm and the Amorian dynasty, the historical compilation known as Theophanes Continuatus was among the first works of the classicising revival in Byzantium after the Dark Age (7-8th centuries). A critical edition of the Greek text of Books I-IV, replacing that of 1838 by I. Bekker, is accompanied here by the first complete English translation"--
The chronicle of Ireland
Dutch sources on South Asia, c. 1600-1825. Vol. 6, Between Colombo and the Cape : letters in Tamil, Dutch and Sinhala, sent to Nicolaas Ondaatje from Ceylon, exile at the Cape of Good Hope (1728-1737)
Dudo of St Quentin's Historia Normannorum : tradition, innovation and memory
Sources of Chinese tradition. Vol. 2
Comment : reflections on oral and literary relations in the fairy tale
Comparison of wood based energy related policies in Russia and Finland : case study of the Republic of Karelia and North Karelia
Solar and Heat Pump Systems for Residential Buildings
This volume is a translation of fragments and testimonia of Porphyry's lost work Against the Christians. The first part of the work examines author, title, date of composition, and sources. The second part discusses the structure of Against the Christians. The third part focuses on the religious, philosophical, and cultural background of this text. The fourth section constitutes the translation of the fragments and testimonia of Against the Christians. This work is especially important for historians of religion, philosophy, and Biblical Studies for it is an excellent example of a pagan tradition of scriptural interpretation and criticism of Christianity.
The Samuel Gompers papers. Vol. 8, Progress and reaction in the age of reform, 1909-13
Gregory of Nyssa's Contra Eunomium, one of the major books on trinitarian theology of the 4th century, documents the exchange between Eunomius and the Cappadocian Father in the last episode of the so-called "Arian Crisis". The present volume is devoted to the third and last book of Contra Eunomium. It offers a fresh English translation with a running commentary in the form of ten studies by first-rank specialists. Seventeen shorter papers enlighten various aspects of Contra Eunomium and other writings of the same author. The contributions will be of interest for scholars of historical and systematical theology, philosophy, spirituality, rhetoric and the history of the Early Church.
The Gnostic scriptures : a new translation
United States history : a multicultural, interdisciplinary guide to information sources
The Library of Congress Civil War desk reference
Energy and environmental studies since 1996.
Chartularium Lithuaniae res gestas magni ducis Gedeminne illustrans = : Gedimino laiškai
Colonial lives : documents on Latin American history, 1550-1850
Francis of Assisi : early documents. Vol. 2, The founder
Documents from the Khanate of Khiva (17th-19th centuries)
User-friendliness of Enermet Oy's technical documentation
Large numbers of atheists, humanists, and conspiracy theorists are raising one of the most pressing questions in the history of religion: "Did Jesus exist at all?" Was he invented out of whole cloth for nefarious purposes by those seeking to control the masses? Or was Jesus such a shadowy figure -- far removed from any credible historical evidence -- that he bears no meaningful resemblance to the person described in the Bible? In Did Jesus Exist? historian and Bible expert Bart Ehrman confronts these questions, vigorously defends the historicity of Jesus, and provides a compelling portrait of the man from Nazareth. The Jesus you discover here may not be the Jesus you had hoped to meet -- But he did exist, whether we like it or not. -- Publisher
Reference guide to Africa : a bibliography of sources
The Buddhist experience : sources and interpretations
Life on the Edge : Structural Studies of the Extremophilic Viruses P23-77 and STIV2
Feasibility study on renewable energy systems and selected insulation applications : smart solutions for energy saving
Correlation between Sun Light Intensity and Wind Speeds of a Coastal Location.
Emerging from darkness : studies in the recovery of Manichaean sources
Les deux vies de Robert d'Arbrissel, fondateur de Fontevraud : légendes, écrits et témoignages : édition des sources avec introductions et traduction françaises, with English summaries of introductions and complete translations of the sources = The two lives of Robert of Arbrissel, founder of Fontevraud : legends, writings, and testimonies
Volcanoes in Iceland : 10.000 years of cvolcanic history
On the socio-technical dependencies in free/libre/open source software projects
This Sourcebook contains a comprehensive collection of sources on the topic of the social history of the Roman world during the late Republic and the first two centuries AD. Designed to form the basis for courses in Roman social history, this excellent resource covers original translations from sources such as inscriptions, papyri, and legal texts.
Translation : an advanced resource book
Raimundi Lulli Opera Latina : supplementi Lulliani. Tomus 2, Raimondus Lullus : an introduction to his life, works and thought
The liber augustalis : promulgated by the emperor Fredrik II for the kingdom of Sicily in 1231 = Constitutions of Melfi
A reader of ancient Near Eastern texts : sources for the study of the Old Testament
A sourcebook of Indian civilization
Analysis of network rumor dissemination and control mechanisms on Chinese social network : Sina Weibo
New documents illustrating early Christianity. Vol. 5, Linguistic essays
Energy in Finland : pocketbook
The annals of Flodoard of Reims, 919-966
Signs of orality : the oral tradition and its influence in the Greek and Roman world
Sustainability issues in the road map for Finnish companies to the Indian algal biofuel market
Abstract: Deploying an open source router. At the center of every network there is a router and a router is used to connect one network to another network. So a router has the responsibility of routing packets across different networks. The networks where this traffic is routed can either be located within the same proximity as that of the router or it can be miles away, for instance in another country. The aim of this project was to deploy an open source router and then customize it to carry out the exact role of commercial routers, which is to route traffic between networks. Various IP routing protocols such as RIP and OSPF were tested and in order to carry out this, a small local area network comprising of two routers and two PCs were designed. In order to experiment with this project various software and devices were needed. Some of the software needed to be downloaded and installed onto four PCs, two PCs of which were installed with an open source routing router (Quagga) and the operating system running on the PCs was the  Ubuntu Server 11.10 Server edition. The issue of compatibility between the operating system and  open-source routing router was the key point as to why Quagga and Ubuntu 11.10 server edition were chosen. The same deployment can be fully implemented by small startup companies when designing their networks. The outcome of the project showed that an open-source routing routers can be installed, configured and customized to carry out the intended purpose in a network, that is to route traffic between networks. In addition to that IP routing protocols (OSPF, RIP) worked well as expected though few problems for instance, RIPv1 worked well as compared to RIPv2 which had some shortcoming in terms of security. However the general goal of routing packets via open-source routing router (Quagga) was achieved and such project can be implemented in small companies.
Fontes historiae Nubiorum : textual sources for the history of the Middle Nile Region between the eighth century BC and the sixth century AD. Vol. 1, From the eighth to the mid-fifth century BC
Reinterpreting Russian history : readings, 860-1860's
New light is shed on the motives and objectives for the compiling of the still-mysterious Domesday Book, revolutionising our understanding of the period.
The Civil war : a history in documents
Records of the Colonial Office, Dominions Office, Commonwealth Relations Office and Commonwealth Office
Customer benefits of demand-side management in the Nordic electricity market
Textual sources for the study of Hinduism
The crusades and their sources : essays presented to Bernard Hamilton
The archive project : archival research in the social sciences
Finding information in science, technology and medicine
Women and the visual arts in Italy c. 1400-1650 : luxury and leisure, duty and devotion : a sourcebook
Linux bible 2010 edition : boot up to Ubuntu®, Fedora®, KNOPPIX, Debian®, openSUSE®, and 13 other distributions
The Samuel Gompers papers. Vol. 7, The American Federation of Labor under siege, 1906-9
The deeds of the bishops of England = : Gesta pontificum Anglorum
The Middle Ages in texts and texture : reflections on medieval sources
A collector's guide to books on Japan in English : a select list of over 2500 titles
The movements of the New Left, 1950-1975 : a brief history with documents
Intents Registry Eclipse Plugin
Deploying an open source router : Quagga
Memory of water
The ecumenical movement : an anthology of key texts and voices
Upward and outward : fairy tales and popular, print, and proletarian culture,  1550 -1850
Construction of Sound Models using Freely Available Data
Erasmus and Luther : the battle over free will
Development of Natural Gas Hydrate
Business Prospects of Renewable Energy Adoption In West Africa (A Case Study of Nigeria)
This paper describes and discusses nine different categories of 'indicators' that can be taken into consideration when assessing the historicity of accounts in Landnámabók. This presentation is specifically targeted at references to religion and religious practices in Iceland prior to the Christianization of the country. The methodological tools can be adapted to analyse other types of information, other texts, and other traditions.
Renewable Energy Market in Namibia
Dutch sources on South Asia, c. 1600-1825. Vol. 1, Bibliography and archival guide to the National Archives at the Haque (The Netherlands)
Literary texts and the Roman historian
In A Reader of Ancient Near Eastern Texts: Sources for the Study of the Old Testament, leading biblical scholar Michael D. Coogan presents a collection of texts that introduce students to the larger world surrounding the Old Testament. Dating from the third millennium BCE to the turn of the era, the readings have been carefully selected from the most accurate sources and arranged by genre and place of origin. They provide historical correlations to people and events mentioned in the Bible; parallels to biblical genres, motifs, institutions, and concepts; and windows into the lives of ordinary people. The texts are enhanced by chapter and reading introductions, extensive biblical references, and illustrations.
Dictionary of Manichaean texts. Vol. 3, Texts from Central Asia and China. Part 2, Dictionary of Manichaean Sogdian and Bactrian
Spain under the Bourbons, 1700-1833 : A collection of documents
Universal salvation in late antiquity : Porphyry of Tyre and the pagan-Christian debate
Catholic social thought renovating the tradition : a keyguide to resources
Cultures in conflict : the French Revolution
"Wedded priests... the ritual of circumcision... women as religious leaders. These topics elicit strong feelings and opinions within the modern Christian world. Ironically, early followers of the faith struggled with these very same issues. Examining and understanding the perspectives of early Christianity can provide new insights into the challenges that believers continue to face today. Early Christianity drew its doctrine from a variety of sources--personal interpretation, Hebrew scriptures, and church council--yet the core ideology endured, even as the religion transitioned from being the object of persecution to becoming a legal institution in the Roman Empire. This book celebrates the voices that helped create and develop Christianity during that period. Voices of Early Christianity: Documents from the Origins of Christianity is a collection of excerpts from significant documents from early Christian history, organized topically, then listed chronologically within each section. The author compares textual variations among the works of the apostles, as well as key themes over time, and frames the discussion for further critical thinking. Topics include sexuality, marriage, and divorce; food issues; women in early Christianity; and politics and Christianity."--Publishers description.
Private associations organized around a common cult, profession, ethnic identity, neighbourhood or family were common throughout the Greco-Roman antiquity. This volume collects a representative selection of inscriptions from associations in Asia Minor and the north coast of the Black Sea, published with English translations, brief explanatory notes, commentaries and full indices.
Domesticating empire : enlightenment in Spanish America
Über die chinesische Version von Aśvaghosas Buddhacarita : fo-so-hing-tsan
Review of insufficient power supply and effort to promote renewable energy technologies in Ghana
The Templars : selected sources
Psalm book : the Manichaean Coptic papyri in the Chester Beatty Library. Pt. 2, Fasc. 1, Die Bema-Psalmen
This is the first complete edition of the Chronicon Anonymi Cantuariensis, a contemporary narrative that provides valuable insights into medieval war and diplomacy, written at Canterbury shortly after the mid-fourteenth century. The previous edition, published in 1914, was based on a manuscript from which the text for the years 1357 to 1364 was missing. Presented here in full with a modern English translation, the chronicle provides a key narrative of military and political events covering the years from 1346 to 1365. Concentrating principally on the campaigns of the Hundred Years War and their impact upon the inhabitants of south-east England, the author took advantage of his position on the main news route between London and Paris to provide a detailed account of a crucial phase in British and European history.
Summulae De Locis Dialecticis
Communist China 1955-1959 : policy documents with analysis
The chronicle of John of Worcester. Vol. 2, The annals from 450 to 1066
A REVIEW ON SOLAR ENERGY UTILIZATION IN GHANA
Development of High Voltage Power Supply for a Photomultiplier
Mathematical tools in a digital world
Empathy is a deep feeling or intuition for kinship transcending self-preoccupied individuality. This book is about empathy in the Middle Ages, before it had a name.The authors begin by tracing the origins of empathy in pre-Christian Antiquity and early Christianity, especially in mysteries of divine justice, by which the good often suffered and the wicked prospered and, as with surgical healing, compassion was manifested by inflicting pain. The authors also explore many facets of empathy's development in the Latin West, criss-crossing the artificial borders of academic departments to reveal interlocking connections that give emotional power to images, whether verbal, pictorial, or performative. In a powerful multi-disciplinary collaboration, they identify conditions and limits of empathy, and areas in which the dynamic between insiders and outsiders forced subversive explorations of what it meant to be human. The doctrine of Christ as mediator of divine love dominated medieval thought about empathy as a human instinct. Taken together, like magnetic poles, two pictures in this book represent that mediation in action. The cover illustration, a mid-ninth-century ivory plaque from Carolingian Gaul, depicts Christ, the Divine Word, Love incarnate, glorified, enthroned, and adored by angels as creator, judge, and teacher. The second, Plate 1, from the same period and region, represents the act that sealed the mediation of divine love to humanity: Christ the man, tortured and dying for love.
Documentary research. 3
Biofuels, solar and wind as renewable energy systems : benefits and risks
Project Finance Model in Renewable Energy Projects
Greco-Roman associations : texts, translations, and commentary. I., Attica, Central Greek, Macedonia, Thrace
A primer of Italian fascism
Greco-Roman associations : texts, translations, and commentary. 2, North coast of the Black Sea, Asia Minor
Crop protection in medieval agriculture : studies in pre-modern organic agriculture
Francis of Assisi : early documents. Vol. [4], Index
Open source software as a service : provision of open sourcesoftware components to web application developers
Old Babylonian letters from Tell Asmar
Documentary research. 2
The Yugoslav Auschwitz and the Vatican : the Croatian massacre of the Serbs during World War II
New documents illustrating early Christianity. [Vol. 1], A review of the Greek inscriptions and papyri published in 1976
The hot springs of Iceland : their animal communities and their zoogeographical significance
Qt quality visualization
Documentary research. 1
Building and study of a small scale micro-grid : The use of PV panels as an alternate energy source
Byrhtferth of Ramsey was one of the most learned scholars of late Anglo-Saxon England, and his two saints' Lives-of Oswald, a powerful bishop of Worcester and York in the tenth century, and Ecgwine, the seventh-century founder of Evesham-are among the most important historical sources for our understanding of late Anglo-Saxon England.
This paper evaluates the limited evidence of a particular Old Norse poetic form called stikki, identified, or potentially identified, in only five sources. These sources are critically reviewed in order to  assess what, if any, generalisations can be made about stikki poetry.
The potential socio-economic and environmental impacts of solar PV mini-grid deployment on local communities: a case study of rural island communities on the Volta Lake, Ghana
Medieval Italy : texts in translation
History goes to the movies : studying history on film
Manichaean homilies : with an number of hitherto unpublished fragments
Gregory of Nyssa : Contra Eunomium III : an English translation with commentary and supporting studies : proceedings of the 12th International Colloquium on Gregory of Nyssa (Leuven, 14-17 September 2010)
The writings of the Roman land surveyors
Wind Power: the Material Requirements
The Roman water pump : unique evidence for Roman mastery of mechanical engineering
Medieval narrative sources : a gateway into the medieval mind
Documents of the Christian church
Voices of early Christianity : documents from the origins of Christianity
Dutch sources on South Asia, c. 1600-1825. Vol. 5, Philip Angel's Deex-Autaers : Vaişņava mythology from manuscript to book market in the context of the Dutch East India Company, c. 1600-1672
Gesta principum Polonorum = The deeds of the princes of the Poles
Christian apologetics : an anthology of primary sources
Letters from Ancient Egypt
Documents from Old Testament times
New documents illustrating early Christianity. Vol. 2, A review of the Greek inscriptions and papyri published in 1977
The search for modern China : a documentary collection
Roman social history : a sourcebook
Thermal performance and microclimate test methods for flat-plate solar thermal collectors
The great documents of western civilization
Technical Excellence in Agile Software Projects
Open source mazeball game for Windows Phone
The early Roman cities of Lusitania
Morus ad Craneveldium : litterae balduinianae novae = More to Cranevelt : new Baudouin letters
Sources concerning the Hospitallers of St John in the Netherlands, 14th-18th centuries
Medieval record sources
Africa and the West : a documentary history from the slave trade to independence
Mani, the Angel and the Column of Glory : an anthology of Manichaean texts
Integrating open source distributed rendering solutions in public and closed networking environments
Conflicting counsels to confuse the age : a documentary study of political economy in Qing China, 1644-1840
Dutch sources on South Asia, c. 1600-1825. Vol. 3, Archival guide to repositories outside the Netherlands
Porphyry against the Christians
Household biodigester in rural energy production : case comparison in Cambodia, Ethiopia and Lao People‟s Democratic Republic
Parliamentary texts of the later Middle Ages
LLVM toolchain support as a plug-in for Eclipse CDT
The Transjordanian palimpsest : the overwritten texts of personal exile and transformation in the Deuteronomistic history
Economic perspectives and social acceptance of possible increase in the small scale hydropower plants in Finland
From memory to history : using oral sources in local historical research
Electromechanical motion devices
The Status and Trends Of New Power Generation technology
Fontes historiae Nubiorum : textual sources for the history of the Middle Nile Region between the eighth century BC and the sixth century AD. Vol. 2, From the mid-fifth to the first century BC
Between the empires : society in India 300 BCE to 400 CE
The new Egyptian "Tale of two brothers" : a mythological, religious, literary and historico-political study of the papyrus d'Orbiney
In 1728, the Ceylonese Chettiyar Nicolaas Ondaatje was sent into exile to the Cape of Good Hope where he died in 1737, only a few months before the end of his term. All those years, Nicolaas Ondaatje kept in contact with his family and friends in Ceylon through letters in Tamil, Dutch and Sinhala. His own letters are lost but those he received have been preserved. These letters give an intimate picture of an early eighteenth-century elite Chettiyar community in Ceylon employed by the Dutch East India Company. In the letters, which are kept in the archive in Cape Town, we have chanced upon a classic case of subaltern history.
The 'Opus majus' of Roger Bacon. Volume 1
Report on the Old Records of the India Office, with supplementary note and appendices
E-commerce solution : creating a shopping cart using open sources (APACHE/MYSQL/PHP)
Domesday book : a complete translation
The Gospel of the Savior : an analysis of P. Oxy 840 and its place in the Gospel traditions of early Christianity
The Kephalaia of the teacher : the edited Coptic Manichaean texts in translation with commentary
Potential and competitiveness of biomass as energy source in central Baltic Sea region : results and findings of the pure biomass project 2012–2013
Twelfth-century English archidiaconal and vice-archidiaconal acta
A Rewiew Of Ghana`s Renewable Energy Policy
Sayings of the Buddha : a selection of suttas from the Pali Nikāyas
Documents and materials on the history of the Bulgarian people
The Goths in the fourth century
The British inheritance : a treasury of historic documents
The sensitive interpretation of emotions : methodological perspectives on  studying meanings in written life-historical narratives
Book of Proceedings Bioenergy from Forest 2014.
Documentary research. 4
Open Source Automation for Hydroponics : Design, Construction, Programming and Testing
Somanatha : the many voices of a history
The adoption of photovoltaic micro production systems in Finland
North-West Russia as a gateway in Russian energy geopolitics
Studies on medieval empathies
Shakespeare's Troy : drama, politics, and the translation of empire
Francis of Assisi : early documents. Vol. 3, The prophet
Electrochemical technologies for energy storage and conversion. Vol. 1 & Vol. 2
Chronographiae quae Theophanis Continuati nomine fertur Libri I-IV : recensuerunt anglice verterunt indicibus instruxerunt Michael Featherstone et Juan Signes-Codoñer, nuper repertis schedis Caroli de Boor adiuvantibus
Towards renewable energy in Northern Finland
The lives of St Oswald and St Ecgwine
Prose Brut to 1332
Renewable Energy Systems : Advanced Conversion Technologies and Applications
Developing, Managing and Maintaining Web Applications with Content Management Systems: Drupal and Joomla as case study
Understanding consumer brand knowledge in developing strong brands : case of Quosis Oy
Renewable Energy as a Solution to Nigerian   Energy Crisis
Where did they come from and where did they all go? : a new website for Finnish researchers
Deploying an Open Source Router   :  Quagga
Selection of renewable energy resources for sustainable development with AHP tool for off-grid project:case of Ghana
Elizabeth de Burgh, Lady of Clare (1295-1360) : household and other records
The Kadesh inscriptions of Ramesses II
Marketing strategy for retailing small-scale wind energy turbines in Indian markets
Potential applications of nanotechnology in bioenergy
Did Jesus exist? : the historical argument for Jesus of Nazareth
Chinese civilization : a sourcebook
The alchemy reader : from Hermes Trismegistus to Isaac Newton
Multidisciplinary approach to develop energy efficiency in the Barents region
The early Christian fathers : a selection from the writings of the fathers from St. Clement of Rome to St. Athanasius
Heating Systems in Finland and China
Palestine and Egypt under the Ottomans : paintings, books, photographs, maps and manuscripts
Society at war : the experience of England and France during the Hundred Years War
Music since 1900
Investigation,Implementation and Installation of a Content  Management System : Focus on Drupal
The Persian Empire : [a corpus of sources from the Achaemenid period]
Critical thinking skills for dummies
Neo-Assyrian texts from Nebuchadnezzar's Babylon : a preliminary report
The hermeneutics reader : texts of the German tradition from the Enlightenment to the present
Evaluation of Franchising Business Model to Solar Energy Market in Vietnam
The great geysir
Streamlining workflow in architectural  visualization with Blender and SketchUp
Soviet sources of military doctrine and strategy
Egyptian letters to the dead : mainly from the Old and Middle Kingdom
English historical documents. Vol. 5b, 1603-1660
The search for the Etruscans
Decoding Domesday
Hugo Grotius "Commentarius in Theses XI" : an early treatise on sovereignty, the just war, and the legitimacy of the Dutch revolt
Investigation, Installation and Implementation of an Open Source Content Management System : Joomla as a case study
Evaluation of renewable energy development in power generation : system dynamics approach for the Nordic Countries
Net-zero energy technical shelter
Structure and scope. "This volume is part of a subseries of volumes of the Foreign Relations series that document the most important issues in the foreign policy of the administrations of Richard M. Nixon and Gerald R. Ford. ... This volume documents U.S. policymaking toward the Arab-Israeli dispute between January and December 1973, i.e., the months before, during, and immediately after the Arab-Israeli War of October 1973."--pp. iii-iv.
The Anglo-Saxon chancery : the history, language and production of Anglo-Saxon charters from Alfred to Edgar
"Recovers the themes, intent, and legacy of 18th century Spanish American literature that often are lost in the broader scholarship of Latin American literature. Affirms importance of early period colonial Spanish American literature in world literature"--
Degradation of photovoltaics in Central Finland : a comparative study of polycrystalline and heterojunction with intrinsic thin layer technologies
Methodology for dynamic stability and robustness analysis of commercial-power-module-based dc-distributed systems
Open source as a pedagogical tool in higher education
Family memoirs from Venice (15th-17th centuries)
The fauna in two cold springs and in an epirhithral pool in southern Finland
The African past speaks : essays on oral tradition and history
Open source integration to mobile network
Late-Egyptian stories
