http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1495 post-impressionism
post-impressionism
HISTORY OF ART : A SURVEY OF THE MAJOR VISUAL
Life and works of Gauguin
Gauguin : a retrospective
Monet, Renoir, van Gogh, Gauguin : Impressionists and Post-Impressionists from the Israel Museum, Jerusalem : ARKEN Museum of Modern Art, [Ishøj], 31 January - 7 June 2009 / [editors:  Christian Gether, Andrea Rygg Karberg
The book of art : 7.
Impressionist and post-impressionist masterpieces from the National Gllery of Art : [the National Art Center, Tokyo, June 8 - September 5, 2011 : Kyoto Municipal Museum of Art, Kyoto, September 13 - November 27, 2011]
Impressionist and Post-Impressionist Paintings in Sowiet Museums
Painting in the Musée d'Orsay
Impressionist and post-impressionist painting in the Metropolitan museum of Art / Charles S. Moffet
Henri de Toulouse-Lautrec : 1864 - 1901 : The Theatre of Life
Art made modern : Roger Fry's vision of art
Modern art
Impressionism and post-impressionism in the Art Institute of Chicago / selected by James N. Wood
Impressionism and post-impressionism : the Hermitage, Leningrad, the Pushkin Museum of Fine Arts, Moscow and the National Gallery of Art, Washington
The little book of Gauguin
Pierre Bonnard : in search of pure colour
Gauguin : a retrospective / Marla Prather, Charles Stuckey (editors)
Paul Cézanne : life and work
Gauguin : maker of myth
Van Gogh : a retrospective
The Paintings of Cézanne
On or about December 1910 : early Bloomsbury and its intimate world / Peter Stansky
Great French paintings from the Barnes Foundation : Impressionist, post-impressionists and early modern
Impressionist and post-impressionist paintings from the U.S.S.R. : lent by The Hermitage Museum, Leningrad, The Pushkin Museum, Moscow / National Gallery of Art, Washington, D.C. (...)
Finnish nationalism and the avant-garde / Timo Huusko
Post-impressionism : cross-currents in European and American painting 1880-1906 : National Gallery of Art, Washington, May 25-September 1, 1980
History of modern painting. From Baudelaire to Bonnard : the birth of a new vision : the Honfleur School, Impressionism, Neo-impressionism, Symbolism, Post-impressionism
The Simon and Marie Jaglom Collection : [Simon and Marie Jaglom Pavillon for Impressionist and Post-Impressionist Art, 1995] / edited by Nehama Guralnik ; documentation and contributions by Olga Cohen, Ruth Feldmann and Dorit Yifat
The impressionists and post-impressionists : 105 reproductions
THE BOOK OF ART  7 : IMPRESSIONISTS AND POST..
Emile Bernard : 1868-1941 : a pioneer of modern art = Ein Wegbereiter der Moderne
The little book of Vuillard
Monet's years at Giverny : beyond impressionism
The art of Paul Gauguin
The Fauves : the reign of colour : Matisse, Derain, Vlaminck, Marquet, Camoin, Manguin, Van Dongen, Friesz, Braque, Dufy
Post-impressionism : cross-currents in European painting
Van Gogh : Auvers-sur-Oise
Impressionists and Post-Impressionists. 7
The book of art : a pictorial encyclopedia of painting, drawing and sculpture. 7. Impressionists and post-impressionists
The art of the post-impressionists
Post-impressionism : from van Gogh to Gauguin / by John Rewald
French art treasures at the Hermitage : splendid masterpieces, new discoveries / Albert Kostenevich
Cubists and Post-Impressionism / by Arthur Jerome Eddy
Impressionist and post-impressionist paintings in Soviet museums / intr. article by Marina Bessonova ; notes by Anna Barskaya ... [et al.]
The Post-Impressionists
Cézanne : visions of a great painter
The book of art : a pictorial encyclopedia of painting, drawing and sculpture. 7, Impressionists and post-impressionists
Katie and the sunflowers
The treasures of Vincent van Gogh
The book of art : a pictorial encyclopedia of painting, drawing, and sculpture. 7, Impressionists and post-impressionists
MASTERPIECES OF IMPRESSIONISM & POST-IMPRESSIONISM : THE ANNENBERG COLLECTION
Gauguin and the impressionists at Pont-Aven
History of modern art : painting, sculpture, architecture, photography
Toulouse-Lautrec : the life and work of the artist illustrated with 80 colour plates
Vincent van Gogh : the complete paintings. Volume 1, Etten, April 1881-Paris, February 1888
The post-impressionists
Impressionist and post-impressionist masterpieces at the Musée d'Orsay / foreword by Michel Laclotte ; introduction by Edward Lucie-Smith
The book of art. 7, Impressionists and post-impressionists
Cezanne : the life and work of the artist illustrated with 80 colour plates
