http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14918 paperboard
paperboard pasteboard
Improvement of surface strength of paper
Choosing and using paper for great graphic design
Handbook of paper and board
Optimization of the refining and shoe press in board production
Forest products annual market review 2007-2008
Heinolan Flutingtehdas 50 vuotta = Heinola Fluting Mill's 50th anniversary
European market for lining papers
Press forming of paperboard : advancement of converting tools and process control
Effect of mixing conditions on the enzymatic hydrolysis of cardboard waste
Outside the box : cardboard design now
The market potential of paper-based food trays with biodegradable coating in the United Kingdom
Weave, coil & plait crafty containers from recycled materials
Handmade decorative books
Bacteria colonizing paper machines
Cardboard book
Testing methods and instruments for corrugated board
The Power of Paper : in Graphic Design
Papermaking science and technology. Book 4, Papermaking chemistry
Paper crafting beautiful : boxes, book covers & frames
RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT OF MAINTENANCE FUNCTIONS : The finishing line in the board factory
Production and converting of corrugated board
Playing with paper : illuminating, engineering, and reimagining paper art
The opportunities of replacing a part of folding boxboard packages with micro flute packages in Finland
Customer analysis on Chinese cosmetics packaging market
The influence of coating color characteristics on board coating with a soft-tip blade
Enhancement of water removal in the press section
Paper and paperboard packaging technology
Fantastic folders and exceptional envelopes : a designer's guide to custom carriers that open conversations and seal deals
Effect of environmental issues on German carton industry
Forest certified liquid and food packages : future threats, possibilities and trends
The mechanisms of edge wicking in retortable paperboard
The paper playhouse : awesome art projects for kids using paper, boxes, and books
Print quality is a subjective term. It can be described in different ways and there are multiple factors affecting print quality and also various methods to predict it. In this work the printability of folding box board was studied with the Prüfbau multipurpose printability tester and the results were compared with the results of the sheet fed printing machine at Imatra test print. The main aim was to get an idea if there is some correlation between these two results and if Prüfbau could be used in the future for print quality control instead of the full scale printing machine. The examined substrate was Tambrite folding box board. Tambrite was tested regularly at Imatra test print service for two years time. There were three different basic weights to study and 25 samples from a total of 150 samples were chosen to the tests. These included samples with good, average and poor printing properties according to the print quality results of Imatra test print. In the literature part of this work is discussed about offset printing, print quality and factors affecting it and tested Tambrite board. In the experimental part the methods used and the results of tests and correlation with the Imatra test print is explained. The studied printability tests were back-trap mottling, printed gloss, set-off, rub-off and wet pick. These tests were based on the existing methods and the methods were adjusted to the studied substrate Tambrite folding box board. The comparison of the results was done so that the Prüfbau results were put in order of superiority and then compared with the order of Imatra's results. The correlation between the results of Prüfbau and Imatra was found using a scatter diagram and a coefficient of correlation. It was found that the printed gloss results of Prüfbau had a strong correlation with Imatra's results. In both mottling and set-off results Prüfbau had a clear correlation with Imatra's results. The only Prüfbau method which did not exhibit sufficient correlation with Imatra test print results was rub-off. The interpretation of the correlation's significance was made after a number of observations. Some faults in the Imatra results were found which distorted the correlation with Prufbau. Wet pick tests indicated a good wet surface strength and quite good ink transfer to a wet surface. According to the results, Prüfbau could be used in the print quality control of Tambrite board in all the tests with the exception of rub-off tests. However rub-off tests could be studied further by using the same printing ink used at Imatra, when the drying properties of the ink would be the same. Also mottling could be studied further after adjusting the total thickness of the carrier track and the sample constant. This would eliminate the possibility of different print pressure on different samples.
Material Design and Technology of Cartonboard Packaging
New stock fractionation concept in recycled fiber based multi-ply board making
Paper, scissors, glue : 45 fun and creative papercraft projects for kids
The art of cardboard : big ideas for creativity, collaboration, storytelling, and reuse
New lease of life for used cartons
International standard. 4046, Paper, board, pulp and related terms : vocabulary = Papier, carton, pâtes et termes connexes : vocabulaire
Teaming up for a common goal : The Finnish Woodpulp Union 1893-1942 : The Finnish Board Mills Association - Finnboard 1943-1996
Factors affecting bending stiffness of paperboards : literature review
Laser cutting of paper and board (ILACPaper)
Chemical and structural factors of polyethylene causing incomplete adhesion to the paperboard
Structural design on paper board cartons
Unfolded : paper in design, art, architecture and industry
Short time water absorption into multilayer curtain coated linerboard
Some mechanisms that influence paper curl
More crafty activities : over 50 fun and easy things to make
Machine optimization for board and packaging paper machines
Forest products : the direction of trade 1985-1989. Vol 2, Woodpulp, paper and paperboard
Condebelt press drying and sustainable paper cycle
Fruitful knowledge : printing paperboard in sheetfed offset
A novel profit potential calculation method applied to web manufacturing
Folding patterns for display & publicity
Cartons and cartoning
The effect of board coating and precalendering on coating coverage and surface structure
Forest products annual market review 2006-2007
Papermaking science and technology. 16, Paper physics
Microbiological, sensory and toxicological aspects of paperboards
Most incredible cardboard toys in the whole wide world
Dry toner-based electrophotographic printing on extrusion coated paperboard
Paper crafting : 20 projects to fold, cut, mold, weave & pierce
Which paper ? : a review of fine papers for artists, craftspeople and designers
M-real magazine : the quarterly publication from M-real
The packaging designer's book of patterns
The Prüfbau laboratory printing machine's ability to predict the printability of folding box board
Papermaking science and technology. Book 16, Paper physics
Handbook on procurement of paper and board : a practical guide for buyers
Contaminant aerobic sporeforming bacteria in the manufacturing processes of food packaging board and food
Research and development of maintenance functions : the finishing line  in the board factory
A study of odour and taste originating from food packaging board analysed by chromatographic techniques and sensory evaluation
The modular forming press for paperboard packages
Pressure filtration characteristics of enzymatically hydrolyzed biomass suspensions
Fun with paper bags & cardboard tubes
Detmaster - data communications and getting the maximum benefit of its information
Coat weight and drying power control
The most incredible cardboard toys in the whole wide world
Forestry statistics today for tomorrow 1961-1991 ... 2010 : trees for life = Forets statistiques aujourd'hui pour demain 1961-1991 ... 2010 : l'arbre, source de vie = Montes estadisticas ahora para mañana 1961-1991 ... 2010 : el arbol, fuente de vida
Biodegradable nonwoven fabrics from recycled cardboard (English Summary)
Inkjet printing onto a sealed and seamed paperboard container
Edgewise liquid penetration in paper-influence of surface chemistry and paper structure
The packaging designerś book of patterns
Cut and fold techniques for promotional materials
Finnish board mills association 1943-1967
Papermaking science and technology. Book 6, Chemical pulping
Forestry statistics today for tomorrow 1961-1989 ... 2010 : wood and wood products = Forets statistiques aujourd'hui pour demain 1961-1989 ... 2010 : bois et produits du bois = Montes estadisticas ahora para mañana 1961-1989 ... 2010 : madera y productos de madera
"Breathe new life into that old cardboard box! Though paper and cardboard seem common and humble materials, discover the totally unexpected, beautiful and intricate art that can be created using the repurposed and upcycled resource.The Art of Cardboard showcases the grand and imaginatinve scale of cardboard art and design. Inside, you'll find jaw-dropping cardboard creations from around the world! You'll dicover the process of each art form, as well as tricks of the trade, from small clever projects to huge art installations.Much more than a book about "neat" cardboard designs, Lori Zimmer guides you through amazing large-scale art production, immersive environments, working from intuition, collaboration, the artist's role in society, alternative creative economies, contemporary mythology, storytelling and more.With such a readily available material, what will you create?"--
The power of paper in graphic design
Effect of pulp properties on initial wet strength of paper
Leak-proof heat sealing of press-formed paperboard trays
The North American forest sector outlook study 2006-2030
Biodegradable barrier coating on paperboard : effects on biodegradation, recycling and incineration
Papermaking science and technology. Book 9, Papermaking : part 2, Drying
Papermaking science and technology. 12, Paper and paperboard converting
Oil and grease barrier properties of converted dispersion-coated paperboards
Recent technological advances in papermaking
Effects of converting on barrier properties of multi-component coatings
Cartons, crates and corrugated board : handbook of paper and wood packaging technology
Paper machine white water treatment in channel flow : integration of passive deaeration and selective flotation
Whiteness and fluorescence in layered paper and board : perception and optical modelling
Sequential water absorption into linerboard
Papermaking science and technology. Book 12, Paper and paperboard converting
More packaging prototypes
New Zealand forestry statistics 1991.
Paperwork : the potential of paper in graphic design
Enhancement of delamination strength of folding box board
