http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14917 paper products
paper products
Graphis paper promotions : an international collection of paper promotions : eine internationale sammlung von papierpromotionen : un panorama international des promotions de papier. 1
Analysis of brand positioning strategy process : Case: lambi - brand in Poland
Mechanical, operational, chemical approach to improve sheet uniformity of woodfree papers
Key to the Finnish forest industry
Mechanics of paper products
Graphis letterhead : an international collection of letterhead design. 3
Giftwraps by artists
Port of Kotka : a logistics array of two countries
Paper and paperboard packaging technology
Inspection of paper products in transportation chain and reconditioning procedure for damaged product
Papermaking science and technology. Book 7, Recycled fiber and deinking
Papermaking science and technology. Book 13, Printing
Graphis Letterhead 2.
Paper & meaning : paper - ancient material and new meaning
The publisher has faith in the appeal of printed matter
Snow globes : the collector's guide to selecting, displaying, and restoring snow globes
Papermaking science and technology. Book 11, Pigment coating and surface sizing of paper
Computational and experimental investigation of the grooved roll in paper machine environment
Papermaking science and technology. 16, Paper physics
Cargill focuses on customer solutions
This graduate level textbook focuses on the mechanical properties and performance of products made of fiber-based materials such as paper and board. The book aims to help students develop effective skills for solving problems of product performance and engineering challenges in new product development. Therefore the material is organized with a problem-based approach - a practical example of product performance is presented and then the relevant mechanics are analyzed to deduce which material properties control the performance.
"Intelligent and resource-efficient production technologies" (EffTech) programme : programme report 2008-2010
A study on the drying process of pigment coated paper webs
Paper graphics
Papermaking science and technology. Book 15, Materials, corrosion prevention, and maintenance
Four interorganizational theoretical approaches used to describe the A4 Copier paper market in Finland
101 things to do with an envelope : [fun, functional and frivolous things to make out of envelopes]
Product differentiation: does it provide competitive advantage for a printing paper company?
Pulp and paper chemistry and technology. vol. 4, Paper products physics and technology
Papermaking science and technology. Book 19, Environmental control
Living with the forest
Unfolded : paper in design, art, architecture and industry
Forest products : the direction of trade 1985-1989. Vol 2, Woodpulp, paper and paperboard
Paenibacillus and Bacillus related to paper and spruce tree
Logo & Letterhead
HD paper as barrier material
Quality space of the magazine : a methodological approach to customer requirements as a driver of product development
The Daily Telegraph guide to investing : the straightforward guide that professional investors don't want you to have
Letterhead and logo design 5.
The book of fine paper
Active paper for passive markets (English summary)
Future looks bright for the Port of Hanko : success founded on paper and cars
More paperwork : exploring the potential of paper in design and architecture
Papermaking science and technology. Book 6, Chemical pulping
Papermaking science and technology. Book 8, Papermaking : part 1: Stock preparation and wet end
Development of LC-MS and extraction methods for the analyses of AKD, ASA and rosin sizes in paper products
Papermaking science and technology. 12, Paper and paperboard converting
Collection of global industrial design : Book II
Advanced composite roll covers for calendering applications
The influence of paper and printing conditions upon the unevennes of prints
The global forest sector : changes, practices, and prospects
Advances in hemp research
Biogas production from meat and pulp and paper industry by-products
Dry methods for surface cleaning of paper
The art collector's illustrated handbook : vol. 2
Introduction to paper
The myth of the paperless office
Papermaking science and technology. Book 4, Papermaking chemistry
Product reorientation in the Finnish paper industry : process and performance
Optical characterization of paper with DOE sensor
Which paper ? : a review of fine papers for artists, craftspeople and designers
The changing relationships and strategic identities of actors in an industrial distribution channel : a study of distribution channels for A4 paper in Finland
Forest products annual market review 2005-2006
Papermaking : the craft of creative paperwork in 25 innovative projects
Papermaking science and technology. Book 14, Process control
International marketing strategy for a Finnish paper company entering the French market
Paperwork : the potential of paper in graphic design
This thesis is the result of co-operation between Fastpap Oy, Räpina Paberivabrik AS and Tampere University of Applied Sciences. Work originated from Fastpap Oy and the target of this thesis work was to gain knowledge from the mill and the product in order to take the efficiency of the machine even further. Fastpap had delivered a comprehensive rebuild on the wet end of the machine. The results were good but the targeted production rate was not achieved. The old dryer section could not cope with the new capacity of the wet end. This thesis aims to collect all the information that helps to improve the efficiency of the dryer section. Couple of studies were already made to assess the current state of the machine. This work is a summary of those studies already made incorporating further machine concept and properties of the paperboard affecting to the drying efficiency.  The theoretical part of this thesis includes the operation principles of the conventional wire section. This was made to explain the origins of the two sidedness of the product. The drying section concept point of view was also included since the possible bottlenecks of the process would locate on this particular section. The experimental section of this thesis covered the analysis of the product. This analysis gave a vital information of the product to understand the drying process. Besides testing the basic properties of the paperboard, the air permeance and absorbency of the product were examined. Experimental drying simulation were also carried out. The results of the earlier studies from the machine concept point of view were included to gain comprehensive view from the process of this particular machine.  The results of the product analysis did not reveal any severe signs of the two sidedness of the paperweb affecting the drying process. Excluding the surface roughness of the paperboard, the results were quite uniform on the top and the wire side of the product. Some possible improvements on the machine concept point of view were discovered. Most of these discovered points of improvements were already covered in a way or another in the earlier studies. In addition, the assumed originating factors of these detected points were considered. This thesis gives a comprehensive idea of the operating process and the paperboard produced on site. These extensive results can be used as a tool for estimating the possible investments in the mill.
Finnish paper products in transport and related export competitiveness : empirical study in the impact of product characteristics on logistics, transport costs and distribution
Papermaking science and technology. Book 16, Paper physics
The story of Raflatac : from internal entrepreneurship to global self-adhesive labelstock business
Effect of drying temperature on the coalescense of polymer particles and on the properties of dispersion coated paperboard
Organosolv pulping : a review and distillation study related to peroxyacid pulping
International competitive advantage of the Finnish chemical forest industry
Papermaking science and technology. Book 18, Paper and board grades
Adsorption of softwood-derived organic material onto various fillers during papermaking
Papermaking science and technology. 1, Economics of the pulp and paper industry
Fibre - redefining the boundaries
Papermaking science and technology. Book 17, Pulp and paper testing
Perception of the wood-based industries : qualitative study of the image of wood-based industries amongst the public in the Member States of the European Union : final report
Structural change in US newsprint demand : GDP and price elasticities
Package Form and Design : Encyclopedia of paper-folding design
High net worth investing : how to grow your wealth through practical asset allocation
Papermaking science and technology. : Book 10. Papermaking : part 3, finishing
Estimation of price and income elasticities for newsprint and printing and writing paper consumption for France, Germany and the United Kingdom
Paper chemistry helps improving quality and efficiency
Three-ply office paper
Handbook of paper and board
Optimization of dryer section for recycled paperboard
Pulp and paper international
Stora Enso concentrates its cargo flows
New business opportunities for printed media : coated paper for coldset printing
Paper in design : graphics that exploit the qualities of paper
A study of the evolution of concentration in the Dutch paper products industry
New business stationery graphics
Multilayer handsheet former
Improvement of the alkaline delignification of wood and nonwood raw materials for pulp production
Papermaking science and technology. Book 12, Paper and paperboard converting
Papermaking science and technology. Book 10, Papermaking : part 3, finishing
Papermaking science and technology. Book 9, Papermaking : part 2, Drying
Reverse rotogravure printing technology combines electronics and paper
"This book covers a wide array of topics that have relevance to the global forest products. This managerial view, based on up-to-date scientific research is a very important tool for forming the "big picture" of the current and future state of the global forest industry. This is the first book of its kind written by a global network of leaders in the field of forest products, marketing, and business development in the forest products sector in academia and industry"--
Paper trails : from trees to trash - the true cost of paper
Papermaking science and technology. Book 3, Forest products chemistry
Papermaking science and technology. Book 2, Forest resources and sustainable management
The big book of bags, tags, and labels
Applications of nanotechnology in the paper industry from the perspectives of the Nanoscience Center, market analysis and industrial needs : technology roadmap
Greenhouse gas impacts of harvested wood products : evaluation and development of methods
Papermaking science and technology. Book 5, Mechanical pulping
A global study of regional trade flows of five groups of forest products
Coating the synergy, yield and sequel
