http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14996 salsa (dance music)
salsa (dance music)
Call my name
Let's dance! : learn to swing, jitterbug, rumba, tango, line dance, lambada, cha-cha, waltz, two-step, foxtrot and salsa with style, grace and ease
Subway salsa : the Montuno Records story
New-York salsa
Friends & family
Brown sugar : Latin breakbeats, basslines & boogaloo
Blackout
Caribbean beat. Vol. III
The bad boogaloo : Nu Yorican sounds 1966-1970
The best of Mr Bongo
Fania Records 1964 - 1980 : the original sound of latin New York
The Mambo Kings : selections from the original motion picture soundtrack
Can You Feel It
Adventures in clubland
Let's dance : the complete book and DVD of ballroom dance instruction for weddings, parties, fitness, and fun : dance like a star in minutes
African salsa : Senegalese salsa fireworks
United we swing
The city of musical memory : salsa, record grooves, and popular culture in Cali, Colombia
Can you feel it?
The best of Ocho
Salsa! : Havana heat, Bronx beat
Salsa session : 12 tunes for vocals, C, Bb and Eb instruments and rhythm section
The Pedrito Martinez Group
The best of Ray Barretto
Best of salsa : coro milare, conga, swing la moderna..
Salsa : your passport to a new world of music
Beginner's guide to Latin music
Our Latin thing. 2.
The rough guide to salsa clandestina
The rough guide to salsa dura NYC
Salsa/Latin jazz : play-a-long book & recording set for all instruments
Ocho II
Salsa & the city
Situating salsa : global markets and local meanings in Latin popular music
Gettin' soulful : a swingin' combination of Vampisoul Records smash hits
Salsa : original motion picture soundtrack : the second album
Salsa piano : the complete guide with CD!
Going places : the August Darnell years 1976-1983
The Return of El Santo
The book of salsa : a chronicle of urban music from the Caribbean to New York City
Best friends Freddie the Frog and Eli the Elephant explore a new island where they are led by an unseen guide to the secret world of the Invisible Coqui. The Invisible Coqui speak Spanish and love to play salsa music and dance through the night / WorldCat.
Faces of salsa : a spoken history of music
The Rough Guide to the Music of Venezuela
Latin funk brother
Caribbean beat. Vol. II
Riot!
Cowboy rumba
Fire in the blood : giants of Latin
Mad about dance
Salsa world series. Volume 4 / DJ El Chino presents
Afro-Cuban Fantasy
Our Latin thing. 2 : a sampler of boogaloo, latin soul and the roots of salsa
Simply salsa : 4 cd's of essential latin rhythms
Tropical tribute to the Beatles
Spanish grease ; Uno dos tres 1 2 3
RCA recordings 49-60
Salsa guidebook for piano and ensemble
Singing salsa : techniques, traditions and applications
Salsa rock : a complete guide for blending the drum-set with the Latin rhythm section
The rough guide to Latin disco
Freakoff : Latin breakbeats, basslines & boogaloo
Danzon (Dance on)
The rough guide to Latin psychedelia
Dance class : how to waltz, quick step, foxtrot, tango samba, salsa, merengue, lambada, and line dance-step-by-step!
Acid ; Hard hands
From Afrocuban music to salsa
Yo! : Hot Latin Funk from El Barrio
Fania DJ Series :  Gilles Peterson / [compiled by] Gilles Peterson
The first album
Salsa! : the rhythm of Latin music
The rough guide to salsa
Caribbean fever
Barrio nuevo : Latin funk, Latin rock, Latin disco, Latin soul
Salsa heat! : classic salsa & latin grooves from the vaults of Fania Records
Cowboy Rumba
Watch out! = Ten cuidao!
Salsa : original motion picture soundtrack
Latin Funk Brother : Fania Years' Hottest Stompers
Worlwide. 3 : Programme 3
Freddie the frog and the invisible coqui : 6th adventure: salsa island
Salsa piano : instructional DVD for piano
Ballroom dancing : a comprehensive guide for dancers of all levels
Nothing but the truth
Need to know? : Latin dancing
Azúcar! : The biography of Celia Cruz
"Bird" goes Latin : Charlie Parker originals! : authentic salsa versions
Salsa masters : the best of today's new style Salsa music - greatest hits of English Salsa
Monkey see, monkey do : groovy latin swingers from Harlem's best combo : (1967-1971)
"Hey everybody... I gotta new dance"
Beginner's guide to Cuba
Broasted or fried : Latin breakbeats, basslines & boogaloo
Acid : Head sounds
The Latin real book sampler cd : Salsa, Brazilian music, Latin jazz
Saboreando : pot full of soul
Caribbean beat 4
Reggae and Latin pop : hot sauces
