http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14979 general knowledge
general knowledge
The Penguin Freud library. 12, Civilization, society and the religion : Group psychology ; Civilization and its discontents ; and other works
Snellman's concept of civilisation
The swerve : how the renaissance began
Educational perspectives on recognition theory
Interpreting Western civilization. Volume 2, From the enlightenment to the present
Philosophy, history and civilization : interdisciplinary perspectives on R. G. Collingwood
Western civilization to 1500
World in fragments : writings on politics, society, psychoanalysis, and the imagination
The passionate intellect : essays on the transformation of classical traditions : presented to Professor I.G. Kidd
How to sound cultured : master the 250 names that intellectuals love to drop into conversation
Yang Xiong and the pleasures of reading and classical learning in China
Cultural studies and the politics of everyday life : essays by Peter Dahlgren ... [et al.]
Ein Platz für sich selbst : schreibende Frauen und ihre Lebenswelten (1450-1700) = A place of their own : women writers and their social environments (1450-1700)
Literacy and development in the West
Forms of knowledge in early modern Asia : explorations in the intellectual history of India and Tibet, 1500-1800
Between the eagle and the sun : traces of Japan
A short history of Western civilization
The Oxford illustrated history of Greece and the Hellenistic world
When was Latin America modern?
Service-learning and social entrepreneurship connect students to communities through courses and campus-based opportunities. Each offers students active learning opportunities tied to community engagement and problem solving. Enos presents strategies for creating campus-based programs that educate students for twenty-first century citizenship.
Civilisation : a personal view
Changing practices, changing education
The Armenians
In this book the author transports readers to the dawn of the Renaissance and chronicles the life of an intrepid book lover who rescued the Roman philosophical text On the Nature of Things from certain oblivion. In this work he has crafted both a work of history and a story of discovery, in which one manuscript, plucked from a thousand years of neglect, changed the course of human thought and made possible the world as we know it. Nearly six hundred years ago, a short, genial, cannily alert man in his late thirties took a very old manuscript off a library shelf, saw with excitement what he had discovered, and ordered that it be copied. That book was the last surviving manuscript of an ancient Roman philosophical epic, On the Nature of Things, by Lucretius, a beautiful poem of the most dangerous ideas: that the universe functioned without the aid of gods, that religious fear was damaging to human life, and that matter was made up of very small particles in eternal motion, colliding and swerving in new directions. The copying and translation of this ancient book, the greatest discovery of the greatest book-hunter of his age, fueled the Renaissance, inspiring artists such as Botticelli and thinkers such as Giordano Bruno; shaped the thought of Galileo and Freud, Darwin and Einstein; and had a revolutionary influence on writers such as Montaigne and Shakespeare and even Thomas Jefferson.
"But What If We're Wrong visualizes the contemporary world as it will appear to those who'll perceive it as the distant past. We live in a culture of casual certitude. This has always been the case, no matter how often that certainty has failed. Though no generation believes there's nothing left to learn, every generation unconsciously assumes that what has already been defined and accepted is (probably) pretty close to how reality will be viewed in perpetuity. And then, of course, time passes. Ideas shift. Opinions invert. What once seemed reasonable eventually becomes absurd, replaced by modern perspectives that feel even more irrefutable and secure--until, of course, they don't. But What If We're Wrong? visualizes the contemporary world as it will appear to those who'll perceive it as the distant past. Chuck Klosterman asks questions that are profound in their simplicity: How certain are we about our understanding of gravity? How certain are we about our understanding of time? What will be the defining memory of rock music, five hundred years from today? How seriously should we view the content of our dreams? How seriously should we view the content of television? Are all sports destined for extinction? Is it possible that the greatest artist of our era is currently unknown (or--weirder still--widely known, but entirely disrespected)? Is it possible that we "overrate" democracy? And perhaps most disturbing, is it possible that we've reached the end of knowledge? Kinetically slingshotting through a broad spectrum of objective and subjective problems, But What If We're Wrong? is built on interviews with a variety of creative thinkers--George Saunders, David Byrne, Jonathan Lethem, Kathryn Schulz, Neil deGrasse Tyson, Brian Greene, Junot Díaz, Amanda Petrusich, Ryan Adams, Nick Bostrom, Dan Carlin, and Richard Linklater, among others--interwoven with the type of high-wire humor and nontraditional analysis only Klosterman would dare to attempt. It's a seemingly impossible achievement: a book about the things we cannot know, explained as if we did. It's about how we live now, once "now" has become "then.""-- Provided by publisher.
Charles Areskine's library : lawyers and their books at the dawn of the Scottish enlightenment
A world beyond difference : cultural identity in the age of globalization
The uncommon reader
Summary: Knowledge, edification and practical wisdom.
History of contemporary civilization
Civilization in the West
Women and curiosity in early modern England and France
Discontinuity as theoretical foundation to pedagogy:existential phenomenology in Otto Friedrich Bollnow’s philosophy of education
Thinking in Jewish
Ancient Greek Scholarship is the only introduction to this important and fast-growing field, with information on all aspects of using and reading ancient scholarship. Includes discussions of all major works, explanation of grammarians' Greek, over 200 passages with commentary, glossary of 1500 grammatical terms, and annotated bibliography with more than 1200 works.
From Gaul to De Gaulle : an outline of French civilization
Latin books and the Eastern Orthodox clerical elite in Kiev, 1632-1780
American civilization : an introduction
The 10,000 year explosion : how civilization accelerated human evolution
The civilizing process : the history of manners and state formation and civilization
The outlook for intelligence
No place of grace : antimodernism and the transformation of American culture, 1880-1920
Hitler's private library : the books that shaped his life
Exploring the modern : patterns of western culture and civilization
Wanting
The past and the present
Quest for excitement : sport and leisure in the civilizing process
The upright thinkers : the human journey from living in trees to understanding the cosmos
Narratives and spaces : technology and the construction of American culture
Discontinuity as theoretical foundation to pedagogy : existential phenomenology in Otto Friedrich Bollnow's philosophy of education
The working-class intellectual in eighteenth- and nineteenth-century Britain
Jerusalem, 1000-1400 : every people under heaven
Learned antiquity : scholarship and society in the Near East, the Greco-Roman world, and the early medieval West
The civilizing process : sociogenetic and psychogenetic investigations
Norbert Elias : an introduction
In Women and Curiosity in Early Modern England and France, the rehabilitation of female curiosity between the sixteenth and the eighteenth centuries is thoroughly investigated for the first time, in a comparative perspective that confronts two epistemological and religious traditions. In the context of the early modern blooming 'culture of curiosity,' women's desire for knowledge made them both curious subjects and curious objects, a double relation to curiosity that is meticulously inquired into by the authors in this volume. The social, literary, theological and philosophical dimensions of women's persistent association with curiosity offer a rich contribution to cultural history.
A polite exchange of bullets : the duel and the English gentleman, 1750-1850
Culture and customs of Afghanistan
World civilizations : the global experience / volume 2. 1450 to the Present
Manhood at Harvard : William James and others
Early Christianity and Greek paideia
The wild man within : an image in Western thought from the Renaissance to Romanticism
Imagining modernity in the Andes
Basic values of Western civilization
Educating humanity : Bildung in postmodernity
Life, sex and ideas : the good life without God
Dark age ahead
Western civilization : sources, images, and interpretations. 2, Since 1660
Jemmy Button
The renaissance in Europe : a reader
But what if we're wrong? : thinking about the present as if it were the past
Learning and culture in Carolingian Europe : letters, numbers, exegesis, and manuscripts
The university as an educational institution
Daily life in ancient Mesopotamia
Three talks by Jacques Barzun : at Northern Kentucky University
Classical readings in culture and civilization
Rethinking antisemitism in nineteenth-century France
Scholarly environments : centres of learning and institutional contexts, 1560-1960
World civilizations : sources, images, and interpretations. Volume 2
Beyond the "Judgment of civilization" : the intellectual legacy of the Japanese war crimes trials, 1946-1949
Tenured radicals : how politics has corrupted our higher education
World civilizations : the global experience
The homeless mind : modernization and consciousness
Dutch culture in the Golden Age
The museum effect : how museums, libraries and cultural insitutions educate and civilize society
Material, mental, and moral progress : American conceptions of civilization in late 19th century studies on "things Chinese and Japanese"
Land of the future : Norrland and the North in Sweden and European consciousness
Western civilization : sources, images, and interpretations. [3], From the Renaissance to the present
Ideas and information : managing in a high-tech world
Western civilization : sources, images, and interpretations. 1, To 1700
Indigenous identity and resistance : researching the diversity of knowledge
History of ancient India
Victorian people and ideas : a companion for the modern reader of Victorian literature
Caterina Sforza and the art of appearances : gender, art and culture in early modern Italy
The culture cult : designer tribalism and other essays
Sivistyksessä Suomen tulevaisuus = Culture and education - the future of Finland
The pedagogy of lifelong learning : understanding effective teaching and learning in diverse contexts
Babel and the ivory tower : the scholar in the age of science
The Puerto Ricans' spirit : their history, life, and culture
A collection of essays, nine of the ten which appeared first between 1995 and 2005. It explores how the seventh-century Visio Baronti was read in the ninth century and how social and cultural imperatives transformed the life of scholarship, schools and learning in Carolingian Europe.
The civilizing project in medieval Korea : neo-classicism, nativism, and figurations of power
Voltaire's bastards : the dictatorship of reason in the West
Science and modern world. Part 1.
Jewish-American history and culture : an encyclopedia
Civilization and the human subject
Sociologiâ. Psihologiâ. Kraevedenie. Obrazovanie : materialy Šestoj Ežegodnoj Meždunarodnoj Meždisciplinarnoj konferencii po iudaike = Sociology. Psychology. Local Lore. Education : proceedings of the Sixth Annual International Interdisciplinary Conference on Jewish Studies
A study on the promotion of adults' oral English communication and teacher development in liberal and tertiary education
The civilization of ancient Rome : an archaeological perspective ; beginnings to Augustus
Humanity at the turning point : rethinking nature, culture and freedom : essays on contemporary philosophy
Interpreting Western civilization. Volume 1, From Antiquity to the Sun King
The book of the knight of La Tour-Landry : compiled for the instruction of his daughters
Ancient Rome : from the early republic to the assassination of Julius Caesar
Metropolises, Asia and general culture
Race questions, provincialism, and other American problems
Drawing on visual evidence, letters, and contemporary texts, the author offers an interpretation of women's contributions to early modern culture. She explains the correlations between prescriptive literature and women's actions and reveals the mutability of gender roles in the princely courts.
Space in the medieval West : places, territories, and imagined geographies
Le mot juste : the Penguin dictionary of foreign terms and phrases
Service-learning and social entrepreneurship in higher education : a pedagogy of social change
The unfinished Enlightenment : description in the age of the encyclopedia
The enlightenment as social criticism : Iosipos Moisiodax and Greek culture in the eighteenth century
Soviet civilization between past and present
The Bulgarians : from pagan times to the Ottoman conquest
The political economy of education : implications for growth and inequality
World civilizations : sources, images, and interpretations. Volume 1
Islamic Central Asia : an anthology of historical sources
Progress, nature and technology in late-modern transition
Explores why minor slights to certain kinds of gentlemen led to duels in order for honour to be satisfied, and how such ideas about honour changed over time.
The kaleidoscopic scholarship of Hadrianus Junius (1511-1575) : northern humanism at the dawn of the Dutch golden age
Ancient Greek scholarship : a guide to finding, reading and understanding scholia, commentaries, lexica and grammatical treatises : from their beginnings to the Byzantine period
The creative migrant
Eight eurocentric historians
Civilizational identity : the production and reproduction of "civilizations" in international relations
A history of civilizations
Japanese civilization in the modern world. 5, Culturedness
