http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14920 food economy
food economy
Agricultural and food science in Finland : Vol. 7, no 2, 1998
"Food is one of the most basic resources that humans need for daily survival. Forty percent of the world's population gains a livelihood from agriculture and we all consume food. Yet control over this fundamental resource is concentrated in relatively few hands. The 2008 food price crisis illustrated both the volatility and vulnerability built into the current global food system; at the height of the crisis, the number of hungry people on the planet climbed to over 1 billion. At the same time, there are serious ecological consequences that stem from an increasingly industrial model of agriculture that has spread worldwide. This book aims to contribute to a fuller understanding of the forces that influence and shape the current global food system. Author Jennifer Clapp explores how corporate control, inequitable international agricultural trade rules, and the financialization of farm commodities have each had a fundamental influence on the practices that dominate today's global food system. By contrast, farmers and consumers, particularly in the developing world, have had little voice to change the rules of the game. But movements are emerging to challenge the dominant global system. The extent to which these alternative movements can displace it, however, remains to be seen."--pub. website.
Lords of the harvest : biotech, big money and the future of food
The 2007-2008 food price swing : impact and policies in Eastern and Southern Africa
Turkey in the European Union : implications for agriculture, food and structural policy
Changing comparative advantage in food and agriculture : lessons from Mexico
Technical background documents : World Food Summit, 13-17 November 1996, Rome, Italy. Vol. 1, 1-5
Report of the Twenty-third FAO Regional Conference for Europe : Nicosia, Cyprus, 29-31 May 2002.
Estonian agriculture, rural economy and food industry
The changing world food prospect : the nineties and beyond
Commercialization of agriculture under population pressure : effects on production, consumption, and nutrition in Rwanda
Science, ethics, and food : papers and proceedings of a colloquium, organized by the Smithsonian Institution
International agri-food chains and networks : management and organization
Finnish household consumption in monetary and physical terms : trends and clarifications
Rotavirus in drinking water : molecular methods for measurement of infectivity
The food economy : global issues and challenges
Who will feed China? : wake-up call for a small planet
Of agricultural systems and systems agriculture : systems methodologies in agricultural education
Why has Africa become a net food importer : explaining Africa agricultural and food trade deficits
To the desert and back : the story of one of the most dramatic business transformations on record
Food and economics
Professional food manager
Increasing the contribution of small-scale fisheries to poverty alleviation and food security
Food and agriculture in Papua New Guinea
Biorefineries in decentralized environment : review
The agricultural link : how environmental deterioration could disrupt economic progress
Food market abstracts
"This Case for Action urges that improving policy coherence between employment and agricultural initiatives and investigating more in the promotion of decent rural employment contribute highly to the interlinked challenges of fighting rural poverty and feeding a growing world population in a sustainable way. Even more importantly, decent work is a fully fledged human right, enshrined in international human rights law, to which each person is entitled as a means of personal development and socio-economic inclusion. While the ILO leads the Global Employment and Decent Work Agenda, FAO has a crucial comparative advantage in promoting decent work in rural areas, specifically with respect to employment in agriculture, including livestock, forestry, fisheries and management of natural resources, as well as agroprocessing and retailing. Given its mandate to raise levels of nutrition, improve agricultural productivity, better the lives of rural populations and contribute to the growth of the world economy, FAO has a significant responsibility within this context. This Case for Action further clarifies the reasoning behind this statement and suggests entry points for increased synergies and inter-disciplinary collaboration."--Introduction.
The political economy of genetically modified foods
Acta agriculturæ Scandinavica. Section C, Food economics
Food supply chain management : issues for the hospitality and retail sectors
Forests, food and people
The plan for the world food congress : Washington, D.C., 4-18 June 1963.
What will EU membership and the value-added tax reform do to Finnish food economy? : a computable general equilibrium analysis
Evolution and implementation of multifunctionality-related policies in China and Finland
Russia's food retail sector from the point of view of Finnish food producers
Case studies in food policy for developing countries. Volume 3, Institutions and international trade policies
Agricultural and food policy : issues and alternatives for the 1990s : papers presented at the National Agricultural and Food Policy Workshop, November 16 - 17, 1989, Washington, D.C
World food prospects : critical issues for the early twenty-first century
The world food outlook
Finnish journal of dairy science
Together at the table : sustainability and sustenance in the American agrifood system
EXPO 2000 Hannover sub-theme nutrition : exhibition contents plan
MTT Raportti = MTT Report = MTT Rapport
Food, globalization and sustainability
Journal of the science of food and agriculture
Agricultural and food science
Between 2007 and 2008, the world experienced a dramatic swing in commodity prices. Eastern and Southern African countries experienced considerable difficulties due to the price food swing. The food price boom resulted in increased poverty and significant food security problems as households struggled to meet the high cost of food. The decline in exports due to weak demand, decreased foreign investment and migrant remittances, as well as high unemployment all added to the burden of already vulnerable African Countries. Policy reactions to the food price surge have been prompt in many developing countries. The key objective of this title is to discuss feasible approaches for the economic management of food price booms and slumps. As a first step to policy assessment, the paper also reviews the nature of the food price swing, analyzes its impact on both household and wider economy levels and examines the policies that have been, or are currently being implemented in Eastern and Southern Africa.--Publisher's description.
Food ethics
The road half traveled : agricultural market reform in Sub-Saharan Africa
Factors influencing green sourcing in food retailing : case study: Finnish food retailers
The food problems of Bangladesh
The Oxford handbook of the economics of food consumption and policy
Medium-run projections for greenhouse gas emissions arising from agriculture: the case of milk production in Estonia
Foreign direct investment in the food processing of the Baltic countries
Food
The future of agriculture : developing country implications
Microbiological research and development for the food industry
Index of agricultural and food research 1986-87
Agriculture in Middle East : challenges & possibilities
Time for food : everyday food and changing meal habits in a global perspective : proceedings of the 18th conference of the International Commission for Ethnological Food Research, Åbo Akademi University, Turku, Finland, 18-21 August, 2010
Eurofood
Bringing the food economy home : local alternatives to global agribusiness
Encyclopedia of agricultural science : vol. 1-4
Report of the 16th FAO regional conference for Europe, Cracow, Poland, 23-26 August 1988.
Food through the ages
The four world food agencies in Rome : FAO, WFP, WFC, IFAD
In order to respond to increasing global food demand and provide for national economic growth, the Estonian Dairy Strategy for 2012−2020 aims to achieve a 30% growth in milk production. At the same time, there is a global attempt to reduce greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions. This paper analyses the medium-term (2015−2020) projections for milk production and associated GHG emissions from dairy cows in Estonia. The FAPRI-GOLD type market model of Estonian agriculture, which is used for projections of agricultural production, was supplemented with a module that helps project GHG emissions. The paper demonstrates the endogenisation of GHG emission factors in a relatively general agricultural market model context. The results imply that increasing milk production by 30% by 2020 would jeopardise Estonia's commitments with regard to agricultural GHG emissions. However, the average GHG emission per tonne of produced milk will decline, thus reducing the “carbon footprint” of milk production.
Impacts of ozone pollution on food security in the UK : a case study for two contrasting years, 2006 and 2008
Scenarios for future agriculture in Finland : a Delphi study among agri-food sector stakeholders
Development of enhanced analytical methodology in pesticide chemistry
Studies on the agricultural and food sector in transition economies
Will there be enough food?
The food sector in transition - Nordic research : proceedings of NJF-seminar no. 313, June 2000
Prospects for the European food system
Food, Inc
Studies on the agricultural and food sector in central and eastern Europe
Proposals for a World Food Board
Impact of agricultural market liberalization on food security in developing countries : a comparative study of Kenya and Zambia
Food and culture : a reader
Market orientation in food and agriculture
Food economics : the official journal of the Nordic Association of Agricultural Scientists (NJF)
The Baltic environment, food and health: from habits to awareness : feasibility study : Central Baltic INTERREG IV A Programme 2007-2013
Private regulation of value chains in Finnish pork industry : how private regulation schemes are used and could be used to ensure quality
Food safety and international competitiveness : the case of beef
Entrepreneurship in regional food production : 2nd Nordic workshop on entrepreneurship in regional food production Bodø, May 5.-6. 2003
Report of the World Food Summit : 13-17 November 1996. Part one
Maatalous tienhaarassa : Lauri Kettusen 60-vuotisjuhlajulkaisu = Agriculture at the crossroads : Lauri Kettunen's jubilee publication
Market orientation : transforming food and agribusiness around the customer
Decent rural employment for food security : a case for action
FAO principles of surplus disposal and consultative obligations of member nations
Rural transport of food products in Latin America and the Caribbean
Cooperation and conflicts in high seas fisheries
Food economics : industry and markets
Consumption in rural Bangladesh : households, lifestyles, and identities
Developing new food products for a changing marketplace
"This book serves as a primer and reference for industrial food microbiologists who typically gain the information provided through on-the-job experience or from a consultant instead of in the classroom. The intent is to describe the purposes and processes for conducting microbiological research and development. A broad range of topics is covered including the basics of setting up a food microbiology laboratory, procedures for validating the efficacy of process and product food safety controls, practices and protocols for developing effective food preservatives, sanitizers and biocides, approaches to responding to food safety emergencies, predicting survival and growth of microbes in foods, and approaches to meaningful communication of food microbiology research outcomes"--
Studies on iron in rat nutrition / Antti Ahlström
Food : from farm to table
Journal of agricultural and food chemistry
Asymmetric transmission of price information between the meat market of Finland and other EU countries : testing for signal on oligopolistic behaviour
Non-distorting farm support to enhance global food production
The human food chain
EEC and the Third World : a survey. 2, Hunger in the world
The Baltic environment, food and health : from habits to awareness : feasibility study : Central Baltic INTERREG IV A Programme 2007-2013
Improving household food security
Towards a new agricultural revolution : research, technology transfer, and application for food security in Africa
Scandinavian dairy information
Agrovoc : multilingual agricultural thesaurus : english version
Summary of world food and agricultural statistics 2003.
