http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14967 Bachelors of Social Services
Bachelors of Social Services
14 puheenvuoroa sosionomien (AMK) asemasta Suomen hyvinvointiasiantuntijajärjestelmässä
Bachelors of social services working for non-governmental organizations: the competences needed in NGO-work
The social workout book : strength-building exercises for the pre-professional
Indigenous social work around the world : towards culturally relevant education and practice
Supervision meets education : supervision in the bachelor of social work in Europe
Handbook of the project Keinot käyttöön arjen areenoilla
This volume brings together prominent international scholars involved in both western and indigenous social work to discuss some of the most significant global trends and issues relating to indigenous and cross-cultural social work.
Abstract: The purpose of this study was to conduct an evaluation study based on the feedback from former students with immigrant background of the English Degree Program in Social Services (DPSS) with the help of interviews. The idea of the evaluation was to harness what elements in the curriculum of the degree program had been useful during the studies and for later working life. The evaluation study was divided into three parts including their feedback on the study curriculum, studying in a multicultural environment and experiences on the process towards working life. A qualitative approach was used in carrying out the study. Semi structured interviews were used in collecting data. The study was focused on the individuals experiences and personal opinions in order for it to be able to provide a detailed feedback for the working life partner. Former students of the English degree program with immigrant background were contacted and six interviews were used for this study including two teacher interviews. The findings showed that the curriculum and the multicultural study environment generally played a supportive role for the former students of the DPSS. Work placements were regarded as the most beneficial element of the curriculum regarding employment opportunities in Finland. In conclusion, the results indicate that although there was a certain amount of dissatisfaction regarding the English language skills used in teaching, students were generally satisfied. The students were mainly motivated about getting a bachelor's certificate since they knew that the degree program will provide them one.
The ethic of care and its development : a longitudinal study among practical nursing, bachelor-degree social work and law enforcement students
Feedback from Metropolia graduates : studying in an English Degree Program as an Immigrant and their Road to Working Life
Feedback from Metropolia graduates: studying in an English Degree Program as an Immigrant  and their Road to Working Life
The ethic of care and its development
