http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14909 cultural criticism
cultural criticism
The politics and poetics of transgression
Reviewing the arts
A diagnosis of modern life : Robert Musil's Der Mann ohne Eigenschaften as a critical-utopian project
Selected writings. Vol. 2, part 2, 1931-1934
In the beginning, she was
"From 1927 to 1933, Walter Benjamin wrote and presented more than eighty broadcasts over the new medium of radio. Radio Benjamin gathers, for the first time in English, the surviving transcripts. This eclectic collection shows the range of Benjamin's thinking and includes stories for young and old, plays, readings, book reviews, a novella, and discussions of topics ranging from finding a job to the architecture of Berlin to an account of the railway disaster at the Firth of Tay"--Provided by publisher.
Culture and the real : theorizing cultural criticism
Georg Lukács reconsidered : critical essays in politics, philosophy and aesthetics
Selected writings. Vol. 2, part 1, 1927-1930
Local transcendence : essays on postmodern historicism and the database
Taboo memories, diasporic voices
The middle mind : why consumer culture is turning us into the living dead
They followed me in the street : the assassination of a journalist and other horror stories from present day Russia
An introduction to criticism : literature / film / culture
Murakami Haruki : the simulacrum in contemporary Japanese culture
Selected writings. Vol. 4, 1938-1940
Remote Control : power, cultures, and the world of appearances / Barbara Kruger
And yet... : essays
The end of ideology and utopia? : moral imagination and cultural criticism in the twentieth century
Visions of global America and the future of critical reading
Walter Benjamin : an introduction to his work and thought
Black looks : race and representation
Economics, culture and social theory
Communication criticism : rhetoric, social codes, cultural studies
Reading television
Beloved community : the cultural criticism of Randolph Bourne, Van Wyck Brooks, Waldo Frank & Lewis Mumford
The Japanization of modernity : Murakami Haruki between Japan and the United States
The Oxford history of western music
Enemies of hope : a critique of contemporary pessimism : irrationalism, anti-humanism and counter-enlightenment
Walter Benjamin : a critical life
Lacan, discourse, and social change : a psychoanalytic cultural criticism
On criticism
Interrogating the real : selected writings
Cybertext yearbook 2006 : ergodic histories
Murakami Haruki is perhaps the best-known and most widely translated Japanese author of his generation. Despite Murakami’s critical and commercial success, particularly in the United States, his role as a mediator between Japanese and American literature and culture is seldom discussed. Bringing a comparative perspective to the study of Murakami’s fiction, Rebecca Suter complicates our understanding of the author’s oeuvre and highlights his contributions not only as a popular writer but also as a cultural critic on both sides of the Pacific. Suter concentrates on Murakami’s short stories—less known in the West but equally worthy of critical attention—as sites of some of the author’s bolder experiments in manipulating literary (and everyday) language, honing cross-cultural allusions, and crafting metafictional techniques. This study scrutinizes Murakami’s fictional worlds and their extraliterary contexts through a range of discursive lenses: modernity and postmodernity, universalism and particularism, imperialism and nationalism, Orientalism and globalization. By casting new light on the style and substance of Murakami’s prose, Suter situates the author and his works within the sphere of contemporary Japanese literature and finds him a prominent place within the broader sweep of the global literary scene.
Western civilization and its problems : a dialogue between Weber, Elias, and Habermas
Early American women critics : performance, religion, race
Surface & depth : dialectics of criticism and culture / Richard Shusterman
The lively arts : Gilbert Seldes and the transformation of cultural criticism in the United States
Selected writings. Vol. 3, 1935-1938
Les pouvoirs des désirs indicibles = The powers of the unsayable desires
Material girls : making sense of feminist cultural theory
The regime of visibility
Lewis Mumford : critic of culture and civilization
In the critical essays collected in Black Looks, bell hooks interrogates old narratives and argues for alternative ways to look at blackness, black subjectivity, and whiteness. Her focus is on spectatorship—in particular, the way blackness and black people are experienced in literature, music, television, and especially film — and her aim is to create a radical intervention into the way we talk about race and representation. As she describes: "the essays in Black Looks are meant to challenge and unsettle, to disrupt and subvert." As students, scholars, activists, intellectuals, and any other readers who have engaged with the book since its original release in 1992 can attest, that's exactly what these pieces do.
Uncertain territories : boundaries in cultural analysis
Kingdom come
The genteel tradition in American philosophy and character and opinion in the United States
Foul perfection : essays and criticism
Literary taste, culture and mass communication. Vol. 1, Culture and mass culture
Representing the cultural 'other' : Japanese anthropological works on Korea
A number of disciplines aligned under "cultural criticism" have changed the shape of contemporary biblical studies not only by offering new methods but by questioning old goals and proposing new ones. Soundings in Cultural Criticism offers a collection of succinct essays in these fields by some of the foremost scholars in New Testament studies. Questions of historical reconstruction, textual interpretation, and present cultural deployment are addressed in an ideal second textbook for New Testament courses.
Fredric Jameson : Marxism, hermeneutics, postmodernism
Vital beauty : reclaiming aesthetics in the tangle of technology and nature
Design and crime : and other diatribes
Culture and resistance : conversations with Edward W. Said
Anthropology confronts the problems of the modern world
Critique of anthropology
Loyalty, dissent, and betrayal : modern Lithuania and East-Central European moral imagination
Bad feminist : essays
A survey of the traditions of western music by one of the most prominent and provocative musicologists of our time, this book illuminates, through a representative sampling of masterworks, those themes, styles, and currents that give shape and direction to each musical age.
The necessary theatre
Axel Honneth : A critical theory of the social
The Cambridge introduction to Walter Benjamin
Barthes : selected writings
Pedagogies of media and information literacies
The little book of the cultural hijacker : towards critical action graphic design
Underground passages : anarchist resistance culture, 1848-2011
Our culture, what's left of it : the mandarins and the masses
Communication criticism : approaches & genres
Masscult and midcult : essays against the American grain
The anatomy of despondency : European socio-cultural criticism, 1789 - 1939
American political fictions : war on errorism in contemporary American literature, culture, and politics
Imagining other worlds
In this book, leading philosophers, anthropologists, political thinkers and artists take a closer look at what the idea of beauty can mean to their disciplines, in an effort to redefine what beauty is and what it means to design practice and art. The conception of beauty presented in Vital Beauty aims to draw a line under a century filled with excessive worship of the sublime in art and architecture. Vital beauty, in this book, is conceived as a form of beauty that is imperfect and impure. Over 150 years ago, British art critic John Ruskin came up with the concept and thereby liberated beauty from classical perfection and harmony. In this he acknowledged the fact that we live in a world of currents and forces and that these forces bring forth objects. Vital beauty might just be the ideal label for the combination of the vitality of material and information flows, and the beautiful mountains, clouds, books and edifices that they produce.
Starting over : feminism and the politics of cultural critique
In Murakami Haruki, Dr. Michael Seats offers an important philosophical intervention in the discussion of the relationship between Murakami's fiction and contemporary Japanese culture. Breaking through conventional analysis, Seats demonstrates how Murakami's first and later trilogies utilize the structure of the simulacrum, a second-order representation, to develop a complex critique of contemporary Japanese culture. By outlining the critical-fictional contours of the 'Murakami Phenomenon,' the discussion confronts the vexing question of Japanese modernity and subjectivity within the contexts of the national-cultural imaginary. Seats finds mirroring comparisons between Murakami's works and practices in current media-entertainment technologies, indicating a new politics of representation.Murakami Haruki is a critical text for scholars and students of Japanese Studies and Critical Theory, and is an essential guide for those interested in modern Japanese literature.
Reflecting black : African-American cultural criticism
For more than a decade Judith Newton has been at the forefront of defining and promoting materialist feminist criticism. Starting Over brings together a selection of her essays that chart the establishment of feminist literary criticism in the academy and its relation to other forms of cultural criticism, including Marxist, post-Marxist, new historicist, and cultural materialist approaches, as well as cultural studies. The essays in Starting Over have functioned as exemplars of interdisciplinary thinking, mapping out the ways in which reading strategies and the constructions of history, culture, identity, change, and agency in various materialist theories overlap, and the ways in which feminist-materialist work both draws upon, revises, and complicates the vision of nonfeminist materialist critiques. They are shaped by an awareness that public knowledge is always informed by the so-called private realm of familial and sexual relations and that cultural criticism must bring together investigations of daily behaviors, economic and social relations, and the dynamics of race, class, gender, and sexual struggle.
Against the American grain
The death of the critic
The correspondence of Walter Benjamin, 1910-1940
The Cambridge companion to Walter Benjamin
Edward Said : continuing the conversation
The air-conditioned nightmare
Rhetorical criticism : exploration and practice
Empire of illusion : the end of literacy and the triumph of spectacle
Sentiments of fidelity : production of subjectivity, trust and neoliberal capitalism
Nietzsche's Gay science : dancing coherence
Addressing a neglected dimension in postcolonial scholarship, the author examines the figure of the postcolonial intellectual as repeatedly evoked by the fabled troika of Said, Spivak, and Bhabha and by members of the pan-African diaspora such as Cabral, Fanon, and James.
Nobrow : the culture of marketing, the marketing of culture
The end of ideology & utopia? : moral imagination and cultural criticism in the twentieth century / Leonidas Donskis
Madonna, Murphy Brown, Thelma and Louise: These much-discussed media icons are the starting points of Suzanna Walter's brilliant, much-needed introduction to feminist cultural theory. Accessible yet theoretically sophisticated, up-to-date and entertaining, Material Girls acquaints readers with the major theories, debates, and concepts in this new and exciting field. With numerous case studies and illustrations, Walters situates feminist cultural theory against the background of the women's movement and media studies. Using examples from film, television, advertising, and popular discourse, she looks at topics such as the "male gaze," narrative theory, and new work on female "ways of seeing" and spectatorship. Throughout, Walters provides a historically grounded account of representations of women in popular culture while critiquing the dominance of psychoanalytic and postmodern analyses.
Scenes from postmodern life
Experiments against reality : the fate of culture in the postmodern age
Boris Asaf'ev : the artistic portrayal of Russian landscape
Selected writings
Staging stigma : a critical examination of the American freak show
Islamic theology, philosophy and law : debating Ibn Taymiyya and Ibn Qayyim al-Jawziyya
Apocalypse and/or metamorphosis
Ghosts of my life : writings on depression, hauntology and lost futures
Postcolonialisms : an anthology of cultural theory and criticism
Bakhtin between east and west : cross-cultural transmission
Soundings in cultural criticism : perspectives and methods in culture, power, and identity in the New Testament
The crisis of the modern world
Not with a bang but a whimper : the politics and culture of decline
Modern rhetorical criticism
The practice of misuse : rugged consumerism in contemporary American culture
The festivalization of culture
What anarchists demanded from art was what they demanded from all aspects of their political lives: that it should, as much as possible, embody the principle in the practice, the end in the means. While prefiguring a post-revolutionary world, anarchists simultaneously created a richly textured "resistance culture" to sustain their ideals and identities amid everyday lives defined by capital and the state, allowing an escape from domination even while enmeshed in it. Underground Passages investigates and interrogates these creations across the history of the movement. Whether discussing famous artists like John Cage or Diane DiPrima or unknown and anonymous anarchist writers, Cohn shows how aesthetic shifts both reflected and influenced and political and economic ones. This is cultural criticism at its best--and most useful.-- Provided by publisher.
Making history : the historian and uses of the past
Voicing concerns : contemporary Chinese critical inquiry
Discourses of the vanishing : modernity, phantasm, Japan
Reshape your definition
The postcolonial intellectual : Ngũgĩ wa Thiong'o in context
Developing number sense through imagery : an intuitive approach for children
Violence : six sideways reflections
Selected writings. Vol. 1, 1913-1926
