http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p14950 foreign traffic
foreign traffic
Abstract.
The international freight guide : the handbook for exporters, importers and forwarders
EU energy in figures : statistical pocketbook
Matkailutilasto = Turismstatistik = Tourism statistics. 2011.
World trade and payments : an introduction
Developing service quality and efficiency : case: Tapiola's international motor vehicle claims unit
Export practice and management
Introduction to travel and tourism : an international approach
Methods of payment in Finnish foreign trade : cases and exercises for classroom work
Working on cruise ships
Guide to payments in trade with Russia
Suomen tilastollinen vuosikirja 2006 = Statistisk årsbok för Finland 2006 = Statistical yearbook of Finland 2006
The EEC telecommunications industry competition, concentration and competitiveness : the adhesion of Portugal and Spain
Matkailutilasto 2004 = Tourism statistics 2004.
Baltic sea ports and Russian foreign trade : studies in the economic and political geography of transition
Doing business abroad : how to start trading successfully in international markets
International trade manual
Incoterms in Practice
Yhdenmukaiset remburssisäännöt = ICC uniform customs and practice for documentary credits
The EDI handbook : trading in the 1990s
INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS
International business
A history of Finnish shipping
The Russian administration : a study of Russian authorities encountering international road freight transport
The law of international trade finance
Bootstrap testing for cointegration of international commodity prices
Loader / Client : the changing environment of customer goods import. Part 2
Working in Aviation
The economic interdependencies between the Baltic States and Russia
Trader's ABC. 3, Payments
Finland's position in Russian transit traffic : is cross-border zone a viable alternative?
A to Z of international trade
Suomen tilastollinen vuosikirja 2008 = Statistisk årsbok för Finland 2008 = Statistical yearbook of Finland 2008.. 2008 : 103. vuosikerta = årgång 103 = volume 103
Suomen tilastollinen vuosikirja 2005 = Statistisk årsbok för Finland 2005 = Statistical yearbook of Finland 2005.
Farthing on international shipping
Handbook of international economics. Vol. 2, International monetary economics and finance
Matkailutilasto 2005 = Tourism statistics
Rail Baltica influence area : state of operating environment
Suomen tilastollinen vuosikirja 2007 = Statistisk årsbok för Finland 2007 = Statistical yearbook of Finland 2007
China is the sixth most important trade partner of Finland, and Finland is China's largest  partner in Nordic region. Though ocean transportation still dominates the Finnish export to  China, air freight has shown the irreplaceable importance in consideration of speeding up delivery  to long-haul destinations, ensuring superior conditions of high value carriage, and cutting  inventory and storage costs for the customers. Not only led by this general trend but also  accompanied with a strong belief in a bright future for the two countries, air cargo carriers in  Finland are formulating their strategies to focus more on the China traffic. Lufthansa Cargo  AG (LCAG), as the second leading air carrier in Finland, also has been actively participating in  the competition.  The study is sponsored by LCAG to find out the opportunities for the company to increase  the market share of air freight traffic to China from Finland. In order to approach the main  research question, two secondary research questions were formulated as: what is the industry  structure of Finnish air freight market in respect to the China traffic, and what is the competitive  position of LCAG in this market. The research paid special attention to the scope of air  freight traffic flow from Finland to China.  Both primary and secondary data were employed to respond to the research questions. Depth  interviews with the industry experts, decision makers and most potential customers - air  freight forwarding agents - resulted in primary data. The major advantage of using depth interviews  for this particular research was that probing is effective in uncovering underlying or  hidden information, especially as the nature of the topic is complex. The period of data collection  was during the author's internship in LCAG from August 2008 to January 2009.  In conclusion, the research results reveal that air carriers in Finland are operating in an oligopoly  market structure concerning the China traffic. They are facing the shrinking demand, the  threats of the new entrants and substitutes, the increasing bargaining power from the buyer  due to the over capacity, and the fierce competition always there for them. Comparing to the  market leader, LCAG is regarded as charging higher rate but offering less perceived added  value services. However, the results of this study also indicate that LCAG does have opportunities  to increase its market share of the traffic to China in the terms of delivering consistent  high quality service, shortening the overall lead time, strengthening the cooperation with Chinese  partners, offering more value added services to improve the value of the rate charged,  tailoring forwarder management and establishing closer shipper contacts.
Suomen tilastollinen vuosikirja = Statistisk årsbok för Finland = Statisical yearbook of Finland. 1991.
Euro-Mediterranean statistics
A geography of the European Union
Sailing into twilight : Finnish shipping in an age of transport revolution, 1860-1914
Matkailutilasto 1997 = Tourism statistics
Abstract: The economic importance of the transit traffic in Finland.
Abstract: The functional structure, division of labour and development of Finnish ports.
The last windjammers : grain races round Cape Horn
Opportunities to increase market share of air freight to China : case study: Lufthansa Cargo Finland and Baltic states
Transport connections between the EU and Russia : current status and outlook for the future
Logistics management in Finnish foreign trade transport
Suomen ulkomaankauppa. Osa 2 = Utrikeshandel för Finland. Del 2 = Foreign trade of Finland. Volume 2
Industrial development in Russia and the transportation corridor of Southern Finland
