http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15 social movements
social movements
How can e-commerce companies enlarge the business after start-up phase?  : case: Ndigo Business B.V. entering Chinese market
Social movements, activism and social development in the Middle East
Digital Innovation Playbook : creating a transformative customer experience
Pressure groups, politics and democracy in Britain
Geography and social movements : comparing antinuclear activism in the Boston area
What really happened to the 1960s : how mass media culture failed American democracy
Don't you hear the h-bomb's thunder? : youth & politics on Tyneside in the late 'fifties and early 'sixties
Advancing the Application of Digital Marketing in Irish SMEs. Case company: English Language Ireland
Challenging authority : the historical study of contentious politics
Hotel pricing in a social world : driving value in the digital economy
Social media in international brand communication of SMEs : a multiple case study of small Finnish design-intensive companies
The introvert entrepreneur : amplify your strengths and create success on your own terms in ten steps
In "Design for Services", Anna Meroni and Daniela Sangiorgi articulate what Design is doing and can do for services, and how this connects to existing fields of knowledge and practice. Designers previously saw their task as the conceptualisation, development and production of tangible objects. In the twenty-first century, a designer rarely 'designs something' but rather 'designs for something': in the case of this publication, for change, better experiences and better services. The authors reflect on this recent transformation in the practice, role and skills of designers, by organising their book into three main sections. The first section links "Design for Services" to existing models and studies on services and service innovation. Section two presents multiple service design projects to illustrate and clarify the issues, practices and theories that characterise the discipline today; using these case studies the authors propose a conceptual framework that maps and describes the role of designers in the service economy. The final section projects the discipline into the emerging paradigms of a new economy to initiate a reflection on its future development.
The challenge of social control : citizenship and institution building in modern society : essays in honor of Morris Janowitz
West meets east : a study of cross-institutional business relationships between Finnish/Swedish and overseas Chinese firms
Occupy! : scenes from occupied America
Business plan for artist Kal Bansal for the UK market
Democracy in social movements
Peasant protest & social change in colonial Korea
Business in action
Elephant in the room : how relationships make or break the success of leaders and organizations
The handbook of communication and corporate social responsibility
Social conflict and social movements
Civil society and social movements : the dynamics of intersectoral alliances and urban-rural linkages in Latin America
The 50th law
Methodological practices in social movement research
Social movements : an anthropological reader
The making of social movements in Latin America : identity, strategy, and democracy
Show your work! : 10 ways to share your creativity and get discovered
Popular intellectuals and social movements : framing protest in Asia, Africa, and Latin America
A multi-stakeholder perspective on sustainable marketing : studying business-society relations through action research
Nomads of the present : social movements and individual needs in contemporary society
Community organization in Mexico : the case of Santo Domingo
Executive coach and psychologist Marshall Goldsmith discusses the emotional triggers that set off a reaction or a behavior in us that often works to our detriment. Do you find that at times you suddenly become defensive or enraged by an idle comment from a colleague? Or that your temper rises when another car cuts you off in traffic? Your reactions don't occur in a vacuum. They are the result of emotional and psychological triggers that often happen only in specific settings -- at meetings, or in competitive situations, or with a specific person who rubs you the wrong way, or when you feel under particular pressure. Being able to recognize those triggers and understand how the environment affects our behavior is key to controlling our responses and managing others at work and in life. Make no mistake -- change is hard. And the starting point is the willingness to accept help, and the desire to change. Over the course of this book, Marshall explores the power of active questions to get us to take responsibility for our actions -- and our failure to act. Questions such as "Did I do my best to make progress toward my goal?" "Did I work hard at being fully engaged?" He discusses the importance of structure in effecting permanent change. Because, he points out, change is hard, and without a structure to keep us on track, we inevitably relapse and fall back. Filled with stories from Marshall's work with executives and leaders, Triggers shows readers how to achieve meaningful and sustained change that will allow us to open our imaginations and escape the rigidity of binary thinking.
A "unique culture"? : migration, nostalgia, alcoholism, suicide and religious revival in Finland
Domestic resource mobilization by social movement organizations in Latin America : a case study of the Abrinq Foundation for children rights of Brazil
Profits with principles : seven strategies for delivering value with values
New social movements in Western Europe : a comparative analysis
Collective creativity for resbonsible and sustainable business practice
A business enabling network : a case study of a high-tech network : its concepts, elements and actors
The Marketing-Orientated Business Plan for a Company-To-Be, Case: Lauriida
Citizenship and capitalism : the debate over reformism
Globalization, social movements, and the construction of Europe : the example of the European parliament elections in France
International business-society management : linking corporate responsibility and globalization
Research in social movements, conflicts and change
Design for services
The Kurdish nationalist movement : opportunity, mobilization, and identity
Social movements : an introduction to political sociology
Yamove! A movement synchrony game that choreographs social interaction
Triggers : sparking positive change and making it last
The role of social customer service in online service business : an exploratory case study on Wolt
Fundraising and investor relations in social enterprise : Marketing your way out of the pioneer gap in African off-grid renewable energy
Deus ex machina : the Muslim Brotherhood and the Egyptian revolution through the lens of social movement theory
Learning activism : the intellectual life of contemporary movements
The social dimension in corporate responsibility reporting of largest European food retailers
Restructuring for world peace : on the threshold of the twenty-first century
Contemporary social movements
A little book of craftivism
The rhetoric of moral protest : public campaigns, celebrity endorsement, and political mobilization
The end of business as usual : rewire the way you work to succeed in the consumer revolution
Offers a "bible" for success in life and work that advocates living by one simple principle: fear nothing
Social theory and the politics of identity
Social movement organizations : guide to research on insurgent realities
Power in movement : social movements, collective action and politics
Social movements and leftist governments in Latin America : confrontation or co-optation?
The creationist movement in modern America
The business solution to poverty : designing products and services for three billion new customers
Social movements in global politics
Environmental and housing movements : grassroots experience in Hungary, Russia and Estonia
Playing for change : music and musicians in the service of social movements
"The subject matter of sociology, simply stated, is the human group" : evaluation of the concept of social movement in the collective behavior approach
The rise and development of the global debt movement : a North-South dialogue
Breaking chains : social movements and collective action
Utopias in American history
Social movements and Bourdieu : class, embodiment and the politics of identity
Social movements and culture
Inbound marketing : get found using Google, social media, and blogs
Exodus : immigration and multiculturalism in the 21st century
Performing authenticities : cultural forms and their functions in the Reclaim the Streets -protest
Studies in social movements : a social psychological perspective
Dreaming in public : building the occupy movement
Sociology of Discourse takes the perspective that collective actors like social movements are capable of creating social change from below by creating new institutions through alternative discourses. Institutionalization becomes a process of moving away from existing institutions towards creating new ones. While discourses entail openness and enable the questioning of what is instituted, institutions offer continuity and stability to social mobilizations. This dual movement of openness and stabilization explains how social struggles ensure their continuity, without completely assuming the logic of the dominant order. The book proposes an analytical model of social change, which is unfolded through three intertwined areas: discourse, communication, and institution. Collective experiences of social change, from the anti-globalization movement to Occupy, illustrate the main theoretical points and concepts. Through the example of the Platform for People Affected by Mortgages, the book concludes by analyzing how social change from below is possible.
Social movements : identity, culture, and the state
Social responses to technological change
Readings on social movements : origins, dynamics and outcomes
"Are you fed up with the status quo? Do you ask yourself why 1% of the world owns nearly half the wealth? Are you appalled that in a year of recession, banker's bonuses rose by around 64%? Does it anger you that multi-million dollar corporations pay hardly any tax? Do you trust your government? Always insightful, irreverent but funny, Russell Brand is asking the questions the public wants answered. This is his call to arms. This is Russell Brand's Revolution". Provided by publisher.
Religious rituals and social norms in the making of adaptive systems : empirical and theoretical synthesis on revivals in 19th century Finland
Management possibilities for interpersonal trust in a business network. Case: health-, exercise- and wellbeing markets
The world social forum and the globalization of social movements and public spheres
Noble networks? : advocacy for global justice and the "network effect"
This collection explores conceptions and practices of democracy of social movement organizations involved in global protest. Focusing on the global justice movement this book shows how they adopt radical new democratic approaches and thus provide a fundamental critique of conventional politics.
History, memory and migration : perceptions of the past and the politics of incorporation
NGOs and social movements : a North/South divide?
Unruly masses : the other side of fin-de-siècle Vienna
Research in social movements, conflicts and change. Vol. 14, The Transformation of European communist societies
Implementation plan for an online business community - A case study in logistics
Research of the mobile LBS in China and its future strategies
Information and communication technologies in tourism 2014 : proceedings of the International Conference in Dublin, Ireland, January 21-24, 2014
Social movements : ideologies, interests, and identities
This paper presents a design case study of Yamove!, a well-received dance battle game. The primary aim for the project was to design a mobile-based play experience that enhanced in-person social interaction and connection. The game emphasized the pleasures of mutual, improvised amateur movement choreography at the center of the experience, achieved through a core mechanic of synchronized movement. The project team engaged techniques from the independent (“indie”) game development community that proved valuable in tempering the constraints to which technologically driven design can sometimes fall prey. Contributions of this work include (a) presentation and discussion of a polished digital game that embodies design knowledge about engaging players in mutual physical improvisation that is socially supported by technology, and (b) a case study of a design process influenced by indie game development that may help others interested in creating technologies that choreograph pleasurable intentional human movement in social contexts.
Migration, small municipalities and the transition in the forms of social capital
Appropriation by coloniality : TNCs, land, hegemony and resistance : the case of Botnia/UPM in Uruguay
Digital state : how the Internet is changing everything
International social movement research : a research annual. Volume 1, From structure to action : comparing social movement research across cultures
Rethinking Latin American social movements : radical action from below
The role of stakeholders in the social enterprise creation : an effectual approach
Multitude in motion : re-readings on the political philosophy of Thomas Hobbes
Globalization and social movements : Islamism, feminism, and the global justice movement
Studying collective action
Making sense of social movements
Elites in Finnish energy policy and biogas as a motor vehicle fuel
"A dream of liberty" : Constance Markievicz's vision of Ireland, 1908-1927
Social movements and violence : participation in underground organizations
Society in action : the theory of social becoming
Exploring social change
Social movements in times of austerity : bringing capitalism back into protest analysis
Struggling to reform: social movements and policy change during cycles of protest
The executive's guide to enterprise social media strategy : how social networks are radically transforming your business
Moving and jamming : implications for Social Movement Theory
Civil societies and social movements : potentials and problems
Social movements in America
Understanding the evolving diversities and originalities in rural social movements in the age of globalization
The new politics of class : social movements and cultural dynamics in advanced societies
Fat activism : a radical social movement
The dynamics of social movements : resource mobilization, social control, and tactics
International social movement research : a research annual. Volume 2, Organizing for change: social movement organizations in Europe and the United States
Essentials of strategic management
Social movements and the production of knowledge : body, practice, and society in East Asia
Barricades and boardrooms : a contemporary history of the corporate accountability movement
Waves of protest : social movements since the sixties
The global justice movement : how far does the classic social movement agenda go in explaining transnational contention?
Social networks and networking facilitating internationalization : Experiences of two Finnish fashion companies
The backyard revolution : understanding the new citizen movement
Sociology of discourse  : from institutions to social change
Democratization and social movements in Korea : defiant institutionalization
Global democracy, social movements, and feminism
Talking about food : an investigation to consumers' word-of-mouth discussions in relation to food products
Peace movements in Western Europe and the United States
Frontiers in social movement theory
The sociology of social change
ROI of social media : how to improve the return on your social marketing investment
Collaboration between professionals and citizen movements : self-help groups as an example
Is corporate social responsiblity a movement? : an introductionto social movement theories and an overview on the dynamics of CSR
Event as form of social movement advocacy : case study: Valsan Karnevaalit
Grass roots : how ordinary people are changing America
Educated people, migration and European integration
Social movements and social classes : the future of collective action
