http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15084 labour protection personnel
labour protection personnel
Do not let a needlestick get you by surprise : accident hazard : Tehy study on needlesticks and injuries that occurred due to sharp objects
Human resource management : theory and practice
A method for evaluating the load of patient transfers
The compassion fatigue workbook : creative tools for transforming compassion fatigue and vicarious traumatization
Selected readings in family nursing from the finnish perspective
Creating an employee handbook for Youth Centre Villa Elba Oy
Mental Well-being at Work : A Sign of a Healthy Organisation and a Necessary Precondition for Organisational Development
Managing Human Resources : productivity, quality of work life, profits
A management model for physical risks in the care work
Exposure to gunfire noise : some auditory and non-auditory consequences associated with disability and handicap in army officers
Accommodation and cleaning services. Vol. 2, Management
Mental well-being at work : a sign of a healthy organisation and a necessary precondition for organisational development
Snakes in suits : when psychopaths go to work
Three decades of working conditions : findings of Finnish Quality of Work Life Surveys 1977-2008
Human parvovirus infections during pregnancy : special reference to the child-care employees
The fire and EMS department safety officer
Occupational social work
Introducing human resource management
Occupational health for health care workers : A practical guide
Summary: Measures to maintain working capacity and prevent occupational disability at small workplaces in 1995-1998.
Human resource management
On the social dimension in posting of workers : reasoning on posted workers directive, wage liability, minimum wages and right to industrial action
Motivating personnel towards improved environmental management
Armstrong's handbook of human resource management practice
The purpose of this bachelor's thesis is to search for new motivating methods to be used in environmental management practises when solving those problems, that managements are facing at present in trying to put ideas into action. Solutions are looked for both management and the employees. Since environmental protection is not the only important part of the environmental management but also the relationships between management and employees have to be taken into consideration, especially the communication between these two parties improvements are made. The thesis is commissioned by the Tampere Business Campus TBC Ry and it is prepared for the companies who are participating in the environmental team arranged by the TBC Ry. The companies are expecting practical solutions, which they can use in their own environmental management systems. The most important part of this thesis project, was the interviews, which were done in the participating companies. The interviews offered a good view to the current practices of environmental management and based on these it was possible to try to develop new practices to solve the possible motivation problems. Together with the interviews some literature sources are used in the thesis. The results are summoned up in the form of this bachelor's thesis, which hopefully provide new ideas for developing the current environmental management practices. The best part of the results are those issues that came up when interviewing the employees. They give an idea to the management about the way, how the employees see the environmental issues in the companies. Hopefully all the managers, find useful information from the thesis to use in their every day work. It is also considered important that the employees would know that their opinion is important in successful environmental management. If the management and employees are working closer together as suggested in the research results then the environmental management efforts are successful.
Managing employee stress : support your staff by preventing or reducing stress in the workplace with this step-by-step guide
Mistreatment in the workplace : prevention and resolutions for managers and organizations
Human resources management
Personnel guide for a common working place
Managing people during stressful times : the psychologically defensive workplace
Workplace bullying among business professionals : prevalence, organisational antecedents and gender differences
The education and training of personnel involved in the handling and monitoring of hazardous wastes
Abstract. - Yhteenveto.
Processing puppies : an animal shelter ethnography
Managing human resources in the European tourism and hospitality industry : a strategic approach
Worker participation in occupational safety and health : a practical guide
A framework for human resource management
Help for the helper : the psychophysiology of compassion fatigue and vicarious trauma
Workplace by design : mapping the high-performance workscape
