http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15087 horror fiction
horror fiction
Miscellaneous writings of Clark Ashton Smith
A passing stranger and other stories
The book of Cthulhu : tales inspired by H. P. Lovecraft
H. P. Lovecraft. 1 : At the Mountains of Madness and other novels of terror / introduction by August Derleth: Omnibus
SFX Horror Classics
Desperation
Behemoth : seppuku
Children of the corn
Children of the vampire : the diaries of the family Dracul
Moonlight secrets
Clockwork angel
H. P. Lovecraft's Dreamlands
Destined for an early grave
"The novel opens with the Vampire world in crisis...vampires have been proliferating out of control; burnings have commenced all over the world, huge massacres similar to those carried out by Akasha in The Queen of the Damned... Old vampires, roused from slumber in the earth are doing the bidding of a Voice commanding that they indiscriminately burn vampire-mavericks in cities from Paris and Mumbai to Hong Kong, Kyoto and San Francisco. As the novel moves from present day New York and the West Coast to Ancient Egypt, fourth century Carthage, 14th century Rome, the Venice of the Renaissance, the worlds and beings of all the Vampire Chronicles--from Louis de Pointe du Lac, the eternally young Armand whose face is that of a Boticelli angel; Mekare and Maharet, Pandora and Flavius; David Talbot, vampire and ultimate fixer from the Secret Talamasca, and Marius, the true child of the Millennia; along with all the other new seductive, supernatural creatures--come together in this large, luxuriant, fiercely ambitious novel to ultimately rise up and seek out who--or what--The Voice is, and to discover the secret of what it desires and why... And, at the book's center, the seemingly absent, curiously missing hero-wanderer, the dazzling, dangerous rebel-outlaw--the great "hope" of the Undead, the dazzling Prince Lestat.." --
The supernatural tales of Sir Arthur Conan Doyle
Tales of the peculiar
The H. P. Lovecraft omnibus. 3, The haunter of the dark and other tales
The Magdalena curse
The stories of Edgar Allan Poe
Atomic age Cthulhu : mythos horror in the 1950s
Laws of the Hunt
Dark matter : [a ghost story]
Bird Box : a novel
Nightfall
Eclipse phase
Revenge of the living dummy
Saint Odd : an Odd Thomas novel
One grave at a time
Red rain
Ravenloft : players handbook : v.3.5 core campaign setting
Get in trouble : stories
A hunger like no other
Breathe : everyone has to do it
Masterpieces of terror and the supernatural : a treasury of spellbinding tales old & new
The H. P. Lovecraft omnibus. 2, Dagon and other macabre tales
My best friend's exorcism : a novel
Prey
Deeply Odd
Dark Hunter : The Red Thirst
My soul to keep
The ocean at the end of the lane : a novel
Beyond twilight : explore the hidden world of th vampires
Terrors from beyond : nightmares unraveled in six scenarios
The fireman : a novel
The struggle
Dead but not forgotten : stories from the world of Sookie Stackhouse
Haunted heart : the life and times of Stephen King
The mammoth book of best new horror. Volume nine
Something wicked this way comes
Library of souls : Miss Peregrine
Love beyond death : a storyteller's guide to gothic romance
I am Providence : the life and times of H.P. Lovecraft : volume 2
Edgar Allan Poe's Tales of death and dementia
One foot in the grave
World war Cthulhu : the darkest hour
Book of Wyrm
Misery
Buffy the vampire slayer. 3
The queen of the damned
Home improvement : undead edition
Terror by night : classic ghost and horror stories
Ravenloft : Dungeons masters guide : [a Ravenloft core rulebook]
Mummy : the resurrection
The Wordsworth book of classic horror stories
The dark and hollow places
Horrorstor : a novel
By blood we live
The werewolf megapack : 22 classic and modern tales of shape-shifters!
The compact trail of Tsathoggua
Hollow City : the second novel of Miss Peregrine's peculiar children
The Eyes of Darkness
The call of Cthulhu and other dark tales
How to write horror fiction
John dies at the end
The tooth fairy
Frankenstein collection
Horror classics
Date with death
The strange case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr Hyde
Morganville vampires omnibus ; Glass houses ; Dead girls' dance ; Midnight alley
Call of Cthulhu : keeper rulebook
Frankenstein, or, the modern Prometheus
Secrets of Kenya : the mythos roams wild
Handling the undead
Frankenstein, or, the modern Prometheus : the 1818 text
The house of R'lyeh : five scenarios based on tales by H. P. Lovecraft
"Fan favorite David Wong takes readers to a whole new level with this blistering sequel to the cult sensation John Dies at the End, soon to be a movie starring Paul Giamatti Originally released as an online serial where it received more than 70,000 downloads, John Dies at the End has been described as a "Horrortacular", an epic of "spectacular" horror that combines the laugh out loud humor of the best R-rated comedy, with the darkest terror of H.P. Lovecraft. The book went on to sell an additional 60,000 copies in all formats.As the sequel opens, we find our heroes, David and John, again embroiled in a series of horrifying yet mind-bogglingly ridiculous events caused primarily by their own gross incompetence. The guys find that books and movies about zombies may have triggered a zombie apocalypse, despite a complete lack of zombies in the world. As they race against the clock to protect humanity from its own paranoia, they must ask themselves, who are the real monsters? Actually, that would be the shape-shifting horrors secretly taking over the world behind the scenes that, in the end, make John and Dave kind of wish it had been zombies after all. Hilarious, terrifying, engaging and wrenching, This Book Is Full of Spiders, the next thrilling installment, takes us for a wild ride with two slackers from the midwest who really have better things to do with their time than prevent the apocalypse.  "--
Ghost summer : stories
Bad dreams
The gods of HP Lovecraft
A PICTORIAL HISTORY OF HORROR STORIES
Revelations
The maze of the enchanter
The dark tower. 2, The drawing of the three
Phantom of Blood Alley
The Sookie Stackhouse companion
Up from the grave
Bram Stoker : a biography of the author of Dracula
The graveyard book
Bag of bones
Southern gods
Best New Horror 3.
Zombies : a cultural history
Handed a message by a mysterious man, a young pawn shop owner embarks on a psychologically dangerous mystery that entangles her in the life of the local PTA treasurer, who helplessly watches her son's growing obsession with his absent father.
Silent but deadly
Midnight
Casting the runes and other ghost stories
Prom nights from hell
Miss Peregrine's home for peculiar children
The Bugman lives!
The cutting room : dark reflections of the silver screen
When vampires begin to disappear and rumors of a new war surface, Cat Crawfield and her vampire husband Bones are forced to align themselves with the ghoul queen of New Orleans.
New cthulhu : the recent weird
True blood and philosophy : we wanna think bad things with you
Books of blood. Volumes 4-6
The bazaar of bad dreams : stories
The beautiful ashes
Swift to chase
Gothic romanced : consumption, gender and technology in contemporary fictions
The dark tower. [1], The gunslinger
Laws of the Hunt : players guide
Masks of Nyarlathotep
Conspiracy of shadows
The new annotated Dracula
Laws of Elysium
The best of H.P. Lovecraft : tales that truly terrify from the master of horror
The H. P. Lovecraft omnibus. 1, At the mountains of madness and other novels of terror
Zombies : a record of the year of infection
The queen of zombie hearts
The living blood
The best of H. P. Lovecraft
It
Demonic texts and textual demons : the demonic tradition, the self, and popular fiction
The door to Saturn
The boy who ate Fear Street
Dark needs at night's edge
Shadow souls
The terror : a novel
Edgar Huntly, or, Memoirs of a sleep-walker
Chapel of bones
From Anne Rice, conjurer of the beloved best sellers Interview with the Vampire and Prince Lestat, an ambitious and exhilarating new novel of utopian vision and power   "In my dreams, I saw a city fall into the sea. I heard the cries of thousands. I saw flames that outshone the lamps of heaven. And all the world was shaken."--Anne Rice, Prince Lestat and the Realms of Atlantis    At the novel's center: the vampire Lestat de Lioncourt, hero, leader, inspirer, irresistible force, irrepressible spirit, battling (and ultimately reconciling with) a strange otherworldly form that has somehow taken possession of Lestat's undead body and soul. This ancient and mysterious power and unearthly spirit of vampire lore has all the force, history, and insidious reach of the unknowable Universe.  It is through this spirit, previously considered benign for thousands of vampire years and throughout the Vampire Chronicles, that we come to be told the hypnotic tale of a great sea power of ancient times; a mysterious heaven on earth situated on a boundless continent--and of how and why, and in what manner and with what far-reaching purpose, this force came to build and rule the great legendary empire of centuries ago that thrived in the Atlantic Ocean.  And as we learn of the mighty, far-reaching powers and perfections of this lost kingdom of Atalantaya, the lost realms of Atlantis, we come to understand its secrets, and how and why the vampire Lestat, indeed all the vampires, must reckon so many millennia later with the terrifying force of this ageless, all-powerful Atalantaya spirit.
The call of Cthulhu and other weird tales
The Gods of H.P. Lovecraft: a brand new anthology that collects the twelve principal deities of the Lovecraftian Mythos and sets them loose within its pages. Featuring the biggest names in horror and dark fantasy, including many New York Times bestsellers, full of original fiction and artwork, and individual commentary on each of the deities by Donald Tyson. Lovecraft's bestiary of gods has had a major influence on the horror scene from the time these sacred names were first evoked. Cthulhu, Azathoth, Nyarlathotep, Yog-Sothoth--this pantheon of the horrific calls to mind the very worst of cosmic nightmares and the very darkest signs of human nature. The Gods of H.P. Lovecraft brings together twelve all-new Mythos tales from:Cthulhu (Adam Nevill)Yog-Sothoth (Martha Wells)Azathoth (Laird Barron)Nyarlathotep (Bentley Little)Shub-Niggurath (David Liss)Tsathoggua (Brett Talley)The Mi-Go (Christopher Golden & James A. Moore)Night-gaunts (Jonathan Maberry)Elder Things (Joe Lansdale)Great Race (Rachel Caine)Yig (Douglas Wynne)The Deep Ones (Seanan McGuire)
Tales of horror
Twilight and philosophy : vampires, vegetarians, and the pursuit of immortality
Through the zombie glass
The regulators
Wolfsbane and Mistletoe : hair-rising holiday tales
Crimes by Moonlight
Wicked deeds on a winter's night
The middle toe of the right foot
Gothick origins and innovations
Cat out of hell
The secret of Crickley Hall
The New Year's party
I am Providence : the life and times of H.P. Lovecraft : volume 1
Creepy Caves
"Originally released as an online serial where it received more than 70,000 downloads, John Dies at the End has been described as a "Horrortacular", an epic of "spectacular" horror that combines the laugh out loud humor of the best R-rated comedy, with the darkest terror of H.P. Lovecraft. The book went on to sell an additional 60,000 copies in all formats. As the sequel opens, we find our heroes, David and John, again embroiled in a series of horrifying yet mind-bogglingly ridiculous events caused primarily by their own gross incompetence. The guys find that books and movies about zombies may have triggered a zombie apocalypse, despite a complete lack of zombies in the world. As they race against the clock to protect humanity from its own paranoia, they must ask themselves, who are the real monsters? Actually, that would be the shape-shifting horrors secretly taking over the world behind the scenes that, in the end, make John and Dave kind of wish it had been zombies after all. Hilarious, terrifying, engaging and wrenching, This Book Is Full of Spiders, the next thrilling installment, takes us for a wild ride with two slackers from the midwest who really have better things to do with their time than prevent the apocalypse. "--
The Haunting hour
CthulhuTech : [core book
Prince Lestat and the realms of Atlantis
Call of Cthulhu : investigator handbook
This side of the grave
Gothic horror : a guide for students and readers
The Summoning
Clockwork prince
The exorcist
Phantoms
The awakening
Dark Hunter : The Marsh Demon
The last hieroglyph
Trigger warning : short fictions and disturbances
Every other day
The strange case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde
Servant of the bones
Call of Cthulhu : roleplaying game
Evernight
Welcome to Night Vale
A pictorial history of horror stories
Werewolf : the apocalypse : a storytelling game of savage horror
GURPS : horror
The end of the story
Doctor Sleep
Sherlock Holmes and the plague of Dracula
Steadfast : a Spellcaster novel
This book is full of spiders : seriously, dude, don't touch it
Halfway to the grave
Hammers on bone
The shrinking man
Sisters of the revolution : a feminist speculative fiction anthology
Icebound
Shadow bringer
Out of time
Speed Freaks
Vittorio, the vampire : new tales of the vampires
At grave's end : a night huntress novel
Behemoth : B-Max
The Hound of the Baskervilles
The fury
