http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15008 private hospitals
private hospitals
The sixth man
Laulava salapoliisi = The singing detective
Mother of invention : how the government created free-market health care
The spectacular finale to the New York Times bestselling trilogy that began with Mr. Mercedes (winner of the Edgar Award) and Finders Keepers--In End of Watch, the diabolical "Mercedes Killer" drives his enemies to suicide, and if Bill Hodges and Holly Gibney don't figure out a way to stop him, they'll be victims themselves. In Room 217 of the Lakes Region Traumatic Brain Injury Clinic, something has awakened. Something evil. Brady Hartsfield, perpetrator of the Mercedes Massacre, where eight people were killed and many more were badly injured, has been in the clinic for five years, in a vegetative state. According to his doctors, anything approaching a complete recovery is unlikely. But behind the drool and stare, Brady is awake, and in possession of deadly new powers that allow him to wreak unimaginable havoc without ever leaving his hospital room. Retired police detective Bill Hodges, the unlikely hero of Mr. Mercedes and Finders Keepers, now runs an investigation agency with his partner, Holly Gibney--the woman who delivered the blow to Hartsfield's head that put him on the brain injury ward. When Bill and Holly are called to a suicide scene with ties to the Mercedes Massacre, they find themselves pulled into their most dangerous case yet, one that will put their lives at risk, as well as those of Bill's heroic young friend Jerome Robinson and his teenage sister, Barbara. Brady Hartsfield is back, and planning revenge not just on Hodges and his friends, but on an entire city.  In End of Watch, Stephen King brings the Hodges trilogy to a sublimely terrifying conclusion, combining the detective fiction of Mr. Mercedes and Finders Keepers with the heart-pounding, supernatural suspense that has been his bestselling trademark. The result is an unnerving look at human vulnerability and chilling suspense. No one does it better than King.
Communication accommodation between healthcare providers at a private hospital in England : how does identity talk?
Brand image of a company providing aesthetic surgery services
The private patient
Social equity in the use of hospital inpatient care in Finland
End of watch : a novel
The prisoner of Brenda
The Wollstonecraft detectives Mary and Ada tackle their second case, this time involving a horrible hospital, a missing will, a hasty engagement and a client who can't be trusted.
The women of Baker Street
As Sherlock and Watson return from the famous Hound of the Baskervilles case, Mrs Hudson and Mary must face their own Hound, in the swirling fog of Victorian London ...When Mrs Hudson falls ill, she is taken into a private ward at St Barts hospital. Perhaps it is her over-active imagination, or her penchant for sniffing out secrets, but as she lies in her bed, slowly recovering, she finds herself surrounded by patients who all have some skeletons in their closets. A higher number of deaths than usual seem to occur on this ward. On her very first night, Mrs Hudson believes she witnesses a murder. But was it real, or just smoke and mirrors? Mary Watson meanwhile has heard about young boys disappearing across London, and is determined to find them and reunite them with their families. As the women's investigations collide in unexpected ways, a gruesome discovery in Regent's Park leads them on to a new, terrifying case.
The good husband of Zebra Drive
The case of the girl in grey
The objective of the thesis was to research the brand image of an aesthetic surgery provider (private hospital) among women aged 25-75 years old living in the Suur-Helsinki area. The intention was to find out how well people are aware of this service provider, what kind of values and personality treats are linked to it and how relevant it is to the study's target group. The theoretical framework was formed from the concepts of brand, brand image and its' elements and formation, services and purchase process of services. The central topics in relation to the aesthetic service provider's brand image this study are awareness, relevance, trust, values, personality traits and future intentions. The study was conducted in the form of an Internet-based e-mail questionnaire, which was sent to 22 000 potential respondents through MTV3's service called Sähköpostisuora. The total number of respondents was 1750. The research methodology was quantitative. The results indicated that respondents were well aware of the company and that they would consider it as a service provider if they were thinking about using aesthetic surgery services. The personality traits and qualities linked to the service provider were generally positive, but the data indicated as well that there is a large number of people who do not have any type of image about the service provider. In conclusion, the service provider has a good position in the market, but they might consider targeting marketing efforts more efficiently to over 45 years olds, as they seem to be a bit less aware of the service provider. Also bringing service providers values and competitive advantages more clearly forth in their advertising and other marketing could be a good idea for the target group to be able to form a clear image of the company.
