http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15081 socioeconomics
socioeconomics
Reader's guide to the social sciences
International encyclopedia of the social & behavioral sciences. Volume 20, REV - SER
A system of social science : papers relating to Adam Smith
Choice and consequence
International encyclopedia of the social & behavioral sciences. Volume 16, NEW - PER
Twenty-First Century Economics
Introductory statistics for business and economics
The future
Non-natural social science : reflecting on the enterprise o
The economic approach to social policy
International encyclopedia of the social & behavioral sciences. Volume 13, LE - MAO
Re-forming capitalism : institutional change in the German political economy
"A significantly revised new edition of this authoritative reference volume which traces the historical evolution of cultural geography through to the very latest research".
Incentives in social insurance
Comparing welfare capitalism : social policy and political economy in Europe, Japan and the USA
Careful economics : integrating caring activities and economic science
Mathematics in the social sciences and other essays
The road to China's prosperity in the next three decades
A geography of China
International encyclopedia of the social & behavioral sciences. Volume 2, ARE - B
Geography matters! : a reader
No wealth but life : welfare economics and the welfare state in Britain, 1880-1945
Applied calculus : for business, social sciences, and life sciences
The book of international lists : how the countries of the world compare
A course in behavioral economics
International encyclopedia of the social & behavioral sciences. Volume 9, FOR - G
Statistics, public debate and the state, 1800-1945 : a social, political and intellectual history of numbers
In defense of chaos : yhe chaology of politics, economics and human action
Beyond welfare capitalism : issues, actors and forces in societal change
The economics of social problems
Handbook of social economics. Vol. 1
The birth of biopolitics : lectures at the Collège de France, 1978-1979
Projections of population, education, labour supply and public pension benefits : analyses with the dynamic microsimulation model MOSART
The Elgar companion to social economics
International encyclopedia of the social & behavioral sciences. Volume 25, NAME INDEX
The humanization of the social sciences
International encyclopedia of the social & behavioral sciences. Volume 4, COH - COU
Social capital versus social theory : political economy and social science at the turn of the millennium
International encyclopedia of the social & behavioral sciences. Volume 26, SUBJECT INDEX
The economy of esteem : an essay on civil and political society
Debunking economics : the naked emperor dethroned?
International encyclopedia of the social & behavioral sciences. Volume 3, C - COG
International encyclopedia of the social & behavioral sciences. Volume 11, I - INT
International encyclopedia of the social & behavioral sciences. Volume 5, CR - DEU
Essential writings of Karl Marx
The economics of social policy
Social marketing casebook
International encyclopedia of the social & behavioral sciences. Volume 18, PRI - Q
International encyclopedia of the social & behavioral sciences. Volume 14, MAR - MIN
International encyclopedia of the social & behavioral sciences. Volume 7, EFF - EV
The Wiley-Blackwell companion to cultural geography
International encyclopedia of the social & behavioral sciences. Volume 15, MIS - NEU
Environmental and resource economics : an introduction
Handbook of social choice and welfare . Vol. 2
The essential writings of Thorstein Veblen
Reader's guide to the social sciences. 2
Handbook of social choice and welfare. Vol. 1 [Elektronisk resurs]
A geography of Russia and its neighbors
International encyclopedia of the social & behavioral sciences. Volume 10, H
EESC info
Bibliography of European economic and social history
Economics in the shadows of Darwin and Marx : essays on institutional and evolutionary themes
Debunking Economics exposes what many non-economists may have suspected and a minority of economists have long known: that economic theory is not only unpalatable, but also plain wrong. When the original Debunking was published back in 2001, the market economy seemed invincible, and conventional 'neoclassical' economic theory basked in the limelight. Steve Keen argued that economists deserved none of the credit for the economy's performance, and 'The false confidence it has engendered in the stability of the market economy has encouraged policy-makers to dismantle some of the institutions which initially evolved to try to keep its instability within limits'. That instability exploded with the devastating financial crisis of 2007, and now haunts the global economy with the prospect of another Depression.
Abstract (s. 4).
International encyclopedia of the social & behavioral sciences. Volume 6, DEV - EDU
Mathematical methods in dynamic economics
International encyclopedia of the social & behavioral sciences. Volume 21, SET- SOM
International encyclopedia of the social & behavioral sciences. Volume 23, SY - UNO
Economy's tension : the dialectics of community and market
Rational choice theory and organizational theory : a critique
Social democracy and rational choice : the Scandinavian experience and beyond
Medicoeconomics : human well-being and economic welfare : research papers
Adapt and thrive : the sustainable revolution
International encyclopedia of the social & behavioral sciences. Volume 19, R - RET
Applied mathematics for business, economics and social sciences
International encyclopedia of the social & behavioral sciences. Volume 12, INV - LA
Statistical yearbook
International encyclopedia of the social & behavioral sciences. Volume 8, EX - FOO
This comprehensive second edition of The Elgar Companion to Social Economics presents an overview of a dynamic and growing field in economics that emphasizes the key role that values play in the economy and in economic life. Social economics treats the economy and economics as being embedded in the larger web of social and ethical relationships. It also regards economics and ethics as essentially connected, and adds values such as justice, fairness, dignity, well-being, freedom and equality to the standard emphasis on efficiency. Leading contributors in the field elucidate a wide range of recent developments across different subject areas and topics. Contributors map the likely trends and directions of future research, making this second edition of the Companion a leading reference source and guide to social economics for many years to come. Providing concise discussion and an indication of what to expect in future decades, this interdisciplinary Companion will be of great interest to students and academics of social economics and socio-economics, as well as institutional, evolutionary and heterodox economics.It will also appeal to management scholars and those concerned with business ethics.
Understanding the social economy, social capital and the third sector
Inequality : essays on the political economy of social welfare
Behavioral economics and its applications
The Mediterranean : and the Mediterranean world in the age of Philip II. Vol. 2
Economics for social workers : the application of economic theory to social policy and the human services
Student's solutions manual to accompany Budnick : applied mathematics for business, economics, and the social sciences
Debunking economics : the naked emperor of the social sciences
From poverty economics to global social policy : a sociology of aid for poverty reduction
An introduction to human geography
International encyclopedia of the social & behavioral sciences. Volume 22, SOU - SU
Teaching the social economics way of thinking : selected papers from the Ninth World Congress of Social Economics
The Wiley-Blackwell companion to economic geography
International encyclopedia of the social & behavioral sciences. Volume 24, UR - Z
International encyclopedia of the social & behavioral sciences. Volume 17, PES - PRE
Social security in Finland
Essays on dynamic political economy
The future : six drivers of global change
The political economy of pensions : political support and scope for reform
Essays on household finance
Research methodology : a guide for researchers in management and social sciences
