http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15051 North Pole
North Pole
The expedition : a love story : solving the mystery of a polar tragedy
Race to the north pole
Say hello to the snowy animals
The ice balloon : one man's dramatic attempt to discover the North Pole by balloon
Hunters of the Polar North : the Eskimos
General Umberto Nobile's contribution to Polar exploration
Around the poles
Did he reach the Pole? : commander Robert E. Peary
The shipwreck
Frederick Cook's polar journey : a reconstruction
My polar animals journal : in search of polar bears, penguins, whales and seals
Polar bears : wildlife paradise
Polar exploration : a practical handbook for North and South Pole expeditions
Frozen planet : a world beyond imagination
In the mid-nineteenth century the North Pole was a mystery. Explorers who tried to penetrate the real icy wastes failed or died. But after Sir John Franklin disappeared with all his men in 1845, serious efforts began to be made to find the true Northernmost point of the globe. The new explorers included Elisha Kane, a sickly man and useless commander, who led his team close to death in 1854, and Charles Hall, a printer from Ohio. Hall made the mistake of taking an experienced crew, who refused to commit suicide for him. Their mutiny so enraged Hall that he died of a stroke, and some of his crew escaped south on an ice-floe. They were followed by the Germans, newly united and eager for their place in the ice, the Austro-Hungarians, and the British, who in 1876 managed to get further than any other expedition, travelling over terrain later explorers considered impassable. They left the field to the Norwegians, to expeditions organized by the American tabloid press, Swedish baloonists, aristocratic Italians and finally to the obsessive Robert Peary, who on one trip took his pregnant wife with him in order to set a record for the most northerly birth in history. He finally made it in 1909.
How to get to the North Pole ...and other iconic adventures
The magnetic north : notes from the Arctic Circle
The ice bear
The vanishing Arctic
To the Arctic!
Zoe's Christmas list
I may be some time : ice and the English imagination
Narrative of the voyage of H. M. S. Herald during the years 1845-51 : under the command of Captain Henry Kellett... being a circumnavigation of the globe, and three cruizes to the Artic regions in search of Sir John Franklin
The North Pole was here : one man's exploration of the top of the world
Ice is nice!
It’s the beginning of the 20th century and North Pole is yet to be conquered by man. Several teams are on the mission at once. The competition is harsh and the arctic is merciless. Which team will be the sole survivor and be remembered always as bold conquerors?
Ultima thule : explores and natives in the polar north
North pole, south pole
By airship to the North Pole : an archaeology of human exploration
The explorer's daughter : a young Englishwoman rediscovers her arctic childhood
Travels to the ends of the earth : the far north and south depicted in paintings, poems, photographs and stories
On the behaviour of tropospheric and stratospheric ozone in Northern Europe and in Antarctica 1987-90
The polar express
The world of the polar bear
Deception point
The North Pole
Tundra ecosystems : a comparative analysis
Soviet strategic interests in the North
Together to the Poles : to those who are on the way to their own poles
Ship-based polar tourism in the Northeast Passage : a case study
Polar Bears
Permafrost in our time : community-based permafrost temperature archive
The long silent night ;  A Jack Frost mystery
Polar exploration
Arctic : around the clock with the animals of the Arctic
Land-atmosphere exchange of carbon in a high-Arctic wet tundra ecosystem
The Arctic
From oral tradition to rap : literatures of the Polar North
Vanishing world : the endangered arctic
The Amundsen photographs
To the Pole : the diary and notebook of Richard E. Byrd, 1925-1927
Sisältää myös Making of -dokumentteja.
Realm of the great white bear
Cold : extreme adventures at the lowest temperatures on earth
Ice station Zebra
North Pole - Arctic challenge : Finnish North Pole expedition 2006
Where eagles dare ; Ice station Zebra
Collins children's world atlas
The last imaginary place : a human history of the Arctic world
Cold : extreme adventures at the lowest temperatures on Earth
True north : Peary, Cook and the race to the pole
1421 : the year China discovered the world
Blanche and Rocky
The aim of this book, a collection of essays that emerged as the result of a literary project as part of the fourth International Polar Year, is to provide a sorely needed guide to the literary histories of the Arctic. It is in part a reaction to what the editors note as a lack of knowledge about the literature of the region even among students and researchers from within the region itself, with the aim to counteract this by creating a basis for comparison: a new space where new angles and perspectives might arise . The essays take the reader on a literary journey from the Nordic region to North America and continuing to Siberia. The essays cross ethnic and national boundaries—while maintaining distinctly national sections—in an exploration of oral tradition and literature. In producing a survey of the literary histories of the Arctic, the collection explores what triggers the need for written literature; in what circumstances and forms oral literature is maintained; and the interactions between oral and written traditions.
The state of the poles : climate lessons from the International Polar Year
Molecular and isotopic characterization of terrestrial organic carbon released to (sub-)Arctic coastal waters
"The Permafrost/Active Layer Monitoring Program is an ongoing project that builds on work begun in 2005 to establish long-term permafrost and active layer monitoring sites adjacent to schools in Alaska and in the circumpolar permafrost region (Russia, Norway, China, Mongolia, Japan, Canada and Greenland). Over three hundred schools (red dots in globe) are involved in the project. The monitoring sites collect temperature measurement data on permafrost and the length and depth of the active layer. This information is important because changes in permafrost conditions affect local ecosystems and hydrological regimes, and can influence the severity on natural disasters"--page 4 of cover.
Ice bound
Julius Payer - Záliv smrti = Starvation Cove : Malá dvorana Veletrzního paláce = Small Hall of Veletrzní Palace, 25.11.2005 - 19.2.2006 / vystavu porádají Národní galerie v Praze a Rakouské kulturní fórum v Praze = the exhibition is organized by the National Gallery in Prague and the Austrian Cultural Forum Prague ; text: Ondrej Chrobák
The expedition : solving the mystery of a polar tragedy
Encountering the changing Barents : research challenges and opportunities
Northern waters : security and resource issues
Bottom trawling and scallop dredging in the Arctic : impacts of fishing on non-target species, vulnerable habitats and cultural heritage
March of the dinosaurs
Legal problems in the Arctic regions
Ninety degrees North : the quest for the North Pole
A is for arctic : natural wonders of a polar world
Do we need the South? : perspectives on the Northern environment
On top of the world : the Soviet expedition to the North Pole 1937-1938
My life as an explorer
Grazing research at northern latitudes
