http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15085 expertise
expertise
Body of work : finding the thread that ties your story together
Abstract.
The construction of supervision and physiotherapy expertise : a qualitative study of physiotherapy students' learning sessions in clinical education
Scaling up excellence : getting to more without settling for less
Link 15 Ground System maintenance plan
Talent is overrated : what really separates world-class performers from everybody else
Exploring education and childhood : from current certainties to new visions
Expert identity in development of core-task-oriented working practices for mastering demanding situations
Developing complex user interface for divergent users
Human rights in action
Professionalism in physical therapy : history, practice, & development
Sell in good company : social capital as a strategic tool in the fine art auction business
Finnish summary.
Expertise and decision making among clinicians in investigations of alleged child sexual abuse
Speed in acquiring the knowledge and skills to perform tasks is crucial. Yet, it still ordinarily takes many years to achieve high proficiency in countless jobs and professions, in government, business, industry, and throughout the private sector. There would be great advantages if regimens of training could be established that could accelerate the achievement of high levels of proficiency. This book discusses the construct of 'accelerated learning.' It includes a review of the research literature on learning acquisition and retention, focus on establishing what works, and why. This includes several demonstrations of accelerated learning, with specific ideas, plans and roadmaps for doing so. The impetus for the book was a tasking from the Defense Science and Technology Advisory Group, which is the top level Science and Technology policy-making panel in the Department of Defense. However, the book uses both military and non-military exemplar case studies. It is likely that methods for acceleration will leverage technologies and capabilities including virtual training, cross-training, training across strategic and tactical levels, and training for resilience and adaptivity.
Marketing the professional services firm : applying the principles and the science of marketing to the professions
"In this provocative new book Harry Collins seeks to redeem scientific expertise, and reasserts science's special status. Despite the messy realities of day-to-day scientific endeavour, he emphasizes the superior moral qualities of science, dismissing the dubious 'default' expertise displayed by many of those outside the scientific community."--P. [4] of cover.
Expertise in regulation and law
Mentoring at work : developmental relationships in organizational life
"Education has become dominated by testing, standards, interventions, strategies and political policy. Yet while elements such as these are important, Exploring Education and Childhood contends it is childhood - including its sociology and psychology - that is the vital holistic context for teaching and learning. Written by a team of specialists who bring experience of classroom teaching, teacher training, and of rigorous research and scholarship, each chapter examines a topic that is of vital importance to teaching and the work of teachers. The book explores examples of educational practice that illuminate contemporary problems and future possibilities for education; develops educational theory to better understand practice and policy; and critically evaluates education policy in the international context. With an emphasis on reflection and deep thinking - something that all the best teachers are able to do - key issues in the book include: - the voice of the child - metacognitive strategies - agency, pedagogy and curriculum - performativity, standards, and school readiness - educational settings and new technology - teacher expertise and agency - diversity and child agency - families, society and school choice. Illustrated with powerful examples of practice, together with key questions for reflection and further reading, Exploring Education and Childhood challenges education professionals, policy makers, and all people with an interest in education to envision a new future. It will be essential reading for all student teachers and teachers, and is particularly appropriate for Masters-level research, professional studies and Education Studies"--
Joy and struggle for renewal : a narrative inquiry into expertise in job transitions
Building effective evaluation capacity : lessons from practice
Expertise and skills acquisition : the impact of William G. Chase
Expertise at work
Handbook of competence and motivation
Curriculum process in physiotherapy
Outcome assessment in advanced practice nursing
Understanding expertise : a multi-disciplinary approach
Development of professional expertise : toward measurement of expert performance and design of optimal learning environments
Risk savvy : how to make good decisions
To survive, you have to adjust : study abroad as a process of learning intercultural competence in nursing
Stand out : how to find your breakthrough idea and build a following around it
Toward a general theory of expertise : prospects and limits
How do early childhood education teachers perceive their expertise? : a qualitative study of child care providers in Lapland, Finland
Expertise and relevancy perceptions : how product development experts and novices differ in design brief interpretations
Practice knowledge and expertise in the health professions
Coming to terms with reality
Focusing specifically on the role expertise has played in the support, legitimation, and growth of the state since early modern times, this work reveals how scientific expertise and practical knowledge were crucial to the construction of early modern empires and economies.
Sharing expertise in teacher education
Expansion of expertise in the governance of science and technology
Migration for development in the Horn of Africa : health expertise from the Somali diaspora in Finland
Expertise in physical therapy practice
Students three ways to learn to be physiotherapy experts
Educational innovation in economics and business. 7, Educating knowledge workers for corporate leadership : learning into future
Improving the effectiveness of supply chain development work : an expert role perspective
Accelerated expertise : training for high proficiency in a complex world
In search of lost postmodern - descriptions of school social work expertise in official documents : a rhetorical discourse analytic approach
Expertise in context : human and machine
Changing world : changing pedagogy
Class politics in the information age
Folia in memoriam Ruth Lindner collecta
Advanced practice nursing : core concepts for professional role development
"These days it's increasingly rare to have a stable career in any field. More and more of us are blending big company jobs, startup gigs, freelance work, and volunteer side projects. We take chances to expand our knowledge, capabilities, and experience. But how do we make sense of that kind of career-and explain it? Pamela Slim, the acclaimed author of Escape from Cubicle Nation, gives us the tools to have meaningful careers in this new world of work. She shows how to find the connections among diverse accomplishments, sell your story, and continually reinvent and relaunch your brand"--
Information alchemy : the art and science of knowledge management
Collective intelligence : one of the next big things
The eye of the connoisseur : authenticating paintings by Rembrandt and his contemporaries / Anna Tummers
Exploring the practice of human resource development as a field of professional expertise
Experts or good educators - or both? : the development of early childhood educators' expertise in Finland
Art forgery : the history of a modern obsession
Essential midwifery practice. Leadership, expertise and collaborative working
At the Roots of Finnish Cultural Policy: Intellectuals, Nationalism, and the Arts
Training Chinese administrative officials in Finland and its relevance to Finnish "China strategies" [Elektroninen aineisto]
Sustainable thought leadership : how to build awareness and credibilty to support business
Abstract: "Me, an expert?" : constructing the meaning perspective and identity of an expert in the field of early childhood eduvation.
Adventures in Aidland : the anthropology of professionals in international development
Teacher education as a promoter of innovative learning in vocational institutions
From personal to collective expertise in forensic fingerprint investigation : training, decision-making, and identification processes in fingerprints : research plan
Dimensions of expertise in family therapeutic process
Collection and use of expertise by the Commission : principles and guidelines
Reflective competence
Boundary crossings in vocational teacher education
Export of Education by Finnish Universities of Applied Sciences : Reflections on best practices
Preparing for performance: an examination of musical practice as a function of expertise
From junior to senior expert : development and career paths for experts in central government
Clinical nurse specialist role in Finnish health care
The expertise of early childhood educators
Nurses' readiness for evidence-based practice : implementing the paradigm shift of transforming evidence for clinical practice
Are we all scientific experts now?
University students' regulation of learning and text processing : examples from medical and teacher education
Managing knowledge
The consulting process in action
Expertise : practical knowledge and the early modern state
Lay perspectives : "lay" and "expert" health knowledge : from hierarchy to equality
The nature of security and risk in complex socio-technical systems : a partial application of Critical Systems Heuristics (CSH) to Finnish Security Strategy for Society (YTS)
Elites in Finnish energy policy and biogas as a motor vehicle fuel
Experts or good educators - or both? : the development of early childhood educators
Exhibiting authenticity
Lapland's arctic specialisation programme
Architect as intermediary : towards open source practice
Management in social work
Trialogical knowledge construction : the use of boundary object in multiprofessional negotiation
Knowledge workers in the information society : evidence from Finland
Academic portfolio as a tool
Values and stances towards expert knowledge
The development of expertise in information systems design
A comment : multidimensionaly of professionalization
Effects of users' domain expertise in designing special purpose software
Decision-making in corporate lending : the use of information in bank loan context
Explores the prevalence of art forgery in the Middle Ages, when the issue of false relics and miracles often arose. This title examines the work and attitude of modern master forgers including Eric Hebborn, Thomas Keating and Han van Meegeren, whose productions baffled the art world during their time.
Digital portfolios as a means to share and develop expertise
Bridging academic and working life expertise in continuing professional education : a social network perspective
Towards vocational top expertise
The nature of expertise
Expertise by experience, participation and wellbeing : exploring participation and wellbeing with experts by experience of EHJÄ ry's Omilleen-toiminta unit
The social psychology of expertise : case studies in research, professional domains, and expert roles
State of logistics in the Baltic Sea region : survey results from eight countries
The psychologist as expert witness
Preparing for an interpreting assignment : an element of an interpreter's expertise
Eliciting and analyzing expert judgement : a practical guide
Advanced nursing practice : nurse consultant : a systematic literature review
Participatory approaches to foresight and priority-setting in innovation networks
Keeping up expert appearances : an analysis of the textual construction of expertise in the debate on global warming
Expanding expertise in science and technology decision making
Transformative practice : new pathways to leadership
BBA students' opinions about their motivation to pursue to management level
Expert or novice ? : a self-reflective study of subtitling expertise
Signalling competence : social status and occupational prestige of translators and translation
Summary.
"A guide to becoming a recognized expert in your field. Too many people believe that if they keep their heads down and work hard, they will be lauded as experts on the merits of their work. But that's simply not true anymore. To make a name for yourself, you have to capitalize on your unique perspective and knowledge and inspire others to listen and take action. But becoming a "thought leader" is a mysterious and opaque process. Where do the ideas come from, and how do they get noticed? Dorie Clark explains how to identify the ideas that set you apart and promote them successfully. The key is to recognize your own value, cultivate your expertise, and put yourself out there. Featuring vivid examples and drawing on interviews with Seth Godin, Robert Cialdini, and other thought leaders, Clark teaches readers how to develop a big idea, leverage existing affiliations, and build a community of followers. She offers not mere self-promotion, but an opportunity to change the world for the better while giving you the ultimate job insurance"--
The making of international professionals : intercultural competence as a part of curriculum in the vocational qualification in business and administration international programme of Oulu Vocational College
A Period abroad : Does it produce any additional value to business studies at North Karelia Polytechnic?
In examining questions like these, Professor Fernand Gobet provides a comprehensive overview of the field of expertise. With research from a wide range of disciplines, including psychology, neuroscience, sociology, philosophy, education, law and artificial intelligence, this is the definitive guide to the subject.
Abstract: The debate over expertice in cultural policy.
Towards Well-Being at School with Integrative Pedagogy
Expertise in health care and medication
Contemporary social work : an introduction to social work and social welfare
The strategy process : a practical handbook for implementation in business
Communities of networked expertise : professional and educational perspectives
The road to exceptional expertise and success : a study of the collective creativity of five multiple olympic gold medalists
Knowing in firms : understanding, managing and measuring knowledge
Professional expertise : practice, theory, and education for working in uncertainty
