http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15050 donkeys
donkeys
International trade and production networks  : Comparisons of China and greater China versus India and South Asia
Wild by nature : from Siberia to Australia, three years alone in the wilderness on foot
Controlling borderlands? : new perspectives on state peripheries in southern Central Asia and northern Afghanistan
China focus
PhD study on disability and international intervention in Central Asia
Gaysia : adventures in the queer east
Investment contracts and sustainable development : how to make contracts for fairer and more sustainable natural resource investment
The India phenomenom and Finland : backround study for Sitra ́s India programme
Rural financial services and effects of microfinance on agricultural productivity and on poverty
This volume offers comprehensive 'state-of-the-art' overviews of educational policies concerning the teaching of English in a large number of Asian countries. Each contribution is written by a leading expert and gives a clear assessment of current policies and future trends. Starting with a description of the English education policies in the respective countries, the contributors then delve into the 'nuts and bolts' of the English education policies and how they play out in practice in the education system, in schools, in the curriculum, and in teaching. Topics covered include the balance between the acquisition of English and the national language, political, cultural, economic and technical factors that strengthen or weaken the learning of English.
Asia in US
China law : Chinese & English quarterly
Taxonomic corrections and new records in vascular plants of Kyrgyzstan, 3.
A process-based growth model for the grass stage pine seedlings
Medical tourism
Causes of the 1997 Asian financial crisis : what can an early warning system model tell us?
Spanish steps : travels with my donkey
The Asian insider : unconventional wisdom for Asian business
Redefining financial services
The Taste Preferences of Finnish People Towards Southeast Asian Food  : The Case of Vietnamese Food and Thai Food
Ethnic identities are affected by social changes which force identities, their meanings, and cultural markers connected to them to be adapted to new situations. Among the highland peoples of Southeast Asia in recent decades, the degree of change has been remarkable, encompassing both economic and political transformation, and increased impact and cultural influence from majority populations. As a result, in one of the smaller upland groups of southwestern China, northern Thailand, Laos and central Myanmar—the Akeu—symbols of ethnicity which are related to traditions and outer appearance are losing their significance, while certain selected traditions are still appreciated and are undergoing modification to fit them to new circumstances. Language remains an important marker of Akeu ethnicity. Akeu identity used to carry meanings of illiteracy, poverty, and low status and, as language remains an important marker of Akeu ethnicity, newly invented writing in the Akeu language has become an important means both to preserve oral traditions and to empower the meaning of Akeu identity. However, their developing appreciation of literacy furthers their integration into the nation state and Western-oriented urban cultures.
Abstract 3 1 Introduction 4 2 Chinese trade in parts and components 5 3 Indian and South Asian trade in parts and components 7 4 Conclusion 9 Reference 10  .
New conditions for growth in Russia
Big in Asia : 25 strategies for business success
Analysis of the relation between rural poverty, malnutrition and hunger, and the interlinks with agricultural production growth and productivity growth with special reference to Mozambique and Bangladesh
Finnish customers'beverage choice and the potential of Vietnamese wine in Finland
Measuring efficiency of macro systems : an application to millennium development goal attainment
The journal of comparative Asian development
Asian traditional theatre and dance
Hanxue yanjiu tongxun = Newsletter for research in Chinese studies
Launching Avant Compact Multi-functional Loaders in Southeast Asia  : Golf, Construction, Landscaping and Property Maintenance Industries
Hooliganism in the shadow of the 9/11 terrorist attack and the tsunami : do police reduce group violence?
The many faces of responsibility : acceptability of the industry in various societies
Amber's donkey : how a donkey and a little girl healed each other
South-North dialogue in Korea
A series of notes on distribution, taxonomy and nomenclature of some vascular plants in Kyrgyzstan is presented. Two new hybrids (Delphinium × pskemense Sennikov & Lazkov, Perovskia × intermedia Lazkov) are described. The variety Rhinactinidia limoniifolia var. brachyglossa Lazkov & Sennikov and forma Rubus praecox Bertol. f. rutiliflorus H.E.Weber & Sennikov are described for unusual morphotypes of these species. Five transfers from Pyrethrum to Richteria (R. brachanthemoides (Kamelin & Lazkov) Sennikov, R. neglecta (Tzvelev) Sennikov, R. sovetkinae (Kovalevsk.) Sennikov, R. sussamyrensis (Lazkov) Sennikov, R. sect. Trichanthemopsis (Tzvelev) Sennikov) are proposed in conformity with the phylogeny of Anthemideae....
Hooliganism in the shadow of the 9/11 terrorist attack and the tsunami : do police reduce group violence
No more eeh-orrh!
The roles of linguistic confidence and integrative motivation on cross-cultural adaptation of Asian degree students Finland
Business opportunities in Northeast China. Part 1, Liaoning province
Japan times weekly
News and views from Indonesia
That's not my donkey..
Linguistics, archaeology and the human past
This is a serious book
China's Tibet
Garcia de Orta's Colloquies on the Simples and Drugs of India (1563) was one of the first books to take advantage of the close relationship between medicine, trade and empire in the early modern period. The book was printed in Goa, the capital of the Portuguese empire in the East, and the city where the author, a Portuguese physician of Jewish ancestry, lived for almost thirty years. It presents a vast array of medical information on various drugs, spices, plants, fruits and minerals native to India or adjoining territories. In addition, it includes information concerning indigenous methods of healing as well as a far-reaching assessment of ancient and modern authors on Asian materia medica. Orta's book had a market in Asia but was particularly valuable to a European audience. It soon attracted the attention of various European authors and printers by providing the basis for adaptations, commentaries and editions in various languages, prompting a successful and complex trail of medical knowledge in transit. Authored by an interdisciplinary team of prominent international scholars, the volume takes into account recent historiographical trends and provides a contextualized and innovative analysis of the histories and reception of the Colloquies. It emphasizes the value of the work to historians today as a symbol of the impact of geographical expansion and globalization in a sixteenth-century medical world.
Study of the flying geese theory from a political point of view : a Japanese propaganda argument in the post world war II era
Free China review
Asian islam in the 21st century
Jo-Jo the melon donkey
Zhongwai = The Cosmorama pictorial
Diplomatic bluebook for ..
Unnatural selection : choosing boys over girls, and the consequences of a world full of men
Catalogue of the described diptera from South Asia
Development and utilization of Russian forest resources
Asian brand strategy : building and sustaining strong global brands in Asia
Time-varying conditional correlation : effect on international portfolio diversification in Southeast Asia
Jonadab and Rita
Multi-source inventory of the forests of the Hebei forestry bureau, Heilongjiang, China
Pegasus and Mendios : the amazing adventures of a winged horse and little donkey
Music in mood regulation in adolescence : an initial exploration of the Singapore context
The Stockholm journal of East Asian Studies
Taxonomic corrections and new records in vascular plants of Kyrgyzstan, 2.
Matter and nutrient dynamics of pine (Pinus tabulaeformis) and oak (Quercus variabilis) litter in North China
Beatrice and Virgil
Forest products annual market review 2005-2006
Ozone pollution : a hidden threat to food security :report prepared by the ICO Vegetation
Getting updated on Southeast Asia
The Very Helpful Hedgehog
Will China catch the Asian flu?
Asian folklore studies
Finnairs's "new silk road" in the new millennium : an analysis of the construction of Asia and of the company
Caroline : a mystery
Proceedings of Ist International Symposium on Sustainable Vegetable Production in Southeast Asia : Salatiga, Indonesia, March 14-17, 2011
Journal of current Chinese affairs
SWB : summary of world broadcasts : weekly economic report. Part 3, Asia-Pacific
Critical Asian Studies
News release
Markets and democracy : exiting the tyranny of the majority
Chinese law & religion monitor = Zhongguo falü yu zongjia guancha
The unspoken pressure of tradition : East Asian classical musicians in western classical music
The Professional handbook of the donkey
The journal of American-East Asian relations
Adaptation and Management of Asian Employees in the Finnish Working Environment : Case-company ABB Oy
Northern agriculture : constraints and responses to global climate change
Taxonomic corrections and new records in vascular plants of Kyrgyzstan
Medicine, Trade and Empire : Garcia de Orta's colloquies on the simples and drugs of India (1563) in context
Snakehead : Alex Rider
Rural transport and traction enterprises for improved livelihoods
The Journal of contemporary China = Tang tai Chung-kuo
Its A Little Book
Taiwan statistical data book
Postfire recovery of forest litter in Scots pine forests in two different regions of boreal zone
The article discusses methodological similarities and differences between Uno Harva and Mircea Eliade, with the objective of reassessing the value of their comparativist programs for the study of religion in general and of 'religious' cognition in particular. The Finnish scholar Uno Holmberg-Harva (1882-1949) was a predecessor to Eliade as a scholar of Asian and European religious history. During the first three decades of the twentieth century, when the academic study of religion was still maturing in Europe, Harva expanded considerably the field of the ethnological study of religion with his religio-phenomenological monographs Der Baum des Lebens (1922), Finno-Ugric, Siberian Mythology (1927) and Die Religiösen Vorstellungen der Altaischen Völker (1938). Harva was a towering figure in Finnish scholarship. Originally a Protestant theologian and Lutheran minister, he resigned from his ecclesiastical position to become a historian of religion, field ethnographer, ethnosociologist and folklorist under the tutelage of Edward Westermarck and Kaarle Krohn. Harva's influence on the work of Eliade has been almost entirely ignorant by historiographers of Religious Studies.
Health : a vital investment for economic development in Eastern Europe and Central Asia
Goat and Donkey and the noise downstairs
Abstract.
Effects of land tenure and property rights on agricultural productivity in Ethiopia, Namibia and Bangladesh
The runaway princess
International market entry strategy of Viettel Telecom Corporation
ERD policy brief series
The Asian financial crisis has engulfed most of the region's countries, with the notable exception of China, which has maintained a stable dollar exchange rate.However, China's situation is being widely discussed, some commentators claim that China will eventually be forced to devalue while others maintain that China neither needs to nor would gain from a devaluation. China, not yet a fully open economy, has the means and resources to withstand pressures against its currency.Reserves remain comfortable and the trade surplus is even growing as China's exports to the United States and Europe continue to grow at a healthy pace although exports to other Asian countries have slumped.Domestic economic activity is recovering from a slowdown as public expenditure is rising.However, rapid reform of China's state-owned industries and bad-debt ridden state-owned commercial banks may be endangered if foreign direct investment fails to pick up the slack in the labour market as stateowned industries and government ministries shed millions of workers.Chinese authorities might be tempted to ease the pressure through a devaluation of the renminbi.However, China's exports have an import content of 50 percent, so a small devaluation would make little difference, and a large devaluation would probably trigger a new round of competitive devaluations among the region's countries, in the end leaving everyone worse off than before.For the time being China is therefore best served by maintaining a stable exchange rate, but in the longer term China may have to reconsider the wisdom of its peg to the US dollar. Keywords: China, Asian crisis, devaluation, exports, trade surplus, exchange reserves, renminbi, reform .
The donkey companion : selecting, training, breeding, enjoying & caring for donkeys
Why is the sky blue?
A sampler of international media and communication statistics 2010
Hsinhua news
Nestorian Personal Names from Central Asia
Change in Siberian phytomass predicted for global warming
Folklore : the intangible cultural heritage of SAARC region. Volume 2
The professional handbook of the donkey
A series of notes on distribution, taxonomy, morphology and nomenclature of some vascular plants in Kyrgyzstan is presented. The presence of Scutellaria popovii Vved. in Talas Range is confirmed and documented with herbarium specimens, and this species is mapped. The known distributions of Galinsoga parviflora Cav. and Reseda lutea L., established invasive aliens, are documented with many new records and mapped. Eminium alberti (Regel) Engl. ex B. Fedtsch., Iris inconspicua (Vved.) T. Hall & Seisums, I. khassanovii Tojibaev et Turginov and Lagopsis flava Kar. et Kir. are reported as new to Kyrgyzstan. Astragalus testiculatus Pall., Corydalis glaucescens Regel, Morina parviflora Kar. et Kir., Pedicularis karatavica Pavlov, Tulipa turkestanica (Regel) Regel are reported as new to Talas Range, and Iris narbutii O. Fedtsch. as new to Alay Range. The distributions of Iris linifolia (Regel) O. Fedtsch. and I. narynensis O. Fedtsch. in Kyrgyzstan are verified and mapped. Iris zenaidae (Vved.) F.O. Khass. & Rakhimova is reduced to the synonymy of I. graeberiana Sealy; this species is reported as new to many territories of Western Tian-Shan. A new combination, Iris rodionenkoi (Lazkov & Naumenko) Lazkov & Sennikov is provided for Juno rodionenkoi Lazkov & Naumenko. The species known as Cephalorrhynchus polycladus (Boiss.) Kirp. is transferred to Lactuca as L. piestocarpa (Boiss.) Sennikov, comb. nov. with a new section, L. sect. Zollikoferiastrum (Kirp.) Sennikov, comb. nov.; this species is new to Kyrgyzstan.
Foreign direct investment behavior : an analysis of the determinants and motivations of Finnish direct manufacturing investment in Asian countries
Afghanistan in the lewis model
English language education policy in Asia
The Korean journal of national unification
Equids in the ancient world
The Japan times international
Asian labour
Korea & world affairs
It's a book
Korea today
Foreign affairs Malaysia
Directory of Taiwan
Foreign exchange reserves, exchange rate regimes, and monetary policy : issues in Asia
Ariol : Just a donkey like you and me
A monograph of oriental Cicadidæ. Part 1
Spatial genetic structure in populations of Chimaphila japonica and Pyrola japonica (pyrolaceae)
TRADITIONS, LANGUAGE, AND LITERACY: CHANGING MEANINGS OF AKEU ETHNICITY
Korea focus : on current topics
Journal of current Southeast Asian affairs
Trade facilitation in Asia and the Pacific : an analysis of import and export processes: a study
Biotechnology of the medicinal plant, Rhazya stricta
Women of Vietnam
"Equine Color Genetics presents the most recent advances in color genetics for breeders of horses, donkeys, and mules. The book provides valuable information that enables breeders to tailor their breeding programs to maximize desired color outcomes and minimize undesired color. The text bridges the gap between the scientific and lay communities without ignoring the intricate and complex issues involved in horse and donkey color genetics. This new edition presents more explicit and detailed explanations than were previously possible, including a more extensive Appaloosa section. The section on donkey colors includes the results of studies in the genetic control of color in this species, which will greatly assist donkey breeders as they tailor breeding programs to their own goals." -- Publisher's description.
European journal of East Asian studies
The magic donkey ride
In this decade, China's foreign trade has increased rapidly and the share of high-technology goods in China's exports has become outstanding. These developments are partly related to processing trade that reflects the global production fragmentation. This paper discusses the role of processing trade in China by using a concept of vertical specialization (VS). The paper explains approaches to estimate vertical specialization and evaluates the findings of recent research in this field. It seems evident that processing trade has played a major role behind the fast growth of Chinese exports and the increase of high-tech goods in its exports. Moreover, recent research seems to imply that China's and much of Asia's exports are still heavily dependent on American and European consumers and, consequently, exports are not de-coupled from the final demands in the United States or Europe.  Key words: China, vertical specialization, foreign trade, processing imports .
Controlling corruption in Asia and the Pacific : papers presented at the 4th Regional Anti-Corruption Conference of the ADB/OECD Anti-Corruption Initiative for Asia and the Pacific, Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, 3-5 December 2003
Sungkyun journal of East Asian studies
Water quality in the Tibetan Plateau : chemical evaluation of the headwaters of four major Asian rivers
The Free China journal
Beatrice and Virgil : a novel
Art and social change : contemporary art in Asia and the Pacific
Xianggang shehui kexue xuebao = Hong Kong journal of social sciences
Asian economic systems
The Routledge companion to Asian American and Pacific Islander literature
Donkeys at Deir el-Medina
The China journal
IMPORTATION OF ORIENTAL FOOD TO FINLAND : Cases: Swan Import and Tigris oriental Market
Forest zones of Siberia as determined by climatic zones and their possible transformation trends under global change
Bond market development in East Asia : issues and challenges
Climate risks and age-related damage probabilities - effects on the economically optimal rotation length for forest stand management in Japan
Economic impacts of carbon sequestration in reforestation: examples from boreal and moist tropical conditions
Taxonomy and phylogeny of the 'manna lichens' and allied species (Megasporaceae)
A series of notes on distribution, taxonomy, morphology and nomenclature of some vascular plants in Kyrgyzstan is presented. One transfer in Lamiaceae, Betonica betoniciflora is proposed because of priority under the current phylogeny; a white-flowered form is described within this species. Youngia serawschanica (Crepidifolium serawschanicum) is moved to Crepidiastrum, following the phylogenetic studies in Cichorieae. The only species of the former genus Modestia, M. darwasica is transferred to Jurinea because of its nested position in the molecular phylogeny. Jurinea sect. Anacantha is proposed for the placement of this species in the system of Jurinea. Modestia jucunda, M. mira and M. pteroclada are established as new synonyms of Jurinea darwasica. New substitute names Phlomoides codonantha and P. deserticola, new combinations P. dshungarica and P. karatavica, and three new sectional names are proposed in connection with the synonymization of Eremostachys and Paraeremostachys with Phlomoides. Fritillaria ferganensis is resurrected from the synonymy of F. walujewii; an identification key is provided, and the distributions of both species in Kyrgyzstan are mapped. Lectotypes are designated for Crepis distincta and Fritillaria walujewii. Allium setifolium is new to Ili Ala-Too, Arctium echinopifolium (Hypacanthium echinopifolium) to Kyrgyz Range, Saussurea vvedenskyi to Talas Ala-Too, Hypopitys hypophegea to Chatkal Range. Rhaponticum namanganicum is recorded on the S side of Chatkal Range, extending the distribution area southwards..
No abstract
Muncle Trogg and the flying donkey
Looking after a donkey
Taiwan journal of forest science
The Routledge Companion to Asian American and Pacific Islander Literature offers a general introduction as well as a range of critical approaches to this important and expanding field. Divided into three sections, the volume iIntroduces "keywords" connecting the theories, themes and methodologies distinctive to Asian American Literature; addresses historical periods, geographies and literary identities; looks at different genre, form and interdisciplinarity. With 41 essays from scholars in the field this collection is a comprehensive guide to a significant area of literary study for students and teachers of Ethnic American, Asian diasporic and Pacific Islander Literature.
Shadows of voluntourism and the connection to orphanage business in Asia and Cambodia
Proceedings SUSDEV-CHINA Symposium : sustainable agroecosystem management and development of rural-urban interaction in regions and cities of China
Field and laboratory methods for grassland and animal production research
Journal of Inner and East Asian Studies
Rethinking 'religious' cognition : the Eliadean notion of the sacred in the light of the legacy of Uno Harva
