http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15070 content production
content production
Challenges related to applicability of exclusive rights on the Internet : platform fees as an alternative?
LinkedIn is dominating the world of business-based networking, yet many of its users don't know how to make the most of it, while others are hesitant to join yet another social network. Whether you're a job seeker, and employer in search of new talent, or a business looking to boost your visibility, make this book your guide.
Designing for an open museum : an exploration of content creation and sharing through interactive pieces
Collaborative creation of advanced content in social media services
The Routledge companion to labor and media
Unfair commercial contracts and online content distribution : insights into problems, regulation and potential of European harmonization
Buyer power in content distribution : unfair conditions imposed on content creators as abuse of dominant position?
Participation and media production : critical reflections on content creation
Model, rig, animate! : with 3ds max 6
"The role of maths and statistics in the world of web analytics is not clear to many marketers...This book as been written to fill this knowledge gap"--page 17.
Inbound marketing in practice : Case study: Lainaaja.fi
Ecommerce inbound marketing : how to sell better than Amazon
Content production technologies
Wikinomics : how mass collaboration changes everything
How Wikipedia works : and how you can be a part of it
The elements of content strategy
The main objective of the study is to provide insight on how digital signage can create benefit and what can be done with the content to ensure its efficiency. Digital signage is a relatively new form of digital communication. Digital signage networks consists of displays, a content storage devices (media player), and some mechanism to manage and upload the content that appears on displays. The study is assigned by a Finnish digital signage solution developer and provider company First Technology Ltd. The company strives to alleviate the uncertainty of potential customers that are yet uncertain of the benefits of deploying a digital signage system by providing solid, fact-based answers, and by creating guidelines for efficient use of the network. Digital signage ROI is studied and measured by defining the profits of selling advertising space with a desk study. The effect of digital content to buying behavior is researched by an action research promotion study conducted in April 2012 with TOK Wine & Deli coffee shop and Sokos Wiklund displays. Some international studies have been made of digital signage effect on sales (such as Walmart SMART or Neo's Copp Pronto TV results), which will be taken into consideration to answer the questions of how to create better ROI for a digital signage system. The criteria behind effective digital signage content is studied with a content analysis executed with a web-based 3M Visual Attention Service software to analyze the effect of still images that are used on digital displays within selected FirstView customers. There are no similar studies made of usage and benefits of digital signage within the Finnish markets and within Finnish companies. The lack of studies is a disadvantage itself, but it also effects on the companies willingness to deploy and engage digital signage solutions as a part of their communication strategies. The study is limited to converse only on content production, digital signage ROI, and the effect of digital signage to buying behavior. The study does not take a stance on the actual hardware used, the amount, size, or type of the displays, or how and where the system is physically installed or who manages the content, which form of content is used, or which products are promoted on screens. As more institutions and companies come to realize the potential of digital signage network, their use will proliferate resulting that good and even great quality content will evidently get better. This study amongst others within the industry and topic of DS profitability and content efficiency verify the advantages of investing in a digital signage network and using its full capabilities in order to gain profits.
Digitizing race : visual cultures of the Internet
Waste to wealth : the circular economy advantage
Designing an Agile TV magazine production with IP publishing platform
Introduction to documentary production : a guide for media students
The mobile revolution : the making of mobile services worldwide
Impact of Enhanced Content Creation in Digital PR
Design for the mind : seven Psychological principles of persuasive design
Foundation Flash CS5 for designers
Content management : bridging the gap between theory and practice
Content networking in the mobile Internet
Podcasting bible
Abstract: The thesis studied rich media Internet applications, especially with regard to collaborative services in social media. The various types of existing and potential content and their production processes were investigated. In addition, the applicable technical solutions for producing rich multimedia online were discovered. The field was studied by examining previous research and the views of influential thinkers about the subject. As a case study, the production of a website consisting of various social media elements was examined, and the results verified many of the findings in secondary research. The site included an example of a more innovative rich media application, and experiences from its production process were used to define guidelines for the production of similar services in the future. The project corroborated the view that the user base of social media is heavily segmented, and a small minority typically produces the vast majority of content. A smaller minority participates less, whereas most users tend to be mainly passive. Therefore, if a service aims to reach large amounts of users, the provision of several levels of participation activity was recommended in the thesis. On the technical side, modern open source solutions were found to integrate well into rich media productions, while the use of Adobe Flash technology continues to be necessary for the implementation of certain features.
Article 27 of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and Internet : a study evaluating role of prosumers, authors and corporations in the information society
Casebook : stories about creative economy
Developing interactive narrative content : sagas_sagasnet_reader
The objectives of the study with dairy bulls offered grass silage-based diet were to determine the effects on animal performance of (1) concentrate type (barley vs. commercial concentrate) and (2) supplementation of rapeseed meal (RSM) in barley-based concentrate, with data being compared from preweaning to slaughter. The experiment comprised a total of 37 Finnish Ayrshire and 23 Holstein-Friesian bulls. Experimental concentrate treatments were 1) rolled barley (B), 2) rolled barley + rapeseed meal (BRSM) and 3) commercial concentrate (CC). During the preweaning (from 0.5 to 2.5 months) there were no differences in intake, gain or feed conversion. During the postweaning (from 2.5 to 6.0 months) the energy intake and gain of the B bulls were 12-13% lower than those of the BRSM bulls (p < 0.05) and 16% lower than those of the CC bulls (p < 0.01). However, there were no treatment differences in the energy intake or gain of the bulls during the finishing period (from 6.0 to 18.0 months of age) or on average during the experiment. Furthermore, carcass traits of the bulls did not differ between treatments. It is concluded that production traits were unaffected by concentrate type or RSM supplementation when data is compared from preweaning to slaughter.
Valuable content marketing : how to make quality content your key to success
Managing online risk : apps, mobile, and social media security
Television studies : the key concepts
Digital decisions : how digital signage networks generate profit
Design principles for mobile soundwalk applications
The secret war between downloading and uploading : tales of the computer as culture machine
Modelling and content production of distance learning concept for interactive digital television
Towards a knowledge based society : European multimedia research
101 content marketing tips
Experiences : the 7th era of marketing
Digital content creation in schools : a common core approach
Content strategy for mobile
Content everywhere : strategy and structure for future-ready content
The future of information architecture : conceiving a better way to understand taxonomy, network, and intelligence
Digital marketing strategy : an integrated approach to online marketing
The content of media : quality, profit and competition
Content rules : how to create killer blogs, podcasts, videos, ebooks, webinars (and more) that engage customers and ignite your business
Making business with trolls. From literary analysis to commercial aspects of children's literature on the example of the Moomins
The content strategy toolkit : methods, guidelines, and templates for getting content right
Developing modular XML DTDs with DITA technology
Citizen marketers : when people are the message
Professional learning in the digital age : the educator's guide to user-generated learning
Market a business by creating and sharing valuable content which gets the message across in the right way to attract more clients and customers.
Theorizing cultural work : labour, continuity and change in the cultural and creative industries
A one-stop source on the art and science of developing marketing content that people care about. This coverage is interwoven with case studies of companies successfully spreading their ideas online--and using them to establish credibility and build a loyal customer base.
Techno-economic analysis of Internet content delivery
Cyberspace law : commentaries and materials
The player's game : towards understanding player production among computer game culture
Mastering 3D animation
Return on engagement : content strategy and web design techniques for digital marketing
The content challenge : electronic publishing and the new content industries : report to the European Commission DG XIII/E
Content generation in the wireless space with a focus on Southern California
Digital reading platform : case study: classical Chinese reading platform
Media management : leveraging content for profitable growth
Web content management : a collaborative approach
Tables of composition and nutritional values of organically produced feed materials for pigs and poultry
The news gap : when the information preferences of the media and the public diverge
Mobile technologies : from telecommunications to media
Online customer service : analysis and evolution in the Swiss mobile market
Engage Customers Around the World with Cross-Regional Content Marketing, Technology has virtually erased national borders, forever transforming the way we reach and engage customers, as well as the way we search for and consume content. Global Content Marketing takes you step-by-step through the process of creating and refining your strategies to meet this new reality. Learn How To: Create content that engages people-regardless of their country and culture, Identify key actions and strategies to apply to your projects, Connect "dots" that others don't see and connect them in ways you never thought of before Book jacket.
"This book outlines best practices for conducting and executing content strategy projects. It is a step-by-step guide to building an enterprise content strategy for your organization"--Publisher's description.
Learning Facebook application development : a step-by-step tutorial for creating custom Facebook applications using the Facebook platform and PHP
Book 2010 : development trends in the book trade - summary
Global content marketing : how to create great content, reach more customers, and build a worldwide marketing strategy that works
Future of internet news portals after the case of Delfi
European information society : towards new challenges
Digital rights management
English abstract: Online customer service : analysis and evolution in the Swiss mobile market.
The player's game : towards understanding player production among computer game cultures
Effects of barley grain compared to commercial concentrate or rapeseed meal supplementation on performance of growing dairy bulls offered grass silage-based diet
Perl and Apache : your visual blueprint for developing dynamic Web content
Digital identities : creating and communicating the online self
The future of content : discussions on the future of European electronic publishing : version I, September 1997 : editors Brian Oakley, Derek Kueter, Kieran O'Hea
Filtered : a tool for editing SVG filters
Managing content marketing : the real-world guide for creating passionate subscribers to your brand
Multimedia and interactive digital TV : managing the opportunities created by digital convergence
Waste to wealth : creating advantage in a circular economy
Contemporary art : from studio to situation
Digital rights management and content development
LinkedIn : tell your story, land the job
The tao of Twitter : changing your life and business 140 characters at a time
Content marketing for nonprofits : a communications map for engaging your community, becoming a favorite cause, and raising more money
Multimedia foundations : core concepts for digital design
"Discover how digital content creation supports 21st-century learning, providing new insights into organizing, synthesizing, and evaluating information. This practical guide will make it easy for you to engage your students through this powerful communications medium"--
Content distribution using wireless broadcast and multicast communication networks
Cornerstone of the information society : legal and policy implications of convergence
Enterprise content strategy : a project guide
This book is a complete guide to developing and implementing a digital marketing strategy.
The creative industries : culture and policy
Guidelines for online success
Brands in glass houses : how to embrace transparency and grow your business through content marketing
Access to capital for the content industries : executive summary
Abstract.
Museum24 : collaborative writing as a method in local cultural heritage preservation
"In this essential guide, Meghan Casey outlines a step-by-step approach for doing content strategy, from planning and creating your content to delivering and managing it. Armed with this book, you can confidently tackle difficult activities like telling your boss or client what's wrong with their content, getting the budget to do content work, and aligning stakeholders on a common vision. Reading The Content Strategy Toolkit is like having your own personal consulting firm on retainer with a complete array of tools and tips for every challenge you'll face. In this practical and relevant guide, you'll learn how to: Identify problems with your content and persuade your bosses it's worth the time and resources to do it right. Make sense of your business environment and understand your audience. Get stakeholders aligned on business goals and user needs. Set your content strategy and decide how to measure success. Create, maintain, and govern on-strategy content. You'll learn to control your content-and not have it control you."
Effective rights exporting process : towards system interoperability of digital rights management
Publishing content on different devices
Media studies : texts, production and context
The WTO, the Internet and trade in digital products : EC-US perspectives
Online Identities: Creating and Communicating the Online Self presents a critical investigation of the ways in which representations of identities have shifted since the advent of digital communications technologies. Critical studies over the past century have pointed to the multifaceted nature of identity, with a number of different theories and approaches used to explain how everyday people have a sense of themselves, their behaviors, desires, and representations. In the era of interactive, digital, and networked media and communication, identity can be understood as even more complex, with digital users arguably playing a more extensive role in fashioning their own self-representations online, as well as making use of the capacity to co-create common and group narratives of identity through interactivity and the proliferation of audio-visual user-generated content online
Digital and social media marketing : a results-driven approach
Increasing the Attractiveness and Visibility of Educational In-stitutions Using Modern Marketing Channels : Case: Fontys Minor program
Understanding the global TV format
Maths and stats for Web analytics and conversion optimization
Creating content for the portal Cyprusforall.com
Interactive dramaturgies : new approaches in multimedia content and design : with 175 figures
Evolution of broadcast content distribution
Using wikis for collaboration in online learning : the power of the read-write web
Microsoft expression web for dummies
Tiivistelmä: Publishing content on different devices.
Learn effective content and web design strategies for creating a successful website with the 2nd edition Return on Engagement from Focal Press. This paperback book shows web designers and developers how to implement an effective content strategy and how to stay ahead in the rapidly changing industry of web design. It presents effective practices in terms of web design through a marketing function: content strategy, SEO, social media marketing, and success measurement to help web designers implement a strategy that ensures success for the site they are building. This paperback book also shows web designers and developers how to not just design an aesthetically pleasing, functional website, but also how to implement marketing strategies and analysis into their website, thus ensuring its success.
Social media : introduction to the tools and processes of participatory economy
The purpose of the following thesis is to create content for the portal, Cyprusforall.com. Cyprusforall.com is a web portal, which functions as an online directory to hotels and other type of accommodation in Cyprus. The portal targets international and Cypriot tourists. Besides providing information about accommodation the portal offers its visitors supporting information regarding travelling in Cyprus.    The objectives of the thesis are to create and upload content for the portal, and to gain theoretical insight into e-marketing and web design, which will ensure academic background for the practical implementation of the project.    The thesis is project-based. The research method used is action research based on analysis, planning, and data collection and reflecting.    The author introduces general concepts related to e-marketing, web design and web content.      The project was carried out by first completing the analysis of the portal and research of the websites with related theme. Based on the analysis and action research findings the information was collected. Finally, the current content was created and uploaded on the portal. Additionally, the author introduced suggestions for the future improvements of the content and portal in general.
"In recent years, building a corporate online presence has become nonnegotiable for businesses, as consumers expect to connect with them in as many ways as possible. There are benefits to companies that use online technology, but there are risks as well. Managing Online Risk presents the tools and resources needed to better understand the security and reputational risks of online and digital activity, and how to mitigate those risks to minimize potential losses. Managing Online Risk highlights security and risk management best practices that address concerns such as data collection and storage, liability, recruitment, employee communications, compliance violations, security of devices (in contexts like mobile, apps, and cloud computing), and more. Additionally, this book offers a companion website that was developed in parallel with the book and includes the latest updates and resources for topics covered in the book"--
Designing user friendly manuals : How to help the users to achieve their goals
