http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15091 bases
bases
Automotive chassis systems
Startup dilemmas : strategic problems of early-stage platforms on the internet
Race car vehicle dynamics
Advanced guide to hydroponics (soilless cultivation)
Acknowledging that plant nutrition in greenhouse cultivation differs in many essentials from field production, this book details specific information about testing methods for soils and substrates in a greenhouse environment.
Diets, culture media, food supplements. 3, Culture media for microorganisms and plants
Platform ecosystems : aligning architecture, governance, and strategy
Improvement of recombinant protein production in shaken cultures : focus on aeration and enzyme-controlled glucose feeding
BCBU+ handbook : a guide to establish virtual cross-border campus for BCBU network
Racing and sports car chassis design
Pehr Brahe Software Laboratory at Oulu University of Applied Sciences has researched how computer aided systems could be used to assist and prolong elderly people’s living at home. One result of their efforts is an implementation of a ubiquitous home environment server engine, the UbiHomeServer. The UbiHomeServer’s user interface is specifically designed to be clear, simple and easily approachable for elderly and not technology-aware persons. To allow a flexible, place and time independent and convenient usage, the UI needed to be adapted to mobile devices such as smartphones and tablets. The objective of this thesis was to study the features of a few currently widely used mobile platforms to find out their applicability for this kind of application, and to implement a prototype application using one of the studied platforms. The thesis work was started by studying the research results achieved by the UbiHomeServer team, among which the requirements for the mobile platform and application were gathered. During the platform study the main information sources were application design and development guides and reference documentation provided by platform manufacturers. The main result of this thesis is a fully functional Android application which operates as a user interface to a ubiquitous home environment, allowing the user to interact with a variety of service providers and support personnel. The application which was developed is used by test persons in the field tests of a ubiquitous home environment. Later, when developing similar application on other platforms, for example iOS and Windows Phone, the application and this thesis can be used as a reference.
Growth properties of gypsum, mixture of fly ash and ilmenite reidue, dredged material and wastewater sludge for landfill landscaping
Proceedings of the Symposium on Growing Media, Composting and Substrate Analysis : Barcelona, Spain October 17-21, 2011
Toyota : repair manual for chassis & body, Avensis/Corona AT22_ series, ST220 series, CT220 series Oct. 1997.
Improving compatibility between prediction of basal area diameter distributions and assessments of young stands
Catification : designing a happy and stylish home for your cat (and you!)
Handling laboratory microorganisms
Building a cognitive gaming platform : User centric gaming experiences with organic movement
Abstract: Growth properties of gypsum, mixture of fly ash and ilmenite reidue, dredged material and wastewater sludge for landfill landscaping.
Hydrological properties of peat-based growth media
Rethinking computer-based simulation : concepts and models
Test platform priorization for smartwatch game development : case Everywear Games
Peat in horticulture
Matchmakers : the new economics of platform businesses : how one of the oldest business models on earth powers the most incredible companies in the world
The response of watercress (Nasturtium officinale L.) to salinity has been scarcely addressed in literature despite its growing importance in the baby-leaf market and its wide cultivation in salt-affected agricultural regions. This work evaluates the effect of salinity (2.5, 5 and 10 dS m-1) on productive and quality features of watercress compared with another crop widely cultivated for the baby-leaf sector (lettuce, Lactuca sativa). In watercress, a linear relationship (R2=0.75) was observed between yield decrease and Cl- accumulation in leaves, whereas yield was not affected by salinity in lettuce. NaCl application increased Na+ accumulation at the expense of Ca2+ uptake in the leaf tissues of both crops, but also of K+ in watercress. Health-related features were improved by salinity (e.g. increased phenolics and reduced nitrates), especially in watercress, with limited sensorial quality evaluation effects..
MIRtoolbox : version 1.6.1
Comparison of three different tests and Muller-Hinton agar related to the detection of MRSA and evaluation of MRSA crom agar in comparison with ORSIM agar and Staphylococcus agar
Proceedings of the International Symposium on Growing Media and Hydroponics : Alnarp, Sweden, 8-14 September 2001
The structure and components for the open education ecosystem : constructive design research of online learning tools
Electronic commerce 2012 : a managerial and social networks perspective
Proceedings of the International Symposium on Growing Media and Soilless Cultivation : Leiden, The Netherlands, June 17-21, 2013
The race car chassis : design, structures and materials for road, drag and circle track open- and closed-wheel chassis
Development and evaluation of the location-aware platform:main characteristics in adaptable location-aware systems
Models for growth of pine stands in territories of northern Eurasia
The TAB book of Arduino projects : 36 things to make with shields and proto shields
Motorcycle road & racing chassis : a modern review of the best independents
Programming Arduino : getting started with sketches
Root adaptation and ion selectivity affects the nutritional value of salt-stressed hydroponically grown baby-leaf Nasturtium officinale and Lactuca sativa
Plant nutrition of greenhouse crops
Chassis engineering
This book offers a critical evaluation of the theoretical frameworks that can be used to explain and utilise social media, and applies them to fun real-life examples and case studies from a range of industries, companies and countries. These include Unilever, Snickers, American Express, Volkswagen and Amnesty International, and span campaigns run across different platforms in countries such as China, Canada, Sweden and Singapore.
Chassis design : principles and analysis : based on previously unpublished technical notes by Maurice Olley
Growing in rockwool
Crafting Effective User Interface Animations : Understanding the Complexity of Crafting User Interface Animations on Web Platforms
Professional Android application development
Abstract: E-teaching administrative system. The aim of the project was to develop a web application that converts the traditional method of studying and cooking which was done physically in the presence of students into an electronic form that will enhance self-studies. The goal of the project owner was have a user friendly interface of a web application that emulates the traditional teaching method but requires little work to make teaching materials available to the end users. To be able to reach the target of the owner, various content management system platforms that organize all data and allow easy creation of new content and update of already existing ones were explored. This forms the base of which the project application is built. The choice of the content management platform was based first on my previous knowledge and then the preference of the owner. To gain full control of the system, a user must have the credentials to log in. The thesis focuses on how a login administrator can easily create new cooking recipe into the database and display them in the front page, delete and update content, and for all other users to add recipe ingredients to a shopping cart. E-teaching services have seen growth over the years which cannot be over-looked and as long as technology exists, the growth will continue. Various processes were followed and the outcome of the end product was satisfactory to the project owner.
Social media marketing : theories & applications
Reproducibility of suppression of Pythium wilt of cucumber by compost
There is increasing global interest in using compost to suppress soil-borne fungal and bacterial diseases and nematodes. We studied the reproducibility of compost suppressive capacity (SC) against Pythium wilt of cucumber using nine composts produced by the same composting plant in 2008 and 2009. A bioassay was set up in a greenhouse using cucumber inoculated with two strains of Pythium. The composts were used as 20% mixtures (v:v) of a basic steam-sterilized light Sphagnum peat and sand (3:1, v:v). Shoot height was measured weekly during the 5-week experiment. At harvest, the SC was calculated as the % difference in shoot dry weight (DW) between non-inoculated and inoculated cucumbers. The SC was not affected by year of production (2008 or 2009), indicating reproducibility of SC when the raw materials and the composting method are not changed. Differences in shoot height were not as pronounced as those for shoot DW. The results were encouraging, but further studies are still needed for producing compost with guaranteed suppressiveness properties.
Toyota Celica : repair manual for chassis & body, AT200 series, ST20_ series
Ecommerce mobile application with IBM WebSphere
Rockwool in horticulture
Stock car setup secrets : advanced chassis and suspension technology for asphalt and dirt circle track racing
E-teaching administrative system
Peat in horticulture : quality and environmental challenges : proceedings of the International Peat Symposium, Pärnu, Estonia, 3 - 6 September 2002
Symposium on horticultural substrates and their analysis : Gl. Avernaes, Funen, Denmark, 5-11 September 1987
Roman imperial statue bases : from Augustus to Commodus
An introduction to modern vehicle design
Proceedings of the International Symposium on Soilless Cultivation : Shanghai, China May 22-25, 2012
Proceedings of the World Congress 1969 : Las Palmas de Gran Canaria, 11-14 November 1969.
Raspberry Pi projects for dummies
Designing and implementing a CSCL-based course on data security of a wireless learning environment
Automotive structural analysis
Automotive engineering : powertrain, chassis system and vehicle body
The casing layer : proceedings of the first seminar in mushroom science held in the Department of Biological Sciences, The University of Aston in Birmingham
Experiments on the effect of anaerobic media upon birch, pine and spruce seedlings
Evolution of broadcast content distribution
Playful learning environments : effects on children's learning
Abstract: Building a cognitive gaming platform : User centric gaming experiences with organic movement. The increasing focus on efficiency and optimizing the way people think and work has led to a new area of serious gaming – cognitive games. The rise of modern web rendering technologies has enabled the creation of visually interesting cognitive games on browser based technologies. The goal of this study was to assess the applicability of using modern browser technologies to create a user centric cognitive gaming platform and the useof mathematical formulas in organic rendering. The approach discusses the current market situation and the products and methods of cognitive gaming as well as the technologies involved. The user centric approach is studied through user experience design as well as graphic design and animation aspects. The reference implementation is project CCA; a user centric cognitive gaming platform built on top of Adobe Flash that uses seemingly organic movement rendering. The technical implementation is discussed from the platform client-server aspect as well as an overview of the structure of the front end architecture. The rendering engine methods go through the 2D –based rendering of mathematical formulas, the use of continuous Bezier curves in organic movement and the creative ways of using Perlin noise to generate textures as well as movement. Optimization of complex rendering and platform building is an essential part of the process. The results show the viability of using modern browser based technologies in the creation of a cognitive gaming platform. Through the use of optimization and creative mathematical solutions, as well as tending to user experience needs a successful product is built. The project platform is used in medical trials, as well as the Science Changing the World Exhibition shown in science centers around Europe. This study stands as a testament to the possibilities of cognitive end user training and a guide on the aspects of building a successful gaming platform.
Rapid application development with Mozilla
Investigation of alternative methods estimating natural frequencies for a generating set
Racing chassis and suspension design : PT-90
Growing vegetable transplants in plug trays
Collaborative screen capture video based learning in information systems science
Dead-wood-associated aphyllophoroid fungi : perspectives on the diversity, ecology and conservation biology of species and their habitats
Race car vehicle dynamics : problems, answers, and experiments
Improvement of recombinant protein production in shaken cultures:focus on aeration and enzyme-controlled glucose feeding
International Symposium on Growing Media and Hydroponics : Kassandra, Macedonia, Greece, August 31 - September 6, 1999
Catification : designing a happy and stylish home for your cat (and you)
Handbook of culture media for food microbiology
Programming wireless devices with the Java 2 Platform, micro edition
The role of riboflavin and niacin in vitamin B12 biosynthesis by Propionibacterium freudenreichii
Tiivistelmä: Comparison of three different tests and Muller-Hinton agar related to the detection of MRSA and evaluation of MRSA crom agar in comparison with ORSIM agar and Staphylococcus agar.
Proceedings of the International Symposium on Growing Media and Composting : Charlotte, NC, USA, June 1-5, 2009
Truck chassis and cabin dynamic behaviour
Computer architecture : a quantitative approach
IBM WebSphere Everyplace Server as an operational efficiency enhancement for business process : case: Sonera zed for business
Tomatoes in peat
Chevrolet Volt : development story of the pioneering electrified vehicle / [edited] by Lindsay Brooke
Life-based design for technical solutions in social and voluntary work
Forest lichens and their substrata in Estonia
Modern car technology
The effects of ridging, row-spacing and seeding rate on carrot yield
The study of Roman imperial statues has made remarkable strides in the last two decades. Yet the field's understandable focus on extant portraits has made it difficult to generalize accurately. Most notably, bronze was usually the material of choice, but its high scrap value meant that such statues were inevitably melted down, so that almost all surviving statues are of stone.
3rd International symposium on soil disinfestation, Leuven, Belgium, 26-30 September 1988
How to make your car handle
Part 1 : 2nd symposium on horticultural substrates and their analysis, Guernsey, United Kingdom, 10-14 September 1990
The automotive chassis . Vol. 1, Components design
Manual Unit Tester Mechanics Platform
Development of Intelligent mobile platform for Decartus system : Mobile video surveillance system
The Automotive Chassis. Vol. 2, System design
Symposium on substrates in horticulture other than soils in situ, Dublin, Ireland, 12-16 September 1988
Plant culture media. Vol. 2, Commentary and analysis
Blogging for photographers : showcase your creativity & build your audience
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Moodle 3.x teaching techniques : creative ways to build powerful and effective online courses with Moodle 3.0
The automotive chassis : engineering principles : chassis and vehicle overall, wheel suspensions and types of drive, axle kinematics and elastokinematics, steering, springing, tyres, construction and calculations advice
The automotive chassis: engineering principles : chassis and vehicle overall, wheel suspensions and types of drive, axle kinematics and elastokinematics, steelring - springing - tyres, construction and calculations advice
Transformation into platform : How can an organization move to single-sided business to platforms? A case study at Lyyti
Soilless growth of plants : use of nutrient solutions, water, sand, cinder, etc
