http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15013 advertising agencies
advertising agencies
The advertiser's manual
Abstract.
Internationalisation of finnish advertising agencies
I am almost always hungry
Advertising agency-client relations : a strategic perspective
Global communication : theories, stakeholders, and trends
The advertising business : operations, creativity, media planning, integrated communications
Huomioarkkitehtuuria huomiotaloudelle : Mainostoimisto Ego, Helsinki : Attention architecture for an attention economy
Choosing & working with your advertising agency
"Hey, Whipple, Squeeze This." : a guide to creating great ads
Recruiting and selecting creative staff in four advertising agencies in Finland and Germany
Need for advertising agency services in small and medium sized companies
Career development in advertising industry
The practice of advertising
Market research for Aww Design
The fundamentals of creative advertising
International interfirm co-operation : a case study of advetising agency-client relationship
The Saatchi & Saatchi story
The Dentsu way : secrets of cross switch marketing from the world's most innovative advertising agency
Advertising and anthropology : ethnographic practice and cultural perspective
Globalizing ideal beauty : how female copywriters of the J. Walter Thompson Advertising Agency redefined beauty for the twentieth century
The advertising handbook
Copywriting : n. the creative process of writing text for advertisements or publicity material
MTL 1982 : jäsenluettelo = list of members : ydintietoa pätevistä mainostoimistoista
Intellectual property strategy and management in the advertising industry : a pattern description from Finland
Graphic artist of 1996 is proud to be a manipulator
USP Helsinki Kanavarannan vanhassa tiilimakasiinissa = The premises of USP Helsinki Oy in an old brick warehouse on Kanavaranta
SHD : super holland design new graphics / [designers: Herman Van Boostelen, Hans Gremmen, Arjan Groot... et al.]
Ogilvy on advertising
EGO : the difference between telling and selling
Under the radar : talking to today's cynical customer
Art direction explained, at last! / Steven Heller + Veronique Vienne
Advertising for people who don't like advertising / by KesselsKramer ; [commissioning editor: Jo Lightfoot ; senior editor: Melissa Danny]
Advertising cultures : gender, commerce, creativity
Audience economics : media institutions and the audience marketplace
Contemporary advertising and integrated marketing communications
Chiat/Day : The first twenty years
Using and choosing an advertising agency : an insider's view
The effect of media convergence on advertising and media agencies’ service offering
Advertising cultures
Social communication in advertising : persons, products & images of well-being
Advertising organizations and publications : a resource guide
The benefits of being a member of marketing communication agency networks for the advertising agencies
Advertising management : Cases in advertising management
Baltic media book. 2000.
Global communication : theories, stakeholders and trends
Markets in fashion : a phenomenological approach
In a heartbeat
Truth, lies and advertising : the art of account planning
Creative advertising : an introduction
Advertising : its business, culture and careers
From zero to fame : culture, determination and passion in the world of advertising
Graphis : Top Ten in Advertising
The marketing communications industry in flux : large B2C advertisers' viewpoint
More new business for Ad agencies
Creative Advertising : An Introduction explores the fundamentals of advertising and branding, providing an indispensable overview of creative thinking in advertising practice. The book offers clear guidance on portfolio presentation, making contacts and skills building, on crafting ideas in copy and art direction, and on working with others in the larger creative process. It is full of advice from some of the worlds leading figures in advertising and is illustrated with numerous examples of award-winning work. -- Back cover.
Exchange relationships in professional services : a study of relationship development in the advertising sector
Admen, mad men, and the real world of advertising : essential lessons for business and life
Brands and branding : creating a brand strategy
Mainostoimisto Mauseri = Advertising Agency Mauseri Tampere
Managing creativity : case study of an advertising agency
How disruption brought order : the story of a winning strategy in the world of advertising
Advertising and promotion : an integrated marketing communications perspective
Conflicting Accounts : the creation and crash of the Saatchi & Saatchi advertising empire
The effectiveness of poster marketing for a small travel agency : Case: Banaanimatkat
Creating a client development plan for advertising agency in Finland : case: N2
Managing the creative chaos : processes to the rescue at Parcero Marketing Partners Oy
Process; a Tomato project
The objective of the thesis was to discover how to make production personnel equally able to advance from production tasks to more demanding ones. The study aimed at identifying the obstacles that production personnel face and that possibly hinder the career development. The study originated from the author̕ s own experiences when working in one of the biggest Finnish advertising agencies.  A theoretical framework for the project was constructed on the basis of literature about the industry, career and career development, factors influencing career behaviour and organisational culture. In the empirical part of the thesis, the subjective experiences of the production personnel are presented. The primary data for this study was collected with qualitative research method because subjective and personal information was needed. The primary data was collected by eight thematic interviews. The interview themes were equality and its implementation at the workplace, the characteristics of the industry, career and career development, the obstacles to career advancement for women and organisational culture as enabler to career development. The interviews were face-to-face interviews, which enabled the respondents to openly express their opinions, feelings and experiences. The findings indicate that gender affects career development in advertising in this particular professional group. However there were differences among the agencies. There are several factors that hinder the production personnel̕ s career development. They are inequality between professional groups, indifference of the employer towards career development, a career path that is difficult to recognise, motherhood and family life, gender roles and gender stereotypes, stereotypical attitudes and prejudices and organisational culture, masculine organisational values and male behavioural models. All of the identified factors were set by the external environment and were such that the employees could not have an effect on themselves. It was evident that the production personnel as a professional group is neglected in career development activities and the working organisations are very masculine working environments. The findings also indicate that laws concerning equality are not fully followed but it would need a more extensive study to determine whether or not discrimination based on sex exists.
