http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1500 judiciary
judiciary
What does the worrld spend on criminal justice?
Courts and country : the limits of litigation and the social and political life of Canada
Legal reform in Korea
The Supreme Court and the constitution : essays in constitutional law from the Supreme Court review
Improving the legal process : effects of alternatives
Law in civil society
Stealing cars
Chancery equity records and proceedings 1600-1800 : a guide to documents in the Public Record Office
Through the analysis of legal documents surviving on papyrus such as petitions, reports of court proceedings & letters, this text examines the contribution that petitioning & litigation made to the maintenance of the social order in Roman Egypt between 30 BC & AD 284, & focuses on how the legal system achieved its formal goals.
Law and lawyers in the United States : the common law under stress
Beyond legal structure : division of competence between home and host states in the prudential supervision of significant credit institution branches in the EU
The machinery of justice in England
Semiotics and legislation : jurisprudential, insititutional and sociological perspectives
Reforming justice in Russia, 1864-1996 : power, culture, and the limits of legal order
Law and the image : the authority of art and the aesthetics of law
Justice in time of crisis : a staff report to the District of Columbia Committee on the Administration of Justice under Emergency Conditions
The politics of informal justice. 2, Comparative studies
German legal system and laws
European judicial systems : edition 2012 (data 2010) : efficiency and quality of justice
Elements of judicial strategy
European judicial systems : edition 2014 (2012 data) : efficiency and quality of justice
Why the West is best : a Muslim apostate's defense of liberal democracy
Transitional justice in Eastern Europe and the former Soviet Union : reckoning with the communist past
Louis XIV and the parlements : the assertion of royal authority
The French legal system
Leveraging the law : using the courts to achieve social change
Modern Chinese legal reform : new perspectives
English justices of the peace, 1416-1509
Legal sector report : for Albania
Law courts and lawyers in the city of London, 1300-1550
Administration of justice in Norway : a brief summary
Law profile of Finland
Juvenile justice policy : analyzing trends and outcomes
The Italian legal tradition
Courts and the political process in England
Report from the ADB symposium on challenges in implementing access to justice reforms, 26-28 January 2005.
The House of Lords has served as the highest court in the UK for over 130 years. In 2009 a new UK Supreme Court will take over its judicial functions, closing the doors on one of the most influential legal institutions in the world, and a major chapter in the history of the UK legal system. This volume gathers over 40 leading scholars and practitioners from the UK and beyond to provide a comprehensive history of the House of Lords as a judicial institution, charting its role, working practices, reputation and impact on the law and UK legal system. The book examines the origins of the House's judicial work; the different phases in the court's history; the international reputation and influence of the House in the legal profession; the domestic perception of the House outside the law; and the impact of the House on the UK legal tradition and substantive law. The book offers an invaluable overview of the Judicial House of Lords and a major historical record for the UK legal system as it opens the next chapter in its history.
The American judicial tradition : profiles of leading American judges
The semblance of justice in Shakepeare's Venice and Vienna
American court management : theories and practices
Race on trial : law and justice in American history
Introduction to the legal system of the United States
Criminal justice systems in Europe
Prohibition gangsters : the rise and fall of a bad generation
People's assessors in the courts : a study on the sociology of law
Cases and materials on constitutional and administrative law
Jurisprudence in the Middle Ages
Irish law and lawyers in modern folk tradition
EDP systems for the administration of courts and related systems : reports presented at the colloquy
The German legal system and legal language : a general survey together with notes and German vocabulary
Writing authority : elite competition and written law in early Greece
Russian legal texts : the foundations of a rule-of-law state and a market economy
Politics and the courts : toward a general theory of public law
The undertaker's widow
Judicial power and public liability for judicial acts
Japanese law and legal theory
An introduction to the legal system
Translating politico-juridical texts in the context of war and conflict : a self-reflective study on Hebrew-Finnish translation
The closing chapter
Transitional justice and civil society in the Balkans
The Supreme Court from Taft to Warren
The organs of Soviet administration of justice : their history and operation
Initiatives to support and develop the Palestinian Reconciliation Process : task Force for the Promotion of Palestinian Reconciliation : outcomes of the three workshops held in Helsinki, Ankara and Instanbul 2010-2011
Religion and law in independent India
Seminar on the judicial administration in the new millennium : Beijing 16-18 November 1999 : proceedings
Walker & Walker's English legal system
Attacks on justice : the harassment and persecution of judges and lawyers January-December 1995
Wild justice : the evolution of revenge
Petitions, litigation, and social control in Roman Egypt
The pursuit of justice
The influence of American theories of judicial review on Nordic constitutional law
Law and society
China's long march toward rule of law
The Pound Conference : perspectives on justice in the future : proceedings of the National Conference on the Causes of Popular Dissatisfaction with the Administration of Justice
Law and authority in the early middle ages : the Frankish leges in the Carolingian period
Access to justice and the welfare state
The county courts of medieval England 1150-1350
Once a jolly hangman : Singapore justice in the dock
The faces of justice and state authority : a comparative approach to the legal process
European judicial systems 2002 : facts and figures on the basis of a survey conducted in 40 Council of Europe member states
Law and modern society
Justice and technology in Europe : how ICT is changing the judicial business
Courts, counties, and the capital in the later Middle Ages
Outline of the U.S. Legal System
Legal mobilization under authoritarianism : the case of post-colonial Hong Kong
Justice and the law in the Federal Republic of Germany
The political role of the United States Supreme Court : case study abortion
Japanese legal system : text and materials
Government and politics of the United States
Judges and jurors : their functions, qualifications and selection
Yifazhiguo yu sifa gaige = Rule of law and judical reform
"The number of women elected to Latin American legislatures has grown significantly over the past 30 years. Yet, wide variation persists across countries within the region. These patterns generate politically relevant and theoretically challenging questions about the causes and consequences of women's representation in Latin America. Why have the numbers of women in office increased in some countries and why does it vary across others? What does having women in office mean for how representatives legislate? And, what consequences does the election of women have for representative democracy, more generally? This book answers these questions by articulating a comprehensive theory of women's representation and testing this theory empirically in Latin America. It first examines explanations for the varying gender representativeness of Latin American legislatures. Then, it focuses on how a legislator's gender affects four types of substantive representation, specifically legislators' political preferences, policymaking behavior, leadership posts and committee assignments, and home-style activities. Finally, it examines how women's representation affects citizen views of representative democracy in the region. Ultimately, this book communicates the complex and often incomplete nature of women's political representation in Latin America." --Publisher's description.
The challenge of change for judicial systems : developing a public administration perspective
The judicialization of politics in Latin America
Anglo-China : Chinese people and British rule in Hong Kong 1841-1880
The federal courts : crisis and reform
The Judicial system in the USSR : (basic insight)
The iconoclast as reformer : Jerome Frank's impact on American law
African law : adaptation and development
Law and the administration of justice
The government of the Soviet Union
The emancipation of Soviet law
Basic English law
Judging policy : courts and policy reform in democratic Brazil
We, in the West in general, and the United States in particular, have witnessed over the last twenty years a slow erosion of our civilizational self-confidence. Under the influence of intellectuals and academics in Western universities, intellectuals such as Gore Vidal, Susan Sontag, Edward Said, and Noam Chomsky, and destructive intellectual fashions such as post-modernism, moral relativism, and multiculturalism, the West has lost all self-confidence in its own values, and seems incapable and unwilling to defend those values. By contrast, resurgent Islam, in all its forms, is supremely confident, and is able to exploit the West's moral weakness and cultural confusion to demand ever more concessions from her. The growing political and demographic power of Muslim communities in the West, aided and abetted by Western apologists of Islam, not to mention a compliant, pro-Islamic US Administration, has resulted in an ever-increasing demand for the implementation of Islamic law - the Sharia - into the fabric of Western law, and Western constitutions. There is an urgent need to examine why the Sharia is totally incompatible with Human Rights and the US Constitution. This book, the first of its kind, proposes to examine the Sharia and its potential and actual threat to democratic principles. This book defines and defends Western values, strengths and freedoms often taken for granted. This book also tackles the taboo subjects of racism in Asian culture, Arab slavery, and Islamic Imperialism. It begins with a homage to New York City, as a metaphor for all we hold dear in Western culture - pluralism, individualism, freedom of expression and thought, the complete freedom to pursue life, liberty and happiness unhampered by totalitarian regimes, and theocratic doctrines.
American government : readings and documents
An introduction to the legal system of the United States
Orthodoxy and the courts in late antiquity
Representing order : crime, law, and justice in the news media
Monitoring the EU accession process: judicial independence
The judiciary in Central and Eastern Europe : mechanical jurisprudence in transformation
The Supreme Court on unions : why labor law is failing American workers
National confidence in the judiciary
Integration through law : Europe and the American Federal Experience. Vol. 1, Methods, tools and institutions. Book 2, Political organs, integration techniques and judicial process
Tuomioistuinsanasto = Domstolsordlista = Glossary of court terms = Glossar der Gerichtsterminologie = Vocabulaire de la justice
Bird in a cage : legal reform in China after Mao
The independence of the judiciary : the view from the Lord Chancellor's Office
Free speech in its forgotten years
Nepal : administration and social reforms
Thurgood Marshall : American revolutionary
Girls, delinquency, and juvenile justice
Judicial power and national politics : courts and gender in the religious-secular conflict in Israel
A question of belief
Dr. Johnson's London : life in London, 1740-1770
Criticism of the judiciary by the media
Is killing wrong? : a study in pure sociology
Law and the media : the future of an uneasy relationship
Comparative studies on the judicial review system in East and Southeast Asia
Law and legal system of the Russian Federation
Justice denied : the case for reform of the courts
The progress in legal information systems in Europe : reports presented at the symposium
Youth justice : ideas, policy, practice
Law in Afghanistan : a study of the constitutions, matrimonial law and the judiciary
Summary proceedings
Integration through law : Europe and the American Federal Experience. Vol. 1, Methods, tools and institutions. Book 3, Forces and potential for a European identity
Imperfect alternatives : choosing institutions in law, economics, and public policy
Contra potentium iniurias : the Defensor Civitatis and late Roman justice
The Austrian judicial system : institutions - agencies - services
Equality before the law : Deaf people's access to justice
The impact of the United States supreme court : some perspectives
Environmental policy : new directions for the twenty-first century
Fact, fiction and forensic evidence : the potential of judicial sources for historical research in the early modern period
Judicial institutions in nineteenth-century Latin America
Politics and the administration of justice
Crime and the courts in England 1660-1800
"The barbarian law codes, compiled between the sixth to eighth centuries, were copied remarkably frequently in the Carolingian ninth century. They provide crucial evidence for early medieval society, including the settlement of disputes, the nature of political authority, literacy, and the construction of ethnic identities. Yet it has proved extremely difficult to establish why the codes were copied in the ninth century, how they were read, and how their rich evidence should be used. Thomas Faulkner tackles these questions more systematically than ever before, proposing new understandings of the relationship between the making of law and royal power, and the reading of law and the maintenance of ethnic identities. Faulkner suggests major reinterpretations of central texts, including the Carolingian law codes, the capitularies adding to the laws, and Carolingian revisions of earlier barbarian and Roman laws. He also provides detailed analysis of legal manuscripts, especially those associated with the 'leges-scriptorium'"--
Are Deaf people equal before the law? Do they have equal access to the justice system? These questions are exploired in this book which draws upon the work of a major research project, 'Access to Justice for Deaf People in the Bilingual, Bimodal Courtroom'. This project was carried out by a research team at the University of Durham. For three years researchers observed a wide range of court cases in which Deaf people were involved as defendants or accused, witnesses or victims. Some court proceedings were video-taped, but the research team also carried out in-depth interviews with Deaf people and interpreters, as well as conducting a survey among interpreters.
Canadian political facts 1945-1976
The judiciary
Integrated work stations in the legal sector and decision support systems : reports presented at the colloquy
From the Publisher: "Thou shalt not kill" is arguably the most basic moral and legal principle in any society. Yet while some killers are pilloried and punished, others are absolved and acquitted, and still others are lauded and lionized. Why? The traditional answer is that how killers are treated depends on the nature of their killing, whether it was aggressive or defensive, intentional or accidental. But those factors cannot explain the enormous variation in legal officials' and citizens' responses to real-life homicides. Cooney argues that a radically new style of thought-pure sociology-can. Conceived by the sociologist Donald Black, pure sociology makes no reference to psychology, to any single person's intent, or even to individuals as such. Instead, pure sociology explains behavior in terms of its social geometry-its location and direction in a multidimensional social space. Is Killing Wrong? provides the most comprehensive assessment of pure sociology yet attempted. Drawing on data from well over one hundred societies, including the modern day United States, it represents the most thorough account yet of case-level social control, or the response to conduct defined as wrong. In doing so, it demonstrates that the law and morality of homicide are neither universal nor relative but geometrical, as predicted by Black's theory.
Justifying legal punishment
The psychologist as expert witness
The nine : inside the secret world of the Supreme Court
Legal institutions
The American legal system : the administration of justice in the United States by judicial, administrative, military, and arbitral tribunals
Contentual differentiation of penalty demands and expectations with regard to justice
A digest of information on the criminal justice system : crime and justice in England and Wales
Political power and women's representation in Latin America
The Judicial House of Lords 1876-2009
Trust in the law : encouraging public cooperation with the police and courts
A despotism of law : crime and justice in early colonial India
Hitler's justice : the courts of the Third Reich
Principles and procedures in the administration of justice
Making and applying law in Finland
Snitch : informants, cooperators, and the corruption of justice
In the Godfather Garden : the long life and times of Richie "the Boot" Boiardo
Task force report : the courts
Beyond democracy in Cambodia : political reconstruction in a post-conflict society
Raising the bar : the emerging legal profession in East Asia
Systems based on artificial intelligence in the legal field
The politics of informal justice. 1, The American experience
Courts and transition in Russia : the challenge of judicial reform
Governing America : the politics of a divided democracy
