http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1506 homicides
homicides
The madness underneath
Evidence, crime, and the legal profession : the emergence of free evaluation of evidence in the Finnish nineteenth-century criminal procedure
Homicide in Finland, the Netherlands and Sweden : a first study on the European homicide monitor data
Criminal violence in Scandinavia : selected topics
Perpetration-induced traumatic stress : the psychological consequences of killing
Sole survivor : children who murder their families
Secret. 1
Homicide : a year on the killing streets
Lucifer's tears
The pathology of homicide : a vade mecum for pathologist, prosecutor and defense counsel. Vol. 2
Arctic justice : on trial for murder, Pond Inlet, 1923
The mammoth book of undercover cops
American crime story. 1, The People v. O. J. Simpson
Abstract.
From hell
Portrait of a killer : Jack the Ripper : case closed
Crime, gender and sexuality in criminal prosecutions
Highwaymen and outlaws
Musical mysteries : from Mozart to John Lennon
The human side of homicide
The nutshell studies of unexplained death : essays and photographs
Summary: A predetermined truth : infanticide and accomplice in 18th century Finland through gender, body and social control.
... And never let her go : Thomas Capano : the deadly seducer
Deadly secrets
Homicides and suicides in Finland and their dependence on national character : with an additional chapter: the theories of Morselli and Ferri on homicides and suicides and the attitude to them of Tarde and Durkheim
Crime beat : true stories of cops and killers
Murdered : soul suspect : PlayStation 3
Homicide : perspectives on prevention
Bloodstream
Embarking on a unique study of Roman criminal law, Judy Gaughan has developed a novel understanding of the nature of social and political power dynamics in republican government. Revealing the significant relationship between political power and attitudes toward homicide in the Roman republic, "Murder Was Not a Crime" describes a legal system through which families (rather than the government) were given the power to mete out punishment for murder. With implications that could modify the most fundamental beliefs about the Roman republic, Gaughan's research maintains that Roman criminal law did not contain a specific enactment against murder, although it had done so prior to the overthrow of the monarchy. While kings felt an imperative to hold monopoly over the power to kill, Gaughan argues, the republic phase ushered in a form of decentralized government that did not see itself as vulnerable to challenge by an act of murder. And the power possessed by individual families ensured that the government would not attain the responsibility for punishing homicidal violence. Drawing on surviving Roman laws and literary sources, "Murder Was Not a Crime" also explores the dictator Sulla's "murder law," arguing that it lacked any government concept of murder and was instead simply a collection of earlier statutes repressing poisoning, arson, and the carrying of weapons. Reinterpreting a spectrum of scenarios, Gaughan makes new distinctions between the paternal head of household and his power over life and death, versus the power of consuls and praetors to command and kill.
Dance of the assassins
When children kill : the dynamics of juvenile homicide
Strangers on a train
Death of a little princess : the tragic story of the murder of JonBenét Ramsey
Dark days : a memoir
The Chisolm massacre : a picture of "home rule" in Mississippi
Predicting the criminal record of a homicide offender from victim and circumstantial characteristics related to antisocial lifestyle
The crimes of Jack the Ripper
Homicide crime scene : behaviors in a Finnish sample of mentally ill offenders
Killing the beloved : homicide between adult sexual intimates
The big silence
"This collection presents and analyzes inquest records that tell the stories of ordinary Korean people under the Chosŏn court (1392-1910). Extending the study of this period, usually limited to elites, into the realm of everyday life, each inquest record includes a detailed postmortem examination and features testimony from everyone directly or indirectly related to the incident. The result is an amazingly vivid, colloquial account of the vibrant, multifaceted societal and legal cultures of early modern Korea. Sun Joo Kim is the Harvard-Yenching Professor of Korean History at Harvard University. Jungwon Kim is assistant professor of Korean history at Columbia University; 'This book provides an extremely rare view into social interactions among people of quite different classes in Chosŏn Korea. Points of interest abound'--Robert E. Hegel, Washington University, St. Louis; 'This is an important contribution that significantly advances our knowledge of nineteenth-century Korean legal history. The translated cases shine by being able to introduce daily struggles of non-elites and illustrate the complex dynamics of the judiciary system during the last century of the Chosŏn dynasty'--Jisoo Kim, George Washington University"--
Altamont : the Rolling Stones, the Hells Angels, and the inside story of rock's darkest day
The maul and the pear tree
The pathology of homicide : a vade mecum for pathologist, prosecutor and defense counsel. Vol. 1
"After her near-fatal run-in with the Jack the Ripper copycat, Rory Devereaux is back in London to help solve a new string of inexplicable deaths plaguing the city".
Five years after her husband's murder, Laurie Moran, an award-winning TV producer and single mother, starts filming a new "cold case" series in which four women involved in the unsolved murder of a wealthy Westchester matron reunite to recreate the scene of the crime -- along with the real killer / WorldCat.
The innocent man : murder and injustice in a small town
A history of murder : personal violence in Europe from the Middle Ages to the present
Murder and penal policy
Homicide in Finland : trends and patterns in historical and comparative perspective
Son of a gun : a memoir
Suicide and homicide : some economic, sociological and psychological aspects of aggression
Killing in self-defence
The inheritor's powder : a cautionary tale of poison, betrayal and greed
Crimes of violence : an enquiry by the Cambridge Institute of Criminology into crimes of violence against the person in London
Dry ice : a novel
What she left behind
Two graves
Crime is not the problem : lethal violence in America
Murder most rare : the female serial killer
Finnish homicides and mental disorders : an investigation of offense and offender characteristics
Going postal : rage, murder and rebellion in America
Murder houses of London
The intent to kill : making sense of murder
Murders and madness : medicine, law, and society in the Fin de Siècle
Izzy Stone struggles to solve the mysteries surrounding her mentally ill mother and discover a place to truly call home.
Psychiatric disorders and homicidal behavior in Finland
Helter Skelter : the true story of the Manson murders
Wrongful deaths : selected inquest records from nineteenth-century Korea
Crossfire : the plot that killed Kennedy
From swords to sorrow : homicide and suicide in early modern Stockholm
Police : [a Harry Hole thriller]
Very British murder : the story of a national obsession
The girls : a novel
The complete Jack the Ripper : A-Z
Crime has formed the basis of countless plots in music theater and opera. Several famous composers were murder victims or believed to be murdered, and one of the greatest Renaissance composers slaughtered his wife and her lover. In Musical mysteries, renowned true crime historian Albert Borowitz turns his attention to the long and complex history of music and crime.
The unlucky lottery : an inspector Van Veereren mystery
Women murdered by the men they loved
Men of blood : murder in modern England
When London walked in terror
Another day in the death of America
Nature's cruel stepdames : murderous women in the street literature of seventeenth century England
Forensic psychiatry
With malice aforethought : a study of the crime and punishment for homicide
Masterpieces in miniature : the detectives : stories
Pictures at an execution
Summary.
The strange case of Mr. Hyde
Handbook of European homicide research : patterns, explanations, and country studies
Crimes against the person
Murder was not a crime : homicide and power in the Roman republic
Somebody's husband, somebody's son : the story of the Yorkshire Ripper
The homicide wave in Finland from 1905 to 1932.
Secret. 3, Final
A body in Barcelona
The making of a detective
Filicide, intra-familial child homicides in Finland 1970-1994
Suicide and homicide among adolescents
Jack the Ripper unmasked : the real identity of the world's most infamous killer is revealed at last
The savage city : race, murder and a generation on the edge
The enemy within : homicide and control in Eastern Finland in the final years of Swedish rule 1748-1808
Rock 'n' roll Babylon
The tension among the survivors of the bus accident reaches its threshold as the one-week deadline finally arrives. The three killers may have confessed, but does this mean that all their sins are accounted for? What truly constitutes a crime? Or to what extent is an action criminal? And when the gavel falls on their sentences, perhaps all might not be as it seems.
Evidence, crime and the legal profession : the emergence of free evaluation of evidence in the Finnish nineteenth-century criminal procedure
Lethal aspects of urban violence
The complete Jack the Ripper
The girls
Ghastly business
Jack the Ripper : the definitive history
The history of Australian true crime : true-life stories of greed, obsession, drugs and murder
Homicide in the biblical world
The murder of Mr. Grebell : madness and civility in an English town
Did she kill him? : a Victorian tale of deception, adultery and arsenic
Ghastly Business
Homicidal women in Finland 1982-1992
Secret. 2
Homicides and suicides in Finland and their dependence on national character
Permissible killing : the self-defence justification of homicide
Dike phonou : the right of prosecution and Attic homicide procedure
Provocation and responsibility
Helsinki white
When men kill : scenarios of masculine violence
Unsolved murders and mysteries
Murdered : soul suspect : Xbox One
The mammoth book of new CSI
Professional killers
Strangers on a train : a play
School rampage shootings and other youth disturbances : early preventative interventions
If I did it
Five centuries of violence in Finland and the Baltic area
In the name of love and other true cases
Homicide : the hidden victims : a guide for professionals
Madness of a seduced  woman
