http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15031 Viking raids
Viking raids
Danish in the South and the North. Vol. 1, Denmark : introduction : prehistory
Viking attacks on Paris : the Bella parisiacae urbis of Abbo of Saint-Germain-des-Prés
Visitors to ancient America : the evidence for European and Asian presence in America prior to Columbus
From Viking to Crusader : the Scandinavians and Europe 800-1200
The millennium between the breakup of the western Roman Empire and the Reformation was a long and hugely transformative period--one not easily chronicled within the scope of a few hundred pages. Yet distinguished historian Chris Wickham has taken up the challenge in this landmark book, and he succeeds in producing the most riveting account of medieval Europe in a generation. Tracking the entire sweep of the Middle Ages across Europe, Wickham focuses on important changes century by century, including such pivotal crises and moments as the fall of the western Roman Empire, Charlemagne's reforms, the feudal revolution, the challenge of heresy, the destruction of the Byzantine Empire, the rebuilding of late medieval states, and the appalling devastation of the Black Death. He provides illuminating vignettes that underscore how shifting social, economic, and political circumstances affected individual lives and international events. Wickham offers both a new conception of Europe's medieval period and a provocative revision of exactly how and why the Middle Ages matter.
The Norse Atlantic saga : being the Norse voyages of discovery and settlement to Iceland, Greenland, America
Denmark and Early Christianity in Finland
Encyclopaedia of the Viking age
The Vinland voyages
Vikings at war
Viking : the Norse warrior's (unofficial) manual
Braving the North Atlantic : the Vikings, the Cabots, and Jacques Cartier voyage to America
The last vikings : the epic story of the great Norse voyagers
Viking trade and settlement in Continental Western Europe
Penannular brooches from Ryurikovo Gorodishche
The Viking discovery of America : the excavation of a Norse Settlement in L'Anse aux Meadows, Newfoundland
Vikings : The battle at the end of time
The Vikings : lords of the seas
Fenno-Ugri et Slavi 1997 : Cultural Contacts in the Area of the Gulf of Finland in the 9th - 13th Centuries
The Penguin historical atlas of the vikings
Cultural atlas of the viking world
The vicious Vikings
The world of the Vikings
The Northmen Columbus and Cabot, 985-1503
Studies on the Vineland voyages
Find out about the vikings : what life was like for the ancient seafares of the north
Viking World
Ultima Thule : Arctic explorations
A brief history of the Vikings : the last pagans or the first modern Europeans?
Coin datings in Finnish archaeology
The Vikings and their origins : Scandinavia in the first millennium
Historical atlas of the Viking world
What a viking!
The Oxford illustrated history of the vikings
A history of the vikings
Viking : hammer of the North
The vikings
The medieval expansion of Europe
A history of the Vikings
The Rus project : a Finnish diving into the world of the Viking age shipbuilder and seafarer
Viikinkisodat : the Norse terror
The vikings : wolves of war
Vikings : the North Atlantic saga
In search of first contact : the Vikings of Vinland, the peoples of the Dawnland, and the Anglo-American anxiety of discovery
Vikings : a dark history of the Norse people
The Norse Atlantic saga
Kings and wikings : Scandinavia and Europe AD 700-1100
Vikings : the battle at the end of time
The conquest of the North Atlantic
Halfdan : Halfdan was here! : the Byzantine Empire and Scandinavia 400-1000 AD
Death, destruction and commemoration : tracing ritual activities in Finnish Late Iron Age cemeteries (AD 550-1150)
Follow the Vikings : highlights of the Viking world
A knight at the movies : medieval history on film
The Vikings : voyagers of discovery and plunder
The Viking age : a reader
Erikson, Eskimos & Columbus : medieval European knowledge of America
Bjarmaland (also Biarmaland, Biarmia, Byarmia, Bjarmia) and its inhabitants (Bjarmar, Beormas, Biarmar) are known to us through c. 30 medieval written sources, most of them written in Norse, a few in Latin and one in Anglo-Saxon. Majority of the texts were written during the 13th century, but the stories they relate may nevertheless be of earlier date. The Kings' Sagas in particular often refer to 10th century events. Oldest of the sources is the so-called Ohthere's account, a 9th century Anglo-Saxon text added to the OE Orosius translation. The rest of the sources are of Norse-Icelandic origin including a number of konungasögur, a few chronicles and íslendingasögur, some texts of geographical nature, a couple of þáttr, and a number of fornaldarsögur as well as six annals. Additionally Haralds saga gráfeldar contains a few skaldic verses.Written sources locate Bjarmaland to the White Sea. The words Terfinna land connect the location with the Kola Peninsula and the environs of the Varzuga River whereas the name Gandvík guides our interest towards the Kantalahti Bay of the White Sea. The name 'Vína' can be connected with either the Northern Dvina River or Viena Karelia. Written sources portray the Bjarmians as permanently settled group of Baltic Fennic speaking people that lived in the north of Europe since the Viking Age (first mentioned in writing in the 9th century) until the early Middle Ages (mid-13th century). Involvement in the international fur trade is implied and continuous contacts with Norwegians with both looting and trade as integral part of interaction are present in the descriptions. The Bjarmians cannot be connected ethnically with any existing group of people but must be considered as a group of their own. The origin of the specific ethnical identity most likely lies in economical interaction (trade with furs and possibly other items) with neighbouring areas. Since 12th-13th centuries new settlers moved to the northern areas and many political and economical changes occurred in Northern Fennoscandia and Russia, all of which would have contributed to a change that left the Bjarmians out of written sources.
The Finnish population of the medieval cities of Northern Russia
Viking America : the first millennium
The eastern route : Finland in the Viking Age
The last Vikings : the epic story of the great Norse voyagers
The age of the Vikings
The Northern world : the history and heritage of Northern Europe : AD 400-1100
Northmen : the Viking saga AD 793-1241
The vikings and America
Marks of Fire, Value and Faith : Swords with Ferrous Inlays in Finland during the Late Iron Age (ca. 700-1200 AD)
The Viking world
New studies of viking age and medieval swords from the collection of the National Museum of Finland
Lords of the sea : the vikings explore the North Atlantic
Viking invaders and settlers
On the factors influencing the formation and development of Karelian culture between the eleventh and thirteenth centuries
Bead finds from the Viking and Crusade Periods : indicators of cultural contacts or ethnic identity?
Viking expansion westwards
Ireland and Scandinavia in the early Viking age
Maps, myths, and men : the story of the Vinland map
A late Iron Age silver deposit found at Nanguniemi, Inari, Finland
The Vikings in history
