http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1503 pacifism
pacifism
The politics of nonviolent action. Part 1, Power and struggle
Ideas and opinions
The unfinished man
The sociology of war and peace
Twentieth-century pacifism
This is the story of a group of women of various ages, backgrounds, nationalities, and sexual orientations who met at the US Airforce base at Greenham Common. Based on in-depth interviews and her own personal experience, Sasha Roseneil reveals how their challenges to traditional values, politics, and lifestyles signaled a bold step forward for queer feminist politics. The voices of the women are strong, lively, engaging, and often very funny. The remembrances of their exciting, life-changing times at Greenham captures a moment in history when ordinary women did some extraordinary things.
Above the battlefield : modernism and the peace movement in Britain, 1900-1918
Terror, terrorism, and the human condition
Pacifism to 1914 : an overview
Pacifism is popular. Many hold that war is unnecessary, since peaceful means of resolving conflict are always available, if only we had the will to look for them. Or they believe that war is wicked, essentially involving hatred of the enemy and carelessness of human life. Or they posit the absolute right of innocent individuals not to be deliberately killed, making it impossible to justify war in practice. Peace, however, is not simple. Peace for some can leave others at peace to perpetrate mass atrocity. What was peace for the West in 1994 was not peace for the Tutsis of Rwanda. Therefore, against the virus of wishful thinking, anti-military caricature, and the domination of moral deliberation by rights-talk In Defence of War asserts that belligerency can be morally justified, even though tragic and morally flawed. Recovering the Christian tradition of reflection running from Augustine to Grotius, this book affirms aggressive war in punishment of grave injustice. Morally realistic in adhering to universal moral principles, it recognises that morality can trump legality, justifying military intervention even in transgression of positive international law-as in the case of Kosovo. Less cynical and more empirically realistic about human nature than Hobbes, it holds that nations desire to be morally virtuous and right, and not only to be safe and fat. And aspiring to practical realism, it argues that love and the doctrine of double effect can survive combat; and that the constraints of proportionality, while real, are nevertheless sufficiently permissive to encompass Britain's belligerency in 1914-18. Finally, in a painstaking analysis of the Iraq invasion of 2003, In Defence of War culminates in an account of how the various criteria of just war should be thought together. It also concludes that, all things considered, the invasion was justified.
People building peace II : successful stories of civil society
Challenge to Mars : essays on pacifism from 1918 to 1945
American power and the new mandarins
On war and morality
Most dangerous women : bringing history to life through readers̕ theater
Interpretations of conflict : ethics, pacifism, and the just-war tradition
Nonviolence  : the history of a dangerous idea
Nonkilling psychology
Born on the Fourth of July
Gandhi's dilemma : nonviolent principles and nationalist power
Testament of youth : an autobiographical study of the years 1900-1925
Resister : a story of protest and prison during the Vietnam War
Killer fashion revolution : combining peace education with participatory art and design
The present volume brings together 24 authors and 14 disciplines (including anthropology, arts, biology, economics, engineering, geography, health sciences, history, linguistics, mathematics, philosophy, physics, psychology and sociology) to seriously consider the prospects for the realization of nonkilling societies and to challenge each discipline's role in the necessary social and scientific transformation toward a killing-free world--Pub.
Women and peace : theoretical, historical and practical perspectives
The courage of cowards : the untold stories of First World War conscientious objectors
Toward a warless world : the travail of the American peace movement 1887-1914
Not one more death
Peacework : oral histories of women peace activists
Obey : e pluribus venom : the art of Shepard Fairey
Human smoke : the beginnings of World War II, the end of civilization
Maternal thinking : towards a politics of peace
Pacifism and conscientious objection in Finland, 1918-1945
Of love and other wars
Antiwarriors : the Vietnam war and the battle for America's hearts and minds
Third power [by] Vinoba
Pacifism : an historical and sociological study
Love your enemies : discipleship, pacifism and just war theory
Body of war : songs that inspired an Iraq war veteran
The powers that be : theology for a new millennium
Pacifism in Europe to 1914
The Mahatma and mother India : essays on Gandhi's non-violence and nationalism
A brief history of pacifism : from Jesus to Tolstoy
Aggression and crimes against peace
Pacifism as pathology : reflections on the role of armed struggle in North America
The outside lands
Peace is the way : a guide to pacifist views and actions
For peace in Europe : institutions and civil society between the world wars = Pour la paix en Europe : institutions et société civile dans l'entre-deux-guerres
The collected papers of Bertrand Russell. Vol. 21, How to keep the peace : the pacifist dilemma 1935-38
The kingdom beyond the waves
From warism to pacifism : A moral continuum
Christus victor
In defence of war
Waging nonviolent struggle : 20th century practice and 21st century potential
The ethics of war and peace : cosmopolitan and other perspectives
Non-violence in peace & war
Against religion, wars, and states : the case for enlightenment atheism, just war pacifism, and liberal-democratic anarchism
The ethics of war
The Vietnam war left a gash in the heart of America that can still be felt today. The War Within is the definitive history of America's internal battle over that war, and it chronicles, as no other book has done, the full story of how a powerful grassroots force--the antiwar movement--changed the course of American history. Tom Wells spent over ten years painstakingly researching government and antiwar-movement documents and interviewing virtually every key player from the Vietnam era--from Dean Rusk, William Westmoreland, and John Ehrlichman to Dave Dellinger, Philip Berrigan, and Daniel Ellsberg. Wells moves from protests at the White House gates to antiwar meeting halls, recreating the activities of the student factions, religious organizations, political splinter groups, and other organizations that waged campaigns of mass protest, draft resistance, civil disobedience, and sometimes political violence. Here, too, are the behind-the-scenes planning sessions of Democratic and Republican administrations as they sought to discredit and subvert the antiwar movement's efforts. Wells demonstrates that Washington took the antiwar movement seriously at every stage of the war and that the movement was instrumental in the eventual withdrawal of U.S. forces from Southeast Asia. He also reveals how the movement's growing influence prompted the Watergate fiasco. And he graphically conveys the internecine conflicts that plagued the antiwar movement and its leaders. In these pages the human drama of the antiwar era unfolds through the words of its participants, both the famous and the forgotten. Wells not only captures the spirit of these tumultuous times but also shows how the events of twenty-five years ago shaped the America of today.
Dr. Strangelove or: how I learned to stop worrying and love the bomb
Emily Greene Balch : the long road to internationalism
Peace Pilgrim : her life and work in her own words
The pacifist option : the moral argument against war in Eastern Orthodox theology
Suppression, struggle and success : studies on three representatives of cultural life in Sweden: Fredrika Bremer, Andreas Kempe and Linnaeus
Pacifism and English literature : minstrels of peace
Disposition matrix : the design and development process of a critical war game
Building peace : sustainable reconciliation in divided societies
Dr. Strangelove : or: how I learned to stop worrying and love the bomb
Concerning war : a critical reader in contemporary art
Gandhi and King : the power of nonviolent resistance
Pacifism in the twentieth century
Nonkilling societies
Transform! : European journal for alternative thinking and political dialogue. 02/2008, [Reform of the revolution]
Nonviolence in theory and practice
A pacifist way of knowing : John Howard Yoder's nonviolent epistemology
Common women, uncommon practices : the queer feminisms of Greenham
Jesus the warrior? : historical Christian perspectives & problems on the morality of war & the waging of peace
Three guineas
The long loneliness : the autobiography of Dorothy Day
A time to kill : the myth of christian pacifism
A farewell to arms
Star Peace : A musical drama in three acts
Anarchism : a documentary history of libertarian ideas. Vol. 2, The emergence of the new anarchism (1939-1977)
Arthur Schnitzler and politics
War resistance
The war resister
Women and war
Johnny got his gun
Pacifism in the United States : from the colonial era to the First World War
This book is about decisions. Not the everyday kind such as "What should I wear today?" or "Where shall we eat tonight?" but decisions that deal with life, death, and protecting the innocent. Self defense is not only about individual survival; self defense can also decide the fate of a nation and all its citizens. "A Time to Kill: The Myth of Christian Pacifism" answers questions such as: Do federal, state, and local laws allow citizens to defend themselves against criminal attack? What means are available for self defense? What strategies should one use to avoid potential conflict. Can Christians defend themselves against Islamic extremists? Is pacifism in the Bible? Do the Gospels say Jesus was a pacifist? What if God commands us to use deadly force to defend the innocent? How do Jesus and the New Testament writers feel about the military? What does the Bible say about the death penalty? Can Christians sit on juries and vote for the death penalty? Can Jesus' teachings help soldiers with combat-induced PTSD? Does the Bible have a consistent message about self-defense from the Old Testament to the New?”
Mobilizing for peace : the antinuclear movements in Western Europe
IFOR newsletter
The power of nonviolence : writings by advocates of peace
Humanitarian intervention : just war vs. pacifism
Why men fight
The war within : America's battle over Vietnam
The origins of war prevention : the British peace movement and international relations, 1730-1854
Dialectics of war : an essay in the social theory of total war and peace
Rebels against war : the American peace movement, 1933-1983
Ethics of war and conflict
Arthur Ponsonby : the politics of life
Anti-war activism : new media and protest in the information age
Transform! : European journal for alternative thinking and political dialogue. 01/2007, Re-founding the European Union?
Nonviolence : the history of a dangerous idea
Virginia Woolf and war : fiction, reality, and myth
Reflections on violence
War and christian ethics
Peace : a history of movements and ideas
Pacifism in Japan : the Christian and socialist tradition
Justice and violence : political violence, pacifism and cultural transformation
