http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15082 testament law
testament law
The present book deals with the testamentary practice as seen through papyri, tablets, doctrinal and literary sources, manuscript tradition, etc. mostly in the period after the constitutio Antoniniana. The aim of Wills in the Roman empire: a documentary approach is to reconstruct how people applied law and how testamentary practice looked like in everyday life: how wills were made and opened, what was the meaning of particular dispositions. These questions constitute a part of a wider discussion concerning the level of knowledge and application of Roman law in the provinces after the edict of Caracalla. The book is supplemented with four Appendices, where all wills from the Hellenistic, Roman, and Byzantine periods are collected for the first time in scholarly literature.
Biotechnology and the challenge of property : property rights in dead bodies, body parts, and genetic information
Divine covenants and moral order : a biblical theology of natural law
Lex Talionis in early Judaism and the exhortation of Jesus in Matthew 5.38-42
The written will in Anglo-Saxon England : an analysis of structural elements and the act of bequeathing
This book addresses the old question of natural law in its interesting contemporary context. David VanDrunen draws on both his Reformed theological heritage and the broader Christian natural law tradition to develop a constructive theology of natural law through a thorough study of Scripture. The biblical covenants organize VanDrunen's study. Part 1 addresses the covenant of creation and the covenant with Noah, exploring how these covenants provide a foundation for understanding God's governance of the whole world under the natural law. Part 2 treats the redemptive covenants that God established with such people as Abraham and Moses and explores the obligations of God's people to natural law within these covenant relationships. In the concluding chapter of Divine Covenants and Moral Order VanDrunen reflects on the need for a solid theology of natural law and the importance of natural law for the Christian's life in the public square.
Wills in the Roman Empire : a documentary approach
The law of succession
The lawsuit motif in John's gospel from new perspectives : Jesus Christ, Crucified criminal and emperor of the world
A treatise on wills
Decedents' estates, wills and trusts in the U.S.A
Dead hands : a social history of wills, trusts, and inheritance law
The Code Napoleon, or, The French Civil Code
Passing on : kinship and inheritance in England
Forensic psychiatry
Rewriting the Torah : literary revision in Deuteronomy and the Holiness Legislation
Theobald on wills
Materials on trusts and estates
Human rights in Deuteronomy : with special focus on slave laws
Tax planning through wills (with precedents)
The study sheds fresh light on aspects of the lawsuit motif in John from the background of Diaspora-Jewish and Greco-Roman data and perspectives. – John's narrative of the attempts on Jesus for such crimes as breaking the Sabbath, blasphemy, and seduction are illuminated from Philo's perspectives on vigilante execution. – Furthermore, John's narrative of the official Jewish and Roman forensic procedures against Jesus can also be situated within the framework of the Greco-Roman administration exemplified by the legal papyri from the Roman Egypt. – Philo's expectation of an eschatological emperor, who shall rule over many nations, provides a cultural context for the way John's gospel re-inscribed Jesus as the true “Emperor” of all the nations.
The law of succession, testamentary freedom : European perspectives
Studies in biblical law
Theobald on wills. 1. supplement [to] 14. ed
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 5, Succession : Chapter 3 : Intestate succession
The scope of the rule locus regit actum in the conflict of laws
Testamentary formalities
Tyler's family provision
Finnish Summary.
Understanding Old Testament ethics : approaches and explorations
Wills, inheritance, and families
This study compares two Deuteronomic slave laws with their counterparts adopting a multidimensional examination including classified subject matters, rhetorical techniques, and the rationale of legal philosophy. This approach sheds light on the similarity and differences between the biblical and ANE slave laws, as well as the basic concepts of human rights presented in Deuteronomy.
