http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15023 asymmetry
asymmetry
Asymmetric synthesis mediated by chiral lithium amides : design, structure and selectivity
Asymmetrical muscle strength deficit, mobility limitation and aquatic resistance training in persons with knee osteoarthritis
Nature's patterns : a tapestry in three parts. [Branches]
Chiral metallocene ligands for transition metal-catalysed reactions
Strategic communication : practice, ideology and dissonance
An empirical investigation of value-at-risk in long and short trading positions
Palladium(II)-catalyzed 1,4-oxidations of conjugated dienes
Right hand, left hand : the origins of asymmetry in brains, bodies, atoms and cultures
Asymmetric organic synthesis with enzymes
Maturation of the auditory evoked N400m semantic response
Fiscal policy in the 1920s and 1930s : how much different it is from the post war period's policies
Dark matter and baryogenesis in Higgs portal models
Geometry in nature : exploring the morphology of the natural world through projective geometry
Targeted killings : law and morality in an asymmetrical world
Abstract.
Abstract (1 s.).
The asymmetrical brain
Handedness and brain asymmetry : the right shift theory
Asymmetric synthesis and mechanistic studies on copper(I)-catalyzed substitution of allylic substrates
Nature's patterns : a tapestry in three parts. [Flow]
Asymmetry of the heliospheric magnetic field
Mirror-image asymmetry : an introduction to the origin and consequences of chirality
Fiscal policy in the 1920s and 1930s : how much different it is from the post war period's policies?
Asymmetric news effects on exchange rate votality
Bicyclic ligands and catalysts in asymmetric synthesis
Synthesis, structure, total spontaneous resolution, and solid-state reactions of chiral metal complexes
"What will the next global conflict look like? Find out in this ripping, near-futuristic thriller. The United States, China, and Russia eye each other across a twenty-first century version of the Cold War, which suddenly heats up at sea, on land, in the air, in outer space, and in cyberspace. The fighting involves everything from stealthy robotic-drone strikes to old warships from the navy's "ghost fleet." Fighter pilots unleash a Pearl Harbor-style attack; American veterans become low-tech insurgents; teenage hackers battle in digital playgrounds; Silicon Valley billionaires mobilize for cyber-war; and a serial killer carries out her own vendetta. Ultimately, victory will depend on blending the lessons of the past with the weapons of the future. Ghost Fleet is a page-turning speculative thriller in the spirit of The Hunt for Red October. The debut novel by two leading experts on the cutting edge of national security, it is unique in that every trend and technology featured in the novel -- no matter how sci-fi it may seem -- is real, or could be soon. "--
Asymmetrical lower-limb muscle strength deficit in older people
Asymmetry : an inquiry into the linguistic structure of poetry
Asymmetrical lower-limb muscle strenght deficit in older people
Not Alone
Nature's patterns : a tapestry in three parts. [Shapes]
Not Alone is an asymmetrical card game, in whitch one player (the creature) plays against the rest (the hunted). If you play as one of the Hunted, you will explore Artemia using Place cards. By playing these and Survival cards, you will try to avoid, confuse or distract the creature until help arrives. If you play as the Creature, you will stalk and pursue the shipwrecked survivors. By playing your hunt cards and using the mysterious powers of Artemia, you will try to wear down the Hunted and assimilate them to the planet forever.
Ghost fleet : a novel of the next world war
