http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15007 ballads
ballads
Ballads into books : the legacies of Francis James Child
Questions of the Albanian folklore
Creativity/anthropology
The early songs have figured bass realized for keyboard instrument.
Nart sagas from the Caucasus : ancient myths and legends of the Circassians and Abkhazians
The critics & the ballad : readings
Corridos in migrant memory
Early ballads illustrative of history, traditions, and customs; also ballads and songs ot the peasantry of England
Dreamy
A book of ballads
Bulletin of the Folksong Society of the Northeast : (reprint). No. 1 (1930)-no. 12 (1937)
Chopin: The four ballades
Grapevine and rose : Muslim oral ballads from Bosnia-Herzegovina
The study of Russian folklore
Singing the changes : variation in four traditional ballads
American ballads and folk songs from the Joan Baez songbook
Popular songs and ballads of Han China
The ballad mongers : Rise of the modern folk song
Danny boy : the beloved Irish ballad
FOLKSONGS AND BALLADS POPULAR IN IRELAND 4.
Unprepared to die : America's greatest murder ballads and the true stories that inspired them
Motif-index of folk-literature : a classification of narrative elements in folk-tales, ballads, myths, fables, mediæval romances, exempla, fabliaux, jest-books, and local legends
The folklore of Spain in the American Southwest : traditional Spanish folk literature in northern New Mexico and Southern Colorado
The Faerie Queene and Middle English romance : the matter of just memory
The English and Scottish popular ballads : in five volumes. 1-5
The Oxford history of English literature. 2:2, English literature at the close of the middle ages
Recent ballad research : proceedings of the 19th International Folk Ballad Conference of the Kommission für Volksdichtung of the Société internationale d'ethnologie et de folklore, hosted by the Deutsches Volksliedarchiv, Freiburg im Breisgau, F.R.G., 1-6 May 1989. Vol. 1
Folk songs of the Catskills
Mexican border ballads and other lore
The traditional ballad and its South Carolina survivals
The Edinburgh companion to Scottish traditional literatures
Judeo-Spanish ballads from Bosnia
A Scottish ballad book
The Penguin book of ballads
Gender and print culture : new perspectives on international ballad studies
Classic ballads of Britain and Ireland. Volume 1
Midnight blue : the (be)witching hour
Speak softly love : memorable ballads : a great compilation of over 40 songs
The Anglo-Scottish ballad and its imaginary contexts
Count Claros : study of a ballad tradition
The Medieval manuscript of Judas
The Penguin book of folk ballads of the English-speaking world
The English poems of Charles of Orleans. [Vol. 1]
Literacy and orality in eighteenth-century Irish song
Questions of possibility : contemporary poetry and poetic form
Irish ballads and songs of the sea [Nuottijulkaisu]
The big book of power ballads
American folk poetry : an anthology
Ballads high and low
Easiest keyboard collection: Ballads / Music arranged by Derek Jones
Robin Hood : outlaw or Greenwood myth
Irish songs of resistance : 50 songs Of Ireland's struggle for freedom and independence (1169-1923), with historical notes and guitar chords
Australian ballads : the early years
100 Irish ballads : with words, music and guitar chords. [Volume 1], Ireland's most popular ballad book
The singer resumes the tale
Ballads without words : Chopin and the tradition of the instrumental Ballade
The ballad & the folklorist : the collected papers of David Buchan
Man as the infringer on God's domain
The oldest Finnnish broadside ballads and their influence on the oral tradition
The German solo song and the ballad
The Nordic storyteller : essays in honour of Niels Ingwersen
The ballad of tradition
Danish ballads and folk songs
BEST OF ROCK BALLADS
Living with ballads
The jazz ballad : experience ultimate expression
The ballad of Heer Halewijn : its forms and variations in western Europe : a study of the history and nature of a ballad tradition
The English poems of Charles of Orleans. Vol. 2, Notes
Toplore : stories and songs
Ballad research : the stranger in ballad narrative and other topics : proceedings of the Fifteenth International Conference of the Kommission für Volksdichtung of the Sociéte Internationale d'Ethnologie et de Folklore, Dublin and co. Clare, Ireland, 26 August - 1 September 1985
The ballad today : proceedings of the 13th international folk ballad conference
Take the lead : alto saxophone : ballads
"Handjeris and Lioyenneti" and Child 76 and 110 : a study in similarities
Judeo-Spanish ballads from oral tradition. 1, Epic ballads
Ballads and songs of Indiana
Folk ballads from North Carolina
Folk songs and ballads of scotland
Recentering Anglo/American folksong : sea crabs and wicked youths
The Spanish ballad in the Golden Age : essays for David Pattison
Folklore in action : essays for discussion in honor of MacEdward Leach
A narrative grammar of Chopin's G minor ballade
The Serbian epic ballads : an introduction
Narcocorrido : a journey into the music of drugs, guns, and guerrillas
The ballad repertoire of Anna Gordon, Mrs Brown of Falkland
The "white lady" motif in finnish literary ballads
The Definitive Collection
Millers' tales : the construction of a professional identity in early modern texts
The English traditional ballad
British ballads from Maine. Second series : the development of popular songs with texts and airs versions of ballads included in Francis J. Child's collection
"Handjeris and Lioyenneti" and child 76 and 110 : a study in similarities
Love ballads : 16 wonderful songs of passion = 16 leidenschaftliche Liebeslieder
The heroic ballads of Russia
Songs of seduction
The flowering thorn : international ballad studies
Everything is everything
The singing tradition of Child's popular ballads
Folk-songs of the South : collected under the auspices of the West Virginia Folk-lore Society
Serbian folk poetry : ancient legends, romantic songs
Irish Ballads
Folklore and literature : studies in the Portuguese, Brazilian, Sephardic, and Hispanic oral traditions
Outlawry in medieval literature
Classic ballads of Britain and Ireland. Volume 2
Bridging the cultural divide : our common ballad heritage = Kulturelle Brücken : gemeinsame Balladentradition : 28. Internationale Balladenkonferenz der SIEF-Kommission für Volksdichtung in Hildesheim, Deutschland, 19. -24. Juli 1998
The Essential
Medieval balladry and the courtly tradition : literature of revolt and assimulation
Popular narrative ballads of modern Egypt
Recent ballad research : proceedings of the 19th International Folk Ballad Conference of the Kommission für Volksdichtung of the Société internationale d'ethnologie et de folklore, hosted by the Deutsches Volksliedarchiv, Freiburg im Breisgau, F.R.G., 1-6 May 1989. Vol. 2
The Walled-Up Wife : a casebook
The music of the ballads / ed. by Jan Philip Schinhan
The Stockholm ballad conference 1991 : proceedings of the 21st International Ballad Conference, August 19-22, 1991
The ballad as narrative : studies in the ballad traditions of England, Scotland, Germany and Denmark
Keep calm and play on
Soodlum's irish ballad book : to Mary
Judeo-Spanish ballads from oral tradition. 2, Carolingian ballads. 1, Roncesvalles
Journeys outside time
The very best of Irish music and ballads
Political broadside ballads of seventeenth-century England : a critical bibliography
Child's unfinished masterpiece : the English and Scottish popular ballads
The English and Scottish popular ballads
The ballad of Sir Aldingar : its origin and analogues
Stagolee shot Billy
The ballad and the folk
Wedding songs for vocal duet
Balladeering, minstrelsy, and the making of British romantic poetry
Ancient ballads of India : an anthology of Indian poetry
The two sisters
The ballad of lady Isabel and the false knight
The English "Loathly Lady" tales : boundaries, traditions, motifs
Big book of ballads : piano, vocal, guitar
Street ballads in nineteenth-century Britain, Ireland, and North America : the interface between print and oral traditions
"Edward" and "Sven i Rosengård" : a study in the dissemination of a ballad
Classic pop ballads for guitar
Borders of the ballad genre : the changing and the preserving ballad
Broadway ballads : piano, vocal, guitar
Uncertain glory : folklore and the American revolution
Visions and identities : proceedings from The 24th International Ballad Conference of the Kommission für Volksdichtung (Société internationale d'ethnologie et de folklore), Tórshavn June 26th to June 30th 1994
Muḥammad in the modern Egyptian popular ballad
Aspects of style and language in Child's collection of English and Scottish popular ballads
European folk ballads
Embroidered with gold, strung with pearls : traditional ballads of Bosnian women
Ballads into books : the legacies of Francis James Child : selected papers from the 26th International Ballad Conference (SIEF Ballad Commission) Swansea, Wales, 19-24 July 1996
Irish ballads : piano, vocal, guitar
Thomas the rhymer : a romance
The ballad image : essays presented to Bertrand Harris Bronson
The powers of genre : interpreting Haya oral literature
Shakespeare's England : an account of the life & manners of his age. Volume 2.
Essays in honour of Peter Crossley-Holland on his sixty-fifth birthday
Keep calm and play on : [piano, vocal, guitar]. The purple book
The remunerated vernacular singer : from medieval England to the post-war revival
English translations of the Scandinavian medieval ballads : an analytical guide and bibliography
Images, identities and ideologies : papers from the 22nd International Ballad Conference, Belfast, 29 June - 3 July 1992
'Gein wem solt ich mich zäfen?' : hte peasant lady speaks in summer Lay 14 of Neidhart
