http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15024 music reviews
music reviews
Words and music
In orbit around Madonna
The Penguin guide to jazz on CD, LP & cassette
Song : a guide to art song style and literature
From the world of music : essays from the London Times
The classical good CD, DVD, & download guide 2007
Real life rock : the complete top ten columns, 1986-2014
The worst rock-and-roll records of all time : slipped discs : a fan's guide to the stuff you love to hate
Fanfare 1997:9-10 : Volume 20:7 : The Magazine for Serious Record Collectors
Songs by Järnefelt worth reviving
Tim Page on music : views and reviews
An anatomy of musical criticism
Explaining music : essays and explorations
Let it blurt : the life and times of Lester Bangs
Fanfare : the magazine for serious record collectors
Double role of music criticism : a model of the inner structure of the funding of music
Downbeat : Vantaa
Earthbound
Early Sibelius
Criticism
Eric Ericson's infallible sound
Experiencing David Bowie : a listener's companion
On criticizing music : five philosophical perspectives
Gramophone : The world's best classical music magazine
Rolling Stone : Espoo
Goldberg : early music magazine = magazine de musique ancienne et baroque
Finnish premieres at the Helsinki Biennale
The Wire : Espoo
Music in the USA : a documentary companion
The Washington Post hails Greil Marcus as our greatest cultural critic. Writing in the London Review of Books, D. D. Guttenplan calls him probably the most astute critic of American popular culture since Edmund Wilson. For nearly thirty years, he has written a remarkable column that has migrated from the Village Voice to Artforum, Salon, City Pages, Interview, and The Believer and currently appears in the Barnes & Noble Review. It has been a laboratory where Marcus has fearlessly explored and wittily dissected an enormous variety of cultural artifacts, from songs to books to movies to advertisements, teasing out from the welter of everyday objects what amounts to a de facto theory of cultural transmission. Published to complement the paperback edition of The History of Rock & Roll in Ten Songs, Real Life Rock reveals the critic in full: direct, erudite, funny, fierce, vivid, astute, uninhibited, and possessing an unerring instinct for art and fraud. The result is an indispensable volume packed with startling arguments and casual brilliance.
The Gramophone classical music guide 2008
How to become a musical critic
Alfred Hitchcock's Psycho : a casebook
Shaw on music : a selection from the music criticism of Bernard Shaw
Neil Young : Love to burn : Thirty years of speaking out 1966-1996
The dark stuff : the best of Nick Kent
A decade of music
Historic Sibelius
Fanfare 1996:3-4 : Volume 19:4 : The Magazine for Serious Record Collectors
Beefy baselines and cutting guitars : conceptual metaphors in album review language
The Classical Good CD, DVD, & Download Guide. 2007
Musical events : a chronicle, 1983-1986, music critic of the New Yorker
Listen to the music : a self-guided tour through the orchestral repertoire
Fanfare 1997:7-8 : Volume 20:6 : The Magazine for Serious Record Collectors
Fanfare 1997:11-12 : Volume 21:2 : The Magazine for Serious Record Collectors
Sibelius and beyond : the performance of Finnisch classical music in London
The Gramophone good CD guide 1995
Hi-fi news & record review
Fanfare 1997:5-6 : Volume 20:5 : The Magazine for Serious Record Collectors
Music and criticism
MusicHound blues : the essential album guide
Lexicon of musical invective : critical assaults on composers since Beethoven's time
The best rock and roll records of all time : a fan's guide to the stuff you love
Intra-sentence relationships in English classical and pop music critiques
Versatile collection of Finnish chamber music
Reviewing the arts
“I was a soldier in Kosovo”: Discourses of war in James Blunt's early musical career
The Gramophone classical good CD guide. 1999
Serious music - and all that jazz! : an adventure in music criticism
Q magazine is the UK's top music magazine that brings music alive, every month. With world-beating exclusives, amazing photography and an inimitable sense of humour, Q magazine tells the stories behind the music that matters.
The Gramophone classical good CD guide. 2002
Listen to this! : leading musicians recommend their favorite recordings
Fanfare 1996:5-6 : Volume 19:5 : The Magazine for Serious Record Collectors
Fanfare 1997:1-2 : Volume 20:3 : The Magazine for Serious Record Collectors
Verbalization of musical experience - analysis of music reviews in newspapers
The worst rock and roll records of all time : a fan's guide to the stuff you love to hate
Fanfare 1996:11-12 : Volume 20:2 : The Magazine for Serious Record Collectors
Fanfare 1996:9-10 : Volume 20:1 : The Magazine for Serious Record Collectors
The glitter of Finnish brass
Delicate mediaeval heartbreak
More essays from the world of music
"It's pretty bloody great!" : a structural analysis of classical music reviews
Major critical essays : The quintessence of Ibsenism ; The perfect Wagnerite ; The sanity of art
Schumann as critic
Gramophone : Helsinki
The Penguin guide to compact discs & DVDs : 2005/6 edition
The ... high fidelity annual records in review
The Gramophone classical good CD & DVD guide. 2006
Nu Scientific approach : SCAM Parties vol. 1, Helsinki 14.3.1998
How to build a girl
Figures of speech in Finnish and English music reviews
Gentlemen and spectators : studies in journals, opera and the social scene in late Stuart London
Fanfare 1996:1-2 : Volume 19:3 : The Magazine for Serious Record Collectors
Hanslick's music criticisms
Hector Berlioz and the development of French music criticism
From Bach to Stravinsky : the history of music by its foremost critics
Music Criticism 1846-99
Gift to the arts of a great economist
Fanfare 1996:7-8 : Volume 19:6 : The Magazine for Serious Record Collectors
The art of judging music
BBC music magazine : the complete guide to classic music : e-lehti
Fanfare 1997:3-4 : Volume 20:4 : The Magazine for Serious Record Collectors
Weather Report : electric red
Judgements of value : selected writings on music
Classical music criticism : with a chapter on reviewing ethnic music
Nocturnal moods
Gramophone classical good CD guide 2004
There is Tuomela for everybody
Copendium : an expedition into the rock 'n' roll wonderworld
Voices, singers & critics
The Gramophone classical good CD guide. 2003
