http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15093 Oromo people
Oromo people
Being and becoming Oromo : historical and anthropological enquiries
Nominalization via verbal derivation : Amharic, Tigrinya and Oromo
The Oromo and the Christian kingdom of Ethiopia 1300-1700
Oromo dictionary : vol. 1, English-oromo
Boran proverbs in their cultural context / Abdullahi A. Shongolo, Günther Schlee
Oromo wisdom literature. Volume 2, Songs : collection and analysis
Oromo oral poetry seen from within / Catherine Griefenow-Mewis, Tamene Bitima (eds.) ; with an introduction by Wilhelm J. G. Möhlig
A grammar of Harar Oromo (northeastern Ethiopia) : including a text and a glossary
Identity construction and conflict management in a multicultural setting : the case of the Oromo diaspora in Norway
Oromo folktales : an illustrated album
The Oromo nation : the forgotten people in the Horn of Africa : papers presented at the International Conference on the Oromo Nation, Kopio, Finland, 26 June 1997
"This book provides a study of contemporary politics in Ethiopia through an empirical focus on language policy, citizenship, ethnic identity, and gender"--
Oromo religion : myths and rites of the Western Oromo of Ethiopia - an attempt to understand
The creative communion : African folk models of fertility and the regeneration of life
Between distinction & extinction : the harmonisation and standardisation of African languages
Geerarsa folksong as the Oromo national literature : a study of ethnography, folklore, and folklife in the context of the Ethiopian colonization of Oromia
Conquest and resistance in the Ethiopian empire, 1880-1974 : the case of the Arsi Oromo
The Oromo of Ethiopia : a history, 1570-1860
Critical reflections on indigenous religions
The long journey : essays on history, descent and land among the Macha Oromo
Handbook of the Oromo language
Oromo wisdom literature. Volume 1, Proverbs : collection and analysis
Encoding motion case studies from Africa : in memory of Ursula Drolc
English-Amharic-Oromoo phrase book and dictionary for travelers
Kuussagale surroqoricchaa = Oromo medical dictionary
Contending nationalisms of Oromia and Ethiopia : struggling for statehood, sovereignty, and multinational democracy
Ethnicity & conflict in the Horn of Africa
The implementation of a multilingual education policy in Ethiopia : the case of Afaan Oromoo in primary schools of Oromia Regional State
Afaan oromoo haabarannu! = Let us learn oromoo language!
Oromo nationalism and the Ethiopian discourse : the search for freedom and democracy
Making citizens in Africa : ethnicity, gender, and national identity in Ethiopia
Oromo wisdom literature. Volume 3, Folktales : collection and analysis
Oromo democracy : an indigenous African political system
Proverbs, songs, folktales : an anthology of Oromo literature : by Claude Sumner
"Making Citizens in Africa argues that citizenship creation and expansion is a pivotal part of political contestation in Africa today. Citizenship is a powerful analytical tool with which to approach political life in contemporary Africa because the institutional and structural reforms of the past two decades have been inextricably linked with the battle over the "right to have rights." Professor Lahra Smith's work advances the notion of meaningful citizenship, which refers to the way in which rights are exercised, or the effective practice of citizenship. Using data from Ethiopia and developing a historically informed and empirically nuanced study of language policy and ethnicity and gender identities, this book analyzes the contestation over citizenship that engages the state, social movements, and individuals in substantive ways. By combining original data on language policy in contemporary Ethiopia with detailed historical study and an analytical focus on ethnicity, citizenship, and gender, this work not only brings a fresh approach to Ethiopian political development but also to contemporary citizenship concerns relevant to other parts of Africa"--
