http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15057 national economy
national economy
The Governing Council of the ECB decided on an expanded asset purchase programme (EAPP) in January 2015. Purchases have thus far been conducted to a total value of almost EUR 780 billion. At its monetary policy meeting in March 2016, the Governing Council decided to further ease the monetary policy stance. Accordingly, markets expect monetary policy to remain accommodative for a prolonged period..
Bad samaritans : the guilty secrets of rich nations and the threat to global prosperity
Achievements and challenges of microfinance institution in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia
National accounts statistics : main aggregates and detailed tables, 2000
Welfare and planning : an analysis of capitalism versus socialism
The least developed countries report 2011 : the potential role of South-South cooperation for inclusive and sustainable development
South Korea
Tilastokatsaus = Statistisk översikt = Bulletin of Statistics. 2015:II
Inherited wealth, justice and equality
The future on shaking pillars : civil society and green economy in the United Nations Rio+20 summit
International Monetary Fund : annual report 2007.
The economics of commercial property market
Economic survey : September 2002.
Economics for pleasure
Kansantalouden tilinpito 1987-1988 : taulukot = Nationalräkenskaperna 1979-1988 : tabeller = National accounts 1979-1988 : tables
Business economics
Euro area growth dependent on domestic demand
The collected works of A. K. Dasgupta. Vol. 3, Essays in planning and public policy
Europe in figures : Eurostat yearbook ..
Economy-wide material flow accounts
Getting along with Gulliver : a review of Finnish-German relations
Evolution and implementation of multifunctionality-related policies in China and Finland
Europe in figures : Eurostat yearbook
The mathematical theory of optimal processes
Handbook of labor economics. Vol. 4A
Suomen tilastollinen vuosikirja 2005 = Statistisk årsbok för Finland 2005 = Statistical yearbook of Finland 2005.
On the probabilistic relationship between the public good index and the normalized Banzhaf index
Conflict, corruption, perception, remedies : (the role of the United Nations in war economies)
A new liability regime for the space sector : an economic imperative
National accounts statistics : main aggregates and detailed tables, 1999
A major new manifesto for a high-tech future free from work  Neoliberalism isn't working. Austerity is forcing millions into poverty and many more into precarious work, while the left remains trapped in stagnant political practices that offer no respite.  Inventing the Future is a bold new manifesto for life after capitalism. Against the confused understanding of our high-tech world by both the right and the left, this book claims that the emancipatory and future-oriented possibilities of our society can be reclaimed. Instead of running from a complex future, Nick Srnicek and Alex Williams demand a postcapitalist economy capable of advancing standards, liberating humanity from work and developing technologies that expand our freedoms.
Economics : a text with included readings
A normative EU policy towards China : mission impossible?
Kansantalouden tilinpito 2002-2011= National accounst : Taulukot = Tables
American amnesia : how the war on government led us to forget what made America prosper
Aggregate economic analysis
Tilastokatsaus = Statistisk översikt = Bulletin of statistics. 2004:3
Principles of Economics
Time-varying conditional correlation : effect on international portfolio diversification in Southeast Asia
General equilibrium and welfare
Essays on information and communications technology, structural change, and economic growth
Guidelines for project evaluation
National accounts statistics : main aggregates and detailed tables, 2001
Russia-China relations : current state, alternative futures, and implications for the West
The affluent society
Global growth remains sluggish
Thirty years since the opening-up in China : changes in growth mode, structure and system
European Economics Letters
The invisible hand : the New Palgrave
Do measurement errors in GDP announcements cause output fluctuations?
Structuring corporate capital gains tax system in the European Union : a comparative Finnish perspective
Negotiation strategies and skills in international business : a study of negotiators in Finland
Economics : a new introduction
The global economy is expected to grow by a full 3% annually in 2017-2018, i.e. only slightly faster than in 2016. World trade growth will remain slow relative to GDP growth, as in recent years. In the United States and China, economic growth will continue to be strong and will sustain global growth. A slight rise in the oil price will support gradual economic recovery in Russia. Euro area growth is expected to remain relatively brisk, driven by domestic demand. Brexit will cast a shadow over the growth outlook, particularly for the United Kingdom but also to some extent for the rest of Europe. Emerging economies will continue to develop at a relatively steady pace during the forecast period and are not expected to be much affected by the dip in European growth..
The yo-yo yen : and the future of the Japanese economy
Culture satellite accounts
The great economists : ten economists whose thinking changed the way we live
OECD economic surveys : Finland. 1987/1988
Developments of the Estonian intellectual property system to meet the challenges of the knowledge-based economy
Social insurance
The price of civilization
Economics : a foundation course for the built environment
The growth of economic thought
Economic thought and language : a critique of some fundamental economic concepts
China's road to development in a global perspective
The Great regression? : financial crisis in an age of global interdependence
Planet India : how the fastest-growing democracy is transforming America and the world
What new tools and models are enriching labor economics? "Developments in Research Methods and their Application" (volume 4A) summarizes recent advances in the ways economists study wages, employment, and labor markets. Mixing conceptual models and empirical work, contributors cover subjects as diverse as field and laboratory experiments, program evaluation, and behavioral models. The combinations of these improved empirical findings with new models reveal how labor economists are developing new and innovative ways to measure key parameters and test important hypotheses. This title investigates recent advances in methods and models used in labor economics. It demonstrates what these new tools and techniques can accomplish. It documents how conceptual models and empirical work explain important practical issues.
Finnish economy : structural indicators 2008
OECD economic surveys : Finland. 1994-1995
Economics for a civilized society
Misbehaving : the making of behavioral economics
International business-society management : linking corporate responsibility and globalization
Transparency masters to accompany Samuelson: Economics
Economics : the user's guide : a Pelican introduction
International economics : theory and policy
Rahoitustilinpito 1987 = Finansräkenskaper 1987 = Flow-of-funds accounts 1987.
Development of the Tertiary Sector : A Comparative Analysis Between BRIC Countries and Select Developed Economies
What factors affect the ways individuals participate in labor markets? "New Developments and Research on Labor Markets" (volume 4B) proposes answers to this and other questions on important topics of public policy. Leading labor economists demonstrate how better data and advanced experiments help them apply economic theory, yielding sharper analyses and conclusions. The combinations of these improved empirical findings with new models enable the authors of these chapters to reveal how labor economists are developing new and innovative ways to measure key parameters and test important hypotheses. This title concentrates on empirical research in specific labor markets, including those defined by age, gender, and race. It reveals how questions and answers about these markets have changed and how models measure them. It documents how conceptual models and empirical work explain important practical issues.
Straight to hell : true tales of deviance, debauchery, and billion-dollar deals
Economics for hotel and catering students
According to the most recent quarterly national accounts, real GDP in the first quarter of 2016 grew by 0.6% quarter on quarter and 1.6% year on year. The latest quarterly national accounts data signal similar economic developments for early 2016 than the data previously published, i.e. economic growth continued, supported by private investments and private consumption. Real GDP growth in the first quarter was slightly stronger than suggested by preliminary data. The figures for the fourth quarter of 2015 were also revised upward. The economy has now grown for two consecutive quarters..
Economic survey : March 2007
OECD economic surveys : Finland
Storytelling globalization from the Chaco and beyond
The new Palgrave : social economics
"Twelve years have passed since the establishment of the Forum on China-Africa Cooperation (FOCAC), an event that marked an important milestone in China-Africa relations. The forum is a platform to promote mutually beneficial South-South cooperation between China and Africa, based on mutual respect and non-interference in the internal affairs of African countries. In its ten year existence, FOCAC has achieved in deepening China-Africa relations in the economic field. Trade, investment, infrastructure and capacity building have been comprehensively promoted. But as FOCAC prepares to enter the second decade, a number of steps must be taken by Chinese and African partners to improve the current institutional arrangement by expanding space for private sector and civil society participation in decision-making and by increasing the frequency of follow-up processes to ensure effective implementation of agreed upon targets." --Publisher's description.
International economics : a European focus
Essays on some unsettled questions of political economy
Studies in economics
Workbook in economics
The theory of economic growth
Almost everyone's guide to economics
Now firmly established as one of the leading economics principles texts in the UK and Europe, this exciting new third edition of Economics by N. Gregory Mankiw (Harvard University) and Mark P. Taylor (Warwick University), has undergone some significant restructuring and reorganization to more directly match economics students' course structures and learning and assessment needs. There are new sections covering microeconomic and macroeconomic topics and concepts in more depth, whilst at the same time retaining the book's reputation for clarity, authority and real world relevance.
The essential Galbraith
Using the Yield Curve in Predicting Real Economic Growth : Application to Finland
International Monetary Fund : annual report 2004.
Debunking economics : the naked emperor dethroned?
Kansantalouden tilinpito = Nationalräkenskaperna = National accounts : 1989, 1. neljännes - 1a kvartalet - 1st quarter
The stationary economy
The economics of public issues
Foundations of economics
Japan's economic revival : policy challenges in a globalized world
The social framework : an introduction to economics
The real crash : America's coming bankruptcy : how to save yourself and your country
Gross Domestic Product as a Modern-day Economic Indicator
Monetary policy and the global economy
Take back the economy : an ethical guide for transforming our communities
Principles of economics : Study guide
Handbook of labor economics. Vol. 4B
What's wrong with economics?
National accounts of less developed countries 1959-1968 = Comptes nationaux des pays moins développés 1959-1968
Kansantalouden tilinpito = National accounts. 1991-1999 : taulukot = tables
Global finance and the macroeconomy
National accounts statistics : government accounts and tables, 1983
Microeconomics : principles and policy
Evolution of cameral accounting
National accounts
The value of reciprocity : arguing for a plural political economy
Proceedings of the International Conference "Supporting the forest sector reform in Russia and in the Southeast European countries by assessing the experiences of the new EU member states" : Pushkino 21-22nd March 2007
Global economic growth will gain momentum in the forecast period
Economic theory : equilibrium and change
International management of the Atlantic salmon fishery in the Baltic Sea
World economic and social survey. 2014/2015, Learning from national supporting MDG implementation
"Over the past three years, the notorious @GSElevator Twitter feed has offered a hilarious, shamelessly voyeuristic look into the real world of international finance. Hundreds of thousands followed the account, Goldman Sachs launched an internal investigation, and when the true identity of the man behind it all was revealed, it created a national media sensation--but that's only part of the story.  Where @GSElevator captured the essence of the banking elite with curated jokes and submissions overheard by readers, Straight to hell adds John LeFevre's own story--an unapologetic and darkly funny account of a career as a globe-conquering investment banker spanning New York, London, and Hong Kong."--Amazon.com.
The armchair economist   : economics and everyday life
Understanding the economy
Essays on migration
Making sense of the economy
FOCAC twelve years later : achievements, challenges and the way forward
Economic and social survey of Asia and the Pacific : 2006 : energizing the global economy
The measurement of national wealth
Economics, econometrics and the link : essays in honor of Lawrence R. Klein
Economic survey, Finland
The Bank of Finland forecasts a global growth rate of 2.8% in 2016, rising only slightly to 3.2% in 2017-2018. The growth pick-up reflects a recovery of the emerging economies suffering from the recession. World trade growth in the forecast period will be close to world GDP growth. The forecasts for the United States and the EU22 are more moderate than previously, but growth should still exceed the estimated potential growth rate. The growth forecast for China in 2016-2017 remains at 6%, from which it is expected to slow to 5% in 2018..
Forest industry on the map of Finland
Why economists disagree : the political economy of economics
Executive summary.
Quarterly sector accounts
Balance of payments and international investment position
Process of brazilian fiscal stabilisation in post-real time = Valtiontalouden tasapainottamisprosessi realin aikakaudella
Reform of the economic mechanism in Hungary development 1968-71
The balance of payments. Mathematical supplement
Chinamerica : the uneasy partnership that will change the world
Growth, profits, and property : essays in the revival of political economy
Modern economics : an introduction for business and professional students
A new world economic order : overhauling the global economic governance as a result of the financial crisis, 2008–2009
National accounts for the first quarter of 2016.
According to the most recent quarterly national accounts, real GDP in the first quarter of 2015 contracted by 0.1% quarter on quarter but remained unchanged year on year. The quarterly national accounts data signal a broadly similar economic development to the indicator data previously published, i.e. the economy was continuing to contract..
Subjectivity in political economy : essays on wanting and choosing
The new economics and the old economists
Economics for business
The essentials of economics : an introduction and outline for students and for the general reader
Renewable resources in an overlapping generations economy without capital
The map of Finland would look quite different if the forest industry had not had such an important role in the Finnish national economy and society. The production of pulp, paper, sawn timber, plywood and furniture concentrated people in dozens of mill towns and industrial centres. The harvesting and transportation of roundwood, in turn, dispersed people in hundreds of rural villages in different parts of the country. Together these localities formed the settlement systems of the forest sector, in which each of the localities had a certain economic and productive role. During the first half of twentieth century this settlement system expanded with increasing production, but during the second half of the century both lumberman-smallholder villages and mill communities faced serious difficulties. The restructuring processes within the forest sector decreased jobs in forestry and industrial production, although the production volumes continued to increase. Both the growth periods and restructuring periods have created spatial inequalities between localities and regions within the settlement system of the forest sector.
GDP growth in Russia : Different Capital Stock Series and the Terms of Trade
Alternatives to economic globalization : a better world is possible : a report of the international forum on globalization
The man who knew : the life and times of Alan Greenspan
Stability of international fisheries agreements using precautionary bioeconomic harvesting strategies
Study of the flying geese theory from a political point of view : a Japanese propaganda argument in the post world war II era
Essays on small open economy macroeconomics
A general theory of economic process
Euro area monetary policy has been eased significantly in recent years. The most important of the measures applied are the expanded asset purchase programme (EAPP), targeted longer-term refinancing operations and the introduction of a negative interest rate on the deposit facility. The Governing Council of the ECB has emphasised its commitment to securing a sustained adjustment in the path of inflation consistent with its inflation target, i.e. a level below, but close to, 2%. The asset purchase programme has proceeded as planned and has led to reductions across a broad spectrum of euro area interest rates..
Applied economics
Housework study. Part 8, Unpaid housework : time use and value
Political control of the macroeconomy : the political economy of public policy making
The undercover economist
Theoretical and practical research orientations in Germain economics
How to cope and survive with the economic chaos
Drawing on concepts in political economy, political ecology, justice theory, and critical development studies, the authors offer the first comprehensive, systematic exploration of the ways in which adaptation projects can produce unintended, undesirable results.
Essentials of economics
Regional innovation systems : the role of covernance in a globalized world
Near-term growth in the global economy and world trade will be slower than previously forecast. However, low commodity prices and the condition of the monetary economy will support global growth. Economic recovery is expected to gradually gather strength in the euro area, becoming more broadly based. Exchange rate developments to date serve to bolster the outlook for euro area growth and inflation. The Russian economy will contract over the next two years, given the low price of oil. Economic growth in China has slowed, but will continue to be relatively robust..
A study in the theory of economic evolution
National accounts statistics : government accounts and tables, 1982
Tilastokatsaus = Statistisk översikt = Bulletin of Statistics. 2016:III
Local economies? : production and exchange of inland regions in late antiquities
Governance of the IMF : decision making, institutional oversight, transparency, and accountability
Capitalism : a ghost story
Tilastokatsaus = Statistisk översikt = Bulletin of statistics. 2004:2
Tilastokatsaus = Statistisk översikt = Bulletin of Statistics. 2005:2
International Monetary Fund : annual report 2006.
The political economy of climate change adaptation
Predicts a worse crash if key economic changes cannot be made, arguing that American consumer habits are at the heart of today's problems and recommends that the nation declare bankruptcy and rebuild broken systems from scratch.
Future agenda : six challenges for the next decade
United Kingdom
The Finnish economy to 1996
Principles of economics
The economics and the ethics of constitutional order
Report of the fourth session of the Scientific Sub-Committee, [Fishery Committee for the Eastern Central Atlantic] : Accra, Ghana, 24-26 October 2005 = Rapport de la quatrième session du Sous-Comité scientifique : Accra, Ghana, 24-26 octobre 2005.
The economics of missing markets, information and games
Finnish economic papers
Cultivating the human capital of the Central Baltic Sea region : policy recommendation : expat-project
Nordic journal of business : Helsinki
Companion to contemporary economic thought
Whose land is Lapland? : the nellim case : a study of the divergent claims of forestry, reindeer herding and indigenous rights in Northern Finland
Comparative economic systems : objectives, decision modes, and the process of choice
The rise of the network society
Poor numbers : how we are misled by African development statistics and what to do about it
Tilastokatsaus = Statistisk översikt = Bulletin of Statistics. 2004:1
Challenges of globalisation to the nation state
Not only an economist : recent essays by Mark Blaug
An introduction to positive economics
Tilastokatsaus = Statistisk översikt = Bulletin of Statistics. 2005:1
Nordic journal of business : Espoo
In the past, government and business were as much partners as rivals, resulting in broad-based growth and healthy social development. But advocates of anti-government market fundamentalism are intent on scrapping the instrument of nearly a century of unprecedented economic and social progress. Hacker and Pierson examine why what's good for American business elites and what's good for Americans have become misaligned.
Economics : making sense of the modern economy
The Impact of Religious Tourism on Nepalese Economy
An accessible guide to demystifying the economy and creating a more just and sustainable world. Take back the economy dismantles the idea that the economy is separate from us and best comprehended by experts, demonstrating that the economy is the outcome of the decisions and efforts we make every day. Full of exercises and inspiring examples from around the world, it shows how people can implement small-scale changes in their own lives to create ethical economies
Monetary bulletin
The political economy of northern regional development. Vol. 1
Decision-making process of internationalization : Canadian water heater markets
Outlook for emerging economies worsened
Seeking changes : the economic development in contemporary China
Metla Bulletin : newsletter of the Finnish forest research institute
An inquiry into the nature and causes of the wealth of nations. Vol. 2
Essays in search activity
International Monetary Fund : annual report 1998.
Contribution to global environmental governance? : viewpoint from pension funds and United Nations Responsible Investment
Difficulties in emerging economies weigh on global growth
Tilastokatsaus = Statistisk översikt = Bulletin of Statistics. 2016:IV
Big picture economics : how to navigate the new global economy
Immaterial capital : ideas of human and social capital in the Older Historical School of German Political Economy
Investment Climate of the Russian Federation and Its Petroleum Industry
Small-scale farmers in liberalised trade environment : proceedings of the seminar on October 2004 in Haikko Finland
Trade and welfare. Mathematical supplement
Political Economy of Bronze- and Iron Age Societies in the Eastern Coast of the Bothnian Bay ca. 1500 BC-AD 1300
Study guide to accompany microeconomics : principles and policy
Economics and the environment : a signalling and incentives approach
Global tourism
World hunger : 12 myths
A modern guide to economic thought : an introduction to comparative schools of thought in economics
Inventing the future : postcapitalism and a world without work
Subjectivism and economic analysis : essays in memory of Ludwig M. Lachmann
Growth overshadowed by hard-to-quantify risks
Determinants of current account balances
International Monetary Fund : annual report 2001.
Kansantalouden tilinpito 1987-1988 = Nationalräkenskaperna 1987-1988 = National accounts 1987-1988
Nordic journal of business
Economix : how and why our economy works (and doesn't work) : in words and pictures
Basic mathematics for economists
Black swans : what will chance the world next?
National accounts for the first quarter of 2015.
The economic theory of pollution control
Global economic growth will gain momentum in the forecast period. The sliding oil price will benefit oil-importing countries. In the euro area, the Extended Asset Purchase Programme (EAPP) has reduced funding costs, improved lending and strengthened the confidence of economic agents. The exchange rate developments to date support the growth and inflation outlooks of the euro area and Japan, while the recovery of the US economy is consistent with the strong US dollar. The Russian economy will contract over the next two years, following the collapse of the oil price. Economic growth in China will remain relatively robust..
Economics : an awkward corner
Estimating the long-run relationship between income inequality and economic development
