http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1501 nonviolence
nonviolence
Staying safe at school
Social media and the Arab spring : a study on the importance of Twitter for the nonviolent and peaceful demonstrations during the revolutions in Egypt and Syria 2011
The human potential for peace : an anthropological challenge to assumptions about war and violence
Subversive institutions : the design and the destruction of socialism and the state
The search for a nonviolent future : a promise of peace for ourselves, our families, and our world
Fences and windows : dispatches from the front lines of the globalization debate
The power of nonviolence : writings by advocates of peace
Islam and nonviolence
A testament of hope : the essential writings and speeches of Martin Luther King, Jr
Hind swaraj and other writings
"We've all asked, "What is the world coming to?" But we seldom ask, "How bad was the world in the past?" In this book, the author, a cognitive scientist shows that the past was much worse; and that we may be living in the most peaceable era in our species' existence. Evidence of a bloody history has always been around us: genocides in the Old Testament, gory mutilations in Shakespeare and Grimm, monarchs who beheaded their relatives, and American founders who dueled with their rivals; the nonchalant treatment in popular culture of wife-beating, child abuse, and the extermination of native peoples. The murder rate in medieval Europe was more than thirty times what it is today. Slavery, sadistic punishments, and frivolous executions were common features of life for millennia, then were suddenly abolished. How could this have happened, if human nature has not changed? The author argues that thanks to the spread of government, literacy, trade, and cosmopolitanism, we increasingly control our impulses, empathize with others, bargain rather than plunder, debunk toxic ideologies, and deploy our powers of reason to reduce the temptations of violence. -- (From publisher description)
Why civil resistance works : the strategic logic of nonviolent conflict
Klein has selected & rearranged her newspaper columns to show the gradual rise of the anti-global corporation movement.
"The core idea shared by all cosmopolitan views is that all human beings belong to a single community and the ultimate units of moral concern are individual human beings, not states or particular forms of human associations. Nevertheless, the attempts to ground a political theory on overarching universal principles contradicts the plurality of social, cultural, political, and religious interpretative standpoints in the contemporary world. Is dissent cosmopolitan? Is there a legacy of dissent for a theory of cosmopolitanism? This book is a comparative, historical analysis of dissident thought and practice for contemporary debates on cosmopolitanism. In three parts, the editors and contributors explore the contribution of 'paradigmatic' dissident by the likes of Gandhi, Martin Luther King, Havel, Sakharov, Mandela, Liu Xiaobo, and Aung San Suu Kyi toward a post-universalist cosmopolitan theory and examine the inherent cosmopolitanism of the seemingly 'peripheral' dissent of contemporary forms of protests, resistance, and direct action like the NO TAV movement and Occupy Wall Street. Through this timely book which allows for a much-needed new engagement in contemporary debates of cosmopolitanism, we learn how practical resistance to totalizing/hegemonic claims is generated and how dissident thinking might contribute to new, enriched ways of conceiving the non-totalizing foundations of cosmopolitanism. It presents an innovative look at the lessons scholars of cosmopolitanism can learn from dissent/dissident movements and what the role of dissent in cosmopolitan democracy can be"--
Nonkilling Korea : six culture exploration
The topic of love and non-violence in Islam, in an environment imbued with intolerance, extremism and terrorism, is very significant. This book portrays how loving humanity and eliminating violence are key in all the Islamic teachings and are evident in the conduct of Allah's exalted Messenger. Islam eliminated hatred through love, terrorism through peace and ignorance through knowledge. This book portrays how love, peace and knowledge form the very essence of Islam.
"This bold new statement on the nonviolence of God challenges long-standing assumptions of divine violence in atonement theology, the violent God pictured in the Old Testament, and the supposed violence of God in Revelation. J. Denny Weaver argues that since God is supremely revealed in Jesus, the nonviolence of Jesus most truly reflects the character of God. According to Weaver, the way Christians live--Christian ethics--is an ongoing expression of theology. Consequently, he sets forth positive images of the reign of God made visible in the narrative of Jesus--nonviolent practice, forgiveness and restorative justics, standing up against racism and sexism--to help Christians more faithfully display God's shalom in our violent world." -- back cover.
The impacts of news media content on viewers' beliefs about the effectiveness of nonviolence : News coverage on Pakistani TV
"Written by veteran law enforcement and family counseling professionals, the second edition of this guidebook shows students and parents how to stay safe at school. The book pinpoints personal safety issues of importance to all educators and explains how to analyze schools for security risks. It also includes proven methods for averting crime, improving school safety, and avoiding becoming a victim. Additional chapters explore teachers liability and rights and discuss the concept of emotional survival"-- Provided by publisher.
Religion and war resistance in the Plowshares movement
The nation-state and its violence : debates in post-cold war Japan
Educating beyond violent futures
Tolstoy and his disciples : the history of a radical international movement
Protest, power, and change : an encyclopedia of nonviolent action from ACT-UP to womenś suffrage
Pro-justice ethics : from lament to nonviolence
Power : nonviolent transformation from the transpersonal to the transnational
Gandhi's dilemma : nonviolent principles and nationalist power
Time for outrage!
Keeping the peace : conflict resolution and peaceful societies around the world
Nonviolent conflict and civil resistance
The present volume brings together 24 authors and 14 disciplines (including anthropology, arts, biology, economics, engineering, geography, health sciences, history, linguistics, mathematics, philosophy, physics, psychology and sociology) to seriously consider the prospects for the realization of nonkilling societies and to challenge each discipline's role in the necessary social and scientific transformation toward a killing-free world--Pub.
Violence and Christian spirituality : an ecumenical conversation
Marcha mundial por la paz y la no-violenza = The world march for peace & nonviolence
A force more powerful : a century of nonviolent conflict
Christian attitudes to war, peace, and revolution
Nonkilling societies
Educating toward a culture of peace
Humorous political stunts : nonviolent public challenges to power
Barbara Soros draws on the ancient wisdom of the Tibetan people to narrate the touching story of a young boy named Tenzin and the wounded musk deer he encounters in the woods. By paying heed to his dreams and to the needs of the animal he has rescued, Tenzin is able to cure the deer. But soon he discovers that he must learn one of the most important lessons of all: how to love deeply enough to let go. The lush, intricate illustrations evoke the emotional depth of this tale that encourages the Buddhist virtues of nonviolence, compassion and the rejection of materialism. / WorldCat.
Dealing with terrorism : stick or carrot?
Nonviolence : contemporary issues and challenges
Islam on love and non-violence
Waging nonviolent struggle : 20th century practice and 21st century potential
Judging nonviolence : the dispute between realists and idealists
Peace education
The better angels of our nature : why violence has declined
The war play dilemma : what every parent and teacher needs to know
A pacifist way of knowing : John Howard Yoder's nonviolent epistemology
Gandhi and King : the power of nonviolent resistance
Put down your sword : answering the Gospel call to creative nonviolence
Gandhi in the West : The Mahatma and the rise of radical protest
Gandhi : a political and spiritual life
World without violence
Nonviolent revolutions : civil resistance in the late 20th century
Nonkilling linguistics : practical applications
Religion and violence in South Asia : theory and practice
Towards a nuclear weapon-free and non-violent world
Nonviolent communication : a language of life
Seeking peace in Africa : stories from African peacemakers
The politics of nonviolent action. Part 3, The dynamics of nonviolent action
Social power and political freedom
The identification and elimination of radical flanks from the main group during a nonviolent action
Justice through violence? : ethical criteria for the legitimate use of force
Building peace : overcoming violence in communities
Armsbearing and the clergy in the history and canon law of western Christianity
The nonviolent atonement
Roads and riddles? : Western major power metaphors of nonviolent conflict resolution
From dictatorship to democracy : a conceptual framework for liberation
Keeping the peace in an island world : the Sama Dilaut of Southeast Asia
A time to kill : the myth of christian pacifism
The nonviolence handbook : a guide for practical action
John Howard Yoder was one of the most important thinkers on just war and pacifism in the late twentieth century. This collection of Yoder's lectures and writings on these issues describes, analyzes, and evaluates various patterns of thought and practice in Western Christian history. --from publisher description.
Nonviolence : a brief history : the Warsaw lectures
Contemporary Islam : dynamic, not static
The nonviolent God
An autobiography, or, the story of my experiments with truth
The iron cage of liberalism : international politics and unarmed revolutions in the Middle East and North Africa
Blueprint for revolution : how to use rice pudding, Lego men and other non-violent techniques to galvanize communities, overthrow dictators, or simply change the world
Ahimsā : non-violence in Indian tradition
Nonviolent communication companion workbook : a practical guide for individual, group, or classroom study
The non-violent protests of civil rights activists and anti-nuclear campaigners during the 1960s helped to redefine Western politics. But where did they come from? Sean Scalmer uncovers their history in an earlier generation's intense struggles to understand and emulate the activities of Mahatma Gandhi. He shows how Gandhi's non-violent protests were the subject of widespread discussion and debate in the USA and UK for several decades. Though at first misrepresented by Western newspapers, they were patiently described and clarified by a devoted group of cosmopolitan advocates. Small groups of Westerners experimented with Gandhian techniques in virtual anonymity and then, on the cusp of the 1960s, brought these methods to a wider audience. The swelling protests of later years increasingly abandoned the spirit of non-violence, and the central significance of Gandhi and his supporters has therefore been forgotten. This book recovers this tradition, charts its transformation, and ponders its abiding significance.
Nonkilling speaks both to the goal of preserving the physical lives of individuals, communities, other species, the environment as well as the more metaphorical but also extremely important survival of languages, cultures, histories (oral and written), literary manifestations, etc. The list is vast and varied, and the good news is that a nonkilling mentality can be applied to all these realms and lives. This volume helps us start exploring the potential of the nonkilling paradigm when it comes to language use, education and legislation. As many are aware, language permeates most facets of human experience: we use different forms of language and literacy to establish contact with one another, to communicate our thoughts and feelings, to make sense of the world around us, and ultimately to realize our destiny as social beings.
Learning non-aggression : the experience of non-literate societies
Christus victor
Nonviolence : the history of a dangerous idea
Training of nonviolence in non-formal youth education
Nonviolence and peace building in Islam : theory and practice
Violence, nonviolence and the struggle for social justice : a statement commended by the Central Committee of the World Council of Churches, August 1973 for study, comment and action
Street spirit : the power of protest and mischief
Understanding religious violence : thinking outside the box on terrorism
The politics of nonviolent action. Part 2, The methods of nonviolent action
Choose peace : a dialogue between Johan Galtung and Daisaku Ikeda
Educating youth for a world beyond violence : a pedagogy for peace
Educating for a culture of peace
Nonviolence in theory and practice
We don't play with guns here : war, weapon and superhero play in the early years
Civil resistance and power politics : the experience of non-violent action from Gandhi to the present
PeaceJam : how young people can make peace in their schools and communities
The politics of nonviolent action. Part 1, Power and struggle
Unconquerable world : why peaceful protest is stronger than war
The anti-coup
Selections from Gandhi
Nonkilling global political science
"In the first millennium the Christian Church forbade its clergy from bearing arms. In the mid-eleventh century the ban was reiterated many times at the highest levels: all participants in the battle of Hastings, for example, who had drawn blood were required to do public penance. Yet over the next two hundred years the canon law of the Latin Church changed significantly: the pope and bishops came to authorize and direct wars; military-religious orders, beginning with the Templars, emerged to defend the faithful and the Faith; and individual clerics were allowed to bear arms for defensive purposes. This study examines how these changes developed, ranging widely across Europe and taking the story right up to the present day; it also considers the reasons why the original prohibition has never been restored."--Back cover.
Scientific realism, human emancipation, and nonviolent political action
Beyond war : the human potential for peace
People power : unarmed resistance on global solidarity
Himalayan nature : representations and reality
Nonviolent communication : a language of compassion
Cosmopolitanism and the legacies of dissent
Toward a nonkilling paradigm
Liberation without violence : a third-party approach
Non-violence and aggression : a study of Gandhi's moral equivalent of war
Nonviolence  : the history of a dangerous idea
The war of the lamb : the ethics of nonviolence and peacemaking
Experiments with truth : Gandhi and the images of nonviolence
Gandhi and beyond : nonviolence for an age of terrorism
Violence, nonviolence and civil conflict
This book is about decisions. Not the everyday kind such as "What should I wear today?" or "Where shall we eat tonight?" but decisions that deal with life, death, and protecting the innocent. Self defense is not only about individual survival; self defense can also decide the fate of a nation and all its citizens. "A Time to Kill: The Myth of Christian Pacifism" answers questions such as: Do federal, state, and local laws allow citizens to defend themselves against criminal attack? What means are available for self defense? What strategies should one use to avoid potential conflict. Can Christians defend themselves against Islamic extremists? Is pacifism in the Bible? Do the Gospels say Jesus was a pacifist? What if God commands us to use deadly force to defend the innocent? How do Jesus and the New Testament writers feel about the military? What does the Bible say about the death penalty? Can Christians sit on juries and vote for the death penalty? Can Jesus' teachings help soldiers with combat-induced PTSD? Does the Bible have a consistent message about self-defense from the Old Testament to the New?”
