http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15029 cantatas
cantatas
Britten conducts Britten operas II: A Midsummer Night's Dream, The Rape of Lucretia, The Turn of the Screw, Death in Venice, Gloriana
Kantate Nr. 102 : am 10. Sonntage nach Trinitatis : "Herr, deine Augen sehen nach dem Glauben" : für Alt-, Tenor-, Bass-Solo und Chor : (BWV 102) : "Are not Thine eyes, Lord, fixed on perfection" = Cantata No. 102
The cantata
Choral music
Acis and Galatea ; Look down, harmonious saint
The french cantata : a survey and thematic catalog
Handel as Orpheus : voice and desire in the chamber cantatas
Learner's manual : The struggle of the school of realism in music with the school of formalism in music : Satirical cantata for four basses, choir and piano
Kantate Nr. 35 : am 12. Sonntag nach Trinitatis : "Geist und Seele wird verwirret" : BWV 35 : [Klavierauszug] : "Soul and body before Him" = Cantata No. 35
Kantate Nr. 180 : am 20 Sonntag nach Trinitatis : "Schmücke dich, o liebe Seele" : BWV 180 : [Klavierauszug] : "Soul, array thyself with gladness" = Cantata No. 180
Was mir behagt, ist nur die muntre Jagd, BWV 208 (Hunt cantata)
Musical London c. 1700 : from Purcell to Handel
Concerto for clarinet and string orchestra
Bach: cantatas ; Barber, Copland
Schwingt freudig euch empor, BWV 36 : Kantate zum 1. Advent = Up joyous raise your song : cantata for the first Sunday of Advent
Rejoice in the lamb op 30 ; A Wedding Anthem (Amo ergo sum) op 46 ; Festival Te Deum op 32 ; A Boy was born op 3
Choral edition. Volume 2
Album of sacred songs : For high voice : a collection of twenty-two favorite songs : suitable for use in the churches
Alto solo cantatas of Johann Sebastian Bach and their appropriate application to contralto or mezzo-soprano voice types
Great sacred songs
Kantate Nr. 1 : am Feste Mariae Verkündigung : "Wie schön leuchtet der Morgenstern" : für Sopran-, Tenor-, Bass- Solo und Chor : [BWV 1] : [Klavierauszug] : for the Feast of the Annunciation of the Blessed Virgin Mary : "All glorious doth the Day-Star shine!" = Cantate No. 1 : pour l'Annonciation de la Vierge Marie : "Brillante étoile du matin!" = Cantata No. 1
Music for the tempest, overture to the Duenna, three cantatas
A christmas cantata
Kantate Nr. 56 : am 19. Sonntag nach Trinitatis : "Ich will den Kreuzstab gerne tragen" : BWV 56 : [Klavierauszug] : "I with my cross-staff gladly wander" = Cantata No. 56
The Cantatas of Johann Sebastian Bach : Sacred and secular. Volume II
Kantate Nr. 137 : am zwölften Sonntag nach Trinitatis : "Lobe den Herren, den mächtigen König der Ehren" : für Sopran-, Alt-, Tenor-, Bass-Solo und Chor : BWV 137 : [Klavierauszug] : "Praise Him, the Lord, the Almighty, the King and adore Him" = Cantata No. 137
Matthäus-Passion : St. Matthew passion BWV 244
The whale
Choral Works
Cantata for soprano, tenor, female chorus, and a small instrumental ensemble
Kantate Nr. 71 : bei der Ratswahl zu Mühlhausen 1708 : "Gott ist mein König" : BWV 71 : [Klavierauszug] : "God, the Lord of my King is" = Cantata No.71
Herz und Mund und Tat und Leben = Heart and lips, thy whole behaviour : Kantate zum Fest Mariae Heimsuchung = Cantata for the Feast of Visitation B.V.M. : BWV 147
Six great secular cantatas in full score
Kantate Nr. 23 : am Sonntag Estomihi : "Du wahrer Gott und Davids Sohn" : BWV 23 : [Klavierauszug] : "Thou very God, and David's Son" = Cantata No. 23
The Company of Heaven
Alfred Deller : Purcell, Handel, Bach, Campion, Buxtehude
Kantate Nr. 27 : am sechsehnten Sonntage nach Trinitatis : "Wer weiss, wie nahe mir mein Ende" : für Sopran-, Alt-, Tenor-, Bass-Solo und Chor : (BWV 27) : [Klavierauszug mit Text] : "Who knows when lifes, last hour appraocheth" = Cantate No. 27 : "Qui peut prévoir sa dernière heure" = Cantata No 27
Susan Gritton sings Britten, Finzi and Delius
BWV 73 : Herr, wie du willt, so schicks mit mir : Kantate zum 3. Sonntag nach Epiphanias
The church cantatas of J. S. Bach
Chorwerke : (complete)
The chamber cantatas of Antonio Vivaldi
The Italian cantata in Vienna : entertainment in the age of absolutism
Belshazzar's Feast : for mixed choir, baritone solo and orchestra
Baroque duet ; Kathleen Battle, Wynton Marsalis
The genius of Mozart : His choral music SATB
Kantate Nr. 159 : am Sonntag Estomihi : "Sehet, wir gehn hinauf gen Jerusalem" : BWV 159 : [Klavierauszug] : "Come and let us go up to Jerusalem" = Cantata No. 159
Christus Apollo
An ode for St Cecilia's Day
Kantate Nr. 80 : am Reformations-Feste : "Ein feste Burg ist unser Gott" : für Sopran-, Alt-, Tenor-, Bass-Solo und Chor : (BWV 80) : [Klavierauszug mit Text] : "A stronghold sure is God our Lord" = Cantata No. 80
Kantate Nr. 38 : am 21. Sonntag nach Trinitatis : "Aus tiefer Not schrei ich zu dir" : BWV 38 : [Klavierauszug] : "Out of the deep call I to Thee" = Cantata No. 38
Sinfonietta, op 1 for flute, oboe, clarinet, bassoon, trumpet, trombone, harp and percussion
Kantate Nr. 147 : am Fest Mariae Heimsuchung : "Herz und Mund und Tat und Leben" : BWV 147 : [Klavierauszug] : "Heart and voice and all our being" = Cantata No. 147
A Dictionary of opera and song themes : including cantatas, oratorios, lieder and art songs
Johann Sebastian Bach : Das Kantatenwerk : Sacred Cantatas
Dr Arne at Vauxhall Gardens
The Cantatas of Johann Sebastian Bach : Sacred and secular. Volume I
Beauty of the Baroque
Album of sacred songs : For low voice : a collection of twenty-two favorite songs : suitable for use in the churches
Cantata for Soprano, Tenor, Female Chorus, and a small Instrumental Ensemble
St. Matthew Passion
Cantata : For Soprano, Tenor, Female Chorus and a small Instrumental Ensemble
Cantata No. 82 : Ich habe genug (BWV 82) : for bass soloist and orchestra with german and english text
An introduction to the dramatic works of Giacomo Meyerbeer : operas, ballets, cantatas, plays
Kantate Nr. 199 : am 11. Sonntag nach Trinitatis : "Mein Herze schwimmt im Blut" : BWV 199 : [Klavierauszug] : "My heart with grief doth swoon" = Cantata No. 199
Kantate Nr. 214 : Dramma per musica : "Tönet, ihr Pauken! Erschallet, Trompeten!" : "Trumpets, uplift ye! loud drum-rolls, now thunder!" : BWV214 = Cantata No. 214
Baroque and Romantic vocal music
St Nicolas, op. 42 : A Cantata
Mystical love in the German Baroque : theology, poetry, music
Kantate Nr. 34 : am Ffingstfeste : "O ewiges Feuer, o Ursprung der Liebe!" : für Alt-, Tenor-, Bass-Solo und Chor : BWV 34 : [Klavierauszug] : "O fire everlasting, o fount of affection" = Cantata No 34
Das Arienbuch = The aria book : Alto
Let the bright Seraphim
The Whale / Celtic Requiem
The Whale
Choral music from King's College, Cambridge
Hodie : A Christmas Cantata ; Fantasia on Christmas Carols
Angels hide their faces : Dawn Upshaw sings Bach and Purcell
A Survivor From Warsaw Opus 46
Standard vocal literature : Baritone
Phaedra, op. 93 : dramatic cantata for mezzo-soprano and a small orchestra
The supreme Wagnerian soprano
Kantate Nr. 68 am zweiten Pfingsttag "Also hat Gott die Welt geliebt", BWV 68 = Cantata No. 68 for Whitsuntide "For God his wondrous love to show"
Handbook to Bach's sacred Cantata texts : an interlinear translation with reference guide to Biblical quotations and allusions
Britten choral edition. Volume 2
Epithalamion
Dona nobis pacem : Cantata for soprano and baritone soli, chorus and orchestra
Kantate Nr. 26 : am 24 Sonntag nach Trinitatis : "Ach wie flüchtig, ach wie nichtig" : BWV 26 : [Klavierauszug] : "Ah! how weary, ah! how fleetingwander" = Cantate No. 26 : "Ombre vaine, fugitive" = Cantata No. 26
The Rescue of Penelope : concert version of the radio drama The Rescue (1943)
The cantatas of J.S. Bach : with their librettos in German-English parallel text
Cecilia Bartoli - Nikolaus Harnoncourt - Haydn
Fortspinnungstypus revisited : schemata and prototypical features in J. S. Bach's minor-key cantata aria introductions
Kantate Nr. 12 : am Sonntag Jubilate : "Weinen, Klagen, Sorgen, Zagen" : "Weeping, wailing, mourning, fearing" = Cantate No. 12 : "Larmes, plaintes, transes, craintes" : BWV 12 : [Klavierauszug] = Cantata No. 12
Hodie : A Christmas cantata
Stravinsky Conducts Stravinsky : The Original Jacket Collection
Crucifixus pro nobis and other choral works
The Baroque Beatles book
Das Weihnachtsoratorium = The Christmas Oratorio BWV 248
The solo cantata in eighteenth-century Britain : a thematic catalog
A Whitehouse Cantata : Scenes from 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue
Kantate Nr. 21 : für jede Zeit : "Ich hatte viel Bekümmerniss" : "I had great heaviness of heart" : BWV 21 : [Klavierauszug] = Cantata No. 21
Kantate Nr. 7 : am Fest Johannis des Täufers : "Christ unser Herr zum Jordan kam" : "Lord Christ of old to Jordan came" : BWV 7 : [Klavierauszug] = Cantata no.7
