http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15063 tea
tea
Tea & taste : the visual language of tea
New Zen : the tea-ceremony room in modern Japanese architecture
Effective learning and teaching in engineering
Cardiorespiratory function is prominently affected by oxidative stress. Cigarette smoking is the archetype of oxidative and nitrative stress and free radical formation. New adverse effects of smoking keep on propping up in research. The chapters provide the comprehensive view of new developments in this area regarding cardiovascular and lung function and muscle catabolism. Alterations in inflammatory cytokines and proteins as well as degradation of muscle proteins due to smoking, by far unrecognized, caused by oxidative stress also are presented. Much less is known about the effect of cognitive stress on vagally-mediated cardiorespiratory function and surprisingly, on vagal immune pathway. The experimental studies also show that clinically important meconium aspiration syndrome contains an oxidative trait which is amenable to antioxidative treatment. This volume creates a source of information on the damaging role of oxidative stress in cardiorespiratory function that has by far not been available.
The culture and marketing of tea
The determination of copper content in tea by MPT-AES method
Food. Volume 3, the social relations of food
The tea book
The tea road : China and Russia meet across the steppe
Afternoon tea : a timeless tradition
The Korean way of tea : an introductory guide
Chinese tea : a cultural history and drinking guide
The way of tea
The Ritz London book of afternoon tea : the art & pleasures of taking tea
The basics of traditional Chinese culture
Teapots : the collector's guide to selecting, displaying and enjoying new and vintage teapots
The Chinese art of tea
The complete book of teas
The history of the Indian tea industry
Amelie Ayres has impeccable taste in music. Bowie. Bush. Bob. So when she finds herself backstage at The Keep’s only UK gig she expects to hate it; after all they are world’s most tragic band. In fact she feels a grudging respect – not (obviously) for their music, but for the work that goes in to making them megastars. And when lead singer, ‘Maxx’, is not dressed up as a cross between Elvis and a My Little Pony, he is actually rather normal, talented and has creative struggles not too dissimilar to her own.
Chinese tea
Kanali - from Rauma to the world : Learning international business competence by doing
Chanoyu : the Urasenke traditon of tea
Tea time : a complete collection of traditional recipes
Urasenke Chanoyu. Handbook 2
The story of tea : a cultural history and drinking guide
Chado : the Japanese way of tea
Japan : the cycle of life
The art of tea in China
What makes tea truly "fascinating"? : the interaction of artifice, naturalness and "fascination" in the Japanese way of tea
Lifestyle in China
An Empire of plants : people and plants that changed the world
Daddy Lion's tea party
Zen in the art of the tea ceremony
The way of tea : the sublime art of oriental tea drinking
A gourmet's book of teas & coffee
The teahouse fire : [a novel]
Cloud tea monkeys
Golden tips : a description of Ceylon and its great tea industry
Darjeeling : the colorful history and precarious fate of the world's greatest tea
Book of Tea
Nutrition for healthy skin : strategies for clinical and cosmetic practice
International cuisine has long conquered our cooking and eating habits. However, regional ingredients and some that were out of fashion for a while are gaining importance again. Accordingly, the range of available domestic and international foods is broad - enriching, but also challenging, as many fruits, herbs, seasonings, fish and meat products are unknown to the consumer.
Tea ; a perfect brew
Codified Tranquility : Ritual and Communitas in the Japanese Way of Tea
Sushi & sashimi, teriyaki & tempura : new classic recipes from the japanese kitchen
Tea and tea set : appreciating Chinese tea
Green gold : the empire of tea
The China bird : the history of Captain Killick, and the firm he founded, Killick Martin & Company
The witches of New York
For all the tea in China : espionage, empire and the secret formula for the world's favourite drink
Participatory methods and empowerment for health and safety work:case studies in Norrbotten, Sweden
Tea : a cultural history from around the world
Cool smoothies : juices and coctails
Beyond learning by doing : theoretical currents in experiential education
Brewing tea : appreciating Chinese tea
Japanese arts and the tea ceremony
A Chanoyu vocabulary : practical terms for the way of tea
Memory of water
The tarot oracle : tarot cards, runes, palmistry, numerology, I Ching, crystals, tea leaves
Tea : ceremony and culture and all that goes with it
The tea companion
Enjoy tea in Beijing
Tea with Jane Austen
Participatory methods and empowerment for health and safety work : case studies in Norrbotten, Sweden
Taking tea at The Savoy
A history of the world in six glasses
Opium and empire : the lives and careers of William Jardine and James Matheson
The book of tea : the illustrated classic edition
Elements of food production and baking
A guide to tea explores the blends, tastings, and ceremonies from around the world, presents the health benefits of the beverage, and provides recipes for different types of tea and foods and other drinks incorporating it.
The National Trust & the West Country Tourist Board's book of afternoon tea
The tea lords
Natural compounds as therapeutic agents for amyloidogenic diseases
Tea etiquette for guests : a practical guide for Chanoyu study
Covers the art of making, tasting, and serving tea. Examines 50 types of tea and provides recipes, along with advice on pairing tea and food.
The pocket guide to coffees and teas
A Business Plan of Teahouse in Helsinki, Finland
The book of Korean tea : a guide to the history, culture and philosophy of Korean tea and the tea ceremony
Food tourism around the world : development, management and markets
Handbook of food and beverage fermentation technology
The tea ceremony
Korean tea classics
Tea-rooms : traditional spaces in modern Japan
Tea : the drink that changed the world
Ingredients offers an indispensable guidance: Over 2000 culinary ingredients are in this book, each introduced with pictures and described with tips on appearance, consistency, taste and use.
Memoirs of a geisha
The Japanese tea ceremony : an interpretation for occidentals
The alkaline cleanse : a seven-day detox
"What is experiential education? What are its theoretical roots? Where does this approach come from? Offering a fresh and distinctive take, this book is about going beyond "learning by doing" through an exploration of its underlying theoretical currents. As an increasingly popular pedagogical approach, experiential education encompasses a variety of curriculum projects from outdoor and environmental education to service learning and place-based education. While each of these sub-fields has its own history and particular approach, they draw from the same progressive intellectual taproot. Each, in its own way, evokes the power of "learning by doing" and "direct experience" in the educational process. By unpacking the assumed homogeneity in these terms to reveal the underlying diversity of perspectives inherent in their usage, this book allows readers to see how the approaches connect to larger conversations and histories in education and social theory, placing experiential education in social and historical context"-- Provided by publisher.
This beats perfect
A social history of tea
The Japanese tea ceremony : cha-no-yu
Tea : discovering, exploring, enjoying
Japanese tea culture : art, history, and practice
Chinese Herbal tea brand positioning Strategy  : Case study: WONG LO KAT Herbal Tea
Tea in Japan : essays on the history of chanoyu
Seeds of change : five plants that transformed mankind
New tastes in green tea : a novel flavor for familiar drinks, dishes, and desserts
The altogether unexpected disappearance of Atticus Craftsman
Tea art : A modern look at vintage tea graphics
Empire of tea : the Asian leaf that conquered the world
The eccentric teapot : four hundred years of invention
Caffeinated : how our daily habit helps, hooks and hurts us
Oolong tea
Having tea : recipes & table settings
Tea : east & west
The book of coffee and tea : a guide to the appreciation of fine coffees, teas, and herbal beverages
My crummy Valentine
Establishing a tea shop successfully in Varkaus
The book of matcha : a superhero tea - what it is, how to drink it, recipes and lots more
The one taste of truth : Zen and the art of drinking tea
The tea enthusiast's handbook : a guide to enjoying the world's best teas
Taxing heaven's storehouse : horses, bureaucrats, and the destruction of the Sichuan tea industry, 1074-1224
BRAND DEVELOPMENT IN CHINESE TEA MARKET : Case Company: Lipton
The beast boy who cried wolf
Tea and tourism : tourists, traditions and transformations
The way of tea, tea as a way of life : Cha Dao
Herbal teas
The tea lords : a novel of Java
The picture book of tea and coffee
The classic of tea
Jane Pettigrew's tea time : a complete collection of traditional recipes
The Japanese way of tea : from its origins in China to Sen Rikyü
The environmental kuznets curve in consideration of learning by doing in abatement
Start and run a coffee shop
Tea : history, terroirs, varieties
The book of tea
Tea seremony
The manuring of coffee, cocoa, tea and tobacco
Sri Lanka's tea industry : succeeding in the global market
The story of Ty-Phoo
Oxidative stress and cardiorespiratory function
All the tea in China
The vintage tea party book
Michael Smith's afternoon tea : the complete book of Britain's tea-time treats
Discursive matrixes of motherhood : cultivating decency and emotion in Finnish and French mother-talk
Tea cult of Japan : an aesthetic pastime
Tea
