http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15038 military science
military science
A history of warfare
What would be the character of a new war?
Fighting techniques of the early modern world, AD 1500 - AD 1763 : equipment, combat skills and tactics
Divided dreamworlds? : the cultural Cold War in East and West
Messy wars
Contemporary strategy : theories and policies
The ongoing battle for hearts and minds in Iraq and Afghanistan is a military strategy inspired originally by efforts at domestic social control and counter insurgency in the US. Price here documents how anthropological knowledge and methods are harnessed by military and intelligence agencies in post 9/11 America to placate hostile foreign populations. He outlines the ethical implications of appropriating this traditional academic discourse for use by embedded, militarised research teams.
An introduction to war theory
This handbook will examine the context of war from the scholarly discipline's key theoretical perspectives and analyse the contemporary conduct of war at strategic, military, civilian, and organisational levels. In addition to examining the role war plays in the shifting and shaping of global norms, values, and structures, it will assess the machinery behind the war, in particular the defence and technological base of war as well as the mechanisms necessary to successfully govern victory and defeat. In addition to the classical Western approach the volume will incorporate perspectives from around the globe.
Modern Chinese warfare, 1795-1989
SIPRI yearbook
Lanchester and beyond : a Workshop on Operational Analysis Methodology, 16 October, 2006, Riihimäki, Finland : proceedings
Weaponizing anthropology : social science in the service of the militarized state
Strategy in the contemporary world : an introduction to strategic studies
Why war? : ideology, theory, and history
The dynamics of military revolution, 1300-2050
The pity of war
Naval research logistics quarterly
Itämerta käsittelevää kirjallisuutta Sotatieteellisessä keskuskirjastossa = Litteratur om Östersjön i Krigsvetenskapliga centralbiblioteket = Literature on the Baltic Sea in the Central Library of Military Research
Social sciences and the military : an interdisciplinary overview
The Cold War and American science : the military-industrial-academic complex at MIT and Stanford
Abstracts of research projects completed in 1998 and sponsored by the Scientific Advisory Board for Defence (Matine)
International military and defense encyclopedia. Vol. 2, C-F
Operational art & design : western traditions and the new challenges
World War II and its origins : a select annotated bibliography of books in English
War and the return of history
Anomalous transport processes in chemically active random environment
International military and defense encyclopedia. Vol. 5, P-S
Strategic studies : a reader
New perspectives on ancient warfare
Interagency cooperation : a regional model for overseas operations
Abstracts of in 1999 completed research projects sponsored by the Scientific Advisory Board for Defence (MATINE)
John of Salisbury : military authority of the twelfth-century Renaissance
Abstracts of research projects completed in 1995 and sponsored by the Scientific Committee of National Defence (Matine)
Concept, algorithm, decision : decision making and automation : (a Soviet view)
Check your vocabulary for military English : a workbook for users
Left of bang : how the Marine Corps' combat hunter program can save your life
War in the age of intelligent machines
War in European history
Military institutions and the sociology of war : a review of the literature with annotated bibliography
International military and defense encyclopedia. Vol. 6, T-Z
Clausewitz : philosopher of war
Russian imperial military doctrine and education, 1832-1914
Institute of Military Science 1918-1989 : a brief history
The human face of war
The art and science of military deception
Selected Soviet military writings 1970-1975 : a Soviet view
Journal of military studies
Abstract : Military sciences and their development in Finland during 21st century.
Abstracts of research projects completed in 1997 and sponsored by the Scientific Committee of National Defence (Matine)
International military and defense encyclopedia. Vol. 3, G-L
Abstract.
International military and defense encyclopedia (IMADE). Vol. 4., M-O
The sociology of war and violence
International military and defense encyclopedia (IMADE). Vol. 1., A-B
Renaissance military memoirs : war, history, and identity, 1450-1600
Bernard Brodie and the bomb : at the birth of the bipolar world
Samurai wisdom : lessons from Japan's warrior culture : five classics texts on Bushido
The making of strategy : rulers, states, and war
Dictionary of weapons and military terms
Finsk militär tidskrift 1881-82 and 1884-1901 : professionalism and patriotism
By fire and sword : the rise and fall of English supremacy at arms, 1314-1485
Notes on the war : sixty articles reprinted from the "Pall Mall Gazette" 1870-1871
Summary.
Samurai wisdom : lessons from Japan's warrior culture : five classic texts on Bushido
The liberal way of war : killing to make life live
Should we call it research?
Military science in the 21st century : an Austrian perspective
Warfare in Europe, 1919-1938
On Clausewitz : a study of military and political ideas
Sunzi : the art of war ; Sun Bin : the art of war
The Oxford history of modern war
Science with a human face : the activity of the Czechoslovak scientists František Šorm and Otto Wichterle during the Cold War
Makers of modern strategy from Machiavelli to the nuclear age
The future of military leadership and management
Warfare in Japan
Warfare in Europe 1792-1815
Abstracts of research projects completed in the year 2000.
The Oxford handbook of war
The seven military classics of ancient China
After Clausewitz : German military thinkers before the Great War
From separate institutes to the Institute of Military Science
The revolution in military affairs : implications for Canada and NATO
Selected Soviet military writings, 1970-1975 : a Soviet view
On war
The illustrated art of war
European armies and the conduct of war
Dictionary of military terms
War and technology
A history of military thought : from the enlightenment to the Cold War
The Ashgate research companion to war : origins and prevention
Another bloody century : future warfare
Abstracts of research projects completed in 1996 and sponsored by the Scientific Committee of National Defence (Matine)
The Facts on File dictionary of military science
Dictionary of basic military terms : a Soviet view
The many faces of military studies : a search for fundamental questions
The strategic use of military contractors : American commercial military service providers in Bosnia and Liberia : 1995-2009
"War is a highly complex and dynamic form of social conflict. This new book demonstrates the importance of using sociological tools to understand the changing character of war and organised violence. The author offers an original analysis of the historical and contemporary impact that coercion and warfare have on the transformation of social life, and vice versa. Although war and violence were decisive components in the formation of modernity most analyses tend to shy away from the sociological study of the gory origins of contemporary social life. In contrast, this book brings the study of organised violence to the fore by providing a wide-ranging sociological analysis that links classical and contemporary theories with specific historical and geographical contexts. Topics covered include violence before modernity, warfare in the modern age, nationalism and war, war propaganda, battlefield solidarity, war and social stratification, gender and organised violence, and the new wars debate"--
Supergenius : the mega-worlds of Herman Kahn
While the divide between capitalism and communism, embodied in the image of the Iron Curtain, seemed to be as wide and definitive as any cultural rift, Giles Scott-Smith, Joes Segal, and Peter Romijn have compiled a selection of essays on how culture contributed to the blurring of ideological boundaries between the East and the West. This important and diverse volume presents fascinating insights into the tensions, rivalries, and occasional cooperation between the two blocs, with essays that represent the cutting edge of Cold War Studies and analyze aesthetic preferences and cultural phenomena as various as interior design in East and West Germany; the Soviet stance on genetics; US cultural diplomacy during and after the Cold War; and the role of popular music as the universal cultural ambassador.An illuminating and wide-ranging survey of interrelated collective dreams from both sides of the Iron Curtain, Divided Dreamworlds? has a place on the bookshelf of any modern historian.
The closed world : computers and the politics of discourse in Cold War America
On the doctrine of limited war
Sieges of the English Civil Wars
The Armed Forces of the Soviet Union
A dictionary of modern defence and strategy
