http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15037 art of warfare
art of warfare
The art of war
Deadpool's Art of war
Greek and roman siege machinery 399 BC-AD 363
A history of fortification from 3000 BC to AD 1700
The German school of naval thought and the origins of the Tirpitz Plan 1875-1900
War studies reader : from the Renaissance to the present day and beyond
The blood of kings
The wiles of war : 36 military strategies from ancient China
Zhuge Liang : strategy, achievements, and writings
Warfare in Europe 1792-1815
The seven military classics of ancient China
International military and defense encyclopedia (IMADE). Vol. 4., M-O
Abstract.
The shogun's scroll : wield power and control your destiny
Arte militare e architettura nuragica = Nuragic architecture in its military, territorial and socio-economic context : proceedings of the first International Colloquium on Nuragic Architecture at the Swedish Institute in Rome, 7-9 December, 1989
The culture of military innovation : the impact of cultural factors on the revolution in military affairs in Russia, the US, and Israel
Mongol warrior 1200-1350
Decoding Clausewitz : a new approach to On war
Warfare and military matters in the Nuzi tablets
NINJA : THE TRUE STORY OF JAPAN`S SECRET WARRIOR CULT
Infantry attacks
The Roman art of war
Strategy for tomorrow
The science of military strategy
European armies and the conduct of war
Samurai warlords : the book of the daimyo
In Saint George's name : an anthology of medieval German fighting arts
Hagakure : the book of the samurai
Uncertainties in military strategic decision-making
International military and defense encyclopedia. Vol. 2, C-F
Elves : war-fighting manual
The art of the warrior : leadership and strategy from the Chinese military classics : with selections from The seven military classics of Ancient China and Sun Pin's military methods
Recognizing and understanding revolutionary change in warfare : the sovereignty of context
From battlefield to boardroom : making the difference through values based leadership
Vegetius: Epitome of military science
The Japanese art of war : understanding the culture of strategy
Vanquished : crushing defeats from ancient Rome to the 21st century
Sun Tzu : the ultimate master of war
The sieges of Alexander the Great
Achtung-Panzer! : the development of armoured forces, their tactics and operational potential
International military and defense encyclopedia. Vol. 5, P-S
Warfare in the classical world : an illustrated encyclopedia of weapons, warriors and warfare in the ancient civilisations of Greece and Rome
Seapower : a guide for the twenty-first century
The Roman army. : the greatest war machine of the ancient world
Artists and warfare in the Renaissance
The changing character of war
Romano-Byzantine armies 4th - 9th centuries
Moltke on the art of war : selected writings
A Samurai warrior
The eye of command
The art of the samurai : Yamamoto Tsunetomo's Hagakure, the new illustrated edition of the classic Japanese warrior code
Sunzi bingfa ; Sun Bin bingfa = Sunzi: the art of war ; Sun Bin: the art of war
Six-legged soldiers : using insects as weapons of war
The firework book : gunpowder in medieval Germany
The military revolution in sixteenth-century Europe
Operational art & design : western traditions and the new challenges
War, chaos, and history
Intelligence in war : the value--and limitations--of what the military can learn about the enemy
Warriors and warfare in ancient and medieval times
A decade has passed since the death of Caradoc, King of the Dumnonii tribe, and his friend, Flavius Magnus Maximus. Britain is battered by Pict invaders, and centurion Constantinus and his legionnaires are fighting them to the death. Maximus's daughter, Lady Severa, holds the key to the throne of the High King of the Britons and when she is threatened with abduction, Constantinus escorts her to the safety of Tintagel. Agreeing to marry her, he is crowned the High King, and Severa bears him two sons, Ambrosius and Uther. But, as the ruler of Britain, Constantinus is poisoned by greed and jealousy, and his thirst for greatness in the Roman Empire will cost him dear...
The 33 strategies of war
Ride of the second horseman : the birth and death of war
In harm's way : on the front lines of leadership: sub-unit command on operations
The Art of war
The poisoned throne
On war
Can the art of warfare be systematised?
The evolution of strategy : thinking war from antiquity to the present
In harm's way : serving the greater good: perspectives of operational duty
Samurai warriors
How to make war : a comprehensive guide to modern warfare in the twenty-first century
How democracies lose small wars : state, society, and the failures of France in Algeria, Israel in Lebanon, and the United States in Vietnam
International military and defense encyclopedia. Vol. 3, G-L
The art of war : two Chinese military classics in one volume
Engineering principles of combat modeling and distributed simulation
Militarie discipline : or the young artillery-man..
New wars and new soldiers : military ethics in the contemporary world
Mao Zedong's theory and practice of guerrilla warfare
The evolution of weapons and warefare
Samurai : the story of a warrior tradition
Training the Roman Cavalry : from Arrian's Ars Tactica
The complete illustrated history of the Aztec & Maya
Empire of silver : the epic story of the Khan dynasty
Centre of gravity : application an utility of the concept in the modern art of war
Outnumbered, outgunned, undeterred : twenty battles against all odds
Sun Tzu's art of war : the modern Chinese interpretation
The Fighting Man : the Illustrated History of the World's Greatest Fighting Forces through the Ages
Can the art of warfare be systemated?
Fighting techniques of the early modern world, AD 1500 - AD 1763 : equipment, combat skills and tactics
The art and science of military deception
International military and defense encyclopedia. Vol. 6, T-Z
Napoleonic warfare : the operational art of the great campaigns
Feeding Mars : logistics in Western warfare from the Middle Ages to the present
Sunzi : the art of war ; Sun Bin : the art of war
Understanding defeat : how to recover from loss in battle to gain victory in war
Empire of silver
The art of spiritual warfare : a guide to lasting inner peace based on Sun Tzu's The art of war
A history of the art of war in the middle ages
The Complete art of war
The encyclopedia of weaponry : (From stone spears to guided missiles)
The human face of war
The book of five rings
Gunpowder: the history of an international technology
Napoleon's Red Lancers
The superstrategists : great captains, theorists, and fighting men who have shaped the history of warfare
The military history book : the ultimate visual guide to the weapons that shaped the world
The principles of war in the information age
The fate of Roman Britain is sealed when Caradoc, King of the Dumnonii tribe in Tintagel, meets Flavius Magnus Maximus, one of the most influential Roman officers in Britannia. Their unlikely friendship leads to an ambitious plan to unite the tribal leaders and, once crowned the first High King of the Britons, Maximus casts his eyes on the throne of the Western Roman Empire. Leading a force of brave warriors to Gaul, Maximus is victorious in battle. But it is not long after his return to Britain that hubris gnaws at him once again. Despite Caradoc's pleas to exercise caution, Maximus is determined to march on Rome itself. But who will pay the price for his bloodthirsty quest for power?
Sieges of the English Civil Wars
An introduction to war theory
The art of war / by Sun Tzu ; translated from Chinese by Lionel Giles in 1910.
Sun Tzu's the art of war plus its amazing secrets
Makers of modern strategy : from Machiavelli to the nuclear age
The military experience in the Age of Reason
Greek fire, poison arrows & scorpion bombs : biological and chemical warfare in the ancient world
The janissaries
The emperor's digital clothes : cyberwar and the application of classical theories of war
Sun Tzu's The art of war : bilingual edition with complete Chinese and English text
The German way of war : from the Thirty Years' War to the Third Reich
The cognitive challenge of war : Prussia, 1806
The art of war : the definitive interpretation of Sun Tzu's classic book on strategy for the martial artist
War on the mind : the military uses and abuses of psychology
Fighting techniques of the Ancient World 3,000 BC to 500 AD : equipment, combat skills, and tactics
The author provides a critical audit of the great RMA debate and of some actual RMA behavior and warns against a transformation that is highly potent only in a narrow range of strategic cases. He warns that the military effectiveness of a process of revolutionary change in a "way of war" can only be judged by the test of battle, and possibly not even then, if the terms of combat are very heavily weighted in favor of the United States. On balance, the concept of revolutionary change is found to be quite useful, provided it is employed and applied with some reservations and in a manner that allows for flexibility and adaptability. The contexts of warfare, especially the political, determine how effective a transforming military establishment will be.
Roman warfare
The duality of tactical thought : a study of how Swedish land forces' commanders view tactics in irregular warfare
The global economy is becoming an increasingly turbulent world; this changing context is placing new demands on organisational thinking. This book examines how similar demands have been met by the British military and how these solutions could be utilised by a wider community of practitioners.
Sun Pin military methods
The worldwide history of warfare : the ultimate visual guide, from the Ancient world to the American Civil War
Strategic nuclear targeting
Left of bang : how the Marine Corps' combat hunter program can save your life
Tools of War : a Few Remarks on the Subject of Military-Technology
War in the Middle Ages
Can science end war?
The worldwide history of warfare : The ultimate visual guide from the ancient world to the American Civil War
No sure victory  : measuring U.S. Army effectiveness and progress in the Vietnam War
A history of warfare
Makers of modern strategy : military thought from Machiavelli to Hitler
International military and defense encyclopedia (IMADE). Vol. 1., A-B
Orcs : war-fighting manual
Symmetry and asymmetry in colonial warfare ca. 1500-2000 : the uses of a concept
World war II desert tactics
Mao Zedong's art of war
Sunzi bingfa = The Art of war
Challenge & response : military effectiveness 1914-1945
The Art of War : general Tao Hanzhang
