http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15135 chains (systems)
chains (systems)
Retailers’ strategic responses to institutional pressures: the case of Finnish multinational retailers in Russia
Order Delivery Management : Case: Xerox Oy
Fast-food operations and their management
Value-based pricing of ICT services at CitiusNet Ltd
Production planning development at KM Pakkaus
Successful franchising
Creative gold- and silversmithing : jewelry : decorative metalcraft
Do delivery terms influence the amount of the goods-in-transit inventories in the multinational organization? : case study
The Benefits of Tourism Handicraft Sales at Mwenge Handicrafts Centre in Dar es Salaam, Tanzania
Creating Core Competence and an Expansion Plan for a Chinese Wellness Company in Finland
The effect of hot-dip galvanizing on the strength of drive chains
First-time-right procurement : substitution of the paradox purchasing savings through first-time-right procurement (FTRP)
Service science and logistics informatics : innovative perspectives
Design of layout rearrangement of enterprise logistics based on the combination of slp and sha
Aid for trade at a glance 2013 : connecting to value chains
The aspect of mobility in the career paths of hotel managers of one hotel chain in Helsinki.
"Markov processes are among the most important stochastic processes for both theory and applications. This book develops the general theory of these processes and applies this theory to various special examples. The initial chapter is devoted to the most important classical example--one-dimensional Brownian motion. This, together with a chapter on continuous time Markov chains, provides the motivation for the general setup based on semigroups and generators. Chapters on stochastic calculus and probabilistic potential theory give an introduction to some of the key areas of application of Brownian motion and its relatives. A chapter on interacting particle systems treats a more recently developed class of Markov processes that have as their origin problems in physics and biology."--Publisher's description.
The laws of large numbers
Solution Delivery Capability Creation
Effective outsourcing throughout the supply chain in the automotive industry
The chain-restaurant industry
Nonlinear Markov processes and kinetic equations
Bayesian stochastic partition models for Markovian dependence structures
Evaluating Warehouse-outsourcing options for a small IT-retail company : A case study
"This book provides both business and IT professionals a reference for practices and guidelines to service innovation in logistics and supply chain management"--Provided by publisher.
Growth, savings, financial markets and Markov switching regimes
An introduction to complex analysis in several variables
How companies are securing their supply chain during crisis situations
Basic stochastic processes
MCMC methods for inverse problems
Supplier’s delivery improvement : case study: Post & Telecommunication Equipment Joint Stock Company
Studies on the performance of some ARQ schemes
Finite Markov chains and algorithmic applications
Improvement of environmental stone business : case: K-Rautapohja Oy
Hospitality branding
Sparse Bayesian linear models : computational advances and applications in epidemiology
The strategic role of external sustainability assessment in the food value chain
The new economics of fast food
Importing of an international business chain to Finlad : feasibility study and implementing strategy
Bayesian clustering of DNA sequences using Markov chains and a partition model
Evaluating the Supply Chain of Ghana Cocoa from a  company point of view
Dynamic probabilistic systems. 1, Markov models
The theory of probability
Packing, shipping and folding instructions to Chinese suppliers : Reima limited company
Better supplier managemet for supermarket chains in China : Case study of Beiguo Supermarket
Challenges in intercultural hotel management
Supply Chain at Eniram Oy : delivery and productization process phases and improvement ideas from the supply chain`s point of view
Lyhytlenkkinen nostokettinki : turvallisuus = Short link chain for lifting purposes : safety. Osa 4 = Part 4, Kettinkiraksit : luokka 8 = Chain slings : grade 8.
Corporate Responsibility in Supplier Selection Process at Algol Chemicals
Bayesian decision problems and Markov chains
Initial Wave Nonresponse and Panel Attrition in the Finnish Subsample of EU-SILC
Nonlinearly perturbed regenerative processes and pseudo-stationary phenomena for stochastic systems
Fountain codes: performance analysis and optimization
Markov processes and applications : algorithms, networks, genome and finance
Markov chains and stochastic stability
FAO/WHO guide for developing and improving national food recall systems
Markov models and optimization
Selected papers
Improving Internal Software Applications of Buyers : Case of Nokia Siemens Networks HWS Buyers
A pseudo-Markov model for stationary series of events
The Use of Simulation with Supply Chains
Finite Markov chains
Hidden Markov and other models for discrete-valued time series
Markov point processes and their applications
Supply Chain Modelling. A Practical Approach : Case: Go Double A Oy
Primordial isocurvature perturbation in light of CMB and LSS data
Topics in occupation times and Gaussian free fields
Continuous time Markov processes : an introduction
Improving Delivery Quality in Supply Chain : a Case Study
Bayesian inference for retrospective population genetics models using Markov chain Monte Carlo methods
For students who want to advance their understanding of company logistics and supply chains, the author examines how a number of firms in a supply chain work together to create a flow of products and services that satisfies end customers, whilst enabling all the manufacturing and service companies involved to grow profitably. Including the most recent concepts and theoretical advances to emerge from the field of logistics and supply chain management, this text informs and assists its readers with the aid of case studies and accompanying questions, diagrams, photos and an accompanying website.
International agri-food chains and networks : management and organization
Relevance feedback from eye movements for proactive information retrieval
Performance modeling of automated manufacturing systems
Supplier Selection in Global Sourcing : the Case of Elevator Industry
Structural development of the arvester head saw unit
Strategic purchasing practices : the case study of PAUL Bakery UK
A modern approach to probability theory
Structure learning of context-specific graphical models
The analysis of alternative transportation routes in comission of TNT Express
Managing diversity in public organizations / Silvia Popescu and Rauno Rusko
Logistics Practices in the Service sector : The case study of New Fairmount Hotel, Zambia
Continuous-time Markov chains : an applications-oriented approach
"Preface. Latent Markov models represent an important class of latent variable models for the analysis of longitudinal data, when the response variables measure common characteristics of interest which are not directly observable. Typically, the response variables are categorical, even if nothing precludes that they have a different nature. These models find application in many relevant fields, such as educational and health sciences, when the latent characteristics correspond, for instance, to a certain type of ability or to the quality-of-life. Important applications are also in the study of certain human behaviors which are relevant for social and economic research. The main feature that distinguishes latent Markov models from other models for longitudinal data is that the individual characteristics of interest, and their evolution in time, are represented by a latent process which follows a Markov chain. This implies that we are in the field of discrete latent variable models, where the latent variables may assume a finite number of values. Latent Markov models are then strongly related to the latent class model, which is an important tool for classifying a sample of subjects on the basis of a series of categorical response variables. The latter model is based on a discrete latent variable, the different values of which correspond to different subpopulations (named latent classes) having a common distribution about the response variables. The latent Markov model may be seen as an extension of the latent class model in which subjects are allowed to move between the latent classes during the period of observation"--
Procurement Quality Research. Case: Foster Wheeler Energia Oy
Context Classification using Audio Data for a Wearable Computer
Scrambling and the survive principle
Discrete hidden Markov models with application to isolated user-dependent hand gesture recognition
On the existence of extremal stationary distributions of Markov processes
Estimating the parameters of the Markov probability model from aggregate time series data
The Effects of Packaging in the Supply Chain
Improving the internal supply chain from a case company perspective
Improving internal software applications of buyers : case of Nokia Siemens Networks HWS buyers
The aim for this study was to increase delivery reliability in large machine or structure delivery projects. The subject is still almost completely unstudied. Pragmatically the aim was to collect problems that cause loss of time and resources and therefore decrease of quality, to see if there are good practices or solutions to these projects and to test them in actual projects to see if they actually work and to get some data or evaluations about the saved resources. It took a much longer time than planned to complete this study, but this was rather a good thing for the project. This way it gave time to gather more experience-based knowledge, to see various practices in various projects, and most of all, gave time to try out the small improvements that make the difference. The method of having experience-based knowledge and other studies side by side brought depth and a good comparison to this study even though the other studies were not exactly about this topic. It was rather astonishing to notice that though there are hundreds and thousands studies about JIT (just in time) factory improvements and supply chain management for manufacturing industry, very little interest was given to delivery projects. The interviews revealed that every entity in this branch of business worries about some of these issues every now and then, but nobody had never given it a systematical approach. Quite remarkable is that the problems and solutions are the same in several different kinds of delivery projects. It is also interesting is that these problems are not usually one-of-a-kind and good practices are at least known, but still unused. Even small changes can make significant savings to project.The solutions introduced in this study have been proven efficient and that by implementing even some of them in use, a fair amount of resources can be saved. Therefore the study can be considered to be a success. Most of the actions are implemented to practice and thus the results can be considered reliable. Yet, there are still a great deal of possibilities to continue to study this matter and to go deeper in details as this study is at the general level.
Prototype handling process in subcontracting projects
Development of purchasing parameters : Pernod Ricard Finland Oy
Process redesign in development of forest biomass supply for energy
Asymptotic properties of a TCP-model with time-outs
Conceptual framework for large-scale complex engineering-design & delivery processes : a case of enterprise SCM network activities and analysis
Stochastic modeling of scientific data
Supply Chain Performance Measurement : The integrated project of Shengda Market and Lijin Agricultural Base
Poverty dynamics according to direct, indirect and subjective measures : modelling Markovian processes in a discrete time and space with error
The Secret Recipe for Future Supply Chains – The Silent Voice of the Customer : Case: Freight Forwarding Company X
Comparison of Finnish and Russian students’ buying preferences in discount retail: Preliminary market research for Tokmanni
Stochastic processes
Bacterial-mediated terrestrial carbon in the foodweb of humic lakes
The aspect of mobility in the career paths of hotel managers of one hotel chain in Helsinki
Priority scheduling revisited - dominant rules, open protocols and integrated order management
Measuring Supply Chain Vulnerability : A Case Study
Markov Chain Monte Carlo estimation of stochastic volatility models with finite and infinite activity Lévy jumps : evidence for efficient models and algorithms
Developing the information flow of inbound logistics
Development of QA/QC Setup for NOR delivery projects
Perspectives on value creation and coopetition
Design of layout rearrangament of enterprise logistics based on the combination of slp and sha
Micro and macro data in statistical inference on Markov chains
Supply Chain Security Using RSA Algorithm
Delivery reliability : a study about delivery reliability in large machine or structure delivery projects
Migrating ship waste management from India to Finland : analysis of opportunities and risks in an industrial symbiosis of sustainable ship recycling
Four Seasons : the story of a business philosophy
Chain mail jewelry : contemporary designs from classic techniques
Logistics & supply chain management
Implementing supply chain strategy
Markov-switching vector autoregressions : modelling, statistical inference, and application to business cycle analysis
This book is an introduction to the modern approach to the theory of Markov chains. The main goal of this approach is to determine the rate of convergence of a Markov chain to the stationary distribution as a function of the size and geometry of the state space. The authors develop the key tools for estimating convergence times, including coupling, strong stationary times, and spectral methods. Whenever possible, probabilistic methods are emphasized. The book includes many examples and provides brief introductions to some central models of statistical mechanics. Also provided are accounts of random walks on networks, including hitting and cover times, and analyses of several methods of shuffling cards.
Customer acquisition and purchasing process : A case study at TTT Technology Corp.
The incredible payback : innovative sourcing solutions that deliver extraordinary results
Managing the supply chain : the definitive guide for the business professional
Change management in the internal supply chain
Classical loop-in-loop chains and their derivatives
Characterizations of uniform recurrence for general Markov chains
Diet and foraging of ringed seals in relation to helminth parasite assemblages
Logistics and supply chain integration
General irreducible Markov chains and non-negative operators
Development of operations planning (Borealis - a case study)
Improving the supply chain management for car spare parts
Examples in Markov decision processes
Marriott : the J. Willard Marriott story
Stakeholder relationship development plan
Purchasing Functions Analysis and Development
Stochastic models for life insurance mathematics
Bayesian inference for models based on point processes, by using Markov chain methods
The changes in the modern environment happen constantly. Individuals and organizations try to cope with the changes. The hotel industry has been showing good economical results globally and in Finland during the recent years, and therefore it is an attractive working environemnt.     The purpose of this qualitative research was to understand the role of mobility in the career paths of the hotel managers in Helsinki. The hotel managers of only one company were interviewed, therefore the results describe the situation in the company X.     The data for this research was collected through literature review, collecting the information about the case company through publicly availabe sources and through informant interview with the company's representative, and through conducting the interviews with eight hotel managers employed by the company X in the Helsinki region. The main research question was: What paths hotel managers of the chain X go through in their careers? Threesupporting research questions were set as well: What role career mobility plays in the career paths of the hotel managers? What types of career mobility are prevalent in the career paths of the hotel managers? What is affecting the individual's decision towards change in the career?    Findings of this study showed that career mobility in career of the hotel managers is represented by developing universal skills, loving own job and networking. Career mobility is rather percieved positively by the hotel managers. The types that are prevalent in the career paths of the hotel managers are physical and pshycological mobility, vertical mobility, moving across the hotel functions and moving across industries. The main affect on the changes in the career have organizational intent and willingness to learn and improve oneself.     It is an interesting topic for the future professionals who are planning to work in Finland in the hotel field as well as for professionals already working in the industry. They can learn from the results of the research that mobility plays an important role in the career paths. Future professional can also see that universal skills acquired especially through experience in front office and food and beverage depatments of a hotel are helpful for the development of a career. Constant learning and imporving oneself are also essential characteristics of career path and should be considered by future professionals.
Dimension estimation and models
Gaussian Markov random fields : theory and applications
Introduction to operations research
Project management for information system development
Franchising & licensing : two powerful ways to grow your business in any economy
Supply chain management in the context of economic area : case study for the development of ICT branch in the city of Oulu
Retail supply chain : challenges and prospects
QRA models of farm-to-fork chains : some experiences from Finnish risk assessments
Abstract.
PROFITABILITY IMPROVEMENT FROM EFFICIENT SUPPLY CHAIN MANAGEMENT IN A PROJECT-BASED COMPANY
Market research: Outsourcing companies' indirect procurements to a third party (Company X Ltd.)
Latent Markov models for longitudinal data
Implementation of Itella mail Logistics System in Ghana Postal Services
Supply Manager’s Role Development In Industrial Supply Chain Process
A basic course in probability theory
Learning the structure of dynamic Bayesian networks from time series and steady state measurements
International hotel guide 1993
Research methodologies in supply chain management
Markov chains, MCMC methods and the equi-energy sampler
ERP : tools, techniques, and applications for integrating the supply chain
Limit theorems for Markov chains and stochastic properties of dynamical systems by quasi-compactness
CARGO AND INFORMATION FLOW BETWEEN PORT RELATED PARTIES
Developing a concept store model case study
Supply Chain Management in Fast Fashion
Company Diversification Strategies : The Case of BIS Group in London, UK
Automatic fMRI-guided MEG multidipole localization for visual responses
Markov chains and mixing times
Dynamic probabilistic systems. Volume 2, Semi-Markov and decision processes
Continuous-time Markov chains and applications : a singular perturbation approach
Statistical inference for Markov processes
Business-to-business customer survey and German market research : case company: Lehtosen Konepaja Oy
E-business logistics, visions, innovations and research : Elo - E-Business Logistics technology programme 2002-2005
Supply chain in tourism destinations : the case of Levi Resort in Finnish Lapland
Probability theory : basic concepts, limit theorems, random processes
Markov chains on metric spaces : invariant measures and asymptotic behaviour
Consignment stock in group trade : sales and delivery processes of Bayer Schering Pharma Oy
Chatelaines : utility to glorious extravagance
Essays on financial market volatility
Hidden Markov models : estimation and control
Abstract: The aim of supply chain management is the delivery and service chain optimization, cost reduction, increase in sales and enhanced customer service. In the Nordic countries, where the distances are long, it is normally necessary to maintain inventories. Another reason for inventories is often uncertainty. Inventories must be maintained as customers want fast shipping, but do not tell in advance when and how much they are going to buy different products. The supply chain management is a very practical activity. It is not solved by using statistical models, or by the IT systems. The most important part of the chain, are the people. The employees should, however, use mathematics and systems to help improve the efficiency of the supply chain.    The purpose of this work was to review old and define new purchasing parameters for Pernod Ricard Finland Oy and create a continuous process to define the parameters for the company by using mathematical and statistical methods. The goal of this research was to get better understanding of planning fluctuations and improve and define the planning parameters with fact based knowledge.    An action research study was carried out during autumn 2012 and spring 2013. This work initially examined the various theories to improve purchasing parameters, in particular the management of the safety stocks, and determined what kind of planning method should be used for planning various types of products in order to generate the best possible forecast with right information to suppliers and other parties.    Based on the theory new parameters for the purchase of Pernod Ricard Finland Oy were defined for certain products, implemented into system and the results were analyzed after few months. As the results of the research trial were promising the final result of the project was a new process and guidelines on how the purchasing parameters will be defined in the company.
Pret a manger : food on the move
Introduction to Markov chains : with special emphasis on rapid mixing
Best practices and critical success factors - how to find and recognise  them?
Markov chains : with stationary transition probabilities
Linear statistical inference : proceedings of the international conference held at Poznań, Poland, June 4-8, 1984
Classic chain mail jewelry
Based on more than 10 years of practical experience in the field of supply chain management, Oliver Münch indicates that in favor of sustainability within the supply chain the paradox purchasing savings can and should be substituted with the approach of the First-Time-Right Procurement. This dissertation subjects the monetary measurement of purchasing savings to a critical examination and questions whether it still applies. It indicates that monetary purchasing savings exert a negative impact on sustainable company success. In order to achieve a long-term sustainable success, it is proposed that the monetary measurement of purchasing savings can be replaced by measuring process times within the procurement organization.
Probability theory : basic concepts : limit theorems : random processes
Improving Order Fulfillment in an SME e-Commerce Company
Markov chains : theory and applications
Public-private partnership investments in dry ports : Russian logistics markets and risks
Vendor Managed Inventory : Case Wärtsilä Industrial Operations
Improvement of Environmental Stone Business  : Case: K-Rautapohja Oy
This thesis studies suppliers' problems of meeting the technical requirements of hatch cover drive chains. The chains have technical requirements for corrosion resistance, elongation tolerances, surface hardness, breaking load limit and the surface wear resistance of the coating. The main problem with the chain suppliers has been to manufacture a hot-dip galvanized chain that can match the requirements given for elongation and breaking load limits. Hot-dip galvanization, mechanical galvanization processes as well as the manufacturing process of the chain were studied in the theory part of this thesis. Also the requirements were considered to see if they have been set too high. Three different types of chains were compared in the practical part of this thesis. One of these is a hot-dip galvanized chain currently in use, one is a hot-dip galvanized chain from a new chain supplier and one is a mechanically galvanized chain. The elongation and breaking load of the chains were tested using a universal testing machine. The elongation was tested by setting different forces and measuring the elongation. The breaking load limit was tested with the same test machine by stretching the chain until it breaks. A Rockwell testing method and testing device was used for measuring the surface hardness. The surface wear resistance and corrosion resistance were tested by first driving the chain in a testing machine which causes friction to the chain and thus wears the coating. The corrosion resistance properties were tested after the surface wear test by a salt spray test. The surface wear is seen by corrosion in the parts of the chain where the coating has been worn. The result of the tests was that both of the hot-dip galvanized chains met all the re-evaluated requirements while the mechanically galvanized chain lacked the properties for surface wear resistance.
Understanding Markov chains : examples and applications
Organic supply chains for small farmer income generation in developing countries : case studies in India, Thailand, Brazil, Hungary and Africa
International performance of emerging market firms : marketing and supply chain capabilities and host country institutions
Computational techniques for haplotype inference and for local alignment significance
