http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15162 climate policy
climate policy
Climate policy assessment : Asia-Pacific integrated modeling
The challenge of sustainability in the politics of climate change : Finnish perspective on the clean development mechanism
Russia and the politics of international environmental regimes : environmental encounters or foreign policy?
Renewable energy and climate policies : studies in the forest and energy sector
Towards a sustainable well-being society : building blocks for a new socio-economic model
In 2013, the Nordic Ministers for the Environment decided to strenghten the measurement of green estimates of welfare and socio-economic developments. The report Making the Environment Count is describing how statistics on the environment and the economy thorugh the System of Environmental-Economic Accounts can be used to enable cross-sectorial analysis. The report proposes indicators that can be compiled annually in a Nordic context through existing statistics linking economic statistics to environmental statistics
Government foresight report on long-term climate and energy policy : towards a low-carbon Finland
Criteria and methods to integrate equity, efficiency and effectiveness in EU and global climate policy : report on a DG XII Workshop Brussels, 18-19 May 1998.
New governance in context : evaluating the EU biofuels regime
Networks in contention : the divisive politics of climate change
American heat : ethical problems with the United States' response to global warming
Toward a morality of moderation : report for the Dutch national research programme on global air pollution and climate change
The effects of the climate and energy policy of the EU on Finland and on Catalonia
A responsible developing country : the People's Republic of China's climate change foreign policy and national image building
Foreclosing the future : the World Bank and the politics of environmental destruction
The danish green certificate system : some simple analytical results
Living with climate change : how communities are surviving and thriving in a changing climate
Executive summary (s. 1-10).
The EU, the US and global climate governance
Mainstreaming climate change in development cooperation : theory, practice and implications for the European Union
The book provides a detailed analysis of the development of adaptive governance in Russia and Finland. It presents a case study from the Sakha Republic in Russia that focuses on community's participation in the process of governing of the flood events in the Tatta River area. Local adaptive practices are analyzed in relation to federal and regional responses that may mandate, encourage or collide with community's agency. A second case study is centered on the Finnish community of Kuttura, Ivalo. It explores the mounting challenges presented by changing environmental conditions to traditional reindeer herding, as well as the efforts made to cope with these new factors. Combining anthropological research and political science, this penetrating work offers revealing scrutiny of governmental responses to one of the most urgent issues facing both politicians and the citizens who live in their domains.
Handbook of climate change and India : development, politics and governance
Controlling climate change
EU climate policy : industry, policy interaction, and external environment
Climate policy and nonrenewable resources : the green paradox an beyond
The role of Finland in global climate policy
Distributional choices in EU climate change law and policy : towards a principled approach?
Bureaucratic politics at the national and international level : analysing the formulation of the Japanese mid-term greenhouse gas emission reduction target
Climate policy as a window of opportunity : Sweden and global climate change
It's been a hard day's night : Why making international environmental policy is so difficult. A case study of the UNFCCC Copenhagen summit
Survey on the use of climate scenarios and climate change research information in decision making in Finland, Sweden, and Norway : report for the project Climate change adaptation in Norway, Sweden, and Finland - do research, policy and practice meet? (CARePol) : report on results of questionnaire 2: Decision makers
Procedural justice in the United Nations framework convention on climate change : negotiating fairness
Adaptation policy frameworks for climate change : developing strategies, policies and measures
Action against climate change : the Kyoto protocol and beyond
Economic evaluation of quantitative objectives for climate change : coherence, Belgium
Post-Kyoto international climate policy : implementing architectures for agreement : research from the Harvard Project on International Climate Agreements
Climate change politics in the Northern Dimension of the European Union
No development without addressing climate change : intersections between climate and development policies
The politics of climate change negotiations : strategies and variables in prolonged international negotiations
This discussion paper is an attempt to lay out a path toward a more sustainable society. It introduces several principles of sustainable well-being that meet the key sustainability challenges of advanced societies. Taken together, these principles form a vision of a sustainable well-being society.In addition, the paper analyzes the changing role of government in the transition towards sustainability. --Publisher's description.
Sectoral approaches in electricity : building bridges to a safe climate
Ozone diplomacy : new directions in safeguarding the planet
Copenhagen and Beyond  : An Assessment Based on Three Different Approaches to a Post-2012 Climate Framework
Towards a new climate regime? : views of China, India, Japan, Russia and The United States on the road to Copenhagen
Report of the fifth session of the Sub-Committee on Aquaculture, Phuket, Thailand, 27 September - 1 October 2010 = Rapport de la cinquième session du Sous-comité de l'aquaculture, Phuket, Thaïlande, 27 septembre -1er octobre 2010 = Informe de la quinta reunión del Subcomité de Acuicultura, Phuket, Tailandia, 27 de septiembre - 1.o de octubre de 2010
Land use in climate policy : forest based options at local level with cases from India
The rise and fall of the Kyoto Protocol : climate change as a political process
Evaluating environment in international development
Eco-republic : what the ancients can teach us about ethics, virtue, and sustainable living
Cases in environmental politics : stakeholders, interests, and policymaking
The climate policy of the Arctic Council
Climate change : a very short introduction
New security frontiers : critical energy and the resource challenge
Climate Change and the Northern Dimension : an analysis of vulnerability and adaptation policy in Finland, Sweden and Norway
Climate confusion : how global warming hysteria leads to bad science, pandering politicians and misguided policies that hurt the poor
Climate-change policy
Modeling energy and climate policy in the Finnish forest sector
Towards a new climate regime? : the key players gearing up for Copenhagen
Energy infrastructure and policy options for a sustainable future : proceedings of the summer Academies 'Energy and the Environment' Amsterdam, 20-24 July 2009, Greifswald and Berlin, 18-31 July 2010
Trends and projections in Europe 2015 : tracking progress towards Europe's climate and energy targets
Finnish energy policy trends 1995-2013 : a policy orientation towards the low carbon future?
Addressing climate change in Canada : "(un)cooperative federalism"?
How to reform the UN climate negotiations? : perspectives from the past, present and neighbour negotiations
Urban gardening and civic cultivation : the environmental organization Dodo promoting the urban gardening practice
Clean air for Europe's cities : the ambient air quality framework directive
Carbon capture, storage and use : technical, economic, environmental and societal perspectives
Studies in climate change policy : theory and experiments
Since it first appeared, this book has achieved a classic status. Reprinted many times since its publication, it remains the only work that looks in detail at the political issues posed by global warming. This new edition has been thoroughly updated and provides a state-of-the-art discussion of the most formidable challenge humanity faces this century. If climate change goes unchecked, the consequences are likely to be catastrophic for human life on earth. Yet for most people and for many policy-makers too, it tends to be a back-of-the-mind issue. We recognize its importance and even its urgency, but for the most part it is swamped by more immediate concerns. Political action and intervention on local, national and international levels are going to have a decisive effect on whether or not we can limit global warming as well as how we adapt to that already occurring. However, at the moment, argues Giddens, we do not have a systematic politics of climate change. Politics-as-usual won't allow us to deal with the problems we face, while the recipes of the main challenger to orthodox politics, the green movement, are flawed at source. Giddens introduces a range of new concepts and proposals to fill in the gap, and examines in depth the connections between climate change and energy security.
The Kyoto protocol : international climate policy for the 21st century
"Frames forestry activities within climate-change policy context. Analyzes the operation and efficacy of market-based mechanisms for forest conservation and climate change. Explores voluntary schemes for carbon crediting, provides an overview of carbon accounting best practices, and presents tools for future sequestration and offset programs. Concludes with options for slowing deforestation"--Provided by publisher.
Adapting to an uncertain climate : lessons from practice
"Language Disabilities in Cultural and Linguistic Diversity" takes a critical perspective on traditional bio-cognitive-social approaches to language disabilities - specific language impairment, communication difficulties, dyslexia and deafness. A socio-cultural approach orientates a reinterpretation of research, educational practices and policies in assessment, teaching and intervention. A Vygotskian framework affords repositioning of assessment, learning and development for language disabilities as they are influenced and shaped by experiences of multilingualism, culture, ethnicity and race. The author, rather than present definitive answers, aims to offer new analyses and extend current understanding of linguistic phenomena fraught by dilemmas of disentangling diversity and disability. The volume serves as a source of reflection and inquiry for students, professionals and policy makers in education and health who are interested in disability and language disabilities in multilingual and multicultural contexts.
Why the EU fails : Learning from past experiences to succeed better next time
United States climate change policy : assessing the avenues for greenhouse gas reductions under the Obama Administration
Rough guide to climate change
Climate variability, predictability and climate risks : a european perspective
Rethinking the green state : environmental governance towards climate and sustainability transitions
Combating climate change : the EU leads the way
Evaluating adaptation and the production development of Finnish agriculture in climate and global change
Global environmental risk on the international interface of power and knowledge : boundary-ordering devices between the IPCC, the US and the EU as derived from their science-based climate change policy discourses
Risks, costs and equity : modelling efficient strategies for climate and energy policy
Economics and management of climate change : risks, mitigation and adaptation
Political discourse and climate change : the challenge of reconciling scale of impact with level of governance
Climate change in the 21st century
Forest governance and climate change adaptation : case studies of four African countries
Evaluation of the implementation of Finland's National Strategy for Adaptation to Climate Change 2009.
General theoretical framework of the SARD-Climate project
Making the climate count : climate policy integration and coherence in Finland
The coalition of industrialists and environmentalists in the climate change issue
Can the EU budget support climate policy in Central and Eastern Europe?
Climate change and forests : emerging policy and market opportunities
Sectoral agreements and competitive distortions : a Swedish perspective
Act locally, trade globally : emissions trading for climate policy
A changing Arctic climate : science and policy in the Arctic climate impact assessment
Strategic assessment of development of the Arctic : assessment conducted for the European Union
Summary (s. v).
Pollution from fossil fuels and degraded natural lands are raising the earth's temperature. The evidence of the causes of global warming is clear, as are its consequences. The economic impacts of climate change are already apparent and they threaten development gains. Extreme weather events have brought severe droughts to Central Asia, heat waves and forest fires to Russia, and floods to Southeastern Europe. Unchecked emissions will come at rising economic cost and increasing risk to individuals. There is a clear case for all of the world's economies to move to a low-carbon growth path. Yet, climate action has been inadequate, especially in Eastern Europe and Central Asia (ECA). With prospects of a global climate agreement uncertain, this report identifies the actions that governments in the region can take to reduce the carbon footprints of their economies. It shows that many of these actions will more than pay for themselves--and quite quickly when indirect benefits such as better health and increased competitiveness are considered. To realize these benefits, policy makers in ECA need to quickly move on three sets of priorities: use energy much more efficiently, gradually move to cleaner energy sources, and increase carbon capture in soils and forests. This will require transformations in power generation, industrial production, mobility, city living, and in farming and forestry. Policy makers are justifiably worried that climate action may jeopardize economic performance and strain the budgets of poorer families. The report shows how well-designed growth and social policies can make climate action growth-enhancing while protecting the living standards of less-well-off households.
Climate change, ozone depletion and air pollution : legal commentaries within the context of science and policy
Barriers to joint implementation projects in Russia : lessons learnt from the activities implemented jointly pilot phase
Low carbon life
Ghosts of crises past : comparing Japanese policy effectiveness in the 1970s oil crises and contemporary climate change
Growing green : the economic benefits of climate action
Climate change and American foreign policy
Governing the climate : new approaches to rationality, power and politics
Locally, renewably, efficiently : climate and energy programme of North Karelia 2020 : a summary
Preventing carbon leakage with consumption-based emission policies?
The cultures of markets : the political economy of climate governance
"Comprehensive examination of the economic, social, and political context of climate policy in industrialized and developing nations. Calls for a multilateral approach that goes beyond the mitigation-focused Kyoto policies and stresses the importance of generating policies that work within a time frame commensurate with that of climate change itself"--Provided by publisher.
The Kyoto Protocol and beyond : legal and policy challenges of climate change
Future climate change : volume 3, politics and solutions
Carbon sinks and climate change : forests in the fight against global warming
Mitigating climate change : the role of developing countries
Redeeming REDD : policies, incentives, and social feasibility in avoided deforestation
The global water crisis : a reference handbook
Saving Kyoto : an insider's guide to how it works, why it matters and what it means for the future
Rapid climate change : causes, consequences, and solutions
Linking an EU emission reduction target beyond 20 % to energy security in Central and Eastern Europe
Promotion of equity and the enhancement of the climate change mitigation : practical, moral and legal considerations
"This book offers the most up-to-date examination of climate change's foundational science, implications for our future, and clean energy solutions that can mitigate its effects. It offers authoritative answers to the topic's most vexing questions: how will climate change impact you and your family in the coming decades? What are the future implications for owners of coastal property? Should you plan on retiring in South Florida or the U.S. Southwest or Southern Europe? Does carbon dioxide at exposure levels expected this century affect human health or cognition? What impact will climate change have on investments and the global economy?"--Page 4 of cover.
Stakeholders' perspectives on climate change policies : report on a workshop held in Brussels, 27 February 1998
What is worthy in climate politics? : justifying moral claims in the french media and civil society
Sectoral EU-trading and other climate policy options : impacts on the Swedish economy
TEK & UIL : engineering associations' national climate plan for Finland
Building a regime for climate protection : Finland and international climate policy
Field notes from a catastrophe : a frontline report on climate change
Russian climate politics : when science meets policy
Zero-carbon energy Kyoto 2010 : proceedings of the second international symposium of global COE program "Energy science  in the age of global warming - toward CO2 zero-emission energy system"
Analysis of regional climate strategies in the Barents region
Environmental management report : trends and best practice in climate change
Ethics and climate change : a study of national commitments
The benefits of climate change policies : analytical and framework issues
Low carbon development : key issues
This changes everything : capitalism vs. the climate
Agricultural product prices and policies influence the development of crop yields under climate change through farm level management decisions. On this basis, five main scenarios were specified for agricultural commodity prices and crop yields. An economic agricultural sector model was used in order to assess the impacts of the scenarios on production, land use and farm income in Finland. The results suggest that falling crop yields, if realized due to low prices and restrictive policies, will result in decreasing crop and livestock production and increasing nutrient surplus. Slowly increasing crop yields could stabilise production and increase farm income. Significantly higher crop prices and yields are required, however, for any marked increase in production in Finland. Cereals production would increase relatively more than livestock production, if there were high prices for agricultural products. This is explained by abundant land resources, a high opportunity cost of labour and policies maintaining current dairy and beef production.
Executive summary (s. 11-18).
Getting ready! : a study of national governance structures for REDD+
With great power comes great responsibility? : China and the international practice of climate responsibility
The securitisation of climate change : actors, processes and consequences
Towards a global climate regime : priority areas for a coherent EU strategy
Climate for change : non-state actors and the global politics of the greenhouse
Valuing climate change mitigation : applying stated preferences in the presence of uncertainty
Making trade-offs in the greenhouse : relative price changes, non-CO2 greenhouse gases and tropical deforestation in climate policy
Environmental pricing : studies in policy choices and interactions
Future climate change : volume 4, critical concepts in the environment
Promoting human rights in the future climate regime
Global environmental politics : from person to planet
Mind, society and behavior
Living with climate variability and change : understanding the uncertainities and managing the risk, Espoo, Finland, 17-21 July 2006 : abstracts
Governing the uncertain : adaptation and climate in Russia and Finland
The Lomborg deception : setting the record straight about global warming
The international development agenda and the climate change challenge : policy note
Global warming and social innovation : the challenge of a climate-neutral society
State of the world 2009 : confronting climate change : a Worldwatch Institute report on progress toward a sustainable society
The politics of climate change
Climate change and European leadership : a sustainable role for Europe?
Perspectives on climate change: Science, economics, politics, ethics
Governable air : studies on the science and politics of air pollution in Europe
Addressing climate vulnerability : promoting the participatory rights of indigenous peoples and women through Finnish foreign policy
Abstract.
Patterns of aquatic macrophytes in the boreal region : implications for spatial scale issues and ecological assessment
Confronting climate change
Climate change - what is it all about? : an introduction for young people
Climate policy integration, coherence and governance
Essentials of organizational behavior
Allowance allocation and CO2 intensities in the EU energy sectors
Europe adapts to climate change : comparing national adaptation strategies
Our choice : how we can solve the climate crisis
Climate change in world politics
Climate governance in the developing world
ICLEI European Membership Convention : more than hot air : local action on climate change : journey report
National emissions trading : interim report of the Finnish Committee on the Kyoto mechanisms
Adaptation and mitigation strategies for climate change
Obama and the empire
Emissions mitigation in New Zealand dairy farming : a delphi study
Implementing the climate regime : international compliance
Climate change science and policy
Patterns of aquatic macrophytes in the boreal region: implications for spatial scale issues and ecological assessment
Low carbon communities : imaginative approaches to combating climate change locally
"An unbiased and comprehensive overview, based on the findings of the IPCC (Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change). Using no jargon, it looks at tackling and adapting to man-made climate change, and works through the often confusing potential solutions. Bert Metz is the former co-chair of the IPCC, at the center of international climate change negotiations. His insider expertise provides a cutting edge assessment of issues at the top of the political agenda. He leads the reader succinctly through ambitious mitigation scenarios, in combination with adapting our future societies to different climate conditions and the potential costs of these measures. Illustrations and extensive boxed examples motivate students to engage with this essential global debate, and questions for each chapter are available online for course instructors. Minimal technical language also makes this book valuable to anyone with an interest in action to combat climate change"--Provided by publisher.
"This is the first comprehensive textbook to address the interface between international development and climate change in a carbon constrained world. It discusses the key conceptual, empirical and policy-related issues of low carbon development, taking an international and interdisciplinary approach to the subject by drawing on insights from across the sciences and social sciences whilst embedding the discussion in a global context. Written by an international team of leading academics and practitioners in low carbon development, this book is essential reading for students, academics, professionals and policy-makers interested in low carbon development and climate change policy"--
An inconvenient truth : a global warning
Global warming and the Bible : the global warming policies of American evangelical Christians and Albert Gore Jr
Climate action
Global climate policies, local institutions and food security in a pastoral society in Ethiopia
A new role for forests and the forest sector in the EU post-2020 climate targets
Executive summary (s. 15-21).
Managing blue gold : new perspectives on water security in the Levantine Middle East
Just climate? : politics of climate change and cnvironmental justice
When green growth is not enough : climate change, ecological modernization, and sufficiency
This book focuses on the rationalities and practices by which a carbon-constrained world is represented, categorized and ordered. The book will enable investigations into a range of sites (e.g., the body, home, shopping centre, firm, city, forests, streets, international bureaucracies, financial flows, migrants and refugees) where subjectivities around climate change and carbon are formed and contested. Despite a growing interest in this area of work, the field remains fragmented and diffuse.
This thoughtful book explores the scope of environmental pricing and examines a variety of national experiences in environmental policy integration to identify the most effective use of taxation and policy for environmental sustainability.
Comparative perspectives on rural development and policy challenges in Sogn og Fjordane
This book explores the establishment of emissions trading as a form of environmental, market-based governance. It conceptualizes markets as institutions, and analyzes them as a system of climate governance. To this end, it argues that international efforts to promulgate markets run up against local cultures of markets that shape economic practices and knowledge to different degrees. The book also examines the material implications of emissions markets on the environment and climatic systems. In sum, the study finds that cultures of markets present a substantial challenge to a universalist prescription for resolving climate change and highlights issues at the interface of political and economic governance in different political economies. This includes issues of citizen, state, and industry participation, and the materiality of economic and financial productivity.
Climate change : what everyone needs to know
Transnational climate change governance
Bridge over troubled waters : linking climate change and development
Comparison of wood based energy related policies in Russia and Finland : case study of the Republic of Karelia and North Karelia
Fairness in adaptation to climate change
World at risk
The economics of climate change mitigation : policies and options for global action beyond 2012
Making the environment count : Nordic accounts and indicators for analysing and integrating environment and economy
Just Climate? : Politics of Climate Change and Environmental Justice
Adaptation of transport to climate change in Europe : challenges and options across transport modes and stakeholders
Assessing climate change : temperatures, solar radiation, and heat balance
