http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1519 senators
senators
The Taft story
Power games
Faith of my fathers : a family memoir
The Kaiser's senator : Robert M. La Follette's alleged disloyalty during World War I
Princes and Political Cultures: The New Tiberian Senatorial Decrees provides incisive discussion of the Tabula Siarensis and the senatus consultum de Cn. Pisone patre. It will be of value to students of the history of the early empire, its ideology, and its changing political institutions. Those interested in Tacitus, Ovid, and Velleius Paterculus will also find this book useful.
The terrorists
New men in the Roman senate 139 B. C. - A. D. 14
This book examines the connection between political and religious power in the pagan Roman Empire through a study of senatorial religion. Presenting a new collection of historical, epigraphic, prosopographic and material evidence, it argues that as Augustus turned to religion to legitimize his powers, senators in turn also came to negotiate their own power, as well as that of the emperor, partly in religious terms. In Rome, the body of the senate and priesthoods helped to maintain the religious power of the senate; across the Empire senators defined their magisterial powers by following the model of emperors and by relying on the piety of sacrifice and benefactions. The ongoing participation and innovations of senators confirm the deep ability of imperial religion to engage the normative, symbolic and imaginative aspects of religious life among senators.
Election law guidebook : summary of Federal and State laws regulating the nomination and election of United States Senators
Last snow
James Madison : father of the constitution : 1787-1800
Choosing to lead : understanding Congressional foreign policy entrepreneurs
La Follette's autobiography : a personal narrative of political experiences
Eagle : the making of an Asian-American president
The religion of senators in the Roman empire : power and the beyond
Vettius Agorius Praetextatus : a senatorial life in between
Senate ethics manual
Imperatores Severi et senatores : the history of the Imperial personnel policy
With malice
The audacity of hope : thoughts on reclaiming the American dream
Barry Goldwater : portrait of an Arizonan
The senator : my ten years with Ted Kennedy
New men in the Roman senate 139 B.C. - A.D. 14
The double
The audacity of hope : thoughts on reclaiming the American Dream
Barack Obama's speech on race : "A more perfect union"
Goslicius' ideal senator and his cultural impact over the centuries : Shakespearean reflections
Sweetheart
Deception point
Septimius Severus et senatores : Septimius Severus' personal policy towards senators in the light of prosopographic research (193-211 A.D.)
Princes and political cultures : the new Tiberian senatorial decrees
RFK : A candid biography of Bobby Kennedy
The audacity of hope : thoughts on reclaiming the american dream
Bronson M. Cutting : progressive politician
Lions for lambs
Hopes and dreams  : the story of Barack Obama
Barack Obama : what he believes in from his own works
The House : the history of the House of Representatives
