http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15106 Valentinianism
Valentinianism
Beyond Gnosticism : myth, lifestyle, and society in the school of Valentinus
The aim of this study is to compare philosophical and exegetical traditions in the writings of Philo of Alexandria and in the Valentinian sources. Although Valentinus's fragments contain some Philonic themes, the closest parallels with Philo come from section C (chapters 43.2-65) in the Excerpts from Theodotus by Clement of Alexandria, which parallels teachings of Ptolemy's disciples attested in Irenaeus Valentinian account in Iren. Haer. 1.1-7. I will argue in this study that Valentinian theology in these sources cannot be properly understood without recourse to Philo's inventions in the allegorical exegesis of the Book of Genesis. On the one hand, the Valentinians elaborated the allegories attested to in Philo's writings in the light of the myth of Sophia. On the other hand, the Valentinian theologians reformed the preceding Gnostic myth in the light of teachings that they found in Philo's writings. The Valentinian protological model system developed on the grounds of a Platonizing interpretation of the prologue of the Gospel of John. The Valentinian teachers twisted the semantic and logical structure of the prologue of John's gospel in a way which indicates that they also knew some of Philo's protological innovations. In the Valentinian accounts, Wisdom has manifold associations, which are related to the dyadic and monadic aspects of the divine world. These associations are found in an initial stage in Philo's texts. Philo and Valentinians were also dependent on the ancient theory of diakrisis according to which cosmic matter was divided into four cosmic elements. Taking into account all these protological and cosmological parallels, it is reasonable to suggest that the Valentinian teachers were working in the allegorical tradition in which many of Philo's interpretations were adopted, rejected and reformed. In anthropology, Philo and Valentinian teachers were dependent on the Middle Platonic anthropological theories, which formed the philosophical background for the allegorical interpretations of Gen. 1:26-27 and Gen. 2:7. The closest parallels with Philo are found in the anthropological interpretations of Genesis, which form the basis for soteriology and ethics. The allegory of Israel and the allegory of Cain, Abel and Seth attested in the Valentinian sources were derived from Philo's works. On the grounds of this study, it is reasonable to suggest that there was a historical relationship between Philo and the Valentinians. The relation was restricted, however, to one group of Valentinians whose teachings go back to the school of Ptolemy in Alexandria and Rome. This study shows that it is probable that some Valentinian teachers belonged to the circle of Alexandrian Christian Platonists who saw Philo's works as valuable and preserved them after the revolt, that is, before they became the property of the Alexandrian Catechetical School at the end of the second century.
Philo and the Valentinians : protology, cosmogony, and anthropology
Christian identity in the Gospel of Philip
What is Gnosticism?
The spiritual seed : the church of the 'Valentinians'
Rethinking the Gospel of Truth : a study of its eastern Valentinian setting
The school of Valentinus
Valentinian ethics and paraenetic discourse : determining the social function of moral exhortation in Valentinian Christianity
Gnostic morality revisited
The gnostic gospels
Ancient Gnosticism : traditions and literature
