http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15141 content management
content management
Designing solutions for Microsoft® SharePoint® 2010 : making the right architecture and implementation decisions
Building Websites with Joomla! : a step by step tutorial to getting your Joomla! : CMS website up fast
IP network management : final report of the IPMAN-project
Special edition using Microsoft Office 2007
Abstract.
Custom SharePoint Solutions with HTML and JavaScript shows you how to build and customize SharePoint solutions to suit a wide range of business needs. You don't need a background in Microsoft technologies; you’ll learn how to rapidly build and customize sites entirely on the front end, starting with out-of-the-box features and extending them with HTML and JavaScript code. The book starts with an introduction to working with SharePoint on the front end, and how this can help you avoid common pitfalls associated with deploying custom code on the server. You’ll start by using SharePoint’s browser-based tools to place and manipulate out-of-the-box web parts on a page. Then learn to inject some simple HTML and JavaScript to manipulate these web parts, and use JSLink to rapidly style and manipulate data in the List web part. You'll also see examples of how to build your own custom web parts using HTML, JavaScript and CSS. For those who want to dive deeper into JavaScript on SharePoint, chapters cover working directly with built-in JavaScript methods and properties and the JavaScript object model (JSOM), and how to work with the powerful new REST API, which gives you the ultimate flexibility over what you do with your data. Whatever your background, whether it's web development, working with SharePoint on the server side, or if you're a SharePoint user looking to learn new skills, Custom SharePoint Solutions with HTML and JavaScript will show you how to get what you want from SharePoint, quickly and reliably.
WordPress® 24-hour trainer
Information architecture for the Web and beyond
Beginning PHP6, Apache, MySQL® Web Development
Joomla! for dummies
Joomla! : a user's guide : building a successful Joomla! powered Website
Content management system for a personally driven website
Redesigning the web presence of an organization
Abstract: Efficient content management with CM Synergy.
Content management system implementation efficiency and value
Joomla! Mobile development beginner's guide : build Joomla! websites for mobile devices
Utilizing content management system in the website production fo a corporation
Sharepoint  2010 for dummies
Utilizing Joomla framework and extension development
Microsoft SharePoint 2010 for dummies
Learning Drupal 8 : create complex websites quickly and easily using the building blocks of Drupal 8, the most powerful version of Drupal yet
Best practices for cost effective web design
Knowledge organization and classification in international information retrieval
Scripting intelligence : Web 3.0 information gathering and processing
MODx web development : build dynamix websites with MODx PHP application framework and CSM
The use of Content management systems by businesses, individuals, corporate and non-governmental organisations are recognized in the business and technology industries. Developers and companies are realising the advantages in the concept of free development environment for Web contents.     Content Management systems have made content publishing on the internet fast and easy. Companies want to reach out to their customers, sell their products and expertise, maximize profits and increase efficiency. All these are great advantages provided by content management systems applications.     Open source content management gives opportunities for develpoers to utilize and practise their knowledge. It also allow developers to contribute to the contribute to growing applications on the internet.     This thesis focuses on researching and examining how to build different web applica-tions with desired functionalities using both Drupal and Joomla. It contains Web ap-plications introduction, interviews and questionnaires from Drupal and Joomla experts, Definitions and argument about content management systems and Open source con-tent management systems, Drupal and Joomla analysis and guides, Sample applications to support the research, and application testing which confirm that content manage-ment applications provides functionalities that are seen in applications developed with HTML editors.     In conclusion, it can be inferred from the research and analysis of the result that Drupal and Joomla Web applications which are content management systems are secure, reliable, flexible and cost effective.
Developing an internet site with an open source CMS = [Internet-sivuston luominen vapaan lähdekoodin CMS-sovelluksella]
User guidance of eventus content manager
Towards a semantic web : connecting knowledge in academic research
WordPress® in depth
Abstract: Content Management System for Personally Driven Web Site. The goal of the project was to develop a simple content management system that could be easily used both as a standalone web application and as a part of a more complex system. The application was supposed to consist of several key modules: commentary engine, search engine, navigation system and authentication system. To create a content management system the implementations of the most common design patterns provided by PHP Zend Framework were used. The application was developed and tested on Ubuntu Linux with Apache web server and MySQL database server. The final version of the project represented a content management system with a navigation system based on item categorization. The application consisted of multiple classes: the ones provided by Zend Framework and the ones created to fulfill application-specific requirements. The system extensively used the benefits of object oriented programming and the model-view-controller design pattern. The results of the project allowed making several conclusions. First, although it is faster to develop the application using the agile programming model, such a technique leads to less optimized code then, if the design of the application was supported by a unified modeling language. Second, object-oriented programming provides the application with a high level of reusability and also makes it possible to employ only certain parts of the software.
MediaWiki 1.1 beginner's guide : install, manage, and customize your own MediaWiki-based site
Seamless teamwork : using Microsoft SharePoint technologies to collaborate, innovate, and drive business in new ways
Learning Facebook application development : a step-by-step tutorial for creating custom Facebook applications using the Facebook platform and PHP
ECM-cloud as business opportunity : case Ixonos Online Solutions
Business and E-commerce in Drupal
Flash content management
Archiving in Elevation content management system
WordPress theme design : a complete guide to creating professional WordPress themes
Content strategy : connecting the dots between business, brand, and benefits
Joomla! 3 beginner's guide : a clear, hands-on guide to creating perfect content managed websites with the free Joomla! CMS
Information architecture : the design and integration of information spaces
Official Joomla!TM book
HTML, XHTML & CSS for dummies
Information architecture : blueprints for the Web
Beginning SharePoint 2010 development
WordPress web design for dummies
Models and approaches for developing reusable software in ASP .NET environment
Implementing an open source web content management system
DEVELOPING A MOBILE SITE USING KOODIVIIDAKKO CONTENT MANAGEMENT SYSTEM TOOL – SIVUVIIDAKKO
Open Source Pro : Joomla
Designing content management system for forum
Project Mus.Cat: a CMS open-source application
Planning and implementing electronic records management : a practical guide
Information architecture for information professionals
CMS website search engine optimization : case study: Europe-internship.com
The definitive guide to Plone : [all you need to build a full-features content management system]
Developing, Managing and Maintaining Web Applications with Content Management Systems: Drupal and Joomla as case study
G-Builder : the content management system
This bachelor thesis is about Website development and design. I have a chance to work with Mc kalla Oy. Mc kalla Oy is a construction company from Kempele which was founded 2011. They have projects in Central-Finland, through Northern Finland to Lapland. This thesis is to develop and design a new website to Mc kalla Oy. Wordpress is used to develop the new website. For the development process I use school server (.opiskelijaprojektit.net). The Thesis contains two main parts designing the website layout and implementing the design. With meeting with the commissioner, I had a good understanding of their expectation. They are expecting, a website easy to maintenance and update. The new website is easy to navigate and has enough information. The new website contains photo galleries, videos, PDF files and music. The new website is connected with companies Facebook page. As the result of this thesis,www.mckalla.fi is available for Mc Kalla Oy customers. The website is accessible for any device which has internet connection. The website manages to fulfill all the Mc kalla Oy’s expectations. From my discussion with the commissioner, the commissioner is satisfied with the result.
Developing and design a website for mc kalla oy
Pro Zend Framework techniques : build a full CMS project
Microsoft SharePoint foundation 2010: step by step
Beginning Drupal 8 teaches you how to build, maintain, and manage Drupal 8-based web sites. The book covers what Drupal is, using Drupal when building a new web site, installing and configuring Drupal, creating and managing content, managing users, adding functionality to your web site through Drupal modules, and advanced topics on using themes, panels, and views. The book also builds practical examples of common Drupal sites, such as a company website, a community website, and a commerce website, that you can take and expand on to create your own Drupal 8 sites. By reading this book, you will understand the power of the Drupal platform, and why you should be using Drupal if you're not already. Through following the samples in the book, you will quickly build your confidence and your ability to use Drupal. Beginning Drupal 8 gives you the knowledge necessary to build, deploy, and manage web sites on Drupal 8.
Abstract: Re-designing a Commercial Website.
Metadata fundamentals for all librarians
Expanding a digital content management system : for the growing digital media enterprise
Foundations of Joomla!
Server for a best sale application
The architecture of information : architecture, interaction design and the patterning of digital information
Big data : a revolution that will transform how we live, work, and think
Professional SharePoint(R) 2007 development
Developing quality metadata : building innovative tools and workflow solutions
Drupal 7 : create and operate any type of website quickly
Microsoft sharepoint server 2010 bible
Efficient content management with CM Synergy
A mapping service for company references
Custom SharePoint Solutions with HTML and JavaScript : for SharePoint 2013 and SharePoint online
Marketing an online content management system
Developing and design a website for Mc Kalla Oy
WordPress on demand
Developing software using the Joomla Model View Controller design pattern
Designing an effective website architecture
Flash XML applications : use AS2 and AS3 to create photo galleries, menus, and databases
Joomla! 3 explained : your step-by-step guide
Planning and managing Drupal projects
WordPress in depth
Creating learning content management system using ASP.NET
From genres to content analysis : experiences from four case organizations
Joomla! explained : your step-by-step guide
Developing a model for user authentication in ebusiness
WordPress plugin development : beginner's guide : build powerful, interactive plugins for your blog and to share online
Re-designing a commercial website
Towards content management with a dynamic style guide
A firm's choice from different content management systems (CMS) : case: Joomla and CMSmadeSimple
Understanding data and information systems for recordkeeping
This thesis describes the three most common and widely used content management systems (CMS) used to power several millions of business websites on the internet. Since there are many other content managements systems online, this report provides some helpful guides on each of the three most used systems and the web design projects that each of them maybe most suitable. There are plenty of options when it comes to selecting a content management system for a development project and this thesis focuses on making a detailed comparison between the three most commonly used ones. This comparison will help provide a clear understanding of why a content management system maybe preferred to the other when considering any web design project. To help detect the content management system (CMS) or development platform that an already existing website is built on, some helpful website analyzing tools are also discussed in this report. By reading this report, a reader with no previous experience with content management systems will be able to have a general view on what they are, what the commonly used ones are and what to consider when making a choice of content management system to use. Also a reader with some previous experience with these systems will be able to know the content management systems that are suitable for his/her business or professional goals.
SERVER FOR A BEST SALE APPLICATION
The official Joomla! book
Beginning SharePoint 2013 development
Web-base orientation to living and studying in Kokkola, Finland
Abstract: How to improve a Content Management System using ontology?.
Web content management system implementation using open source software
Big data : the essential guide to work, life and learning in the age of insight
Digital libraries : integrating content and systems
Data driven : profiting from your most important business asset
Developing a mobile site using Koodiviidakko content management system tool - Sivuviidakko
Development of an online real estate market
Google Docs 4 everyone
The usage of open source content management system Drupal in small and medium scale web applications
A practical guide to information architecture
Abstract:.
Drupal 8 theming with Twig
Contextual and structural metadata in enterprise document management
Semantics in business systems : the savvy manager's guide
Mambo : your visual blueprint for building and maintaining web sites with the Mambo open source CMS
Developing, managing and maintaining web applications with content management systems : Drupal and Joomla as case study
Beginning Joomla! : from novice to professional
How to improve a Content Management System using ontology?
Building a WordPress blog people want to read
WordPress® bible
Representation and management of narrative information : theoretical principles and implementation
Drupal for dummies
Usability comparison of open source content management systems
Content management : bridging the gap between theory and practice
Big data : a revolution that will transform how we live, work and think
WordPress for dummies
Content everywhere : strategy and structure for future-ready content
Development of a web-based exercise management system
The aim of this Master's thesis was to build a web server providing an Rest API endpoint which could be used to develop platform independent applications displaying online advertisement content for mobiles and tablets. Reducing wastage of paper, minimizing the cost of advertisement, improving the accessibility of the best discount offer for the end user/customer and maintaining the statistical data of online advertisements are some of the practical problems discussed in this thesis. To achieve that aim it was decided to develop a web service using J2EE with a Java programming language. A tomcat servlet container was used as the web server and MySQL database for storing the information. The advertisements information obtained from shop website as RSS content are polled, parsed and saved in database. This information is available for the application developer as Rest API endpoints pertaining to every shop categorized based on city. Although this project was an internal work during the Master's thesis project, the online advertisement concept still carries a significant potential for future upgrading and a wide utilization in the mobile market. The application and the thesis concept if realized will have overwhelming response from the shop and the end users.
Drupal 6 Panels cookbook : over 40 recipes  to harness the power of Panels for building attractive Drupal websites
ECM solutions : what you need to know. 1
Enterprise Content Management (ECM) : high-impact strategies, what you need to know: definitions, adoptions, impact, benefits, maturity, vendors
ECM technology : what you need to know. 2
