http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15140 appreciation
appreciation
All God's children : an introduction to pastoral work with children
"This book uses political philosophy to support an increase in public and socially interactive art projects in the everyday lives of Americans. This book will appeal to those who are interested in both the precursors to public and political participation, and in the power of art and creativity to transform, inspire, and empower. This book endeavors to add to the ongoing discussions regarding the foundations of democracy, engages in groundbreaking new ways the ideas of key political philosophers, and promotes public and interactive art as a way to invigorate our daily public experiences, and to engage people in their communities"--Provided by publisher.
The social values of Christianity in the area of politics and the contribution of the Interparliamentary Assembly on Orthodoxy (I.A.O.) for raising such values : essys
Museums and truth
Appreciation of vocational education : comparative study of the vocational post-secondary education systems of Finland, Ontario and Quebec
How to talk so kids will listen & listen so kids will talk
How macroeconomic factors affect exchange rates : Case: The Euro versus the US Dollar
Self-care of the home-dwelling elderly people living in Slovenia
The gentrification reader
Dimensions of dignity at work
"Ecosystem services are hot, and they have been hot for a while. In 1998, Costanza et al. published their famous article about the societal value produced by ecosystems through ecosystem service delivery, an article which at the time this introduction was written was cited more than 10,000 times. In 2005, the Millennium Ecosystem Assessment (MEA) framed the need to protect biodiversity and the world's ecosystems in terms of ecosystem services (MA 2005)"--
The mixed-up chameleon
PE teachers' job satisfaction, turnover, and intention to stay or leave the profession
Displays of the everyday : relations between gender and the visibility of domestic work in the modern Finnish kitchen from the 1930s to the 1950s
Bad music : the music we love to hate
Driving with an exclamation mark : BMW owners in pursuit of prestige
The images of occupational prestige
The form of the utility function in SMAA-2
Theorizing imitation in visual arts : global contexts
All I am asking is for a little respect : nurses 패experiences of their respect in hospital organization
The Globalisation of school choice?
Occupational prestige in comparative perspective
Dignity : its history and meaning
The wizard the ugly and the book of shame
An African princess
When we feel that we aren't enough, or that we aren't good enough, we also fear that we'll never have enough. Money. We love it. We hate it. If we don't have enough, we're struggling to get more. If we do have it, we're fighting to hold on to it. Why does money have to be such a source of anxiety? Is it possible to find a balance? Yes! According to integrative life coach Nancy Levin, the real key to creating financial freedom isn't changing what we do, it's changing how we feel--and that requires more than just learning how to invest. In Worthy, Nancy makes an essential, eye-opening connection: the state of our net worth is a direct reflection of our self-worth. Then she shows us how to get to the root of the problem and do the internal work that's needed to replace feelings of unworthiness with a stronger sense of our own value. Filled with inspiring real-life stories and thought-provoking questions and answers, her 10-step plan helps us to: Get real about the money issues we face every day; Examine the excuses we use to avoid creating the life we really want; Be willing to see ourselves as worthy of abundance in all its forms; Take back our financial power--and watch amazing things start to happen. Whether we're looking for financial ease or a new relationship with money and ourselves, Worthy will give us the tools to clear the path for wholeness, fulfillment, and richness in all areas of our lives, not just in our bank accounts.
Insiders 패 views as a predictor of stock performance : can insider trading be used to predict stock performance on the United States stock market?
But what if we're wrong? : thinking about the present as if it were the past
Living a dream in a conflict zone? : old wooden town housing in change
Valuing forests : context, issues and guidelines
The stonecutter : a folktale from Japan
Scaredy cat
Improving the inventory management and valuation process : case: The Switch Drive Systems
Beyond price : Value in culture, economics, and the arts
Respect and disrespect : social practices in a Norwegian multicultural school
Alfred Hitchcock's Psycho : a casebook
"Appreciative Inquiry (AI) is one of the most exciting and increasingly recognized concepts being used to facilitate organizational change. This book studies AI in depth, illustrating the method of asking particular questions and envisioning the future, encouraging staff to consider both the positive and negative systems in place and to recognize the need to implement change. It demonstrates how AI can be practically applied by combining the skills, perspectives and approaches presented here into a practical conversational approach to organizational challenges. It also takes a look at other techniques used to create change through conversation. Case studies from organizations that have already integrated conversational methods into their change management practice show why the processes are valuable, why they are effective, and how to generate such conversations yourself. Written in jargon-free language, this is an excellent resource for discovering the benefits that conversational techniques can have on an organization and its performance"--
Tragicall historie and phantasticall trifles : on evaluation of the book in sixteenth-century translators' paratexts
Appreciative inquiry as an instrument for the human resource management
Discrimination and disrespect
Listening in Paris : a cultural history
The social grading of occupations
Agora-1 : raising the level of diplomas and their distribution on the labour market: the lessons of the past and prospects for the future
The economy of esteem : an essay on civil and political society
Taking people with you : the only way to make big things happen
Artworld prestige : arguing cultural value
Consuming fiction
Literary appreciation : a practical guide to the understanding and enjoyment of literature in English
Siting a waste storage area within SMAA-O method
Appreciative inquiry for change management : using AI to facilitate organizational development
The 5 languages of appreciation in the workplace : empowering organizations by encouraging people
Taboo Pushkin : topics, texts, interpretations
American literary realism, critical theory, and intellectual prestige, 1880-1995
Theories of judgment : psychology, logic, phenomenology
Rethinking craft specialization in complex societies : archaeological analyses of the social meaning of production
Why you love music : from Mozart to Metallica : the emotional power of beautiful sounds
Dignity of work : theological and interdisciplinary perspectives
The hidden pleasures of life : a new way of remembering the past and imagining the future
Occupations and society
Creation of new service concept during the early stages of project development
Love & respect : the love she most desires, the respect he desperately needs
Philosemitism in history
The rare art traditions : the history of art collecting and its linked phenomena wherever these have appeared
The role, the goal and the soul of professional public relations : developing a holistic model of PR professionalism
Thomas O. Beebee's volume with new studies by leading scholars on the interrelation between German and World Literature is a most welcome contribution to contemporary discussions on the trans-national dimension of cultures. The essays show how 'national literatures are elliptical refractions of world literature' and that German literature has been imbricated in other cultural traditions.
Why the bottom line isn't! : how to build value through people and organization
Music on deaf ears : musical meaning, ideology, education
The philosophy of art
"Despite the growing popularity of the concept of ecosystem services, policy makers and practitioners continue to struggle with the challenge of translating it into practice. Drawing on a range of interdisciplinary perspectives, this volume takes up the challenge to provide a framework for the effective implementation of simple concepts into complex ecosystem-related decision-making. Addressing the measurement, valuation and governance of ecosystem services, the book is specifically designed to guide students and policy-makers from definitions and measurements to applications in terms of policy instruments and governance arrangements. Each chapter discusses key methodological approaches, illustrating their applications at various scales by drawing on case studies from around the world. Presenting a range of perspectives from across many fields, this text ultimately considers the crucial question of how ecosystem service delivery can be safeguarded for generations to come"--
Developing leadership communication using the appreciative inquiry approach
Nonviolent communication : a language of compassion
The twin star book : a solution-focused approach to improving the psychosocial environment of the work place
Values in education and society
The use and abuse of literature
"Employing political philosophy to argue the need for social and public art projects to be a part of the everyday lives of Americans, Boros creates a new synthesis of philosophical ideas to support the political value of public art. The author endeavors to add to the ongoing discussions regarding the foundations of democracy, engages in groundbreaking new ways the works of key political philosophers, and promotes public art as a way to re-invigorate our everyday public experiences, and to re-engage people in their communities. "--Provided by publisher.
You may also like : taste in an age of endless choice
Creative rebellion for the twenty-first century : the importance of public and interactive art to political life in America
Poetry as window and mirror : positioning the poet in Hellenistic poetry
Valuing wetland attributes : an application of choice experiments
Pricing the priceless child : the changing social value of children
Shakespeare : upstart crow to sweet swan, 1592-1623
What is wellbeing for the elderly?
The relation between university prestige and alumni employment rate in UK. : a qualitative analysis
Pricing the priceless : art, artists and economics
Landscapes, identities, and development
Beyond the age of innocence : rebuilding trust between America and the world
Later Byzantine painting : art, agency, and appreciation
Social promotion of forest workers : the role of labour organisations
Saving nature's legacy : origins of the idea of biological diversity
The role of art and craft in Namibian primary schools
Forest stand preferences of recreationists
A neighborhood that never changes : gentrification, social preservation, and the search for authenticity
The power of appreciative inquiry : a practical guide to positive change
What makes it great? : short masterpieces, great composers
The value of public service media
Governance of life in Chinese moral experience : the quest for an adequate life
Heritage values in contemporary society
What is your value proposition? : tools, skills & templates to make a VP
Ecosystem services : from concept to practice
Value-added selling : how to sell more profitably, confidently, and professionally by competing on value, not price
The development of students 패 physical education motivation and physical activity : a 3.5-year longitudinal study across grades 6 to 9
Essays on environmental benefits and hypothetical markets
The great appreciation, the great depreciation, and the purchasing power parity hypothesis
The status of language educators
Exploring the value creation in service ecosystem context : the case of the information technology sector
Children of God : towards a theology of childhood
Moral essays on the High Renaissance : art in Italy in the age of Michelangelo
Dirty Work : concepts and identities
Freckleface Strawberry
Signalling competence : social status and occupational prestige of translators and translation
Shrinks : the untold story of psychiatry
Taste and the antique : the lure of classical sculpture 1500-1900
The development of students' physical education motivation and physical activity : A 3.5-year longitudinal study across grades 6 to 9
Incommensurability, incomparability, and practical reason
The visual preferences for forest regeneration and field afforestation : four case studies in Finland
Berkshire encyclopedia of extreme sports
Tall Tilly
Unpriced values : decisions without market prices
German literature as world literature
The decent society
Abstract: Emotional support received by an aged rehabilitation patient during hospital care.
Physical education teachers' lives and careers : PE, sport and educational status
D.H. Lawrence and Germany : the politics of influence
The celebration of heroes : prestige as a social control system
What life? Teacher students valuing readiness and conceptions of life on earth
Honor for us : a philosophical analysis, interpretation and defense
Worthy : boost your self-worth to grow your net worth
This book is designed to help supervisors and managers effectively communicate appreciation and encouragement to their employees, resulting in higher levels of job satisfaction, healthier relationships between managers and employees, and decreased cases of burnout.  It applies the love language concept to the workplace.
A broad and ambitious overview of the significance of philosemitism in European and world history, from antiquity to the present.
Stuffocation : living more with less
Source book of a study of occupational values and the image of the Federal service
"But What If We're Wrong visualizes the contemporary world as it will appear to those who'll perceive it as the distant past. We live in a culture of casual certitude. This has always been the case, no matter how often that certainty has failed. Though no generation believes there's nothing left to learn, every generation unconsciously assumes that what has already been defined and accepted is (probably) pretty close to how reality will be viewed in perpetuity. And then, of course, time passes. Ideas shift. Opinions invert. What once seemed reasonable eventually becomes absurd, replaced by modern perspectives that feel even more irrefutable and secure--until, of course, they don't. But What If We're Wrong? visualizes the contemporary world as it will appear to those who'll perceive it as the distant past. Chuck Klosterman asks questions that are profound in their simplicity: How certain are we about our understanding of gravity? How certain are we about our understanding of time? What will be the defining memory of rock music, five hundred years from today? How seriously should we view the content of our dreams? How seriously should we view the content of television? Are all sports destined for extinction? Is it possible that the greatest artist of our era is currently unknown (or--weirder still--widely known, but entirely disrespected)? Is it possible that we "overrate" democracy? And perhaps most disturbing, is it possible that we've reached the end of knowledge? Kinetically slingshotting through a broad spectrum of objective and subjective problems, But What If We're Wrong? is built on interviews with a variety of creative thinkers--George Saunders, David Byrne, Jonathan Lethem, Kathryn Schulz, Neil deGrasse Tyson, Brian Greene, Junot Di패az, Amanda Petrusich, Ryan Adams, Nick Bostrom, Dan Carlin, and Richard Linklater, among others--interwoven with the type of high-wire humor and nontraditional analysis only Klosterman would dare to attempt. It's a seemingly impossible achievement: a book about the things we cannot know, explained as if we did. It's about how we live now, once "now" has become "then.""-- Provided by publisher.
Dignity at work
Loving literature : a cultural history
Some human approaches on the physical planning in the North of Fennoscandia
