http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15170 twin towns (municipalities)
twin towns (municipalities)
Det 책pne landet : panoramafilmen om Haugalander og Sunnhordland = Open country - get to know the Haugesund region = Offene land - erobern Sie Haugesund und Umgebung
Hitler's piano player : the rise and fall of Ernst Hanfstaengl, confident of Hitler, ally of FDR
A thousand splendid suns
The long good-bye
Only ever yours
One September morning in 2008, an investment banker approaching forty, his career in collapse and his marriage unraveling, receives a surprise visitor at his West London townhouse. In the disheveled figure of a South Asian male carrying a backpack, the banker recognizes a long-lost friend, a mathematics prodigy who disappeared years earlier under mysterious circumstances. The friend has resurfaced to make a confession of unsettling power. In The Light of What We Know takes us on a journey of exhilarating scope - from Kabul to London, New York, Islamabad, Oxford, and Princeton - and explores the great questions of love, belonging, science, and war. It is an age-old story: the friendship of two men and the betrayal of one by the other. The visitor, a man desperate to climb clear of his wrong beginnings, seeks atonement; and the narrator sets out to tell his friend's story but finds himself at the limits of what he can know about the world - and, ultimately, himself. Set against the breaking of nations and beneath the clouds of economic crisis, this surprisingly tender novel chronicles the lives of people carrying unshakable legacies of class and culture as they struggle to tame their futures. In an extraordinary feat of imagination, Zia Haider Rahman has telescoped the great upheavals of our young century into a novel of rare intimacy and power.
Politics of friendship
Political friendship and the good life : two liberal arguments against perfectionism
In the light of what we know
The Musketeers. The complete season 1
Interethnic affiliations and everyday demarcations of youth in Finland : empirical glances through multisited interviews and observations
Family and friends in eighteenth-century England : household, kinship, and patronage
The elegance of hedgehog
The Grace of Kings, the first book in this epic series, tells the story of two men who become friends through rebelling against tyranny and then turn against each other in defense of irreconcilable ideals. Wily, charming Kuni Garu, a bandit, and stern, fearless Mata Zyndu, the son of a deposed duke, seem like polar opposites. Yet, in the uprising against the emperor, the two quickly become the best of friends after a series of adventures fighting against vast conscripted armies, silk-draped airships, soaring battle kites, underwater boats, magical books, shapeshifting gods, and scaled whales who seem to prophesy the future. Once the emperor has been overthrown, however, the two find themselves the leaders of two sides with very different ideas about how the world should be run and the meaning of justice
The Rotters' club
Cometh the hour
Sex and the city 2
The medieval town walls of Drogheda
Qhuinn, son of no one, is used to being on his own. Disavowed from his bloodline, shunned by the aristocracy, he has finally found an identity as one of the most brutal fighters in the war against the Lessening Society. But his life is not complete. Even as the prospect of having a family of his own seems to be within reach, he is empty on the inside, his heart given to another.... Blay, after years of unrequited love, has moved on from his feelings for Qhuinn. And it's about time: The male has found his perfect match in a Chosen female, and they are going to have a young--just as Qhuinn has always wanted for himself. It's hard to see the new couple together, but building your life around a pipe dream is just a heartbreak waiting to happen. As he's learned firsthand. Fate seems to have taken these vampire soldiers in different directions, but as the battle over the race's throne intensifies, and new players on the scene in Caldwell create mortal danger for the Brotherhood, Qhuinn finally learns the true definition of courage, and two hearts that are meant to be together finally become one.
The grace of kings
The King
In borrowed light
The topography and layout of medieval Drogheda
New social ties : contemporary connections in a fragmented society
The line of beauty
A Thousand Splendid Suns
The beast
The tongues of serpents
City of thieves
The sociology of childhood
The wall of storms
It's kind of a funny story
Remarkable creatures
The kite runner
The closed circle
Sex and the city 2 : Sinkkuel채m채채 2.
Lover at last
The emperor. 3, The field of swords
Two friends, one summer
The shadows
Old masters : a comedy
The rotters' club
I will always write back : how one letter changed two lives
The kite runner : the graphic novel
Everything good will come
After the rain
Telegraph avenue
Only time will tell
