http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15194 mathematical logic
mathematical logic
Combinatory logic. Volume I
Mathematics for programmers
Optimization methods for logical inference
The development of mathematical logic
Two papers on symbolic logic
Mathematical logic with special reference to the natural numbers
Two papers on symbolic logic : form and content in quantification theory and reductions in the theory of types
Incompleteness in the land of sets
Collected works (2). Vol. 2, Publications 1938-1974
The logical basis for computer programming. Vol. 2, Deductive systems
Introduction to mathematical logic. Volume 1
A general algebraic semantics for sentential logics
The mathematical analysis of logic : being an essay towards a calculus of deductive reasoning
Temporal Logic : first international conference, ICTL '94, Bonn, Germany, July 11-14, 1994 : proceedings
The mathematics of metamathematics
A note on the consistency and completeness of the pure implicational functional calculus of first order
The lambda calculus : its syntax and semantics
Formal methods : an introduction to symbolic logic and to the study of effective operations in arithmetic and logic
The incompleteness phenomenon : a new course in mathematical logic
Logics for concurrency : structure versus automata
Principles of mathematical logic
Principia mathematica. Volume III
Many-valued logics. 1, Theoretical foundations
The number of strongly equivalent non-isomorphic models
Mathematical logic and computability
Introduction to mathematical logic. Volume I
Large infinitary languages : model theory
Extensions of Logic Programming : 4th international workshop, ELP '93, St Andrews, U.K., March 29-April 1, 1993 : proceedings
Non-monotonic extensions of logic programming : ICLP '94 workshop, Santa Margherita Ligure, Italy, June 17, 1994 : selected papers
Logic for mathematics and computer science
Classical recursion theory : Volume II
Testability & meaning
Mathematical logic : a first course
Mathematical logic in the 20th century
An algebraic approach to non-classical logics
Collected works. Vol. 1, Publications 1929-1936
Introduction to mathematical logic
The logical problem of induction
Aspects of definability
A course on mathematical logic
Studies in logic and probability
On formally undecidable propositions ; of principia mathematica and related systems
A Peircean reduction thesis : the foundations of topological logic
Elements of symbolic logic
Two papers on symbolic logic: Form and content in quantification theory and reductions in the theory of types
Subsystems of second order arithmetic
Knowledge representation and reasoning under uncertainty : logic at work
Understanding symbolic logic
Introduction to mathematical logic. Vol. 1
Two papers on symbolic logic : Form and content in quantification theory and Reductions in the theory of types
Mathematical logic : a course with exercises. 1, Propositional calculus, boolean algebras, predicate calculus
An introduction to mathematical logic
Definability hierarchies of generalized quantifiers
Principia mathematica. Volume I
Many-valued logics
This revised and considerably expanded 2nd edition brings together a wide range of topics, including modal, tense, conditional, intuitionist, many-valued, paraconsistent, relevant, and fuzzy logics. Part 1, on propositional logic, is the old Introduction, but contains much new material. Part 2 is entirely new, and covers quantification and identity for all the logics in Part 1. The material is unified by the underlying theme of world semantics. All of the topics are explained clearly using devices such as tableau proofs, and their relation to current philosophical issues and debates are discussed. Students with a basic understanding of classical logic will find this book an invaluable introduction to an area that has become of central importance in both logic and philosophy. It will also interest people working in mathematics and computer science who wish to know about the area.
The principles of mathematics
A survey of mathematical logic
On formally undecidable propositions of Principia mathematica and related systems
Approaches to finite variable dependence : expressiveness and computational complexity
The bulletin of symbolic logic
On extensions and variants of dependence logic : a study of intuitionistic connectives in the team semantics setting
The elements of mathematical logic
A system of logistic
The limits of logic : higher-order logic and the Löwenheim-Skolem theorem
Combinatorics, complexity, & logic : proceedings of DMTCS'96
Unpublished philosophical essays
What is mathematical logic?
Thirty years of foundational studies : Lectures on the development of mathematical logic and the study of the foundations of mathematics in 1930-1964
From a logical point of view : 9 logico-philosophical essays
Principles of automated theorem proving
A mathematical introduction to logic
Hilbert's epsilon-symbol in predicative subsystems of analysis
Classical recursion theory : the theory of functions and sets of natural numbers
Introduction to metamathematics
Mathematical logic
Fine structure and iteration trees
Logic machines and diagrams
Nonstandard analysis for the working matematician
An introduction to non-classical logic : from if to is
Automated deduction - CADE-12 : 12th international conference on Automated Deduction, Nancy, France, June 26-July 1, 1994 : proceedings
Philosophical applications of free logic
Deadlock and reachability checking with finite complete prefixes
Computability and logic
Foundations of mathematical logic
Modern logic : a text in elementary symbolic logic
Thirty years of foundational studies : lectures on the development of mathematical logic and the study of the foundations of mathematics in 1930-1964
Recursion theory
Calculus of logic
A browsable format for proof presentation
Logics with structured contexts
Axiomatic set theory
Elementary logics : a procedural perspective
Many-valued logics. 2, Automated reasoning and practical applications
Solvability, provability, definability : the collected works of Emil L. Post
