http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15123 knowledge technology
knowledge technology knowledge engineering
"Tundtemp" : an advisory tool for the continuous steel casting process
OECD workshop on knowledge-based expert systems in transportation : Espoo, Finland, 26-28 June, 1990. Vol. 1
A type-oriented approach to knowledge-based systems
STeP-90 Suomen tekoälytutkimuksen päivät, Oulu 1990 = Finnish Artificial Intelligence Symposium, University of Oulu, June 11-14, 1990
The knowledge management toolkit : practical techniques for building a knowledge management system
Advanced optimization algorithms for applications in control engineering
Communication, media, and identity : a Christian theory of communication
Too big to know : rethinking knowledge now that the facts aren't the facts, experts are everywhere, and the smartest person in the room is the room
Spinning the semantic web : bringing the World Wide Web to its full potential
Knowledge-based systems in engineering
Proceedings of the SCAI '89 : Tampere, Finland June 13-15, 1989. Volume 2 of 2
Machine musicianship
Community of practice for collaborative research in knowledge management
Heuristic harvesting system selection through the KBS approach
Transforming the law : essays on technology, justice and the legal marketplace
The artificial intelligence experience : an introduction
Knowledge representation and language in AI
Applying neural networks : a practical guide
TKE'99 : terminology and knowledge engineering : proceedings, Fifth International Congress on Terminology and Knowledge Engineering, 23-27 August 1999, Innsbruck, Austria
An introduction to multiagent systems
Artificial intelligence in nuclear power plants : IAEA[IWG NPPCI specialists' meeting Helsinki]Vantaa, Finland, 10-12 October, 1989. Vol. 1
The business value of IT : managing risks, optimizing performance, and measuring results
Pre-prints of the 7th Symposium on Technical Diagnostics : 17-19 September 1990, Helsinki Fair Center, Finland
Cognition distributed : how cognitive technology extends our minds
OECD workshop on knowledge-based expert systems in transportation : Espoo, Finland, 26-28 June, 1990. Vol. 2
Principles of object-oriented analysis and design
STEP-86 : Finnish Artificial Intelligence Symposium = Suomen tekoälytutkimuksen päivät : Otaniemi, Espoo, Finland, August 19-22, 1986. Vol. 3, Symposium papers : applications
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary).
Artificial intelligence in nuclear power plants : IAEA[IWG NPPCI specialists' meeting Helsinki]Vantaa, Finland, 10-12 October, 1989. Vol. 2
STeP-88 : Finnish Artificial Intelligence Symposium = Suomen tekoälytutkimuksen päivät : University of Helsinki, August 15-18 1988. Volume 2, Contributed papers : methodology
Adaptive and intelligent systems applications 1994-1999 : final report
Wearable ehealth systems for personalised health management : state of the art and future challenges
Technological improvement and changes in the global economy are increasing the geographically distributed work in different work areas. Work is coming out of the cubicles to different locations without borders and is depending more on information technology to enable its coordination. Success of distributed work is revealed as working force becomes flexible, innovative, and highly productive. This thesis investigates the coordination of distributed work and how ICT has been developed to improve the efficiency of work from different locations. It also provides new perspectives on current researches and highlights the key issues that require further investigation. How collaboration has progressed from physical to virtual setting is explained by using available literature. It also provides suggestions for betterment of distributed work implementation. The goal is to develop deeper understanding of changing work environment, and role of information communication technology in distributed work. This thesis takes a multidisciplinary approach to study distributed work and organizations, challenges existing in distributed work, and ways to make distributed work more effective. Moreover, this thesis emphasizes on theories of overcoming challenges and finds solutions which are obstacles for its success. It also highlights the increasing demand of knowledge workers, and ways how to create knowledge, share knowledge and use the knowledge for the future. All in all, distributed work is explained as a work style exercising new ways of managing organizations by integrating capabilities, skills, knowledge, and competency of working force. It concludes by offering possible solutions for the problems that could be faced on implementing distributed work.
STeP-88 : Finnish Artificial Intelligence Symposium = Suomen tekoälytutkimuksen päivät : University of Helsinki, August 15-18 1988. 1, Invited papers. Contributed papers : applications
AI for game developers
Innovating with information technology in a globalized world : being proactive about culture
The engineering of knowledge-based systems : theory and practice
Machine learning : an integrated framework and its applications
Knowledge service engineering handbook
AI applications : natural resources, agriculture, and environmental science
The age of spiritual machines : how we will live, work and think in the new age of intelligent machines
Artificial intelligence research and development
An introduction to object-oriented programming
A knowledge-based system for real-time operation planning and event analysis in power system control
Scandinavian Conference on Artificial Intelligence -89 : proceedings of the SCAI '89, Tampere, Finland, June 13-15, 1989
Knowledge-based support for embedded computer software analysis and design
A semantic Web primer
The knowledge frontier : essays in the representation of knowledge
Text, ConText, and HyperText : writing with and for the computer
Natural-born cyborgs : minds, technologies, and the future of human intelligence
Agent-based software development
Constraint reasoning with incomplete knowledge : the tolerance propagation approach
Music and artificial intelligence : second International Conference, ICMAI 2002, Edinburgh, Scotland, UK, September 12-14, 2002 : proceedings
STeP-86 symposium papers : Finnish Artificial Intelligence Symposium, Otaniemi, Espoo, Finland, August 19-22, 1986 = STeP-86 symposium papers : Suomen tekoälytutkimuksen päivät. Vol. 2, Methodology
The society of text : hypertext, hypermedia, and the social construction of information
Control Systems 90 : from loop control to business control : pre-prints
Model-based explanation of plant knowledge
A knowledge-based system for process diagnostics and trouble-shooting : summary report of MOSIG project
Requirements analysis and system design
Creative knowledge cities : myths, visions and realities
Metareasoning : thinking about thinking
Fuzzy modeling for industrial systems
Machine learning : an artificial intelligence approach
Writing effective use cases
Megatech : technology in 2050
Information systems - creativity and innovation in small and medium-sized enterprises : IFIP WG 8.2 International Conference, CreativeSME 2009, Guimarães, Portugal, June 21-24, 2009 : proceedings
Artificial intelligence in education : shaping the future of learning through intelligent technologies
Principles of database and knowledge-base systems. Volume 2, The new technologies
AI and forest science
Handbook of intelligent control : neural, fuzzy, and adaptive approaches
Validating and verifying knowledge-based systems
The triple helix : university-industry-government innovation in action
The changing work environment and role of ICT in distributed work
The production of knowledge : the challenge of social science research
Modeling physical domains for knowledge based systems
Proceedings of the SCAI '89, the Second Scandinavian Conference on Artificial Intelligence, Tampere, Finland, June 13-15, 1989. Vol. 1-2
Tools for building knowledge based systems
Artificial intelligence and language : old questions in a new key
Smart environments : technologies, protocols, and applications
Principles of database and knowledge-base systems. Volume 1.
Regional Knowledge Economies : Markets, Clusters and Innovation [book review]
Knowledge elicitation : a practical handbook
The art of the metaobject protocol
Artificial intelligence with uncertainty
Rough sets : theoretical aspects of reasoning about data
The CARELIA simulator : a development and specification environment for neural networks
Memory-saving optimization algorithms for systems with limited hardware
Artificial knowing : gender and the thinking machine
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
The master algorithm : how the quest for the ultimate learning machine will remake our world
An introduction to object-oriented analysis : objects and UML in plain English
Data models for home services
Developing intelligent agent systems : a practical guide
