http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15125 person registers
person registers
Sixth annual report on the situation regarding the protection of individuals with regard to the processing of personal data and privacy in the European Union and in third countries : covering the year 2001 : adopted on 16th December 2003
Digital personae and profiles in law : protecting individuals' rights in online contexts
The accuracy of index dates and calculation of survival time from cancer registery data
Privacy and data protection law : international development and Maltese perspectives
Protection of personal data in Sweden : a Dutch perception
Personal data protection in Finnish legal system
Estimating potential savings in cancer deaths by eliminating regional and social class variation in cancer survival in the Nordic countries
Abstract.
Personal information : privacy and the law
Preparation of a methodology for evaluating the adequacy of the level of protection of individuals with regard to the processing of personal data
The limits of privacy
Informatics and nursing : opportunities and challenges
Application of a methodology designed to assess the adequacy of the level of protection of individuals with regard to processing personal data : test of the method on several categories of transfer : final report
Man-computer interface 1988b
Use of register and administrative data sources for statistical purposes : best practices of Statistics Finland
Handbook on cost-effective compliance with directive 95/46/EC
Summary (2 s.). Conclusion (s. 14-15).
Focus on the customer : customer relationship management at Best Western Hotel Kokkola
Data protection in working life
"This handbook provides technical guidance on statistical disclosure control and on how to approach the problem of balancing the need to provide users with statistical outputs and the need to protect the confidentiality of respondents.Statistical disclosure control is combined with other tools such as administrative, legal and IT in order to define a proper data dissemination strategy based on a risk management approach. The key concepts of statistical disclosure control are presented, along with the methodology and software that can be used to apply various methods of statistical disclosure control.Examples will also be used to illustrate methods described in the book. The handbook is based upon material prepared by the leading National Institute of Statistics in Europe. The context is relevant globally, not just within the EU. "-- Provided by publisher.
Database nation : the death of privacy in the 21st century
The digital person : technology and privacy in the information age
Pregnancy-associated deaths in Finland 1987-1994 : definition problems and benefits of record linkage
Judicial Academy of Northern Finland
Access to finnish law
American privacy : the 400-year history of our most contested right
Green ships - eco shipping - clean seas : the 12th Annual General Assembly, International Association of Maritime University, Gdynia, Poland, 12-14 June 2011
Health care system, cancer registration and follow-up of cancer patients in Finland
Property rights in personal data : a European perspective
The safe hiring manual : the complete guide to employment screening background checks for employers, recruiters, and jobseekers
NCL focuses on America
Every individual is represented in digital form in numerous data sets. Commercial companies use these digital representations as a basis for making decisions that affect the individual. This has implications for privacy and autonomy of the individual and the ability to construct one's own identity. This study describes how digital representations are created and for what purposes. An analysis is made of the implications this has for individuals and why privacy, autonomy, and identity construction are at stake. In this context legal protection of individuals is provided by data protection legislation. The current framework, however, appears to be insufficient in relation to the problems identified in this study. Other legal constructs are assessed to see whether alternative approaches could help offer legal protection. Finally, a proposal is presented to embed the concepts of digital personae and profiles (as forms of digital representations) as portraits in data protection law.
Summary (s. iii-iv).
Health informatics : practical guide for healthcare and information technology professionals
Transborder flow of personal data within the EC : a comparative analysis of the privacy statutes of the Federal Republic of Germany, France, the United Kingdom and The Netherlands and their impact on the private sector
The validity of hospital discharge register data on coronary heart disease in Finland
Privacy and the information age
Access to information held by the state and privacy in Finland
Documenting individual identity : the development of state practices in the modern world
Development project of the focus group survey database
Legal identity for inclusive development
Data protection by design and default :  a study on new European operational data protection principles under the article 25 of the new European general data protection regulation and on their application in practice from the perspective of the private data controllers and processors
Summary (s. vii-xv).
Existing case-law on compliance with data protection laws and principles in the member states of the European Union
Personal information management
Directory
Private lives and public surveillance : social control in the computer age
Engaging privacy and information technology in a digital age
The national basic registers of society : general description
Consumers’ experienced value of information sharing
Access to Finnish law
Organizing through division and exclusion : China's Hukou system
The assault on privacy : computers, data banks, and dossiers
Data transmission and privacy
Cancer data collection and comparability in Europe
Nordic data protection law
Who owns information? : from privacy to public access
Protection of workers' personal data
On-line services and data protection and privacy : regulatory responses. Vol. 2
