http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15159 psalms
psalms
Luther's works. Vol. 10, First lectures on the Psalms, 1 : Psalms 1-75
A festival of psalms
Words to God, word from God : the psalms in the prayer and preaching of the church
Reapplication of cultic language in Psalms 22, 23 and 24
An introduction to the psalms
The works of Saint Augustine : a translation for the 21st century. Part III, Books, Volume 18, Expositions of the Psalms 73-98
Divine metaphors in selected Hebrew Psalms of Lamentation
A contextual and cross-cultural study of Psalm 109
The works of Saint Augustine : a translation for the 21st century. Part III, Books, Volume 19, Expositions of the Psalms (Enarrationes in psalmos) 99-120
The enigma of the Bay Psalm book
Commentary on Psalms 1-81
The origins of Calvin's theology of music, 1536-1543
The Earth story in the Psalms and the Prophets
The works of Saint Augustine : a translation for the 21st century. Part III, Books, Volume 20, Expositions of the Psalms (Enarrationes in psalmos) 121-150
Israel's sacred songs : A study of dominant themes
The Bay Psalm book : a facsimile reprint of the first edition of 1640.
Three psalms : set to the original Hebrew text, for a cappella chorus : Psalm 43
A Byzantine monastic office, 1105 A.D. : Houghton Library, MS gr. 3
Commentary on psalms 1-51
Psalm XLVII : for orchestra, organ, chorus and solo : op. 38
Metaphors in the Psalms
The Old Testament library. The Psalms : a commentary
The collected works
Psalmody and prayer in the writings of Evargius Ponticus
Latin psalter manuscripts in Trinity College Dublin and the Chester Beatty Library
The place of the enclitic personal pronouns in the old Greek Psalter
Psalm 18 in words and pictures : a reading through metaphor
The earliest complete English Prose psalter tigether with eleven canticles and a translation of the Athanasian Creed. Part 1
Harvesting Martin Luther's reflections on theology, ethics, and the church
Three psalms : set to the original Hebrew text, for a cappella chorus : Psalm 150
Sumerian and Babylonian psalms
The Anchor Bible. Vol. 16, Psalms I
Home to thanksgiving : songs of thanks and praise
Nisi Dominus : salmo 126 : per contralto, archi e basso continuo = psalm 126 = for contralto, strings and bass-continuo
Heavenly harmonies
Seeing the Psalms : a theology of metaphor
The Book of Psalms : a worship resource for reading or singing the psalms with optional refrains
A glossary of the Vespasian Psalter and Hymns (Brit. Mus. Ms. Cotton Vespasian A 1) : with an Latin-Mercian index. Part 1, The verb
Prayer from Tobit to Qumran : inaugural conference of the ISDCL at Salzburg, Austria, 5-9 July 2003
Eadwine's Canterbury Psalter. Part 2, Text and notes
By re-examining the quotation of psalms in Paul, this book offers a fresh interpretation of the New Testament's reception of the Old Testament. Richard Hays's influential Echoes of Scripture in the Letters of Paul astutely identified the rhetorical device of metalepsis, or echo, as central to the study of Pauline hermeneutics. Hays's Paul was in sympathetic dialogue with the voice of Scripture, but Matthew Scott now challenges this assumption with close readings of echoed psalms voiced by David and Christ. Paul's use of metalepsis in Romans and 2 Corinthians reveals him to be a provocative, even polemical, reader who appropriates the words of David for a Christological purpose. Scott also illustrates how Christ succeeds David as the premier psalmist in Paul and considers whether, in doing so, Christ acts as inheritor or iconoclast.
Light in our darkness : simple chants and psalms
A study of the French words in the "Earliest Complete English Prose Psalter"
Theology of the Psalms
Clap your hands, stamp your feet (Psalm 47)
Psalms and motets for reflection
The works of Saint Augustine : a translation for the 21st century. Part III, Books, Volume 17, Expositions of the Psalms 51-72
English metrical psalms from 1600 to 1660 : a study in the religious and aesthetic tendencies of that period
Introducing the Psalms
The second installment of Dr. Allen Ross's acclaimed three-volume commentary. For thousands of years, Psalms has been one of the richest resources for worship and development of the spiritual life. At the same time it is one of the more complex and challenging sections of the Bible for expositors and students. Pastors, teachers, and all serious students of the Bible will find this commentary invaluable for developing an understanding of Psalms and for improving the ability to expound it with precision and depth. This is volume two of a three-volume commentary on Psalms. For each psalm, Dr. Allen Ross provides a translation of the text and an overview of the context. He then guides the reader through a detailed exegetical outline and offers an expository idea for the message of the whole psalm. The commentary includes discussion throughout of three primary challenges to understanding Psalms: Textual issues: Every major textual difficulty is addressed in order to help the expositor understand the interpretive issues and make decisions when there are multiple available readings. Poetic language: The psalms are full of poetic imagery, devices, and structures. Ross discusses Hebrew poetry in its context with each psalm, specifying the precise devices being used and how they work in the psalm. Hebrew grammar and syntax: The Hebrew of Psalms poses a challenge to many expositors. This commentary illuminates Hebrew constructions and word meanings in a way that is helpful both to readers who are comfortable with Hebrew and those who are not.
Linguistic evidence for the northern origin of selected psalms
The Psalms in the patristic hermeneutics : patristic interpretation of the four main Messianic Psalms of the great hours of Good Friday
An intertextual study of the psalms of Solomon : pseudepigrapha
A commentary on the Psalms. Volume 1 (1-41)
The psalms commentary of Gilbert of Poitiers : from Lectio divina to the Lecture room
Psalms and liturgy
Psalm 29 through time and tradition
Dionysius Bar Salibi's factual and spiritual commentary on Psalms 73-82
Psalm 25 : S. A. T. B., with organ
Richard Maidstone's Penitential psalms : ed. from Bodl. MS Rawlinson A 389
The book of psalms : composition and reception
Torah as teacher : the exemplary Torah student in Psalm 119
They cried to the Lord : the form and theology of Biblical prayer
Psalms in community : Jewish and Christian textual, liturgical, and artistic traditions
Old Testament wisdom : an introduction
The traditional prayer in the Psalms
The structural analysis of biblical and canaanite poetry
Psalm 90 : for mixed chorus (S.A.T.B.), organ and bells
The Anchor Bible. Vol. 17A, Psalms III: 101-150
Take hold of the robe of a Jew : Herbert of Bosham's Christian hebraism
In Psalm 18 in Words and Pictures: A Reading Through Metaphor, Alison Gray engages in an in-depth study of the figurative language of Psalm 18, demonstrating the necessity of a dynamic approach to metaphor interpretation within a given textual unit. As one of the longest and most elaborate in the Hebrew Bible, Psalm 18 provides fertile soil for studying the interplay between words and images. While previous studies of the Psalm have focused on questions of form, structure, or unity - as well the relation to its Doppeltext of 2 Samuel 22 - Alison Gray explores the ways in which a metaphor-oriented hermeneutic enriches the psalm's translation and exegesis.
Psalms of lament
Psalms through the centuries. Volume 1
Characterizing criteria for the characterization of the Septuagint translators : experimenting on the Greek Psalter
Literary representation of oral religion : organizing principles in Mikael Africola's list of mythological agents in late medieval Finland
The Anchor Bible. Vol. 17, Psalms II, 51-100 : introduction, translation, and notes
For thousands of years, the Book of Psalms has been one of God's people's richest resources for expression of worship and development of the spiritual life. At the same time it is one of the more complex and challenging sections of the Bible for expositors. Pastors, teachers, and all serious students of the Bible will find this commentary invaluable for developing their understanding of the Psalms and for improving their ability to expound it with precision and depth. For each psalm, Dr. Allen Ross guides the reader through a detailed exegetical outline, proposes a homiletical outline, and offers a summary expository idea of the message of the whole psalm. The commentary includes discussion throughout of three primary challenges to understanding the Psalms: Textual issues: Every major textual difficulty is addressed in order to help the expositor understand the interpretive issues and make decisions when there are multiple available readings. Poetic laguage: The Psalms are full of poetic imagery, devices and structures. Ross discusses this "language" of Hebrew poetry in its context with each psalm, specifying the precise devices being used and how they work in the psalm. The Psalms' Hebrew grammar and syntax pose a challenge to many expositors, whether they are familiar with Hebrew or not. This commentary illuminates Hebrew constructions word meanings in a way that is helpful both to readers who are comfortable with Hebrew and those who are not.
Even for an experienced reader of Latin, the Psalter sometimes follows underlying Greek and ultimately Hebrew idiom too literally and thus poses real difficulties. This new commentary on selected psalms, the first for decades, seeks to resolve these problems by placing the Latin within its historical linguistic context. For the reader without Hebrew and only a little Greek, it clarifies how those languages, by bilingual interference and over-literal translation, have influenced and shaped idioms. Finally, it demonstrates how Early Christian exegetes, especially Augustine, confronted unidiomatic peculiarities in a fundamentalist way; specifically, how they resorted to an exegetical resolution of what they perceived as an underlying theological mystery.
The hermeneutics of christological psalmody in Paul : an intertextual enquiry
Diodore of Tarsus presided over the Antiochene school of interpretation in its heyday. In his sole surviving exegetical work on the Old Testament he formulated the principles of interpreting Scripture taught in that school. Available here for the first time in English is Diodore's commentary on Psalms 1-51, with Robert C. Hill's insightful notes on Diodore's exegesis of the Psalter. It was from their mentor Diodore that later Antiochenes Chrysostom, Theodore, and Theodoret derived the distinctive principles underlying the theology that figured prominently in debate and controversy in the fourth and fifth centuries. Patristic scholars and students of the Psalms look to the approach of the great Eastern commentators as an important development in the history of exegesis, Christology, morality and spirituality and will find this translation an invaluable asset.
The psalms and the life of faith
The Salisbury psalter
There has been scant scholarship on the epistemology of the Psalter. This work presents a comparative epistemological analysis of the wisdom motifs in Psalms 1, 73, 90, and 107, selected on the basis of their epistemic content and canonical placement within the Psalter.
From Messiah to preexistent son : Jesus' self-consciousness and early Christian exegesis of Messianic psalms
The works of Saint Augustine : a translation for the 21st century. Part III, Homilies, Volume 16, Expositions of the Psalms 33-50
The message of the Psalms : a theological commentary
Make music to our God : how we sing the Psalms
The diction of the Anglo-Saxon metrical psalms
Wisdom epistemology in the Psalter : a study of psalms 1, 73, 90, and 107
Children are a heritage of the Lord : for SSATB a cappella
The works of Saint Augustine : a translation for the 21st century. Part III, Homilies, Volume 15, Expositions of the Psalms 1-32
Reading the Psalms as a book
The land to the elect and justice for all : search for the function and setting(s) of 4Qnon-canonical psalms B (4Q381)
The Vitellius psalter
Four psalm settings : Unison and 2-part treble voices and Orff-Instrumentarium
This collaboration by two esteemed evangelical scholars blends a verse-by-verse exposition of select psalms with a history of their interpretation in the church from the time of the apostles to the present. Bruce Waltke, who has been teaching and preaching the book of Psalms for over fifty years, skillfully establishes the meaning of the Hebrew text through the careful exegesis for which he is well known. James Houston traces the church's historical interpretation and use of these psalms, highlighting their deep spiritual significance to Christians through the ages. Waltke and Houston focus their in-depth commentary on thirteen psalms that represent various genres and perspectives or hold special significance for Christian faith and the life of the church, including Psalm 1, Psalm 23, Psalm 51, and Psalm 139. While much modern scholarship has tended to "despiritualize" the Psalms, Waltke and Houston's "sacred hermeneutic" listens closely to the two voices of the Holy Spirit heard infallibly in Scripture and edifyingly in the church's response. A masterly historical-devotional commentary, The Psalms as Christian Worship will deepen the church's worship and enrich the faith and life of contemporary Christians. - Publisher.
The Psalter, according to the Seventy, of St. David, the prophet and king : together with the nine odes and an interpretation of how the Psalter should be recited throughout the whole year
Collective reinterpretation in the Psalms : a study of the redaction history of the Psalter
The Psalms : songs of tragedy, hope and justice
The heart of praise : daily ways to worship the Father with Psalms
A Commentary on the Psalms. Volume 3 (90-150)
Martin Luther once said, »Many of the Fathers have loved and praised the Book of Psalms above all other books of the Bible. No books of moral tales and no legends of saints which have been written, or ever will be, are to my mind as noble as the Book of Psalms ...« Despite their richness, the Psalms also raise some interpretive challenges. How do we read such difficult passages as the one which advocates the violent destruction of one's enemies? Are we to ignore these and embrace only those that edify us? This collection of essays by renowned international scholars addresses such issues as the history and contemporary Lutheran and ecumenical interpretations of Psalms and provides valuable interpretive insights for theologians, biblical scholars, pastors, counselors and students.With contributions by Lubomir Batka, Andrea Bieler, Brian Brock, Hans-Peter Großhans, Elelwani B. Farisani, Jutta Hausmann, Anni Hentschel, Frank-Lothar Hossfeld, Craig R. Koester, Madipoane Masenya, Karl-Wilhelm Niebuhr, Urmas Nommik, Roger Wanke and Vitor Westhelle. [Das Lied des Herrn in der Fremde singen. Psalmen in zeitgenössischer lutherischer Interpretation] Ungeachtet ihres Reichtums werfen die Psalmen auch Fragen der Interpretation auf. Wie sollen wir Sätze verstehen, in denen die Vernichtung von Feinden begrüßt wird? Sollen wir sie ignorieren und nur die uns aufbauenden Passagen zur Kenntnis nehmen? Diese Aufsatzsammlung bekannter internationaler Wissenschaftler spricht solche Fragen der Interpretation im historischen und gegenwärtigen lutherischen und ökumenischen Kontext an und liefert wichtige Einsichten für Theologen, Bibelwissenschaftler, Pfarrer, Seelsorger und Studenten.
Suffering and sin : interpretations of illness in the individual complaint Psalms
Cultic prophecy in the psalms
The Psalms as Christian worship : a historical commentary
Tradition history and the psalms of Asaph
A discussion of Anglican psalm singing and its application to singing psalms in the Finnish language
Miserere mei : the penitential Psalms in late medieval and early modern England
Two psalms : Out of the deep, Praise ye the Lord For SATB chorus and orchestra : vocal score
Collective reinterpretation in the Psalms
Tonus peregrinus : the history of a psalm-tone and its use in polyphonic music
Psalm 100 : for choirs (S. A., S. A. T. B.) and bells, with optional organ
Martin Luther's interpretation of the Royal Psalms : the spiritual kingdom in a pastoral context
Psalms and story : inset hymns in Hebrew narrative
The Psalms : an introduction
The listening heart : essays in wisdom and the Psalms in honor of Roland E. Murphy
On the Incarnation : the treatise De incarnatione Verbi Dei
Psalm 150 : for 4-part treble (or boys) and mixed voices (S. A. T. B.) and optional organ
The 'uncertainty of a hearing' : a study of the sudden change of mood in the Psalms of lament
Developments in genre between post-exilic penitential prayers and the psalms of communal lament
Chorwerke : (complete)
Deus, judicium tuum TWV 7:7 : : Psalm 71 (72) für Soli (SSATB), Chor (SATBB), 2 Querflöten, 2 Oboen, 2 Fagotten, 2 Violinen, Viola und Basso continuo
The composition of the Book of Psalms : [57. Colloquium Biblicum Lovaniense, 5. - 7. August 2008 im Maria-Theresia Kolleg und im Papst Adrian VI. Kolleg der Katholischen Universität von Leuven]
Final volume in acclaimed Psalms commentary by Allen P. Ross. For thousands of years, Psalms has been one of the richest resources for worship and development of the spiritual life. Pastors, teachers, and all serious students of the Bible will find this commentary invaluable for developing an understanding of Psalms and for improving one's ability to exposit it with precision and depth. This is the third of a three-volume commentary on Psalms.The commentary includes discussion throughout of the three primary challenges to understanding Psalms: - Textual issues: Every major textual difficulty is addressed in order to help the expositor understand the interpretive issues and make decisions when there are multiple available readings.- Poetic language: The Psalms are full of poetic imagery, devices, and structures. Ross discusses this "language" of Hebrew poetry in its context with each psalm, specifying the precise devices being used and how they work in the psalm.- Grammar and syntax: The Hebrew of Psalms poses a challenge to many expositors. This commentary illuminates Hebrew constructions and word meanings in a way that is helpful both to readers who are comfortable with Hebrew and those who are not.
The new testament of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ : Translated out of the original greek and with the former translations diligently compared and revised by His Majestety?s special command
Two psalms : Out of the deep, Praise the Lord
Give unto the Lord : Psalm 29, opus 74 : anthem for SATB & organ or orchestra
The parallel Psalter : being the prayer-book version of the Psalms and a new version, arranged on opposite pages
Two ways of praying
A commentary on the Psalms. Volume 2 (42-89)
Luther's works. Vol. 11, First lectures on the Psalms, 2 : Psalms 76-126
The vitality of worship : a commentary on the book of Psalms
The Latin psalter
The Psalms of Solomon : a critical edition of the Greek text
The shape and shaping of the Psalter
The Psalms in Israel's worship
The old Greek psalter : studies in honour of Albert Pietersma
The Psalms : a historical and spiritual commentary with an introduction and new translation
Singing the songs of the Lord in foreign lands : Psalms in contemporary Lutheran interpretation
"Rejoice in the Lord!" : a lexical and syntactical study of the semantic field of joy in the Greek Psalter
