http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15145 wartime
wartime
War games
"We'll meet again" : songs & music that inspired courage during wartime
Until we meet again
Deeds of darkness
The wrong blood
Disney during World War II : how the Walt Disney Studio contributed to victory in the war
After the last dance
Wartime rationing and consumption
Shame and the captives
Hana's suitcase : a true story
Grey souls
A strong hand to hold
And the hippos were boiled in their tanks
The summer isles
Dressed for war : uniform, civilian clothing and trappings, 1914-1918
The hotel on Place Vendôme : life, death, and betrayal at the Hôtel Ritz in Paris
Daughters of Liverpool
A man bears witness to his grandfather's deathbed confessions, which reveal his family's long-buried history and his involvement in a mail-order novelty company, World War II, and the space program.
The good Italian
Tales of a Tiller Girl : my true story of dancing in wartime London
Hungry, but not starving : the experiences of Finnish children in town and country during the Second World War
The sound of thunder
Flora and Grace
Constellation of vital phenomena
We shall remember
Nurse Anna's war
Leaving Berlin : a novel
The undertaking
The sketchbook war : saving the nation's artists in World War II
Black out
The Great War diaries : accompanies the astonishing BBC TV series
The beautiful truth
These dark wings
The book thief
The surrendered
To catch a king
The nightingale
A constellation of vital phenomena
All that is : a novel
Scenes from early life
Conner Street's war
The Windmill girls
Dead to me
The dandelion on the Imjin river : a novel
Room for a stranger
Na tšo pohoža vojna? = Miltä sota tuntui? = What was war like?
All clear
Inferno : the world at war 1939-1945
Stalin's gold : a Frank Merlin novel
After the bombing
Hotel on the corner of Bitter and Sweet : a novel
Baltimore. Volume two : The curse bells
My sweat Valentine
The Rocketeer at war
All the light we cannot see : a novel
The factory girls
The third in a series of books featuring four young women whose lives will be forever changed by WWII. Rose Petrie is desperate to do something for the war effort. Despite the daily hardships and the nightly bombing raids, her sister, Daisy, and their friends all seem to be thriving in their war work. Rose is doing her best down at the munitions factory, but she is dealt a blow when her childhood sweetheart, Stan, tells her he doesn't feel the same way about her. Determined to get away and make a new start, Rosie decides to put her mechanical skills, learned from her father and brothers, to good use and signs up for the Women's Auxiliary Service, or ATS. But Rose discovers that delivering fruit and veg in her father's greengrocer's van is very different to driving trucks for the army in a country under seige.
Fifth column
The shoemaker's wife : a novel
The secret war : spies, codes and guerrillas 1939-45
Home for Christmas
Of love and other wars
The lost soldier
Stratton's war : [a detective to pierace the dark heart of London]
A dangerous age : a novel
Mrs Miles's diary : the wartime journal of a housewife on the home front
The night in Lisbon
Moonglow : a novel
Sylvia's lovers
Stones for my father
Bluffing Mr. Churchill
The German boy
A brighter fear
Lord of the silent
We band of angels : the untold story of American nurses trapped on Bataan by the Japanese
Peter in peril : courage and hope in World War Two
Songs of love and war
Old mottos : jewellery from hard times
No known grave
A slant of light : a novel
Aetheric mechanies : a graphic novella
The balloonist
Roosevelt's lost alliances : how personal politics helped start the Cold War
Historia renarrata : early Benedictine revisions of the First Crusade
Dorothea's war : a First World War nurse tells her story
Agriculture in England : a survey of farming, 1870-1947
Darling monster : the letters of Lady Diana Cooper to her son John Julius Norwich 1939-1952
If you were the only girl
Only a mother knows
The gunpowder and glory girls
The English girl
Mama Koko and the hundred gunmen : one ordinary family's extraordinary tale of love, loss, and survival in Congo
The word at war : World War Two in 100 phrases
Good people
When Christmas bells ring
Lights out Liverpool
Notes from the blockade, and ; A story of pity and cruelty
Mrs. Sinclair's suitcase
Hero : the life and legend of Lawrence of Arabia
The search
Britain's war machine : weapons, resources and experts in the second world war
The amazing story of Adolphus Tips
The girl from Venice
The English agent
News from Berlin
The crying game
Little red lies
When war is declared, four plucky girls from Dartford - Grace, Sally, Rose and Daisy - are keen to do their bit on the Home Front. For orphan Grace, it's a chance to start afresh. She's always has a soft spot for Sam Petrie, brother of Daisy and Rose, but realising that he is in love with their friend Sally, she puts her own feelings aside, and signs up for life as a Land Girl. Mucking out and early morning milking come as a big shock and life is harder than she expected. But Grace is nothing if not determined and though their lives will never be the same again, the four girls know they will always have each other - no matter what the war throws at them.
Time to say goodbye
The report : a novel
My French whore : a love story
My dear I wanted to tell you
Kotirintaman naiset. kausi 2 / ceated by Roland Moore
City of women
Yoko's diary : the life of a young girl in Hiroshima during WWII
In the shadow of the banyan
Life in 1940s London
Just one more day
Childhood in the shadow of war : filled with work and play
Mr Mac and me
Ivan's childhood
Chronicle in stone
Shoes for Anthony
The home front
Second violin
Foylen sota. box 2
L' administration et la gestion de crise : le cas de la guerre = Administration and crisis management : the case of wartime
A world gone mad : the diaries of Astrid Lindgren, 1939-45
Quilts from the American homefront : 121 quilt blocks inspired by letters from world war II
The camomile lawn
Blackout
Safe area Goražde : [the war in Eastern Bosnia 1992-95]
Baltimore. Volume 5 : The apostle and the witch or Harju
The munitions girls
Lovers at the Chameleon Club, Paris 1932 : a novel
War and peace in the ancient world
Children of wartime
Red Joan
The battle of Finnish independence 1939-1945 : a pictorial narration of the Finnish wars
On a wing and a prayer
The runaways
Living on the home front
Christmas on the Mersey
Trees on the cliff : a novel of Korea and two stories
Spies of the Balkans
Plutarch's staff
The 900-day siege of Leningrad (1941-44) was one of the turning points of the Second World War. It slowed down the German advance into Russia and became a national symbol of survival and resistance. An estimated one million civilians died, most of them from cold and starvation. Lydia Ginzburg, a respected literary scholar (who meanwhile wrote prose 'for the desk drawer' through seven decades of Soviet rule), survived. Using her own using notes and sketches she wrote during the siege, along with conversations and impressions collected over the years, she distilled the collective experience of life under siege.
Their promised land : my grandparents in love and war
The Book Thief & I Am the Messenger
The French promise
Tuulen viemää : 70th anniversary edition
A farewell to arms : the special edition
The legacy of Elizabeth Pringle
Berlin at war : life and death in Hitler's capital, 1939-45
Return to Fourwinds
