http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15154 ecumenics
ecumenics
There is no doubt that ecumenism occupies a prominent place in the history of the church in the twentieth century: countless churches have been renewed through encounter with Christian sisters and brothers in other confessions and cultures. But it is not clear that this ecumenical impulse will continue to figure prominently in the church's story. In this book Michael Kinnamon argues that the ecumenical movement, which has given such energy and direction to the church, needs to be reconceived in a way that provides renewing power for the church in this era; and he shows how this might happen. He names the problems with ecumenism, identifies strengths and accomplishments upon which the church now can build, and suggests practical, concrete steps we can take in the direction of revitalization, especially at the local level.
Kiev 1995 : the tenth theological discussions between the Evangelical Lutheran Church of Finland and the Russian Orthodox Church
Despite the presumption that baptism is the basic bond of unity between the churches, the path toward mutual recognition remains a long one. Here is a brief yet authoritative guide to the historical, theological, and practical issues involved. Deeply grounded in scholarship and teaching, Heller's work offers an overview of the ecumenical theological discussion on baptism: the different confessional views, Faith Order work on baptism, the historical development of the divergences, ways towards mutual recognition of baptism as they have been proposed or realised on local and regional as well as multilateral and bilateral levels. Beyond that, Heller, who has worked on the issues for nearly two decades, offers her own assessment of the prospects for and path toward Christian unity on this most basic symbol of Christian identity.
Common roots, new horizons : learning about faith from dialogue with Jews
Doctrine, dynamic and difference
The christology of the Faith and Order movement
Luther refracted : the reformer's ecumenical legacy
Re-discovering Eastern Christendom : essays in commemoration of Dom Bede Winslow
Ecumenical ecclesiology : unity, diversity and otherness in a fragmented world
The unity we have and the unity we seek : ecumenical prospects for the third millennium
Primacy in the church : the office of primate and the authority of councils. Volume 1, Historical and theological perspectives
Situation, problems and perspectives in ecumenical theology
Resolutions of the twelve Lambeth Conferences 1867-1988
The ecumenical constitution of churches
Luther Refracted speaks to the currency that Luther's life and thought continue to enjoy in today's Christian reflection. The contributors, representing a variety of Christian denominations, demonstrate Luther's lasting impact on their own traditions and, together with the Lutheran respondents, encourage a fresh understanding of the Reformer. In their at times vigorous engagement, Luther's legacy comes to light not only as variously received but also as contradicted, and transformed, only to reemerge as a fruitful leaven for further thought and transformation. All the essays presented here witness to Luther's significance as a formidable doctor ecclesiae, a teacher of the church.
The ecumenical gift exchange
The nature of doctrine : religion and theology in a postliberal age
Lappeenranta 1998 & Moscow 2002 : the eleventh and twelfth theological discussions between the Evangelical Lutheran Church of Finland and the Russian Orthodox Church
Doctoral dissertations on ecumenical themes : a guide for teachers and students
One of the most divisive issues in Western Christianity since the Reformation is the question of how humans are justified by God. In 1999, after many decades of ecumenical dialogue, Lutherans and Roman Catholics have declared that this issue of justification by faith is no longer a cause of division between them. One of the fascinating features of this Joint Declaration on the Doctrine of Justification (JDDJ) is that it expresses a differentiated consensus on justification. The method of differentiated consensus is generally regarded as an important methodological step forward in the ecumenica.
Ecumenical reception : its challenge and opportunity
Why Interfaith? : stories, reflections and challenges from recent engagaments in Northern Europe
In this authoritative volume, thirty-one of the world's leading Anglican scholars present the first sustained and thorough account of the history and ethos of the Churches of the Anglican Communion from the Anglican reform of the sixteenth century to its global witness today. Thoroughly revised, augmented, and updated, this new edition of The Study of Anglicanism offers a comprehensive interpretation of the character of Anglicanism-including its history, theology, worship, standards and practices, and its future prospects worldwide. A fascinating and unique work, it remains the one indispensable key to this rich and pluriform heritage for both the general reader and the student.
Thomas Merton : essential writings
Can a renewal movement be renewed? : questions for the future of ecumenism
Orthodox Christianity and the spirit of contemporary ecumenism
Baptism and the unity of the Church
The road to apostasy : significant essays on ecumenism
Sinappi, St. Petersburg and Siikaniemi : the 13th, 14th and 15th theological discussions between the Evangelical Lutheran Church of Finland and the Russian Orthodox Church
Twelve tales untold : a study guide for ecumenical reception
The Muslim Jesus : sayings and stories in Islamic literature
Primacy in the church : the office of primate and the authority of councils. Volume two, Contemporary and contextual perspectives
Ecumenical dialogue at Harvard : the Roman-Catholic-Protestant colloquium
" For the first time, Thomas Oden's Systematic Theology classic series (individually titled "The Living God," "The Word of Life," and "Life in the Spirit") is available in one complete volume. A renowned theologian, Oden provides a consensus view of the Christian faith, delving deeply into ancient Christian tradition and bringing to the contemporary church the best wisdom from its past. In this magisterial work, Oden tackles the central questions of Christian belief and the nature of the trinity. Written for clergy, Christian educators, religious scholars, and lay readers alike, "Classic Christianity" provides the best synthesis of the whole history of Christian thought. Part one explores the most intriguing questions of the study of God--Does God exist? Does Jesus reveal God? Is God personal, compassionate, free?--and presents answers that reflect the broad consensus culled from the breadth of the church's teachers. It is rooted deeply and deliberately in scripture but confronts the contemporary mind with the vitality of the Christian tradition. Part two addresses the perplexing Christological issues of whether God became flesh, whether God became Christ, and whether Christ is the source of salvation. Oden details the core beliefs concerning Jesus Christ that have been handed down for the last two hundred decades, namely, who he was, what he did, and what that means for us today. Part three examines how the work of God in creation and redemption is being brought to consummation by the Holy Spirit in persons, through communities, and in the fullness of human destiny. Oden's magisterial study not only treats the traditional elements of systematical theology but also highlights the foundational exegetes throughout history. Covering the ecumenical councils and early synods; the great teachers of the Eastern church tradition, including Athanasius and John Chrysostom; and the prominent Western figures such as Augustine, Ambrose, Thomas Aquinas, Martin Luther, and John Calvin, this book offers the reader the fullest understanding of the Christian faith available. "
The Groupe des Dombes : a dialogue of conversion
The concept of "Sister Churches" in Catholic-Orthodox relations since Vatican II
Church and state : common interests? : the political background of the "doctrinal negotiations" between the Evangelical-Lutheran Church of Finland and the Russian Orthodox Church
Ecumenism today : the universal church in the 21st century
Ecumenism : present realities and future prospects
Kouvola 1996 & Joensuu 1999 : the fifth and sixth theological discussions between the Evangelical Lutheran Church of Finland and the Orthodox Church of Finland
In April 2001, a significant agreement was endorsed by Orthodox and Protestant churches belonging to the Conference of European Churches (CEC) and by representatives of Catholic dioceses belonging to the Council of European Bishops' Conferences. This theological document, the "Charta Oecumenica" (in Latin, "Ecumenical Charter"), provides practical guidelines for co-operation among all the churches of Europe.
Lutherans and Catholics in dialogue. 4, Eucharist and ministry
"One teacher" : doctrinal authority in the church
Towards viable theological education : ecumenical imperative, catalyst of renewal
Christian community now : ecclesiological investigations
The Leuenberg Agreement and Lutheran-Reformed relationships : evaluations by North American and European theologians
The truth shall make you free : the Lambeth Conference 1988 : reports, resolutions & pastoral letters from bishops
Unbaptized God : the basic flaw in ecumenical theology
Church of Churches : the ecclesiology of communion
Charta Oecumenica : a text, a process, and a dream of the churches in Europe
Lutherans and Catholics in dialogue I-III
Paths to unity : explorations in ecumenical method
Receiving "The nature and mission of the church" : ecclesial reality and ecumenical horizons for the twenty-first century
The church-idea : an essay towards unity
Panheresy of ecumenism
Introduction to ecumenism
Church unity and papal office : an ecumenical dialogue on John Paul II's encyclical Ut unum sint (That all may be one)
From federation to communion : a history of the Lutheran World Federation
Cracks in the walls : essays on spirituality, ecumenicity and ethics : Festschrift for Anna Marie Aagaard on the occasion of her 70th birthday
Järvenpää 1992 : the ninth theological discussions between the Evangelical Lutheran Church of Finland and the Russian Orthodox Church
Unity in the triune God : trinitarian theology in the full-communion agreements of the Evangelical Lutheran Church in America
Classic Christianity : a systematic theology
Christian ethics : a historical introduction
Together in mission and ministry : papers presented in October 2008 in Åkersberg, Höör, Sweden : Porvoo Research Network
BEM at 25 : critical insights into a continuing legacy
Towards an ecumenical paradigm for Christian mission : David Bosch's missionary vision
Systematic theology and climate change : ecumenical perspectives
Wesley, Aquinas, and christian perfection : an ecumenical dialogue
Church and religious 'other'
Scripture and ecumenism : Protestant, Catholic, Orthodox and Jewish
John Calvin's ecclesiology : ecumenical perspectives
Baptized into Christ : a guide to the ecumenical discussion on baptism
Fides Christi : the justification debate
Hope in the ecumenical spirit : the publication on the ecumenical seminar and on the occasion of the 50th birthday = Toivo on ilon sisar : 50-vuotisjuhlajulkaisu
Ecumenism and hermeneutics : findings of the VIIIth Consultation of Societas Oecumenica, Association of Ecumenical Institutes in Europe, Driebergen, 25-31 August 1994
Receptive ecumenism and the call to Catholic learning : exploring a way for contemporary ecumenism
The church in a postliberal age
Partakers of the divine nature : the history and development of deification in the Christian traditions
The study of Anglicanism
Father Georges Florovsky on ecumenism
The Eucharist : sacrament of unity : an occasional paper of the House of Bishops of the Church of England
Reshaping ecumenical theology : the Church made whole?
