http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15180 professional literature
professional literature
Summer's Dream
The firework-maker's daughter
Children's literature in translation : challenges and strategies
The Bone Seeker
Millers' tales : the construction of a professional identity in early modern texts
The ultimate business library : [50 books that made management]
Rebel voices : an IWW anthology
Fantasies of the new class : ideologies of professionalism in post-World War II American fiction
English gilds : the original ordinances of more than one hundred early English gilds : Together with þe olde vsages of þe cite of Wynchestre; the Ordinances of Worcester; the Office of the mayor of Bristol; and the Costomary of the manor of Tettenhall-Regis : from original MSS. of the fourteenth and fifteenth centuries
Businesswomen, dabblers, revivalists or conmen? : representation of selling and salespeople within academic, network marketing practitioner and media discourses
The crafte of lymmyng and the maner of steynyng : middle English recipes for painters, stainers, scribes, and illuminators
In the language of the mother : re-storying the relational moral in teachers' stories
White heat
Conceptions of culture : what multicultural educators need to know
Lost in translation : mapping out the challenges of translating Finnish literature into English
For the win
The emergence of Finnish book and reading culture in the 1700s
Boy soldier
Virginia Woolf : becoming a writer
Books for keeps : Helsinki
Finnish summary.
Work and play on the Shakespearean stage
Meherad = When I grow up I want to be
The passion of teaching : dispositions in the schools
On translating agricultural text
Daring to dream
Men's work : gender, class, and the professionalization of poetry, 1660-1784
Businesswomen, dabblers, revivalists or conmen? : representation of selling and salespeople within academic network marketing practitioner and media discourses
"No one has harder balls than you, Lieutenant." : Constructing the identity of Eve Dallas in J. D. Robb's In death series
Agents of translation
Modes of medical instruction : a semiotic comparison of textbooks of medicine and popular home medical books
Sally gets a job
The labors of modernism : domesticity, servants, and authorship in modernist fiction
Representing the professions : administration, law, and theater in early modern England
This volume contains a collection of new editions of all the known fourteenth- and fifteenth-century Middle English technical recipes for painters, strainers, scribes, illuminators, and dyers, written c. 1300-1500. Most are previously unpublished and many are previously unknown. The collection contains 125 sets of recipes (around 1500 individual recipes), taken from 95 manuscripts, and forms the largest published corpus of such recipes in any language. These anonymous craft recipes describe the preparation of materials, outline their uses, advise on decorative effects, and confide tricks of the trade. In addition to recipes for conventional painting and illuminating are a number for 'staining' (figurative painting on cloth) which provide the only practical information on this one widely-practised, but now lost, English medium. The editor also identifies for the first time the earliest surviving recipes for block printing on textiles. The recipes are professional in origin, but were subsequently taken over by amateurs and encyclopaedists. Household recipes for colouring wax, fishing lines, hair, and food complete the collection. Most of the texts were originally composed in English; few are translated from pre-existing material. They are a valuable record of Middle English technical vocabulary, much of it previously unrecorded. The collection should appeal to a wide range of disciplines: students of medieval English, medieval historians, historians of fine art, and professional conservators, including those engaged in museum studies.
Books from Finland : Helsinki
Two sides of the coin
Just the job for dad
Tiimiakatemia book of books : literature recommendations for team entrepreneurs, team leaders and team coaches
Folk groups and folklore genres : a reader
The formation of the Victorian literary profession
Richard Scarryn touhukkaat tarinat
Cross-words : issues and debates in literary and non-literary translating
Summaries.
What shall I be?
The language of drama
Changes in meanings of teacherhood among Finnish nurse teachers : a substantive theory of nurse teacherhood
Proceedings of the XVII World Congress : 4.-7.8. 2005 Tampere, Finland
These happy golden years
Styles and registres in contemporary French : passages for analysis
Encountering the New Woman : feminist rebellion and literature
The professionalization of women writers in eighteenth-century Britain
Authorship revisited : conceptions of authorship around 1900 and 2000
La traduction : des idées nouvelles pour un siècle nouveau : actes du XVIe Congrès de la FIT, Vancouver, C.-B., Canada, 7-10 août 2002 = Translation : new ideas for a new century : proceedings of the XVI FIT World Congress, Vancouver, B.C., Canada, 7-10 August, 2002.
Novel professions : interested disinterest and the making of the professional in the Victorian novel
The elements of effective student nurse mentorship in placement learning environments : systematic review and Finnish and British mentors' conceptions
Jack the carpenter and his friends
