http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15155 urban ecology
urban ecology
Cities for a small planet
Ecological urbanism : the nature of the city
Managing urban futures : sustainability and urban growth in developing countries
Voices in the street : explorations in gender, media, and public space
Economic valuation of ecosystem services provided by urban green spaces in terms of stormwater quantity management
Rain forest in the city : Bukit Timah Nature Reserve, Singapore
Making greener cities : a practical guide
When the author, a Columbia professor, set out to solve America's food, water, and energy crises, he didn't just think big, he thought up. His stroke of genius, the vertical farm, has excited scientists, architects, and politicians around the globe. These multi-story intensely managed indoor farms, grown inside skyscrapers, are capable of producing traditional greenhouse crops, as well as pigs and fowl, year-round. They would provide solutions to many of the serious problems the world is facing.
Environment as an issue in a Russian town
The people, place, and space reader
Urban ecology
Living with climate change : how communities are surviving and thriving in a changing climate
Socially restorative urbanism : the theory, process and practice of Experiemics
The sustainable urban development : reader
Reigning the river : urban ecologies and political transformation in Kathmandu
Cities are sites of multiple meanings and symbols, ranging from statues and street names to festivals and architecture. Sometimes the symbolic side of urbanism is so strong that it outshines reality - then we speak of hypercity. Urban symbolic ecology and hypercity studies are relatively new fields that deal with the production, distribution and consumption of symbols and meanings in urban space, timely concerns in an era of increasing globalization and competition between mega-urban regions. This volume, which presents a detailed introduction to the new fields, followed by case studies of the cultural layer of symbolism in Brussels (Belgium), Cape Town (South Africa), Cuenca (Ecuador), Delft (The Netherlands), Kingston (Jamaica), Ljubljana (Slovenia), Paris (France) and cities in Italy and Indonesia, amply demonstrates that the time has come for urban symbolic ecology and hypercity studies to be included in regular urban studies training in the fields of anthropology, sociology and architecture.
Urban carnivores : ecology, conflict, and conservation
City project and public space
Sustainable urban environments : an ecosystem approach
How green is your city?
Perspectives in urban ecology : proceedings of the Symposium on Perspectives in Urban Ecology, Denver Museum of Natural History, 1990
Cities in competition : productive and sustainable cities for the 21st century
A timely and important collection, The Natural City explores how to integrate the natural environment into healthy urban centres from philosophical, religious, socio-political, and planning perspectives. Recognizing the need to better link the humanities with public policy, The Natural City offers unique insights for the development of an alternative vision of urban life."
Cities and natural process
Shock cities : the environmental transformation and reform of Manchester and Chicago
Urbanization without cities : the rise and decline of citizenship
Gendering the city : women, boundaries and visions of urban life
Visions of sustainability : cities and regions
Ecopolis : conceptual, methodological and practical implementations of urban ecology
Field notes from a hidden city
"The multi-disciplinary perspective provided here offers a strategic view on built environment issues and improve understanding of how built environment activities potentially induce global warming and climate change. It also highlights solutions to these challenges. Solutions to Climate change Challenges in the Built Environment helps develop an appreciation of the diverse themes of the climate change debate across the built environment continuum. A wide perspective is provided through contributions from physical, environmental, social, economic and political scientists. This strategic view on built environment issues will be useful to researchers as well as policy experts and construction practitioners wanting a holistic view. This book clarifies complex issues around climate change and follows five main themes: climate change experiences; urban landscape development; urban management issues; measurement of impact; and the future. Chapters are written by eminent specialists from both academic and professional backgrounds. The main context for chapters is the developed world but the discussion is widened to incorporate regional issues. The book will be valuable to researchers and students in all the built environment disciplines, as well as to practitioners involved with the design, construction and maintenance of buildings, and government organisations developing and implementing climate change policy"--
Urban sustainability in theory and practice : circles of sustainability
Ecological networks and greenways : concept, design, implementation
Design professors detail a new ecodesign framework that integrates urban design with environmental conservation to make cities more desirable, low-carbon, transit-oriented communities. Jonathan Barnett and Larry Beasley seek to demonstrate that a sustainable built and natural environment can be achieved through ecodesign, which integrates the practice of planning and urban design with environmental conservation, through normal business practices and the kinds of capital programmes and regulations already in use in most communities. In six comprehensively illustrated chapters, the authors explain ecodesign concepts, including the importance of preserving and restoring natural systems while also adapting to climate change; minimizing congestion on highways and at airports by making development more compact, and by making it easier to walk, cycle, and take trains and mass transit; crafting and managing regulations to ensure better place making and fulfill consumer preferences while incentivizing preferred practices; creating an inviting and environmentally responsible public realm from parks to streets to forgotten spaces; and finally, how to implement these ecodesign concepts.
Everyday environmentalism : creating an urban political ecology
Urban ecosystems : response to disturbances, resilience and ecological memory
Urban nature conservation : landscape management in the urban countryside
Urban regeneration in Europe
Urban wildlife management
Urban place : reconnecting with the natural world
The skycourt and skygarden : greening the urban habitat
Urban woodland ecology : methodological perspectives and empirical studies
"Cities are home to the most consequential current attempts at human adaptation and they provide one possible focus for the flourishing of life on this planet. However, for this to be realized in more than an ad hoc way, a substantial rethinking of current approaches and practices needs to occur. Urban Sustainability in Theory and Practice responds to the crises of sustainability in the world today by going back to basics. It makes four major contributions to thinking about and acting upon cities. It provides a means of reflexivity learning about urban sustainability in the process of working practically for positive social development and projected change. It challenges the usually taken-for-granted nature of sustainability practices while providing tools for modifying those practices. It emphasizes the necessity of a holistic and integrated understanding of urban life. Finally it rewrites existing dominant understandings of the social whole such as the triple-bottom line approach that reduce environmental questions to externalities and social questions to background issues. The book is a much-needed practical and conceptual guide for rethinking urban engagement.Covering the full range of sustainability domains and bridging discourses aimed at academics and practitioners, this is an essential read for all those studying, researching and working in urban geography, sustainability assessment, urban planning, urban sociology and politics, sustainable development and environmental studies"--
Cities and nature
The city : critical concepts in the social sciences. Vol. 4, Society and politics in the Western city
Changing Chinese cities : the potentials of field urbanism
Designing the city : towards a more sustainable urban form
Greening the city : urban landscapes in the twentieth century
Designing sustainable cities
The effects of recreation on understorey vegetation : a case study with methodological implications
City ubiquitous : place, communication, and the rise of omnitopia
Sprawl city : race, politics, and planning in Atlanta
Spaces in-between : cultural and political perspectives on environmental discourse
Ecology of the city of Sofia : species and communities in an urban environment
The city : an urban cosmology
This volume challenges the imagery of cities by looking through a gendered lens at how women utilize urban space. Focusing on the conceptual and methodological manner of boundaries, the book reminds us that women are members of multiple and diverse groups and as such, they can be active, creative, and powerful agents. Multidisciplinary essays, contributed by urbanists, geographers, political scientists, and historians, explore the ways in which women confront, break down, resist, and form new boundaries and interconnections, both visible and invisible. Arguing for a change in the traditional agenda of cities, the authors investigate how aspects of urban life and space would look considerably different if the alternatives and options presented by women and other marginalized groups were taken into account. They urge us toward a better understanding of how diverse social groups interact, how urban space can enhance such interaction, and what role formal and informal laws, by-laws, policies, and other planning measures should play.
"When Richard Reynolds began gardening secretly outside his council block in south London, he had no idea he was part of a global movement committed to combating the urban forces of litter, pollution, vandalism and, worst of all, apathy about public spaces. At first Reynolds was content to work alone, recording his experiences on his weblog." "The council "responsible" for the spaces took no interest, not even when Reynolds entered one of his plots for the Southwark in Bloom competition. But word of his nocturnal endeavours quickly spread, as guerrilla gardeners from all over the globe wrote to Reynolds with their tips for making seed bombs, planting grime-resistant flowers and avoiding arrest, and donating plants of their own - such as the eight-foot Christmas tree that now stands proud on a roundabout near Elephant and Castle." "On Guerrilla Gardening is his manifesto, a call to arms that charts the revolutionary history of guerrilla gardening from its roots in 1970s Manhattan, and proffers advice on tactics, equipment and recruitment. It is also a manual for a very particular form of gardening, whose "weeds" are crisp packets and whose "wildlife" is drunks. This is a book for all would-be activists, green-fingered or otherwise, who believe we should seize control of our shared environment - and start cherishing it once and for all."
World and European sustainable cities : insights from EU research
The city : critical concepts in the social sciences. Vol. 3, Economic structure and change in Western city
Mortality of urban pines in Helsinki explored using tree rings and climate records
Green infrastructure for sustainable urban development in Africa
Proceedings SUSDEV-CHINA Symposium : sustainable agroecosystem management and development of rural-urban interaction in regions and cities of China
Possible urban worlds : urban strategies at the end of the 20th century
Ecopolis : strategies for ecologically sound urban development
Ecopolis : architecture and cities for a changing climate
Cities, people, planet : liveable cities for a sustainable world
Sustainable Stockholm : exploring urban sustainability in Europe's greenest city
The nature of cities : ecocriticism and urban environments
Viikin ekologinen koerakentamisalue = The experimental building area of Viikki
Abstract: The eco-city: from abstract models to practice.
Human communities : the city and human ecology
The city : critical concepts in the social sciences. Vol. 5, Cities in the Third World
Hypercity : the symbolic side of urbanism
City fights : debates on urban sustainability
Urban ecological development : research and application
Principles for nature conservation in towns and cities
High urban population density of birds reflects their timing of urbanization
Absent environments : theorising environmental law and the city
Deconstruction/construction : the Cheonggyecheon Restoration Project in Seoul
Using hierarchical levels for urban ecology
Environmental problems and policies in growing urban areas: a multidisciplinary approach
"This book responds to the crises of sustainability in the world today by going back to basics. It makes four major contributions to thinking about and acting upon cities. It provides a means of reflexivity learning about urban sustainability in the process of working practically for positive social development and projected change. It challenges the usually taken-for-granted nature of sustainability practices while providing tools for modifying those practices. It emphasizes the necessity of a holistic and integrated understanding of urban life. Finally it rewrites existing dominant understandings of the social whole such as the triple-bottom line approach that reduce environmental questions to externalities and social questions to background issues. The book is a practical and conceptual guide for rethinking urban engagement"--
The urban imperative : urban outreach strategies for protected area agencies : how those responsible for protected areas can better serve people in large cities and build stronger urban constituencies for nature conservation : proceedings of a workshop at the Fifth IUCN World Parks Congress, Durban, South Africa, 8-17 September 2003
On guerrilla gardening : a handbook for gardening without boundaries
Abstract: The ecological city - from conflict to communication.
Cities and natural process : a basis for sustainability
Biodiversity and green infrastructure in urban landscapes
Restoring streams in cities : a guide for planners, policy makers, and citizens
Urbanization and sustainability : linking urban ecology, environmental justice and global environmental change
The natural city : re-envisioning the built environment
The city : critical concepts in the social sciences. Vol. 2, Land use, structure and change in the Western city
Emerald city : an environmental history of Seattle
Ecology in city planning
City ecology and culture in Senegal
Nature in towns and citites
The ecological city and urban planning
The vertical farm : feeding the world in the 21st century
Urban structural dynamics in the city of Turku, Finland
Not since Richard Fitter’s landmark publication in 1945, ‘London’s Natural History’ – volume 3 in the New Naturalist series – has there been a comprehensive guide to urban natural history. Since then there have been major advances in the conservation of nature in our towns and cities, and there is even more to say about how animals and plants have adapted, in varying degrees, to urbanisation. But this is not merely an exploration of natural history within the urban environment – David Goode uses his knowledge of urban ecology to describe the range of habitats and species which exist within urban areas, and shows how our understanding is being applied to encourage a greater variety of nature into towns and cities. He illustrates how an ecological approach can be incorporated within planning and design to create a range of habitats from tiny oases to extensive new urban woodland and wetlands.Nature in towns and citites / David Goode.
Přirozená vegetace území hlavního města Prahy a její rekonstrukční mapa = Natural vegetation of the territory of the capital city Prague and its reconstruction map
Macrofungi in fire alleys in old quarters of Nurmes, Eastern Finland
Urban forests : ecosystem services and management
The next american metropolis : ecology, community, and the american dream
The city : critical concepts in the social sciences. Vol. 1, The city in global context
Solutions to climate change challenges in the built environment
"Urban and natural environments are often viewed as entirely separate entities -- human settlements as the domain of architects and planners, and natural areas as untouched wilderness. This dichotomy continues to drive decision-making in subtle ways, but with the mounting pressures of global climate change and declining biodiversity, it is no longer viable. New technologies are promising to provide renewable energy sources and greener designs, but real change will require a deeper shift in values, attitudes, and perceptions.
Paradise lost : rationality, freedom and ecology in the city
Urban ecosystem services at the plant-soil interface
This publication assesses the effectiveness of urban planning as a tool for dealing with the unprecedented challenges facing 21st-century cities and for enhancing sustainable urbanization.There is now a realization that, in many parts of the world, urban planning systems have changed very little and are often contributors to urban problems rather than functioning as tools for human and environmental improvement. Against this background, the global report's central argument is that, in most parts of the world, current approaches to planning must change and that a new role for urban planning in sustainable urban development has to be found.--Publisher's description.
Planning sustainable cities : policy directions : global report on human settlements 2009
High density of bird and pest species in urban habitats and the role of predator abundance
Actions for the 2010 biodiversity target in Europe : how does research contribute to halting biodiversity loss? : short report of an electronic conference, October 2006
Urban ecosystem ecology
Nature in cities : the natural environment in the design and development of urban green space
Plants and habitats of European cities
Urban ecology : science of cities
Ecologically based municipal land use planning
The ecological city and the city effect : essays on the urban planning requirements for the sustainable city
Nature all around us : a guide to urban ecology
Abstract: Ecological city utopias - a telescope to the future?.
Institutional and social innovation for sustainable urban development
Practical conservation : urban habitats
Cities for smart environmental and energy futures : impacts on architecture and technology
Advances in urban ecology : integrating humans and ecological processes in urban ecosystems
Ecodesign for cities and suburbs
Nature conservation in towns and cities : a framework for action
Urban bird ecology and conservation
Scaling urban environmental challenges : from local to global and back
Wildlife conservation in metropolitan environments : proceedings of a National Symposium on Urban Wildlife, 11-14 November 1990, Cedar Rapids, Iowa
Planning sustainable cities : global report on human settlements 2009
Ecology in a multidisciplinary study of urban green space: the URGE project
Ecology and conservation of birds in urban environments
Use of ecological information in urban planning
Urban ecology as the basis of urban planning
"This is the urban century in which, for the first time, the majority of people live in towns and cities. Understanding how people influence, and are influenced by, the 'green' component of these environments is therefore of enormous significance. Providing an overview of the essentials of urban ecology, the book begins by covering the vital background concepts of the urbanisation process and the effect that it can have on ecosystem functions and services. Later sections are devoted to examining how species respond to urbanisation, the many facets of human-ecology interactions, and the issues surrounding urban planning and the provision of urban green spaces. Drawing on examples from urban settlements around the world, it highlights the progress to date in this burgeoning field, as well as the challenges that lie ahead"--
Social ecology after Bookchin
The natural step for communities : how cities and towns can change to sustainable practices
Animal cities : beastly urban histories
Metropolitan and regional social ecology of Helsinki
Birds in London
Urban ecosystems : ecological principles for the built environment
Patterns of quality : The distribution of urban services among the residents of the city of Villahermosa
Urban ecology : plants and plant communities in urban environments
Dead cities, and other tales
Encouraging nature in urban public parks : the consequences of adopting a more ecological approach to design and maintenance
Applied urban ecology : a global framework
Global macroecology of bird assemblages in urbanized and semi-natural ecosystems
My backyard jungle : the adventures of an urban wildlife lover who turned his yard into habitat and learned to live with it
