http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15152 online advertising
online advertising
"How retailers can create an effective strategy for using social media and mobility. Written in a blog format to help retailers experience interactive dialog in this rapidly growing communication vehicle, this book will create awareness of social networking and mobile technologies and the significant impact these channels are already having on retailers. Provides specific examples of social media and mobility business applications. Explains why companies need to act now. Describes the analytical tools necessary to make informed decisions on the data  Demonstrates how to use social media to leverage brand equity across the entire business.  Presents a process for building a comprehensive strategy and action plan. Explaining why retailers must become part of revolutionary social media tools, this book shows how to use the data gathered and how to create a strategy to implement a social media plan."--
Marketing communication plan for Tmi Jukka Vainio
Music business is going through dramatic changes as Internet has evolved into more social and instant place. People demand a lot more from music and are more aware of what happens in the music industry. They want to get instant access to music and they are not willing to spend a lot of money on CDs. Also bands are more willing to try to succeed on their own without any help from record labels, because Internet and social media have made it easier for them. The change has also influenced strongly on record labels. Major record labels have started to loose their profit from CDs and many famous artists have left the majors and try to manage on their own. Finnish market is still dominated by major record labels which have put pressure on independent record labels to expand their operations abroad for better income. Many independent record labels have small financial resources and in order to expand to the foreign market they need to find cost effective ways to do that. Viral marketing via Internet is a very effective channel which doesn't require big budget. This thesis focus on a company HoneyBaby Records, and on the independent record labels in general. Methods of Internet marketing are investigated as they are essential for a record label which tries to generate profit and get awareness in an international market with a low budget. Opinions of regular consumers of music about music business and the meaning of record labels were inquired in order to find out a general conception about the state of music industry today. This thesis reveals that some good and effective ways for an independent record label to expand its operation into international market are using social media for creation of contacts, cooperation with foreign bars, clubs and studios and appealing to foreign bands and artist to get them to sign contracts.
Marketing strategy success and failure factors of German online start-ups
Developments and challenges faced by Internet marketing
Social media marketing
Inbound marketing : get found using Google, social media, and blogs
Part history, part guidebook, part prediction for the future, this book tells the story of the companies, individuals, and innovations driving this revolution. It takes readers behind the scenes - examining the growth of digital advertising, its enormous potential, and the technologies that are changing the game forever
Leveraging social networking services on multipurpose public displays
Always be testing : the complete guide to Google Website Optimizer
How is value created in affiliate marketing
Web marketing that works : confessions from the marketing trenches
The truth about Facebook : how to use Facebook for marketing and advertising, and much more : the facts you should know
Click here : make the internet work for your business
""Anyone interested in the evolution of consumer behavior and the adoption of new technologies will appreciate the clarity of Martin's prose and the breadth of his vision."--Publishers Weekly"Marketing is ever-changing and The Third Screen mirrors the future of marketing. If you are new to mobile, this book makes sure you get it right!"--Jeffrey Hayzlett, best-selling author of The Mirror Test"Chuck Martin has more than all the facts. He has the soul of the idea. The Third Screen is thoughtful and valuable."--Chris Brogan, president, Human Business Works, co-author of Trust AgentsIn this fully updated new edition, Chuck Martin updates his essential marketing handbook for a rapidly evolving mobile marketplace. With more than one in every five people owning a smart phone or tablet worldwide, companies that fail to market to their ecommerce customers will be left behind. The book covers mobile video, SMS (text) messaging, location-based marketing, advertising and media, and inbound marketing and offers insightful case studies of top companies who are using these new platforms successfully.Chuck Martin is director of the Center for Media Research at MediaPost Communications, a research firm that analyzes the intentions of media buyers and planners. He is also CEO of Mobile Future Institute, a US-based think tank focused on marketing tactics for a world gone mobile. Martin is the author of eight business books, including the New York Times business bestseller The Digital Estate. He has appeared on CNN, CNBC, Fox, and ABC-TV News Now. "--
Cost saving possibilities in digital marketing : case: Simple Nokia Asset Creator
The everything guide to network marketing : a step-by-step plan for multilevel marketing success
Facebook marketing for dummies
How to make Finnish products and services more popular among Russian customers : the analysis of the existing digital advertising campaigns of Finnish companies in Russia
""A crash course in making mobile work. The Impulse Economy is a must read" (Shelly Palmer, NBC Universal host, leading author and blogger on digital media).We live in a world where our mobile devices have become extensions of ourselves. We depend upon them for instant connections to entertainment, social media, news, and shopping deals. What can a business do to maximize the mobile buying power of the new impulse consumer? Gary Schwartz, a pioneer in mobile technology and marketing who has spent his career working with businesses to answer these questions, has written a groundbreaking book that outlines the history of the mobile industry and shows just how businesses can build up their mobile platforms to maximize online sales.But The Impulse Economy isn't just a book for businesses--it's also an eye-opening look into the ways our economy is changing every second of every day. Like Blink or The Tipping Point, the author looks at a phenomenon that's changing the way people behave and analyzing its roots and its causes. Anyone interested in the ways our behavior as shoppers is changing--and what we can do to better harness this opportunity--will find this book to be essential reading"--
Local online advertising for dummies
User experiences and future conceptions about online marketing
Search Engine Marketing, Inc : driving search traffic to your company's Web site
Social media marketing in tourism and hospitality
Click power : drive more traffic, leads, and sales
Contemporary research in e-marketing. Volume 1
Principles of advertising : a global perspective
The McGraw-Hill 36-hour course : online marketing
Abstract: The Analysis of Global Tourism Boards' Chinese Websites.
The Role of Internet in Marketing Premiering Movies
One Show interactive. volume 15
The representation of Sámi people on Finnish and Norwegian tourism websites in English
Actionplan for Tracker Oy's internet banner marketing
The viral video manifesto : why everything you know is wrong and how to do what really works
Display advertising : an hour a day
The Analysis of Global Tourism Boards' Chinese Website
E-commerce in regional small to medium enterprises
Entrepreneur magazine's ultimate guide to Google AdWords : how to access 100 million people in 10 minutes
Electronic commerce in practice : the world business agenda for electronic commerce
Branded! : how retailers engage consumers with social media and mobility
The main objective of this study was to get an overview of the challenges faced by travel-related companies in integrating the Internet with their existing marketing methods. Addi-tional aims included the strategies used in Internet-based marketing communications and the strengths and weaknesses of these communication tools. The study set out to answer the following three questions: What are the biggest challenges of marketing communication on the Internet? What are the most important Internet-based marketing communication methods?  What are the advantages and disadvantages of using the Internet as a marketing communications channel? The key concepts forming the basis for the digital economy, digital marketing and Internet-based marketing communications are reviewed. Qualitative research methods were employed, and interviews were used to collect the data. Four large- to middle-size travel related companies were included. The data analysis employed descriptive methods. Participating companies was sought in February 2009, with the data collected during March and April 2009.     The study shows that travel-related companies successfully employ well-established methods of Internet-based marketing communications. Considerable breath and depth of expertise in tackling the challenges posed by the new and constantly evolving forms of marketing communications was revealed. Some companies clearly appear to be making headway - even judging by the present-day international standards - into new ways of utilising Internet-based technologies in marketing communications.
Persuasive Digital Advertising in Online Advertisement : Case Company: MarkPrint Oy
Attention to advertising
Foundation Flash CS5 for designers
Facebook marketing : all in one for dummies
User generated branding : integratinguser generated content into brand management
Do-it-yourself promotion ideas and methods for rock bands
The environment in marketing communications of any business is constantly changing and developing. New technological advancements, globalization, the Internet and others communication channels open new paths for business marketers. Consumer marketing has many opportunities to reach audience via media for example. In business-to-business marketing the rules are quite different and noise surrounding the messaging is difficult to recognize and block. Company X provides industrial and municipal solutions in both domestic and global markets. There are varieties of communications strategies available which is why I saw this as an opportunity to learn about something that is very current and valuable for the company. Though the company has many successful strategies already existing, I wanted to come up with some new ideas. Web Medias are the trendiest channels in current business and knowledge on that are is quite narrow. This is why the main focus in this thesis surrounds the web environment. The future IMC implementations of Company X are also discussed. The literature review is collected from web sources that tend to be more up to date and books provided by local libratory and online archives. Also, a research case study was conducted in order to evaluate the current online visibility of the company.
Successful social media marketing in a week : teach yourself
Flash Professional CS5 digital classroom
Developing Online Promotion Mix For Mobile Application
Codes of ethics in the age of sponsored content
Webworks : E-commerce
The role of Internet in marketing premiering movies
The Best magazine design : photography, illustration, infographics & digital
Hands-on guide to creating Flash advertising
Pierce the fog of mobile service and advertising adoption
XML-based integration with XAware : unifying applications and data in todayś e-business world
As legions of businesses scramble to set up virtual-shop, we face an unprecedented level of competition to win over and keep new customers online. At the forefront of this battleground is your ability to connect with your customers, nurture your relationships and understand the psychology behind what makes them click. In this book The Web Psychologist, Nathalie Nahai, expertly draws from the worlds of psychology, neuroscience and behavioural economics to bring you the latest developments, cutting edge techniques and fascinating insights that will lead to online success. Webs of Influence delivers the tools you need to develop a compelling, influential and profitable online strategy which will catapult your business to the next level - with dazzling results.
Optimize : how to attract and engage more customers by integrating SEO, social media, and content marketing
Click here to order : stories of the world's most successful internet marketing entrepreneurs
Social Commerce : the underlying trend of social commerce
101 ways to promote your web site : filled with proven Internet marketing tips, tools, techniques, and resources to increase your web site traffic
The definitive guide to Google adwords : create versatile and powerful marketing and advertising campaigns
Marketing in social media: the Facebook phenomenon
"From a pioneer in mobile technology and marketing, a guide to navigating and harnessing the mobile economy to drive and increase impulse shopping habits among buyers everywhere"--
Information and communication technologies in tourism 2006 : proceedings of the international conference in Lausanne, Switzerland, 2006
Kids and branding in a digital world
Social media branding provides the thinking, evidence, and practice to create a road map for practitioners in small businesses to develop and implement their brand in online and offline communities. It provides a start point because one of the biggest issues for small businesses is where to start. I have talked to so many business practitioners who don't like the idea of social media. Often, they say: "We can't do that because of the legal implications!" Or, "We will have to employ more people and we don't have the resources."
101 video marketing tips and strategies from small businesses
Framework for advertising inventory optimization for a Finnish online publisher
Get to #1 on Google
ROI of social media : how to improve the return on your social marketing investment
SimplySeven : seven ways to create a sustainable Internet business
3G marketing on the Internet : third generation Internet marketing strategies for online success
Marketing : E-commerce basics (European edition)
I'm with the brand : the secret dialogue between what we buy and who we are
Inbound marketing : attract, engage, and delight customers online
Increase your web traffic in a weekend
Advertising to women through the internet : a comparative multimodal study between finnish and english
Traditional ways of marketing TV, Radio and Newspapers can be expensive for small businesses purposes. Internet has opened channels of marketing which provides communication possibilities with world wide access that are inexpensive for small businesses. In the internet marketing even small business can be global and competitive with bigger competitors in same business area. The purpose of this thesis is to research internet marketing and internet marketing channels for small business purposes. There are six media communication channels: Search engine marketing, Online public relations, On-line partnership, Viral marketing, Opt in e-mail, and Interactive ads. To understand better how internet marketing and internet marketing channels can build traffic for company webpage, which is company's representative online, there is a case study of Spanish company Travel Work in this thesis. Purpose of the case study is to find out what would be the best communication channels for future internet marketing plan for this company.  Theoretical part of the thesis studies the Internet marketing, marketing mix and internet marketing channels the research method is qualitative. The case study of Travel Work company is case study method, where the researcher was in perspective of outsider and didn't try to find the universal truth, but tried to draw a conclusion of the subject: what are the best suitable internet marketing channels for Travel Work. With the theoretical part and case study of the company thesis was able to identify seven internet marketing channels for case study company to use. These seven internet marketing channels are 1. search engine optimization (SEO), 2. communication with media, 3. link-building and generating editorials, 4. blog and RSS-feed, 5. brand protection, 6. co-branding, 7.generating media mentions. From these identified internet marketing channels case company can develop further internet marketing campaigns.
eYou guide : to your rights online
A Farewell to Ads?  : On the conflicts between online advertisements and adblockers
Start your own blogging business : generate income from advertisers, subscribers, merchandising, and more
Effective e-mail marketing : the complete guide to creating successful campaigns
The online advertising playbook : proven strategies and tested tactics from The Advertising Research Foundation
Great brand blunders : the worst marketing and social media meltdowns of all time ... and how to avoid your own
Reasons behind the usage of online ad blocking tools
Kellogg on advertising and media
Personalisation in mobile advertising systems
Marketing for tourism, hospitality & events : a global & digital approach
Digital advertising : past, present and future
Impact of humor and gender in e-mail marketing : case DefShop GmbH
Optimising e-brand profitability : launching, growing and protecting your brand online
Crypto : how the code rebels beat the government - saving privacy in the digital age
Understanding digital marketing : marketing strategies for engaging the digital generation
Advanced Google AdWords
Think before you engage : 100 questions to ask before starting a social media marketing campaign
Internationalization of an independent record label using internet marketing as a tool : case company: HoneyBaby Records
Gender role portrayals in advertising in relation to Hofstede's masculinity/feminity dimension of culture : a cross-cultural comparison of web advertisements in the Czech Republic and Slovakia
e-Business in local SMEs in Tampere Region : Case: eYrityspalvelu and Internet marketing-course participants
Online Promotion of E-Commerce in China.Case Company:Taobao
Entering the German Market - Case Study Barisma Oy
Pioneers of digital : success stories from leaders in advertising, marketing, search, and social media
Marketing in the moment : the digital marketing guide to generating more sales and reaching your customers first
International Marketing plan for Sorvi Team Oy Limited: A case study of Garage Countdown
Facebook marketing all-in-one for dummies
Strategic copywriting : how to create effective advertising
Key enablers for user-centric advertising across next generation networks
Internet marketing start to finish
Content is king : writing and editing online
AdWords for dummies
What makes people click : advertising on the Web
Entrepreneur Magazine's ultimate guide to pay-per-click advertising
Integrated marketing communications emphasizing future marketing communications solution : company X case study
The impulse economy : understanding mobile shoppers and what makes them buy
ICC guidelines on marketing and advertising using electronic media
Web advertising : new forms of communication on the Internet
E-Commerce, today’s fastest growing business: the main impulses and how to stabilize them.
Facebook advertising for dummies
The boomer's ultimate guide to social media marketing : learn how to navigate the digital highway
Social media branding for small business : the 5-sources model : a manifesto for your branding revolution
"How can we use this new social media channel most effectively to drive more revenue, profit, brand and share at highest ROI and least risk?" --The concepts in this book can be applied to any social marketing channel and any combination of traditional and social media. --ROI of Social Media is truly global in nature presenting case studies from around the world including Dell (Europe), Comcast (North America), Guinness Anchor Berhad (Malaysia) and Microsoft Asia Pacific. With this range of case studies, the reader will be able to apply these concepts to their business whether they are based in New York, Shanghai, London or Sydney. --The book presents with an 8-step process to strategize, develop, implement and measure an effective social marketing strategy. -- Book Jacket.
Creating web pages for dummies®
Marketing your business
Pull effect in online advertising : what drives consumers to view ads online
Entrepreneur magazine's ultimate guide to facebook advertising
Highly clickable web banner ads for customers of Advertising Media Finland OY
Advertising and new media
Electronic commerce : principles and practice
Abstract: The Analysis of Global Tourism Boards' Chinese Websites
This Bachelor's thesis project was conducted for DefShop GmbH. In accordance to the commissioner's interests towards customization of their e-mail newsletter service, a test campaign was administered in order to detect possible differences in the clicking behavior of male and female newsletter subscribers when receiving either neutral or humorous e-mails. The two test e-mails used for the campaign differed in their visual content, changing the message in either humorous or neutral direction. The click rates of both versions were examined in reference to the humor condition applied and the gender of the subject. The hypotheses were that male subscribers would react more strongly to the humorous e-mail version, whereas female subscribers would not be affected by the amount of humor in the newsletter. Data analysis was conducted through exploratory analysis, contingency tables with Chi-Square tests, and binary logistic regression model. Hypotheses about gender variations were evaluated based on the analysis results. The theoretical framework of the thesis consists of an overview of an analysis of the e-commerce field, online marketing, more specifically e-mail as a marketing channel, and humor in advertising context. Previous research results on the subject of observed gender-based differences in the effect of humorous advertisement, which found males to be more likely to react to humorous advertisement, while females were not affected by the humor condition, were used as a basis for the hypothesis formation.  The results of the research analysis were not entirely conclusive. Although the hypotheses were found to apply to the population at hand, no statistically inconclusive proof emerged that there would be significant interaction effect between humor and the gen-der. As a result, it could not be concluded that the observed differences between genders' click-rates were directly linked to the presence of humor. As the different statistical methods yielded partly incoherent results, no statement can be made that gender would be a determining factor of click-tendency in different humor condition groups. Further research points on the subject were suggested to the commissioner based on the analysis.
The art of digital marketing : the definitive guide to creating strategic, targeted, and measurable online campaigns
Future Prospects of Online Advertising at SBS Finland Ltd
"Win online by attracting the right customers and getting the right performance measurement. Digital Impact answers the critical questions marketers have about connecting with and influencing consumers online. Written in an easy-to-read, approachable format, this helpful guide presents provocative content along with practical, commonsense methods that can be followed by any businessperson at companies of all sizes. The discussion hones in on two keys to success: building a performance measurement approach that will let you get maximum impact out of your online marketing and ad dollars, and creating magnetic content that attracts customers and keeps them engaged with your brand.. Leverage trust and build ROI in social media and mobile spaces. Get actionable data, best practices, cases studies, anecdotes, practical coaching tips and strategic insights. Engage customers who typically resist advertising messages. Learn from authors who have extensive experience across major industries and accounts, giving them a wide business appeal. Whether your budget is corporate-sized or on a shoestring, you'll want to achieve the measurable bottom-line improvements that come with having Digital Impact."--
How to use the Internet to advertise, promote, and market your business or website : with little or no money
Virtual communities' influence on consumer's purchase behaviour
Consumer behavior, organizational development, and electronic commerce : emerging issues for advancing modern socioeconomies
Advances in electronic marketing
Ultimate guide to Google AdWords
Webs of influence : the psychology of online persuasion : the secret strategies that make us click
The Facebook guide to small business marketing
Online communities handbook : building your business and brand on the Web
humanization of brands through emotional engagement : case Facebook
Online marketing : a user's manual
Branding.com : online branding for marketing success
31 days to millionaire marketing miracles : attract more leads, get more clients, and make more sales
Handbook of web business : how to build a profitable website
Hospitality marketing management
Ultimate guide to Google AdWords : how to access 100 million people in 10 minutes
The Economic Downturn as a Growth Opportunity for Online Business Directories
The one show. volume 35
New techniques, tactics, platforms, trends, and opportunities to boost leads, sales and market leads. Discover exactly how to profit from the web, mobile and social media marketing and stop wasting money.
Integrated marketing communications plan for online newspaper : case : ess.fi of Mediatalo Esa
The third screen : the ultimate guide to mobile marketing
Includes tips and strategies such as: YouTube advertising, Facebook advertising, wearable computing with Google Glasses and Aerial video marketing with drones etc. Discover how to plan, record and promote videos to attract more clients and customers to your company. Learn to implement the latest YouTube and iPhone video marketing strategies in this insightful book. Most small and medium size companies are unaware of the huge power of utilizing video as a tool to improve their credibility and confidence with their customers, and to teach and educate them about the benefits of your products.
Digital impact : the two secrets to online marketing success
ECOC 2.0 : the online imprint of Pécs 2010 and Turku 2011 cultural mega-events
Optimizing AdWords : a guide to using, mastering, and maximizing Google AdWords
Get rich blogging
Internet marketing methods revealed : the complete guide to becoming an internet marketing expert
Internet advertising and its effectiveness
The zen of social media marketing : an easier way to build credibility, generate buzz, and increase revenue
The advertising possibilities in television over the Internet : conceptual framework for an ad paid internet television service
Food in the internet age
The Art of Digital Marketing is the comprehensive guide to cracking the digital marketing 'code', and reaching, engaging, and serving the empowered consumer. Based on the industry's leading certification from the Digital Marketing Institute (DMI), this book presents an innovative methodology for successful digital marketing: start with the customer and work backwards.
Advertising in social media - effective or not?
Advertisers' perspective on search engine advertising and optimization
Targeted : how technology is revolutionizing advertising and the way companies reach consumers
