http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15113 organisational magazines
organisational magazines
Member survey of the Finnish Seamen's Mission Magazine 2008 : comparisons to the survey made in the year 1999
Intellectual property laws and treaties
Finnish summary.
Ornamo : Ornamon tiedotuslehti
This thesis was made based on my own interest. The subject was to analyze the articles and advertisements written about sign language that were published in Kuurojen Lehti during the year 2007. The purpose of this thesis was to find out how much the Kuurojen Lehti writes about sign language and whether the attitude towards sign language is positive, negative or neutral. This was carried out by exploring Kuurojen Lehti editions published during 2007 and picking out all the articles and advertisements that had something to do with sign language. At the end of this process, the material was analyzed and reported. The theoretical part of the thesis first opens with some concepts about deafness and sign language, and familiarizes the readers with the world of the deaf. Communication from the sign language point of view and something about the human senses are also both briefly looked at. What can happen if a person lacks the ability to hear is something that is examined. The Finnish Association of the Deaf and Kuurojen Lehti are also introduced here. The empirical part contains the presentation of the research method and an analysis and observation of the research material. Kuurojen Lehti is published six times a year, and from the six editions published in 2007, nine articles, 18 advertisements and six shorter articles that had something to do with sign language were found. After the material was gathered an analysis was done and conclusions were drawn. The results show that sign language itself wasn't written about that much in Kuurojen Lehti, contrary to what had been presumed. The contents of these six editions were mostly presentations, abstracts and summaries of different events and happenings held in sign language. The advertisements showed, for example, different educational possibilities and events that were held in sign language. Interpretation services were also advertised. The shorter articles were published by the Finnish Association of Sign Language Interpreters and they dealt with the position of interpreters and their activities in the field. According to Kuurojen Lehti the overall attitude towards sign language is positive. Slowly but surely sign language is becoming more visible in the media, and it is not that unusual to see someone using sign language on the street anymore. However, sign language still is the language of a small minority and its linguistic rights need to be safeguarded and improved. The availability and accessibility of services in sign language is another key towards attaining an equal society.
Fontes artis musicae : Helsinki
Gender and nationalism in Finland in the early nineteenth century
Silent democracy, noisy media
Voluntas : the international journal of voluntary and non-profit organisations
Henry Cowell's new music 1925-1936 : the Society, the music editions, and the recordings
Cultural diversity and integration in the Nordic welfare states : proceedings of the 12th Nordic Migration Conference
ITA, Internationale Titelabkürzungen von Zeitschriften, Zeitungen, wichtigen Handbüchern, Wörterbüchern, Gesetzen, Institutionen usw. = International title abbreviations of periodicals, newspapers, important handbooks, dictionaries, laws, institutions etc
Boys'Life : Espoo
Curling : Suomen curlinglehti
Setting up your own Science Journalists' Association : how to do it, what to do once it is formed and what to watch out for!
Mobilization : the international quarterly review of social movement research
The new courier
The environment encyclopedia and directory
World trade review
ICOM news : Newsletter of the International council of museums
Thoughts about articles on sign language published in Kuurojen Lehti in 2007
"In guns we trust" : arguments for female gun ownership in the United States
Journal of government information : an international review of policy, issues and resources
Helsinki monitor : quarterly on security and cooperation in Europe
On the language of charity advertisements in three British newspapers
Westcoast
Guns 'r us : the American Rifleman magazine as a forum for membership recruitment during the 1990's
Government information quarterly
Security and human rights
Over the state borders : the Academic Karelia Society, the journal Suomen Heimo, the future of the Finnish kin
FAO:n tiedoituksia : Food and agriculture organization of the United Nations
The role of a magazine as an advertising medium : case: Työ, terveys, turvallisuus magazine
Cilip update with gazette : Helsinki
English summary: Testing the consensus Finland. Student magazine Ylioppilaslehti in the Finnish public sphere of the 80s.
World student news
The Patriotic Right as a myth
The IAWM journal
The wire
Conference news
World of work
The Unesco courier
Global governance : a review of multilateralism and international organizations
