http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15198 singalong
singalong
ALWAYS COMING HOME is not the story of the Kesh. Rather it is the stories of the Kesh - stories, poems, songs, recipes - ALWAYS COMING HOME is no less than an anthropological account of a community that does not yet exist, a tour de force of imaginative fiction by one of modern literature's great voices. First published 1985.
The resisting muse : popular music and social protest
Music videos - Can you read them? : a set of teaching material for upper secondary school
The complete collaborator : the pianist as partner
Always Coming Home
Zur Rolle der Sprache im Wandel der Gesellschaft = The role of language in changes of society
Performing wisdom : proverbial lore in modern Ugandan society
Voices of the down and out : the Dust Bowl migration and the Great Depression in the songs of Woody Guthrie
Folk and traditional music of the Western continents
Hook, line & singer : 125 songs to sing out loud
When I grow up : culturally sensitive graphic design explorations
Abstract: The influence of Ilmari Krohn upon Hungarian Ethnomusicology.
Auld lang syne : words to songs you used to know
Taboo tunes : a history of banned bands & censored songs
Music as a recorder of mentalities
The sound of history : songs and social comment
The best German drinking songs
Traces the evolution of 'protest' music in France since 1981, exploring the contradictions that emerge when artists who take their musical production and political commitment 'seriously', cross over to the mainstream, becoming profitable and consensual.
Pub songs : Home organist library volume 31.
Get America singing...again! : a Project of the Music educators National Conference : singers edition ; [foreword by Pete Seeger]
Editing the nation's memory : textual scholarship and nation-building in nineteenth-century Europe
Protest music in France : production, identity and audiences
Writing together : the songwriter's guide to collaboration
This is the third collection produced by members of a six-year research project, funded by the NUFU (Norwegian Programme for Development, Research, and Education), whose concern was to find, preserve, and analyse orature, spoken forms of all kinds, both their unique qualities and their equivalence in importance to literature. A major focus was the ways in which forms of orature can be made relevant to the demands of rapidly developing nations faced with insistent problems (HIV/AIDS, administrative needs, shifts in social and familial structure, the changing roles of women). Both innovative and archival, the essays explore older legends and modern performances to outline their positive and dynamic contribution to a protean society. Some contributors address the ways in which traditional forms may be adapted: e.g., via new media to combat the HIV/AIDS pandemic and to educate children in social and individual responsibility. Traditional narratives and children's songs can function to counter cannibalism and child sacrifice. Less dark aspects of contemporary society also receive attention. Traditional patterns of leadership are adapted to today's conditions, especially by offering women models in the form of earlier figures and their actions. Two essays analyse the use of proverbs in the speeches of political candidates and discussing traditional music festivals as celebrations of traditional kingship and rule. Others examine the nature and operation of specific forms of orature; riddles and their subtle alteration according to performer and audience; concepts of heroism; stories of origin; and variants of Little Red Riding Hood. These sensitive analyses are framed by pieces from members of the research project in Norway and Uganda.
