http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15111 esophagus
esophagus
Effect of overall treatment time on local control in radical radiotherapy for squamous cell carcinoma of esophagus
Biofilm-based healthcare-associated infections. Vol. 1
DNA copy number profiling in esophageal Barrett adenocarcinoma : comparison with gastric adenocarcinoma and esophageal squamous cell carcinoma
Benign and neoplastic conditions of the esophagus
Esophageal diseases : diagnostic and therapeutic approach
Cytokeratin profile suggests metaplastic epithelial transformation in Barrettś oesophagus
Summary.
Long-term outcomes of esophgeal atresia = Ruokatorven synnynnäisen puutoksen myöhäisvaikutukset
Adenocarcinoma of the esophagus and esophagogastric junction : studies on pathogenesis, prognosis, staging and surgical treatment
The association of gastroesophageal reflux with asthma, bronchial responsiveness and chronic cough
Incidence of esophageal adenocarcinoma is rising rapidly in Western countries. The main risk factor for esophageal adenocarcinoma is Barrett's esophagus. Barrett's esophagus results from long-term gastroesophageal reflux disease. The gastrointestinal tract is colonized by bacteria, fungi and viruses forming the alimentary tract microbiome. Microbiome transformation is involved in pathogenesis of alimentary tract cancer and also in the development of Barrett's metaplasia. Toll-like receptors (TLR) are molecules of the innate immune system and they are involved in bacterial and viral recognition and regulation of immune functions in the host and cancer cells.This thesis examined the effect of alimentary tract microbiome and cancer- on the function of TLRs in normal gastrointestinal epithelial cells. An additional focus of the thesis was also to assess the carcinogenetic effect of TLRs 1–9 in Barrett's esophagus metaplasia – dysplasia – carcinoma sequence. Study material consisted of: a patient cohort, organ donors, conventional and germ-free mice. TLRs are expressed also in a "microbe-free" gut. There were significant differences in all TLRs between small- and large intestine of conventional mice and in humans. In germ-free mice that difference was not observed. Normal tissue sampled adjacent to the tumors of cancer patients can be used as controls in immunohistochemical TLR studies in gastrointestinal cancer Clinical data indicate that TLRs linearly increase toward dysplasia in Barrett's esophagus. High cytoplasmic and nuclear TLR4 expression and TLR1 and 8 nuclear immunoreactivity in esophageal adenocarcinoma are associated with metastatic disease and poor prognosis.Based on our results, bacteria seem to downregulate TLR expression of the intestine. TLRs 1–9 apparently have a role in malignant progression of Barrett's dysplasia. TLR1, TLR4 and TLR8 may represent a novel therapeutic target in esophageal adenocarcinoma.
Adenocarcinoma of the esophagus and esophagogastric junction : studies on epidemiology, pathogenesis and treatment
Abstract.
Biomarkers in esophageal cancer
Shackelford's surgery of the alimentary tract. Vol. 1, Esophagus
Toll-like receptors in Alimentary tract -special reference to Barrett's esophagus
English summary.
Carcinoma of the oesophagus and gastric cardia : a retrospective study based on statistical and clinical material from Finland
Prognostic significance of elevated cyclooxygenase 2 expression in patients with adenocarcinoma of the esophagus
Toll-like receptors in Alimentary tract -special reference to Barrett’s esophagus
Clinical anatomy and physiology of the swallow mechanism
Treatment of a submucosal hemangioma of the esophagus using simultaneous video-assisted thoracoscopy and esophagoscopy : description of a new minimally invasive technique
Studies on surgical treatment of gastro-oesophageal reflux disease
Gamma scintigraphic evaluation of the fate of microcrystalline chitosan granules in human stomach
Studies on the treatment of gastroesophageal reflux disease
Matrix metalloproteinases -21 and -26 in keratinocytes and in keratinocyte-derived cancers
Chronic inflammation and intestinal metaplasia at the squamocolumnar junction : their associations with gastro-oesophageal reflux disease
Prognostic significance of cyclooxygenase-2 in breast and esophageal carcinoma
Interaction of alcohol and smoking in the pathogenesis of upper digestive tract cancers : possible chemoprevention with cysteine
Contemporary management of esophageal malignancy
Special considerations of oesophageal surgery : strategies of treatment for oesophageal perforations
Mechanisms of azole resistance and carcinogenic acetaldehyde production in chronic mucosal candidosis
Candida yeasts and carcinogenic acetaldehyde in upper digestive tract carcinogenesis
Barrett's oesophagus and perforation of gastric tube ulceration into the pericardium : a late complication after reconstruction of oesophageal atresia
Oesophageal surgery : a neglected field : [editorial]
Scintigraphic verification on formulation adherence in the human oesophagus
Toll-like receptor 9 in alimentary tract cancers
Gene amplification and overexpression in gastric adenocarcinoma and Barrett adenocarcinoma
Mortality
Barrett's esophagus and associated adenocarcinoma : studies on pathogenesis, clinical staging and cost-utility of cancer treatment
Gastroesophageal variceal bleeding in portal hypertension : a clinical study on emergency and elective treatment
Long-term outcomes of esophageal atresia = Ruokatorven synnynnäisen puutoksen myöhäisvaikutukset
Congenital bronchoesophageal fistula in the adult
Biliary atresia : treatment results and native liver function
