http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15139 valuation
valuation
These empirical results provide strong support for the claim that consistency in word and deed is important to the achievement of acquisition objectives. The weak results for the employee integrity measure may provide an indication that employee values expressed in annual reports are not operative inside the organizationand reliance on private information is necessary to adequately measure this construct.
Assessing the conservation value of fresh waters : an international perspective
Economics without markets : four papers on the contingent valuation and stated preference methods
Defining art, creating the canon : artistic value in an era of doubt
Intentionally what-ever / Marta Kuzma
Music style preference: a ranking of musical styles and comparison by age, gender, music training, and rural, suburban, or urban upbringing
Entrepreneurship and new value creation : the dynamic of the entrepreneurial process
The nature of aesthetic qualities
Art and imagination : a study in the philosophy of mind
Customer value assessment in business markets
The power to name : locating the limits of subject representation in libraries
In response to the significant increase of judgment and judgmentalism in contemporary film and television, A Critique of Judgment in Film and Television investigates the evolving connections between the aesthetics and ethics of judgment. The volume ultimately contemplates whether we should, and can, do without judgment, questions that are just the beginning of a much-needed re-examination. The individual contributions of the collection all work towards a very specific focus on judgment that is unprecedented in its transdisciplinary composition and contemporary relevance. By exploring examples of entertainment that aim to instigate judgment, A Critique of Judgment in Film and Television advances the as yet underdeveloped area of research into television and philosophy.
Manufacturing leisure : innovations in happiness, well-being and fun
Assigning Cultural Values is a collection of thirteen essays focusing on the analysis of cultural value in light of aestheticization or aesthetic practices. Reflecting the fruits of the Research Council of Norway's comprehensive programme for cultural research (KULVER), this anthology studies cultural phenomena not as static dimensions, but rather as factors involved in negotiations and exchanges. By examining the processes in which aestheticization is prominent, the contributors show how the experience-based, relational, and perceptual aspects of assigning cultural values come into focus. Each of the essays offers unique perspectives on the value given to different cultural phenomena, by focusing on their historically changeable aspects, their reciprocal relationships, and their connection to social contexts and power. Drawing on case studies from the fields of cultural history, aesthetics, literature, film, gender studies, art history and theory, design history, and museology, the collection provides a wide-ranging and multifaceted analysis of how the assignment of cultural values is changed, displaced, transferred, and acquired, and will therefore interest all researchers and students within the field of humanities.
Conserving and valuing ecosystem services and biodiversity : economic, institutional, and social challenges
Preference and value : preferentialism in ethics
Criticism : an intentionalist account
Standards and expectancies : contrast and assimilation in judgments of self and others
On the intellectual development of the Hartman framework
Enough : true measures of money, business, and life
World heritage cities between permanence and change : international construction of 'outstanding universal value' and local perceptions at Old Rauma from the 1970s to the 2000s
But what if we're wrong? : thinking about the present as if it were the past
Valuing nature with travel cost models : a manual
God, sex, and gender : an introduction
But it is art ? : the value of art and the temptation of theory
Archaeology and economic development
Kant's conception of moral character : the "critical" link of morality, anthropology, and reflective judgment
A third concept of liberty : judgment and freedom in Kant and Adam Smith
Asian public theology : critical concerns in challenging times
Arts and artists from an economic perspective
A critique of judgment in film and television
Social role valorization and the English experience
The rise and fall of evaluation standards
Tabloid headlines in mind : a frame for research
Managing built heritage : the role of cultural values and significance
Exploring the value creation in service ecosystem context : the case of the information technology sector
Ethics and language
In a book that challenges the typical entrepreneurial strategy, W. Chan Kim and Renée Mauborgne assert that tomorrow's leading companies will succeed, not by battling their rivals for market share in the bloody "red ocean" of a shrinking profit pool, but by creating "blue oceans": untapped new market spaces ripe for growth.
Acquisitions are a popular vehicle used to implement firms' diversification and growth strategies. Empirical evidence however indicates that the majority of these transactions fail to create value for the acquiring firm's shareholders. Scholars have investigated a number of factors to inform management practice on how to improve the odds of successbut one area of inquiry is notable in its absence: the impact of ethical behavior on post-acquisition integration success.
Valuing historic environments
Moral essays on the High Renaissance : art in Italy in the age of Michelangelo
The impact of ownership structure on firm valuation and performance : a study of listed companies in Finland
Inquiries into the fundamentals of aesthetics
Art and knowledge / James O. Young
Integration of monetary and non-monetary-values in environmental decision negotiation
Virtue, vice, and value
Customer perceived value, satisfaction, and loyalty : the role of willingness to share information
Combining conjoint analysis and choice experiments for valuation of fishing site characteristics
The idea of art as a form behind tactile values : the recuperation of art in art history c. 100 years ago / Altti Kuusamo
Rethinking the sales force : redefining selling to create and capture customer value
Accident costing using value transfers : new unit costs for personal injuries in Finland
This thesis begins an exploration into this dynamic by exploring the role of organizational integrity--defined as consistency between espoused and enacted organizational values--as a predictor of acquisition success. Computer-aided content analysis of annual reports is used to quantify the espoused valuesand a mail-questionnaire survey instrument is used to measure the enacted values. Two value structures were investigated: values relating to the firm's customer and product orientationand values involving the relationship of the firm and its employees.
Valuing world heritage cities
Environment, information and consumer behaviour
Modern art in the common culture / Thomas Crow
Disciplines of the visual : art history, visual studies and globalization / Keith Moxey
National income in dynamic economies
Valuing recreation and the environment : revealed preference methods in theory and practice
Nordic forest professionals' values
Benefits of reduced eutrophication : evidence from Finland, the Baltic Sea area and Europe for policy making
The value of public service media
Normative discourse
Dollarizing differentiation value : a practical guide for the quantification and the capture of customer value in B2B markets
Abstract: Ecosystem services research to serve the governance of the environmental and natural resources.
Contingent valuation : analysis of interval open-ended data
Die Wertfrage = The question of value
On kitsh / Odd Nerdrum et. al.
Theories of judgment : psychology, logic, phenomenology
"But What If We're Wrong visualizes the contemporary world as it will appear to those who'll perceive it as the distant past. We live in a culture of casual certitude. This has always been the case, no matter how often that certainty has failed. Though no generation believes there's nothing left to learn, every generation unconsciously assumes that what has already been defined and accepted is (probably) pretty close to how reality will be viewed in perpetuity. And then, of course, time passes. Ideas shift. Opinions invert. What once seemed reasonable eventually becomes absurd, replaced by modern perspectives that feel even more irrefutable and secure--until, of course, they don't. But What If We're Wrong? visualizes the contemporary world as it will appear to those who'll perceive it as the distant past. Chuck Klosterman asks questions that are profound in their simplicity: How certain are we about our understanding of gravity? How certain are we about our understanding of time? What will be the defining memory of rock music, five hundred years from today? How seriously should we view the content of our dreams? How seriously should we view the content of television? Are all sports destined for extinction? Is it possible that the greatest artist of our era is currently unknown (or--weirder still--widely known, but entirely disrespected)? Is it possible that we "overrate" democracy? And perhaps most disturbing, is it possible that we've reached the end of knowledge? Kinetically slingshotting through a broad spectrum of objective and subjective problems, But What If We're Wrong? is built on interviews with a variety of creative thinkers--George Saunders, David Byrne, Jonathan Lethem, Kathryn Schulz, Neil deGrasse Tyson, Brian Greene, Junot Díaz, Amanda Petrusich, Ryan Adams, Nick Bostrom, Dan Carlin, and Richard Linklater, among others--interwoven with the type of high-wire humor and nontraditional analysis only Klosterman would dare to attempt. It's a seemingly impossible achievement: a book about the things we cannot know, explained as if we did. It's about how we live now, once "now" has become "then.""-- Provided by publisher.
Procrustean beds and strange bedfellows : on literary value as assigned by literary theories
The Difference of Feeling Better and Getting Better : An analysis of Attitude in Texts Discussing the Use of Complementary and Alternative Medicine in Cancer Treatment
Blue ocean strategy : how to create uncontested market space and make the competition irrelevant
Incommensurability and uncertainty in contingent valuation : willingness to pay for forest and nature conservation policies in Finland
Contingent valuation and choice experiment of citizens' willingness to pay for forest conservation in southern Finland
First introduction to the Critique of judgment
Explorations in environmental and natural resource economics : essays in honor of Gardner M. Brown, Jr
"The last 50 years have seen unprecedented changes in sexual and gender relationships. These include the easy availability of contraception, the separation of sexual experience from marriage and marriage from parenthood, more broken marriages, and legal provision for same-sex unions. Relationships between men and women have changed from a model of male dominance, towards a new model of male/female equality, and on to a new recognition of sexual and gender difference. These transformations have resulted in great benefits but they have also generated great uncertainties and unfulfilled expectations. They have sparked painful and on-going controversies in all the churches. God, Sex, and Gender is a clear and engaging introduction to these issues. It offers a consistent theological understanding which is contemporary, undogmatic, questioning, and relevant to readers' experience, interests and needs. Throughout the book, Thatcher connects theological ideas, with broader, secular thought. It fills a gap in the literature by linking together the diverse themes of sexuality, gender and Christian thought in one coherent volume. Its comprehensive and even-handed discussion of these issues will ensure it becomes a vital text in the field"--
The culture of the new capitalism
The future of value inquiry
Attitude-behavior framework in contingent valuation of forest conservation
The hidden pleasures of life : a new way of remembering the past and imagining the future
Evaluating the impact of farm woodlands on the landscape : a case of blending perspectives
Emerald city : an environmental history of Seattle
Ethics out of economics
The mystified war : regeneration and sacrifice
Natural resource economics : an introduction
The adventure of education : process philosophers on learning, teaching, and research
What factors affect the variaton in the 15D valuations and are they stable over time?
Wittgenstein and value : the quest for meaning
Assigning cultural values
My thesis makes several contributions: the operationalization of organizational integrity; the exploration of correlations between ethical and behavioral variables to acquisition success; and the integration of the strategy and business ethics disciplines. Implications for future research are discussed.
Art and value
But is it art? : the value of art and the temptation theory
Modalities of place : on polarisation end exclusion in concepts of place and in site-specific art
Politics and the environment : from theory to practice
Economic valuation with stated preference techniques : a manual
"Engagingly and clearly written by a highly respected theologian, God, Sex, and Gender is the first comprehensive introduction to a theology of both sexuality and gender available in a single volume. Makes a theological contribution to understanding the unprecedented changes in sexual and gender relationships of the last fifty years Discusses many topics including: sexual difference; sexual equality; gender and power; the nature of desire; the future of marriage in Christian sexual ethics; homosexuality and same-sex unions; the problems of sexual minorities; contraception in a time of HIV/AIDS; the separation of sexual experience from marriage; and offers new arguments for marriage and for chastity Offers a consistent and engaging introduction at the cutting edge of theological inquiry, which is contemporary, undogmatic, questioning, and relevant to readers' experience, interests, and needs Written lucidly and engagingly by an established and respected academic who has published widely in this area "--
Sight and sensibility : evaluating pictures
We should all be feminists
Amenity resource valuation : integrating economics with other disciplines
Offers an updated definition of feminism for the twenty-first century, one rooted in inclusion and awareness.
What factors affect the variation in the 15D valuations and are they stable over time?
Results indicate a strong correlation between integrity vis-&agrave;-vis an organization's customer and product values and acquisition success. This relationship is moderated by the degree of congruence in the value structures of the acquiring and target firms. In additioncustomer integrity is significantly correlated with lower drops in employee productivity and commitmenttwo variables that have previously been shown to predict acquisition success. Moderate support is provided showing that top management turnover is lower when firms act with integrity vis-&agrave;-vis their employee values. Component effects were found for the depth of the required integrationbut not for the strategic importance of human assets.
The public value of the humanities
The economic value of the environment
Exact values and vague products? : contingent valuation and passive use value
Spatial analysis in economic evaluation of landscape management
Recreation value and quality of Finnish surface waters : revealed preferences, individual perceptions and spatial issues
Assessment of value-creating innovation processes
Towards a consumer-centric definition of value in the non-institutional investment context : conceptualization and measurement of perceived investment value
Valuation uncertainty : what is it ?
Recognizing the intrinsic value of animals : beyond animal welfare
Stated preference methods for environmental valuation : a critical look
The value of art : money, power, beauty
Estimating the benefit from algal bloom reduction : an application of contingent valuation method
Biodiversity economics
With its celebrated World Heritage List, UNESCO steers the global heritage agenda through the definition and redefinition of what constitutes heritage and by offering the highest-level forum for heritage professionalism. While it is the national governments that nominate sites for inclusion in the World Heritage List, and the intergovernmental World Heritage Committee that makes the final decision on inclusion or non-inclusion, it is the International Council on Monuments and Sites (ICOMOS) for cultural heritage that determines whether the necessary level of outstanding universal value is met. Focusing on the discourses of ICOMOS and their transmission to the local context, this book is the first in-depth historical analysis of the construction of heritage value in the context of cities illustrated through a case study of Old Rauma in Finland. The book contributes to the understanding of the discursive and constructed nature of World Heritage values as opposed to intrinsic values, critically scrutinizes the role of ICOMOS in making valuations concerning urban heritage, and sheds light on the interactions and tensions of universal and local (urban) perspectives in the practice of heritage valuation. Valuing World Heritage Cities is the first in-depth historical analysis of the construction of heritage value in the context of cities in the transnational discourses of heritage. This unique and timely contribution will be of interest to students and scholars working in Heritage Studies, Cultural Geography, Urban Studies and Tourism.
Performance-based evaluation : tools and techniques to measure the impact of training
The lewd, the rude and the nasty : a study of thick concepts in ethics
The market / edited by Natasha Degen
Mobility, meaning and the transformations of things : shifting contexts of material culture through time and space
Moral issues in military decision making
Organizational integrity and acquisition performance : the role of values in value creation
Rethinking craft specialization in complex societies : archaeological analyses of the social meaning of production
The value of preserving nature : preference uncertainty and distributional effects
Would you eat your cat? : key ethical conundrums and what they tell you about yourself
"What is art worth? How can a work by Pablo Picasso be sold for more than $100,000,000? This book explains the market for art--and art's value for all of us. In straightforward prose that doesn't mystify art or deny its special allure, prominent art dealer and market expert Michael Findlay offers a close up and personal view of almost a half century in the business of art. He engagingly explains art's three kinds of value: commercial; social; and what he terms its essential value--the range of responses to art that we as individuals have depending on our culture, education, and life experience. Few avid collectors are immune to the thrill of rising market value, but Findlay argues that buying for investment alone is seldom smart. A genuine love of art and the ways it may enrich one's social life also play important roles. Down-to-earth and with a touch of dry wit, he explains exactly how artworks are valued and reveals the workings of the art market. Enhancing his narrative are wise advice, insider anecdotes, and tales of scoundrels and scams, celebrity collectors, and remarkable discoveries.
Preference un[c]ertainty in contingent valuation : case of forest conservation in southern Finland
Influence of logit model assumptions on estimated willingness to pay for forest conservation in southern Finland
Photography theory / edited by James Elkins ; [texts by Jan Baetens...[et al.]]
Valuing climate change mitigation : applying stated preferences in the presence of uncertainty
Aesthetics across the color line : why Nietzsche (sometimes) can't sing the blues
The Father of Index Investing and founder of Vanguard shares his own journey, filled with famous characters and telling anecdotes, that aims to teach investors the importance of doing the right thing, how to be a strong leader in today's world, and what it means to have "enough."
Valuation of management policies for sport-fishing on Sweden's Kaitum river
The book Asian Public Theology is inspired by the vision that the response to the multifarious problems facing this continent needs a reflection in public along with many partners; it may not be responded to by conventional or dominant theologies pursued within narrow confines. This book takes up issues of public concern in Asia, examines them with the help of many disciplines and reflects on them in the light of the humanistic vision and values of Christian message. It is a theology that is open to all religious traditions and secular ideologies which are also challenged by the critical issues of this continent. At a time when more and more people are drawn into the null spaces of social insensitivity and seduced by the glitz and glamour of globalisation and its consumerism, public theology as a critical intervention, takes on a prophetic character. Asian Public Theology acknowledges the agency of the subalterns, affirms their ethical sense, inspires courage and evokes hope in them to build a different Asia. This book also discusses the human and ethical responsibility of all to take up the cause of the marginalised.
Values and evaluations
Bad music : the music we love to hate
Weighing lives
Anthropology, art and cultural production
Applications of the contingent valuation method in developing countries : a survey
