http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1518 feeling of inferiority
feeling of inferiority
Who am I without you? :  52 ways to rebuild self-esteem after a breakup
The sociology of deviance : differences, tradition, and stigma
The robber bride
The Breaker
Woman to woman
An introduction to improving your self-esteem
52 teen boy problems and how to solve them
A book for gay and bisexual people on how to build happy, secure lives and relationships, and a call-to-arms for society to protect and nurture young people, regardless of their sexual orientation. Written by Matthew Todd, editor of the UK's biggest-selling gay magazine, Straight Jacket is a revolutionary guide for gay men which began life as an article in Attitude magazine.
So you've been publicly shamed
Evening class
Imperial citizens : Koreans and race from Seoul to LA
Blackwater
Straight jacket : how to be gay and happy
The politics of humiliation in the novels of J.M. Coetzee
Without rival : embrace your identity and purpose in an age of confusion and comparison
MODERN & CONTEMPORARY FICTION (POST C 1945). A dazzling urban satire of modern relationships? An ironic, tragic insight into the demise of the nuclear family? Or the confused ramblings of a pissed thirty-something? As Bridget documents her struggles through the social minefield of her thirties and tries to weigh up the eternal question (Daniel Cleaver or Mark Darcy?), she turns for support to four indispensable friends: Shazzer, Jude, Tom and a bottle of chardonnay. Bridget Jones's Diary was first published in 1996 and applauded by critics from Salman Rushdie to Jilly Cooper. A number-one bestseller, Helen Fielding's book has sold over fifteen million copies worldwide and has been turned into an Academy Award-nominated film starring Renee Zellweger, Colin Firth and Hugh Grant.
In The Gifts of Imperfection, Brené Brown, a leading expert on shame, authenticity, and belonging, shares ten guideposts on the power of Wholehearted living--a way of engaging with the world from a place of worthiness.
Bridget Jones's Diary : a novel
Can you keep a secret?
"A powerful message to help women break free from comparison and competition, embrace God's purpose, and realize a life without rival"--Publisher's description.
Beggar maid stories of Flo and Rose
Overcoming low self-esteem : talks with your therapist
Bridget Jones's diary : a novel
The temple of the golden pavilion
Aivan liian hotti : She's out of my league
Shame and desire : intersubjectivity in Finnish visual culture
Anya, embarrassed by her Russian immigrant family and self-conscious about her body, has given up on fitting in at school but falling down a well and making friends with the ghost there just may be worse.
The gifts of imperfection : Let go of who you think you're supposed to be and embrace who you are
Bridget Jones's diary
Underdog shame : philosophical essays on women's internalization of inferiority
About a boy
When the devil holds the candle
