http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1514 instrumental music
instrumental music
Invitation to the Dance : op.65
The Mozart effect : music for dads and dads-to-be
From the rooftops
Las Vegas grind. Part 3 : 50's striptease raunch exotica!!!
The Music of Stevie Wonder : 16 instrumental hits = Isn't She Lovely
Polish-Swedish cultural relations during the Vasa dynasty : Stockholm, February 10th-12th 1995 : conference papers
Organ fireworks. 2.
Miniatyrer : op. 14 no 1-3
Three classic albums
Ungarske Studier for piano : op. 38 no 1-3
Habanera : if you're the one I pick, watch out!
Double cookin' : classic northern soul instrumentals
Hymns of Peace
Motets, anthems, fantasias & voluntaries
Add insult to injury
Four miniatures : for trombone and piano
The trumpet
Weihnachten durch die Jahrhunderte = Christmas throughout the centuries
Harp solos : graded recital pieces by Susann McDonald and Linda Wood : Volume II
Grits & gravy : the best of The Fame Gang
The home series of great masters
Humoreske for pianoforte op. 101 no 7
Long Distance Calling
Songs without words
Shackleton's voyage
Choral music
Chopin : a graded practical guide
Mel Bay's folio of easy classic guitar solos
Rachmaninoff-Album : Volume I : op. 3 no 1-5
Wipe out! ; The Surfaris play
Captain Humes Poeticall Musicke. Volume 2: Music for Viols, Lute & Voice
Klezmer's afterlife : an ethnography of the Jewish music revival in Poland and Germany
The best of John Dowland
Scandinavian aspect
Tribute to Uncle Ray ; The jazz soul of Little Stevie
Las Vegas grind. Part 1 : 50's striptease raunch exotica!!!
The Chieftains in China
Despite their central role in many forms of music-making, drummers have been largely neglected in the scholarly literature on music and education. But kit drummers are increasingly difficult to ignore. While exponents of the drum kit are frequently mocked in popular culture, they are also widely acknowledged to be central to the musical success and aesthetic appeal of any musical ensemble in which they are found. Drummers are also making their presence felt in music education, with increasing opportunities to learn their craft in formal contexts. Drawing on data collected from in-depth interviews and questionnaires, Gareth Dylan Smith explores the identities, practices and learning of teenage and adult kit drummers in and around London. As a London-based drummer and teacher of drummers, Smith uses his own identity as participant-researcher to inform and interpret other drummers' accounts of their experiences. Drummers learn in multi-modal ways, usually with a keen awareness of exemplars of their art and craft. The world of kit drumming is highly masculine, which presents opportunities and challenges to drummers of both sexes. Smith proposes a new model of the 'Snowball Self', which incorporates the constructs of identity realization, learning realization, meta-identities and contextual identities. Kit drummers' identities, practices and learning are found to be intertwined, as drummers exist in a web of interdependence. Drummers drum; therefore they are, they do, and they learn - in a rich tapestry of means and contexts.
Sax appeal [Nuottijulkaisu] : 20 easy tunes for saxophone solo
Rose of Sharon : 100 years of American music 1770-1870
Breathing woodwinds : music therapy for asthma and COPD rehabilitation
Awakenings : new American chamber music for guitar
Three Fantastic Dances : op. 1 no 1-3
Harps and harpists
Sea mood : a composition for the piano
The film music of Mischa Spoliansky
Up close : another look
Two at the piano : 50 duets for young pianists
You had it coming
Exploring two cases of piano teacher education in Finland and Germany
The literature of the piano : a guide for amateur and student
Thunderball sessions
Piano pieces for children
An introduction to each of the iPod's onboard applications: connecting to the internet, sending and receiving e-mail, listening to music, watching videos, and synchronizing calendars.  In addition there are hints, tips and suggestions to make the most of the iPod's hidden potential.
Earth division
It's easy to play Tchaikovsky
The instrumental music of Iannis Xenakis : theory, practice, self-borrowing
A paean to Wilson
Harp solos : graded recital pieces by Susann McDonald and Linda Wood : Volume V
Classroom projects : incredible music made by children in schools
Pioneers of instrumental rock
A DICTIONARY OF MUSICAL THEMES
Musik aus früher Zeit für Klavier : Musique du moyen age = Music of early times (1350-1650); Heft I Deutschland und Italien
Harp Solos : graded recital pieces by Susann McDonald and Linda Wood : Volume I
iPod & iTunes for dummies
Musick for Severall Friends
Ashokan farewell ; Beautiful dreamer : songs of Stephen Foster
A pianist's A to Z : a piano lover's reader
Laugh with classical music
Night terrors
Kyrgyz musical instruments = Kyrgyzskie muzykal'nye instrumenty
Schubert's fingerprints : studies in the instrumental works
Legendary wild rockers. 3
A dictionary of musical themes
Blood of the snake
Taking your iPod touch to the max
Harp solos : graded recital pieces by Susann McDonald and Linda Wood : Volume III
The cries of London
The image of melancholy
Night
Destroy all astro-men!!
Piano lessons with Claudio Arrau : a guide to his philosophy and techniques
The Final tour : the essential collection
Guitar player : e-lehti
Three classic albums. Vol. 2
Solo guitar : 6 outstanding guitar solos!
The musical box : Caracteristique intermezzo
Easy flute solos : playalong pop hit
Music for a royal wedding
Easy classics [Nuottijulkaisu] : a collection of simplified transcriptions of well-known music by the great masters, arranged and edited for the piano accordion. Book 1.
The happy harmonica
Fun pieces for the piano
Melody : second ballet from "Orpheus" ; transcribed from the original score by A. Siloti
Red River rock : anthology
The BBC proms guide to great symphonies
The world's smallest big band
Detroit rock 'n' roll began here!
Teaching techniques and insights for instrumental music educators
Midnight man
Celtic Christmas
Strings that conquered the world : morin khuur, the Mongolian horse-head violin
An introduction to music technology
Toccata and fugue in d minor for the organ
Professor Satchafunkilus and the musterion of rock
Las Vegas grind. Part 2 : 50's striptease raunch exotica!!!
More classics to moderns : Volume 4.
Jesu bleibet meine Freude = Jesu, Joy of man's desiring : Choral aus Kantate no 147 "Herz und Mund und That und Leben"
International Sibelius Academy : ABAM Chamber Music Master Classes 2004.
The very best of Arthur Lyman
Fun City, USA : Play
Musical London c. 1700 : from Purcell to Handel
Instrumentalists and Renaissance culture, 1420-1600 : players of function and fantasy
Chamber music : an extensive guide for listeners
Where the wild things are
Subject guide to classical instrumental music
Fingers and thumbs
Mel Bay's favourite accordion solos
It's a gas!
The Handel collection
I am number four : original motion picture soundtrack
Teen beat. : 30 great rockin' instrumentals
Where the other wild things are : Live in Minneapolis
Historical anthology of music. [2], Baroque, Rococo, and pre-classical music
The instrumental consort repertory of the late fifteenth century
Latin Dreams
Authenticity problems in Joseph Haydn's early instrumental works : a stylistic investigation
Music by the masters
Soittorasia : 1 : 1 = a music box
Four church sonatas
Tunes for your ocarina or poly-oc
Harp solos : graded recital pieces by Susann McDomald and Linda Wood : Volume IV
Les jouets du Prince : Suite pour guitare = The Prince's toys : Suite for guitar
Polka from " The golden Age "  (Ballet) : op. 22
How the world wags : Social music for a 17th century Englishman
100 classic melodies : A collection of the world's most beautiful themes for violin
Ruralia Hungarica op. 32/a, : Seven pieces for pianoforte = Sieben Stücke für Klavier
Twelve compositions for piano
Historical anthology of music. [1], Oriental, medieval and Renaissance music
Ambronay Editions 2008
Improvisation for classical musicians : strategies for creativity and expression
Recuerdo : for guitar solo : dedicated to Dionisio Aguado
Dirty Date
Reels to ragas
Paraphrase : On teh prelude in Cis-major
I drum, therefore I am : being and becoming a drummer
State of the art - Deutsche Grammophon : The story = Die Geschichte
The music of Santería : traditional rhythms of the batá drums
Ipod touch for dummies
Dreaming of the new dawn
Works : for violin solo and two violins = Proizvedenija : dlja skripki solo i evuh skripok
Music for children = Schulwerk
Night sessions
Mel Bay's favorite clarinet classics
The complete idiot's guide to songwriting
