http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15110 radio channels
radio channels
The ARRL Handbook : for radio communications
Essential radio journalism : [how to produce and present radio news]
Abstract.
More than a music box : radio cultures and communities in a multi-media world
Comparison of channel models for evaluating the performance of mobile broadcasting systems
This doctoral thesis presents a novel method for detecting and identifying radio channel disturbances. Wireless transmission in factory environments occasionally becomes degraded due to harsh radio signal propagation conditions. The most disruptive disturbances are caused by other wireless devices (co-channel and adjacent interference), environmental characteristics such as metal constructions and heavy equipment (signal fading), and electrical and mechanical equipment (noise). We have performed extensive measurements in different industrial environments to study the effects of different radio channel disturbances on signal propagation. The obtained measurement results led us to develop signal analysis methods and a disturbance detector based on a classifier. The classifier was tested in a real industrial environment; these tests showed an encouraging detection performance.Signal analysis is performed both in time and frequency domains. In the time domain, the probability density function (PDF) method is used. It is based on detecting the PDF shape variations calculated from the received signal and their correlation to the environmental changes in the radio channel. In the frequency domain, spectrogram analysis is performed. Here, we calculate the spectrogram of each received data packet, and by applying image analysis tools on the spectrograms, we obtain the required information on the received signal and on other radio transmissions which may have disturbed our radio signal transmission. The recognition and identification of the radio channel disturbances is based on the fusion of the signal magnitude analysis (PDF) and spectrogram analysis with a classifier.We also discuss the development process of a classifier-based tool towards an embedded solution. The classifier was developed and extensively tested using USPR N210, ETTUS SDR (Software Defined Radio). The classifier proved to be a feasible solution for detecting and identifying reliability flaws of wireless transmission in the industrial environment, and will be further developed into a portable, small-sized SDR-based tool.
Audience economics of European Union public service broadcasters : assessing performance in competitive markets
Nanoscale sensor networks : the THz band as a communication channel
A discourse of legitimacy : critiquing the culture agenda in Finnish public broadcasting
Energy efficiency improvements for wireless sensor
networks by using cross-layer analysis
Experimental analysis of multidimensional radio channels
Methods for space-time parameter estimation in DS-CDMA arrays
Geometry-based radio channel modeling : propagation analysis and concept development
Error correction and channel estimation in DVB-T OFDM receivers
Feasibility study of RFID in the telematics environment : case: CECS Project, YTI Research Center
Strategy for wireless transmission disturbances detection and identification in industrial wireless sensor networks
European television in the digital age : issues, dynamics and realities
ARRL handbook for radio communications. 2007
Websites for musicians
Radio resource management program block module testing guide
Basic radio journalism
Channel estimation algorithms for OFDM systems
Modeling and characterization of urban radio channels for mobile communications
Television across Europe : a comparative introduction
This thesis focuses on THz band channel modeling and characterization. This vast frequency band spans from 100 GHz to 10 THz. The approximately 10,000 GHz bandwidth together with advances in THz capable electronics have made this band highly potential for many future applications, e.g., imaging and nanodevice-to-nanodevice communications. The latter is the reference application of this thesis and it focuses on the communication among very small and simple devices. The main focus of the thesis is on the THz channel characterization. Therefore, the channel models presented herein are also suitable for communications at macroscopic scale.The THz band offers opportunities, but has many problems as well. One of these is molecular absorption, which causes frequency selective fading to signals. The fading is caused by the signals' energy absorption in the resonance frequencies of the molecules in the communication medium. Based on the conservation of energy, the absorption is understood to cause a new type of noise in the THz links: transmission induced noise. This noise component is analyzed from multiple physical viewpoints. The THz signals have short enough wavelengths to theoretically allow scattering on aerosols in the atmosphere. Scattering causes frequency dependent loss of the signals, but also a signal spread in time over multiple scattering events. It is shown here that in some speciﬁc atmospheric conditions the scattering causes signal loss and time spread. In addition to the theoretical channel models, measurements on a variety of propagation phenomena are conducted and analyzed. These include penetration losses, rough surface reﬂections and scattering, and diffraction. Through the measurements, it can be shown that the THz band communications is feasible in non-line-of-sight (NLOS) conditions in spite of the above phenomena.In the last part of this thesis, stochastic geometry is applied to the THz band in order to estimate the mean interference power and outage probabilities in dense networks formed from nanodevices. Because of the large losses in the channel, large interference levels require large numbers of devices. Stochastic geometry offers perfect tools to estimate the mean interference, and also in the case of directional antennas, which are most likely implemented in all the THz band devices due to large power losses in the channel.
Contributions to measurement-based dynamic mimo channel modeling and propagation parameter estimation
Managing strategic change in the changing radio and television market : a Finnish example 1985-1998
Measurement-based millimeter-wave radio channel simulations and modeling
The power of schedule : programme management in the transformation of Finnish public service television
Direct copyright revenue streams in creative industries in Finland : evaluation model
