http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15163 desulfurisation
desulfurisation
Equilibrium analysis of aluminum-fluoride complexes in wet limestone desulfurization processes
Reactive dissolution of sedimentary rocks in flue gas desulfurization : modeling and experimental investigation
Desulphurization of diesel fuel using ultrasound
Reaction kinetics and mechanisms of low temperature SO[sub 2] removal by dry calcium-based sorbents
Sulphur directive impact on freight rates : case Ewals Cargo Care
CoMoS hydrodesulphurisation catalyts : a DRIFT study of stepwise preparation of CoMo/Al[sub]2O[sub]3 from carbonyl precursors and their testing in HDS
A study on spray dry and coolside desulfurization
Willingness to pay for cleaner air
Abstract: This study was commissioned by Ewals Cargo Care, which transports cargo with Mega trailers in Europe using a number of intermodal solutions to achieve cost-efficient transport for the needs of the customers. The main objective of this study was to determine the estimated sea freight rates increase in 2015 when the tighter sulphur directive will come into force. The objective was also to find out the current situation and the commercial value of the Baltic Sea as well as solutions for the ship-ping companies to respond to tighter sulphur directive.  The purpose of this study was to calculate the estimated increase of the sea freight rates in a few routes so that Ewals Cargo Care could prepare for possible rise in pric-es in the near future. The study was divided into theoretical and empirical part with equal proportions. Theory section introduces the commercial situation of the Baltic Sea, the sulphur directive and the structure of the shipping costs.  In the empirical analysis part the new freight rates were calculated, solutions for tighter suphur directive challenges was searched and two interviews were held with shipping companies which are in cooperation with Ewals Cargo Care. Interviews and calculations are also the part of the execution of the study which also is the major research process.  After the empirical part of the study results were reviewed and conclusions of the studied subject were presented. Frames of the interviews, tables of the current and new freight rates are attached in the end of the study.
Removal of sulfur dioxide in baghouses following convective pass sorbent injection
Desulphurization by limestone injection at high temperature
Desulphurization in peat-fired circulating and bubbling fluidized bed boilers
Desulfurization product and flax shives in low strength concrete
Dry scrubbing technologies for flue gas desulfurization
Flue gas desulfurization with ammonium hydroxide : a case study
Mathematical modeling of limestone dissolution in batch stirred tank reactors in presence of a diluted strong acid
