http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15189 Black Death
Black Death
The king without a kingdom
A knight at the movies : medieval history on film
The providence
Pandemic disease in the Medieval world : rethinking the Black Death
"The Rise and Decline of an Iberian Bourgeoisie is one of the first long-term studies in English of an Iberian town during the late medieval crisis. Focusing on the Catalonian city of Manresa, Jeff Fynn-Paul expertly integrates Iberian historiography with European narratives to place the city's social, political and economic development within the broader context of late medieval urban decline. Drawing from extensive archival research, including legal and administrative records, royal letters, and a cadastral survey of more than 640 households entitled the 1408 Liber Manifesti, the author surveys the economic strategies of both elites and non-elites to a level previously unknown for any medieval town outside of Tuscany and Ghent. In a major contribution to the series, The Rise and Decline of an Iberian Bourgeoisie reveals how a combination of the Black Death, royal policy, and a new public debt system challenged, and finally undermined urban resilience in Catalonia"--
Climatic factors causing ascospores release of Gremmeniella abietina var. balsamea
The black death : the story of a village 1345-1350
The Black Death : the great mortality of 1348-1350 : a brief history with documents
King Death : the Black Death and its aftermath in late-medieval England
Communities and crisis : Bologna during the Black Death
The great mortality : an intimate history of the black death
A rural society after the Black Death : Essex 1350-1525
The black death transformed : disease and culture in early Renaissance Europe
In the wake of the plague : the black death and the world it made
Strategies of sanity and survival : religious responses to natural disasters in the Middle Ages
The rise and decline of an Iberian bourgeoisie : Manresa in the later Middle Ages, 1250-1500
From the brink of the apocalypse : confronting famine, war, plague, and death in the later Middle Ages
The Black Death : a turning point in history?
The great mortality : an intimate history of the Black Death, the most devastating plague of all time
Town and countryside in the age of the Black Death : essays in honour of John Hatcher
The Butcher Bird
The black death and the transformation of the west
The Black Death
Inferno
The black death : natural and human disaster in Medieval Europe
The great transition : climate, disease and society in the late medieval world
What disease was plague? : on the controversy over the microbiological identity of plague epidemics of the past
Environment, society and the Black Death : an interdisciplinary approach to the late-medieval crisis in Sweden
The black death in London
"In the fourteenth century the Old World witnessed a series of profound and abrupt changes in the trajectory of long-established historical trends. Transcontinental networks of exchange fractured and an era of economic contraction and demographic decline dawned from which Latin Christendom would not begin to emerge until its voyages of discovery at the end of the fifteenth century. In a major new study of this 'Great Transition,' Bruce Campbell assesses the contributions of commercial recession, war, climate change, and eruption of the Black Death to a far-reaching reversal of fortunes from which no part of Eurasia was spared. The book synthesises a wealth of new historical, palaeo-ecological and biological evidence, including estimates of national income, reconstructions of past climates, and genetic analysis of DNA extracted from the teeth of plague victims, to provide a fresh account of the creation, collapse and realignment of Western Europe's late medieval commercial economy"--
The Black Death, 1346-1353 : the complete history
Living with the Black Death
A distant mirror : the calamitous 14th century
The black death
Oswald de Lacy is growing up fast in his new position as Lord of Somershill Manor. The Black Death changed many things, and just as it took away his father and elder brothers, leaving Oswald to be recalled from the monastery where he expected to spend his life, so it has taken many of his villagers and servants. However, there is still the same amount of work to be done in the farms and fields, and the few people left to do it think they should be paid more -- something the King himself has forbidden. Just as anger begins to spread, the story of the Butcher Bird takes flight. People claim to have witnessed a huge creature in the skies. A new-born baby is found impaled on a thorn bush. And then more children disappear. Convinced the bird is just a superstitious rumour, Oswald must discover what is really happening. From the plague-ruined villages of Kent to the thief-infested streets of London and the luxurious bedchamber of a bewitching lady, Oswald's journey is full of danger, dark intrigue and shocking revelations.
Medicine from the Black Death to the French disease
The scourging angel : the Black Death in the British Isles
Pestilential complexities : understanding medieval plague
Black death
