http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15184 art historians
art historians
Without knowing everything, nothing is known definitely : J. J. Tikkanen's archive as an art-historical encyclopaedia / Johanna Vakkari
Emil Nervander as a pioneer of Finnish art history and antiquarian interests in Finland during the last decades of the 19th century
J. J. Tikkanen and the origin of "Kunstwissenschaft" in Italy / Gianni Carlo Sciolla
Riegl, Strzygowski and the development of art / Georg Vasold
Letters of Roger Fry
The Ashgate research companion to Giorgio Vasari
He did not consent to remember - Juhani Rinne's criminal proceedings and the task of biographer / Visa Immonen
James Lees-Milne (1908--97) -- known to friends as Jim -- is remembered for his work for the National Trust, rescuing some of England's greatest architectural treasures, and for the vivid and entertaining diaries which have earned him a reputation as 'the twentieth-century Pepys'. In this long-awaited biography, Michael Bloch portrays a life rich in contradictions, in which an unassuming youth overtook more dazzling contemporaries to emerge as a leading figure in the fields of conservation and letters. It describes Jim's bisexual love life, his tempestuous marriage to the exotic Alvilde, and his friendship with other fascinating literary figures including John Betjeman, Robert Byron, Rosamond Lehmann, and the Mitford sisters (whose brother Tom had been Jim's great love at Eton). It depicts a man who was romantically attached to the England of his childhood and felt out of tune with his own times, but who left an enduring legacy through the preservation of country houses and his eloquent chronicling of a dying world.
Arthur Kingsley Porter and the transatlantic shaping of art history, ca. 1910-1930
Emil Nervander as a pioneer of Finnish art history and antiquarian interests in Finland during the last decades of the 19th century / Leena Valkeapää
Aby Warburg and the image in motion
The Finnish post-avantgarde
Looking for the great fire : L. Onerva, the first female art historian in Finland
Routes from Ravenna to Russian Karelia : Erik Lundberg and Lars Pettersson
Art historian, collector, museum director and broadcaster, Kenneth Clark was one of the leading cultural figures in Britain in the midtwentieth century. Accompanying a major exhibition, this book considers all aspects of his life and work, including his television career that climaxed in the landmark series 'Civilisation'. Particular emphasis is placed on Clark's support of, and influence upon, the art of his time. As director of the National Gallery he oversaw the relocation of the collection during the Second World War. He chaired the pioneering War Artists Advisory Committee, and persauded the government not to conscript artists - Henry Moore was one such artist who greatly benefited from Clark's support. After the war he resigned his directorship to concentrate on writing, in 1954 was co-founder of the broadcasting company that was to become ITV, and chaired the Arts Council from 1955 to 1960. A passionate advocate of art being made accessible to all, in 1969 Clark wrote and presented 'Civilisation' for the BBC, distilling the history of Western philosophy, culture and art into thirteen groundbreaking episodes. After a period of neglect, there is now considerable interest in Clark among academics, publishers and broadcasters. As well as providing new research and information on Clark, the book is a significant intervention into histories of modern British art.
Art history in the age of Bellori : scholarship and cultural politics in seventeenth-century Rome
Looking for the great fire : L. Onerva, the first female art historian in Finland / Anna Kortelainen
Bernard Berenson : a life in the picture trade
The sea
The challenges of biographical research in art history today : taidehistoriallisia tutkimuksia 46 = konsthistoriska studier 46 / edited by Renja Suominen-Kokkonen
In the shadow of Velázquez : a life in art history
Angels and deamons
The art historian : national traditions and institutional practices
Few would have predicted that Bernard Berenson, from a poor Lithuanian Jewish immigrant family, would rise above poverty. Yet Berenson left his crowded home near Boston's railyards and transformed himself into the world's most renowned expert on Italian Renaissance paintings, the owner of a beautiful villa and an immense private library in the hills outside Florence. The explosion of the Gilded Age art market and Berenson's work for dealer Joseph Duveen supported a luxurious life, but it came with painful costs: Berenson hid his origins and, though his attributions remain foundational, felt that he had betrayed his gifts as a critic and interpreter of paintings. This finely drawn portrait of Berenson, the first biography devoted to him in a quarter century, draws on new archival materials that bring out the significance of his secret business dealings and the central importance of several women in his life and work: his sister Senda Berenson; his wife Mary Berenson; his patron Isabella Stewart Gardner; his lover Belle da Costa Greene; his dear friend Edith Wharton, and the companion of his last forty years, Nicky Mariano. Rachel Cohen explores Berenson's inner world and extraordinary visual capacity while also illuminating the historical forces-new capital, the developing art market, persistent anti-Semitism, and the two world wars-that profoundly affected his life.
Learning by looking (with words) : Wölfflin's legacy
The Da Vinci code
The autobiography of John Ruskin. Volume 2
The Vienna school reader : politics and art historical method in the 1930s
The Bellini Madonna
Focus on form : J. J. Tikkanen, Giotta and research in the 19th century
The idea of art as a form behind tactile values : the recuperation of art history c. 100 years ago
Ruskin, Turner and the Pre-Raphaelites
Episodes : a memorybook
Inferno
Riegl, Strzygowski and the development of art
James Lees-Milne : the life
The icon studies of a neophyte scolar : Lars Pettersson's war-time rivisited / Kari Kotkavaara
Exploring the invisible : art, science, and the spiritual
The darkening glass : a portrait of Ruskin's genius
Towards a science of art history : J. J. Tikkanen and art historical scholarship in Europe / [toimituskunta / redaktionskommitté / editorial board: Christian Hoffmann ... [et al.]] ; [päätoimittaja / huvudredaktör / editor in chief: Johanna Vakkari] ; [toimittaja / redaktör / editor: Johanna Vakkari]
Introduction : J. J. Tikkanen as an art historian / Johanna Vakkari
The definitive biography, based on exclusive access to diaries and personal papers, as well as the archive of Pevsner's landmark series, The Buildings of England.
Enchanted by Lohans : Osvald Sirén's Journey into Chinese art
Reviewing research on medieval wood sculptures : the encouter of Olga Alice Nygren and Carl Axel Nordman with the crowned Saint Anne / Elina Räsänen
Have you been good? : a memoir
The shaping of art history in Finland
J. J. Tikkanen and the origin of "Kunstwissenschat" in Italy
Women writing art history in the nineteenth century : looking like a woman
Learning by looking (with words) : Wölfflin's legacy / Dan Karlholm
Warburg and Böcklin : myths in word and image
Eliel Aspelin as researcher of ancient greek sculpture - a detour, or a breakaway from C. G. Estlander
Alois Riegl in Vienna 1875-1905 : an institutional biography
Lorentz Dietrichson and the making of Norwegian art history / Mai Britt Guleng
Focus on form : J. J. Tikkanen, Giotto and art research in the 19th century
Icon to cartoon : a tribute to Sixten Ringbom
Self and history : a tribute to Linda Nochlin
J. J. Tikkanen and the teaching of art history / Johanna Vakkari
Changing ideals in art history : Onni Okkonen and Lars Pettersson / Renja Suominen-Kokkonen
Craig Hugh Smyth : in memoriam
About Michael Baxandall
Nikolaus Pevsner : the life
Despite its origins in European models, the practice of art history in the United States has evolved into institutional protocols distinct from those of countries such as Germany, France, England and the Netherlands. Fourteen international scholars examine how these varying disciplinary practices might be characterized, in theory and actuality, in the past and the present, comparing the function of higher education in different national contexts and the extent that professionalisation encourages or limits critical innovation. The volume features essays by Mieke Bal, Stephen Bann, Horst Bredekamp, Perry Chapman, Georges Didi-Huberman, Eric Fernie, Francoise Forster-Hahn, Carlo Ginzburg, Charles M. Haxthausen, Deborah Marrow, Karen Michels, Willibald Sauerlander, Alain Schnapp and Michael F. Zimmermann.
The Danish art historian Julius Lange, his attitude to trends in art history in Europe and his collaboration with Scandinavian colleagues
Towards a science of art history : J. J. Tikkanen and art historical scholarship in Europe : the acts of an international conference, Helsinki, December 7.-8.2007
This book provides a roadmap of the field by re-examining the canonical works of art history. It looks at the foundational texts of the discipline, from Emile Males magisterial 1898 study of thirteenth-century French art to Hans Beltings provocative Likeness and Presence in 1990. Offering a critical re-examination of each book and the ideas and personalities that informed it, The Books That Shaped Art History provides an overview of the discipline, as told through its most enduring literature.
Reviewing research on medieval wood sculptures : the encouter of Olga Alice Nygren and Carl Axel Nordman with the crowned Saint Anne
The idea of art as a form behind tactile values : the recuperation of art in art history c. 100 years ago / Altti Kuusamo
In this lucid, witty book, the eminent art historian Jonathan Brown examines links between his personal life and his study of Hispanic art of the Golden Age. His adventures are offered as a model for understanding how art history is shaped by life experiences, and he describes the influence of his parents, Jean and Leonard Brown, noted collectors of documentation of 20th-century avant-garde movements.His turn to research on the Golden Age of Spanish art was motivated by a year in Madrid, 1958-59. Art history in Spain was modeled on the policies of the Franco regime, and Brown sought to find different ways to interpret Spanish painting. His approach is demonstrated by fresh insight into painters, including Velázquez. A new interpretation of Las Meninas is proposed and the perils of attribution are examined. Later in his career, Brown began to study the transformation of Spanish art in the Americas. The book originated as a series of six lectures delivered at the Museo Nacional del Prado in 2012.
About Stephen Bann
The Da Vinci -code
That Ernst Gombrich was one of the most important art historians of the 20th century would seem to go without saying. And so one might expect him to feature prominently in the numerous surveys, guides and introductions to the history and methods of art history produced during the past two decades. Precisely the opposite, however, is the case. One reason for this certainly was that Gombrich was an avowed enemy of big ideas, interested not in generalizations but in the specifics of individual cases. Avoiding jargon or rhetoric, standing for common sense, he always argued from clear premises, and his thought was also very wide-ranging. He never owned a subject, remarking, "It cannot be too often repeated that the best tribute one can pay a scholar is to take him seriously and constantly to reappraise his lines of argument." The importance of Gombrich's work on the history of taste has yet to be fully recognized, and when it comes to the application of developments in psychology to the visual arts he has remained largely, among art historians, on his own. These essays assess the nature of his empiricism, the degree to which his ideas have been adopted, overturned or developed, and his contribution to the dialogue of art and perception.
Angels and demons
The life of Kakuzo : author of The Book of Tea
Rakkaudesta kaupunkiin : Riitta Nikulan juhlakirja : Festschrift to Riitta Nikula = For love of the City
Mind and matter : selected papers of Nordik 2009 Conference for Art Historians, Jyväskylä, September 17.-19. 2009
The music lesson
Lorentz Dietrichson and the making of Norwegian art history
The Finnish women artists' exhibition in Berlin in 1943 : Aune Lindström's tour de force / Hanne Selkokari
Meditations on a heritage : papers on the work and legacy of Sir Ernst Gombrich
Roy Strong : self-portrait as a young man
The Samhan period in Korean history
After Vasari : history, art, and patronage in late Medici Florence
Routes from Ravenna to Russian Karelia : Erik Lundberg and Lars Pettersson / Renja Suominen-Kokkonen
Introduction : J. J. tikkanen as an art historian
The autobiography of John Ruskin. Volume 3
Kenneth Clark : looking for civilisation
Without knowing everything, nothing is known definitely - J. J. Tikkanen's archive as an art-historical encyclopaedia
Osvald Sirén : tracing his path in art history
Tancred Borenius - our man in England / Johanna M. Lindfors
What I loved
Mask of treachery
Bibliography of Sixten Ringbom (1935-1992) / compiled by Rolf Nummelin
Women artists : the Linda Nochlin reader
The Danish art historian Julius Lange, his attitude to trends in art history in Europe and his collaboration with Scandinavian colleagues / Marianne Marcussen
Sigfried Giedion in memorian 10.4.1968
The autobiography of John Ruskin. Volume 1
Studies of wooden churches in Finland : Josef Strzygowski and Lars Petterson
The Da Vinci Code
A legacy regained : Nikolai Khardzhiev and the Russian avant-garde
Anthony Blunt : his lives
Tour around the world of art : an art historical excursion to Berlin in 1919 / Minna Törmä
Kenneth Clark : a biography
Angels and demons : Robert Langdon's first adventure
Doctoral dissertations in art history in Finland / compiled by Renja Suominen-Kokkonen
Vasari and the Renaissance print
Rakkaudesta kaupunkiin : Riitta Nikulan juhlakirja = For love of the City : Festschrift to Riitta Nikula
The books that shaped art history : from Gombrich and Greenberg to Alpers and Krauss
"The first documented dossier on Anthony Blunt's Cambridge spy ring."
Principles of art history : the problem of the development of style in early modern art
Bibliography of Bo Ossian Lindberg
Ringbom on Kandinsky : the contested roots of modern art / Marja Väätäinen
Giorgio Vasari : of his life and art
Tancred Borenius - our man in England
The Vienna School of art history : empire and the politics of scholarship, 1847-1918
The architect Jac. Ahrenberg and studies on Turku castle at the turn of the 20th century / Anna Ripatti
My dear BB ... : the letters of Bernard Berenson and Kenneth Clark, 1925-1959
The 1920s : a decade of change in the life of Osvald Sirén
