http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15181 pine bogs
pine bogs
The moorlands of England and Wales : an environmental history 8000 BC- AD 2000
Potassium stores in peatlands drained for forestry
Plant biomarkers as a proxy to study highly decomposed fen peat
An alternative hypothesis for the cause of the ivory-billed woodpecker's decline
Fens and bogs in the Netherlands : vegetation, history, nutrient dynamics and conservation
Geochemical alteration of gold occurrences in the late Archean Hattu schist belt, Ilomantsi, eastern Finland
Ditch spacing as a regulator of post-drainage stand development in spruce and in pine swamps
Effect of fertilization on dry mass accumulation and nutrient cycling in Scots pine on an ombrotrophic bog
Biomass and nutrient dynamics of Scots pine on a drained ombrotrophic bog
Trembling earth : a cultural history of the Okefenokee Swamp
Effect of drainage maintenance on the nutrient status on drained Scots pine mires
Habitat loss and degradation are the main threats to biodiversity worldwide. For example, nearly 80% of peatlands in southern Finland have been drained. There is thus a need to safeguard the remaining pristine mires and to restore degraded ones. Ants play a pivotal role in many ecosystems and like many keystone plant species, shape ecosystem conditions for other biota. The effects of mire restoration and subsequent vegetation succession on ants, however, are poorly understood. We inventoried tree stands, vegetation, water-table level, and ants (with pitfall traps) in nine mires in southern Finland to explore differences in habitats, vegetation and ant assemblages among pristine, drained (30-40 years ago) and recently restored (1-3 years ago) pine mires. We expected that restoring the water-table level by ditch filling and reconstructing sparse tree stands by cuttings will recover mire vegetation and ants. We found predictable responses in habitat structure, floristic composition and ant assemblage structure both to drainage and restoration. However, for mire-specialist ants the results were variable and longer-term monitoring is needed to confirm the success of restoration since these social insects establish perennial colonies with long colony cycles. We conclude that restoring the water-table level and tree stand structure seem to recover the characteristic vegetation and ant assemblages in the short term. This recovery was likely enhanced because drained mires still had both acrotelm and catotelm, and connectedness was still reasonable for mire organisms to recolonize the restored mires either from local refugia or from populations of nearby mires..
Short-term changes in vegetation on pine mires after drainage for forestry
An electron microprobe study of the silver mineralogy in the Vihanti Pb-Ag-deposit, Finland
The Archaean gold mineralization in Rämepuro, Ilomantsi greenstone belt, eastern Finland
Biomass and nutrient dynamics of scots pine on a drained ombrotrophic bog
Size, form and composition of gold grains in glacial drift in Ilomantsi, eastern Finland
The effects of drainage and restoration of pine mires on habitat structure, vegetation and ants
Stand structural dynamics on pristine and managed boreal peatlands
