http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15164 budgets (governmental)
budgets (governmental) government budgets
A tale of two agencies : a comparative analysis of the General Accounting Office and the Office of Management and Budget
The Soviet budget
A history of taxation and expenditure in the Western world
Budjettisanasto : Suomen valtion talousarvioon liittyviä keskeisiä käsitteitä = Budgetordlista : centrala begrepp gällande Finlands statsbudget = Budget glossary : key concepts related to the finnish budget = Haushaltsglossar : zentrale Begriffe aus dem Haushaltswesen des finnischen Staates = Vocabulaire budgétaire : notions centrales relatives au budget de l'Etat finlandais
When the marching stopped : the politics of civil rights regulatory agencies
Budget financing and monetary control
Main results of the April 2002 fiscal notifications presented by the candidate countries
The role of parliamentary services in processing the state budget : the proceedings of the International Conference on the Role of Parliamentary Services in Processing the State Budget, Przegolzaly/Cracow, June 23-25, 1997
Tax subsidies : achievement of accountability
The constitutionalization of European budgetary constraints
Tax expenditures in Finland : appendix 2 to the Governement proposal for the 2000 State Budget
Congressional practice and procedure : a reference, research, and legislative guide
Approaching the European federation?
Income distribution in OECD countries
Summary and main conclusions (s. 1-6).
Greening the budget : budgetary policies for environmental improvement
Output gaps and the government budget balance : the case of Finland
Performance budgeting in OECD countries
Congressional procedures and the policy process
Comparative public budgeting : a global perspective
Elements in a strategy for increased growth, competitiveness and employment
Does education matter? : spending preferences of Finnish university students on budgetary issues
Managing public expenditure : a reference book for transition countries
The fiscal structure of the Russian Federation : financial flows between the center and the regions
The private government of public money : community and policy inside British policy
Budgeting : a comparative theory of budgetary processes
The Federal budget : economics and politics
The capacity to budget
Business subsidies and bureaucratic behaviour
The political pursestrings : the role of the legislature in the budgetary process
"Zero-base-budgeting" : the options for using this method in selected member states of the European Union
Central Government Budget Proposal 2004.
National accounting and capital
Budgeting for results : perspectives on public expenditure management
Executive summary (s. 7-10).
Tax expenditures in Finland
The organization of hypocrisy : talk, decisions and actions in organizations
The public finances : an introductory textbook
Increased income inequality in OECD countries and the redistributive impact of the government budget
Country profile : Hungary 1992
Documents on democracy in the Federal Republic of Germany : basic law for the Federal Republic of Germany, law on the Federal Constitutional Court, law on political parties, Federal electoral law, rules of procedure of the German Bundestag
Fiscal transfers and redistribution in the European union : do smaller member states ger more than their share?
Renewed national defense planning and management : capability-based planning, programming, budgeting and execution system for small states
Budget reform in developing countries : papers of a Workshop held in New York, 4-5 December 1997
Making America's budget policy : from the 1980s to the 1990s
20 années de réformes budgétaires : essai d'un bilan international : rapport général = 20 years of budgetary reform : a tentative international stocktaking : general report
Summary (s. 11-13).
The future of party government. Vol. 4, Budgetary politics and elections : an investigation of public expenditures in West Germany
Do benevolent aspects have room in explaining EU budget receipts?
Democracy in deficit : the political legacy of Lord Keynes
The stability programme, budgetary framework and budgetary power of parliament
Business subsidies and bureaucratic behaviour : a revised approach
The politics of the budgetary process
The Budget-maximizing bureaucrat : appraisals and evidence
Main results of the April 2003 fiscal notifications presented by the candidate countries
The new politics of the budgetary process
Congress A to Z : CQ's ready reference encyclopedia
2005 fiscal notifications of acceding and candidate countries : overview and assessment
The private government of public money : community and policy inside British politics
Conflict and change in EU budgetary politics
The European parliament
Secret incomes of the Soviet state budget
Summary of results and concluding remarks (s. 157-162).
Current Japanese fiscal conditions and issues to be considered
Citizen participation and pro-poor budgeting
Congressional spending : a Twentieth Century Fund report
Fiscal frameworks across Member States : Commission services' country fiches from the 2011 EPC peer review
Budgets of parliaments : what are the procedures involved? : how are they controlled?
The fiscal crisis of the state
Legislatures are political bodies essential to democracy and the rule of law. They present social scientists with numerous intriguing puzzles, with far-reaching implications for our understanding of political institutions. Why, and how, have these ancient assemblies, established in pre-democratic times, survived the transition ...
The Reagan record : an assessment of America's changing domestic priorities
Democracy and deficits : the new political economy of fiscal management reforms in the European Union
Multiobjective budgetary planning : models for interactive planning in decentralized organizations
2006 fiscal notifications of acceding and candidate countries : overview and assessment
How sensitive is the public budget balance to cyclical fluctuations in the EU?
Executive summary (s. 15-18).
National budget for... Finland
Budgetary decisions : a public choice approach
The Oxford handbook of legislative studies
Griffith & Ryle on Parliament : functions, practices and procedures
Journal of public budgeting, accounting & financial management
The budgetary process in the United States
Economic policy in the European Union
The role of the Prime Minister in France, 1981-91
The structure of budget demands in Denmark, Norway and Sweden
Domestic budgets in a United Europe : fiscal governance from the end of Bretton Woods to EMU
European economy. Reports and studies. 1999, 6, Generational accounting in Europe
Public budgeting : policy, process, and politics
Making budgets : public resource allocation
European economy. Reports and studies. 2001:3, Public finances in EMU - 2001.
Handbook on performance management
Towards the managed economy : Keynes, the treasury and the fiscal policy debate of the 1930s
Handbook on public budgeting and financial management
