http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15199 oceanic climate
oceanic climate
Seas and oceans
Cod and climate change : proceedings of a symposium held in Reykjavík, 23-27 August 1993
Climatological and oceanographic atlas for mariners. Volume 1, North Atlantic Ocean
Ships, sulphur and climate : is it a good time to reduce the sulphur emissions from shipping?
Climate change : the science of global warming and our energy future
Abstract.
Climate change in the Baltic Sea Area : HELCOM Thematic Assessment in 2007.
Towards climate change adaptation strategies in the Baltic Sea Region : developing policies and adaptation strategies to climate change in the Baltic Sea Region
Top dive sites of the Indian Ocean : [95 of the Indian Ocean's most exciting and challenging dive sites]
U.S. navy marine climatic atlas of the world. Volume 3, Indian Ocean
Our threatened oceans
Climate and water in Europe : water quality and aquatic ecosystems
U.S. navy marine climatic atlas of the world. Volume 4, South Atlantic Ocean
Subtropical and dry climate plants : the definitive practical guide
Baltic Sea Science Congress 2003 Helsinki, August 24-28 : abstract publication
Review of the state of world marine fishery resources
Review of ocean climate research : role of the Nordic countries in global ocean climate research
The impact of abrupt suspension of solar radiation management (termination effect) in experiment G2 of the Geoengineering Model Intercomparison Project (GeoMIP)
State of Mediterranean forests 2013.
Alantic pilot atlas : pilot charts and regional weather conditions for the North Atlantic, South Atlantic, Caribbean, and Mediterranean
Global climate change and the rising challenge of the sea
Global climates since the last glacial maximum
The impact of climate change on the Baltic Sea ice and soil frost beneath snow-free surfaces in Finland
The Usborne encyclopedia of planet Earth
Proceedings of the first workshop on the Baltic Sea ice climate : Tvärminne, Finland, 24-26 August 1993
Secular change of the seasonal sea level variation in the Baltic sea and secular change of the winter climate
State and evolution of the Baltic Sea, 1952-2005 : a detailed 50-year survey of meteorology and climate, physics, chemistry, biology, and marine environment
A farewell to ice
Climate change : observed impacts on planet Earth
U. S. Navy marine climatic atlas of the world. Volume 1, North Atlantic Ocean
The atlas of coasts & oceans : ecosystems, threatened resources, marine conservation
Consequences to large scale perturbations to marine ecosystems and their species composition
The earth system
Oceans & Extreme earth : fun, facts and stories with a Ripley twist!
El Niño southern oscillation & climatic variability
ENSO Signal propagation detected by wavelet coherence and mean phase coherence methods
The arctic and environmental change
The politicization of the Arctic in the beginning of the 21st century : how do the Arctic Ocean states legitimate their new role in the Arctic of melting ice and new opportunities?
Climate related changes in temperature, pH and food quality : effects on copepod reproduction
Do whales get the bends? : answers to 118 fascinating questions about the sea
The polar oceans and their role in shaping the global environment : the Nansen centennial volume
Long-term changes in Baltic Sea ice conditions
Variability of the oceans
Simulated Arctic atmospheric feedbacks associated with late summer sea ice anomalies
Review of the state of world marine fishery resurces
Climatological and sea-surface current chart of the North Atlantic Ocean
Highest mountain deepest ocean : a pictorial compendium of natural wonders
Surface influence on the marine and coastal antarctic atmosphere
Fish atlas of the Celtic Sea, North Sea, and Baltic Sea : based on international research-vessel surveys
Introductory physics of the atmosphere and ocean
Scientific plan for a regional programme in the arctic on global change : proceedings of a workshop at Reykjavik, Iceland 22-25 April 1992.
Glaciations and climate in the Cenozoic Arctic : evidence from microtextures of ice-rafted quartz grains
IPCC workshop on rapid non-linear climate change, Noordwijkerhout, The Netherlands, 31 March - 2 April, 1998 : workshop report
How the ocean works : an introduction to oceanography
Strategic assessment of development of the Arctic : assessment conducted for the European Union
The rising tide : global warming and world sea levels
U.S. navy marine climatic atlas of the world. Volume 8, The world
The climate of Tierra del Fuego from a vegetation geographical point of view and its ecoclimatic counterparts elsewhere
The adventures of Earth : climb, sail and explore our amazing planet
Second assessment of climate change for the Baltic Sea basin / : The BACC II Author Team
Atlas of the oceans: wind and wave climate
Currents of change : el Nino`s impact on climate and society
Understanding sea-level rise and variability
Middellandse zee : oceanografische en meteorologische gegevens = The Mediterranean : oceanographic and meteorological data
Treeline in relation to climate, with special reference to oceanic areas
The warmwatersphere of the North Atlantic Ocean
Global ocean ecosystem dynamics (GLOBEC) : science plan
Climate and geo-sciences : a challenge for science and society in the 21st century
Climatic variations and some examples of their effects on the marine ecology of Icelandic and Greenland waters, in particular during the present century and Interactions between capelin (Mallotus villosus) and other species and the significance of such interactions for the management and harvesting of marine ecosystems in the northern North Atlantic
U.S. Navy Marine climatic atlas of the world. Volume 5, South Pacific Ocean
Great barrier reef : a portait of a biological miracle
Arctic climate change : the ACSYS decade and beyond
White Sea : its marine environment and ecosystem dynamics influenced by global change
Ocean : the world's last wilderness revealed
Publications of second workshop on the Baltic Sea ice climate
The other moratorium : freezing central arctic fisheries as the ice withdraws
Summary (s. 6-8).
Unprecedented low twentieth century winter sea ice extent in the Western Nordic Seas since A.D. 1200
Climates of the world
Arctic shipping emissions in the changing climate
Climate atlas of the Atlantic Ocean : derived from the Comprehensive Ocean Atmosphere data set (COADS)
U.S. navy marine climatic atlas of the world. Volume 6, Arctic Ocean
U.S. Navy marine climatic atlas of the world. Volume 2, North Pacific Ocean
Glaciations and climate in the Cenozoic Arctic:evidence from microtextures of ice-rafted quartz grains
Cyclic climate changes and fish productivity
Dynamics of marine ecosystems : biological-physical interactions in the oceans
Climate-ocean interaction
Belgian Scientific Research Programme on the Antarctic : phase IV: 1997-2000 : synopsis
The oceans and climate
On sea ice
About planet earth
Changing climate and the oceans
Evidence from wavelet lag coherence for negligible solar forcing of climate at multi-year and decadal periods
