http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1517 rooms
rooms
Norway spruce fine root dynamics and carbon input into soil in relation to environmental factors
The big book of interiors : Design ideas for every room
Solar Photovoltaic
Teen zone : stylish living for teens
Learning from Rivals : Benchmarking for Martela Oyj
Small rooms for kids = Petites chambres d'enfant = Kleine Kinderzimmer
Energy : the basics
Diffusion GHG fluxes at tropical peatland drainage canal water surfaces
Horse dung contains considerable amounts of nitrogen which is partly lost during the storage period. Leaching of nitrogen from the dung can be prevented with constructions but also gaseous N-emissions occur. However, the emission rates are not reported in the literature. We measured in laboratory conditions nitrous oxide (N2O), nitric oxide (NO) and nitrous acid (HONO) emissions from fresh, one month old and one year old horse dung samples. NO and HONO emissions increased with the storage time of the dung. The mean emission rates of HONO and NO were from 36 to 280 ng N kg dw-1h-1 and from 15 to 3500 ng N kg dw-1h-1, respectively. N2O emissions were more variable showing also highest emissions (20.3 µg N kg dw-1 h-1) from the oldest samples. Thus, the longer storage of horse dung increases gaseous N losses which should be taken into account when planning the environmental friendly way to handle horse dung..
John Houghton's market-leading textbook is now in full colour and includes the latest IPCC findings, making it the definitive guide to climate change. Written for students across a wide range of disciplines, its simple, logical flow of ideas gives an invaluable grounding in the science and impacts of climate change and highlights the need for action on global warming. Is there evidence for climate changing due to human activities? How do we account for recent extremes of weather and climate? Can global electricity provision and transport ever be carbon free? Written by a leading figure at the forefront of action to confront humanity's most serious environmental problem, this undergraduate textbook comprehensively explores these and other issues, allowing students to think through the problem, assess the data and draw conclusions on the action that should be taken, by governments, by industry and by each and every one of us.
Effects of supplemental lighting, semi-closed greenhouse and split-root fertigation on weekly to seasonal heat and electricity use and CO2 emissions in cucumber growing were estimated in Finland. With moderate lighting (170 W m-2 above rows, 60 W m-2 inter-row) in a ventilated greenhouse, seasonal electricity and heat use (MJ kg-1 cucumber) were 20-50 and 10-25, 17-30 and 3-8, 38-55 and 10-18 in spring, summer and autumn to mid-winter, respectively. In summer, a semi-closed greenhouse improved energy use efficiency by 20-30% and split-root fertigation by 0-15%. Raising light intensity and applying inter- row lighting allowed higher yields in autumn to mid-winter without affecting electricity use efficiency. In other seasons, increasing the lighting decreased the efficiency. The emissions largely resulted from electricity use. Direct emissions (kg CO2-eq kg-1) based on propane and electricity from the national grid were 2.5, 1.5 and 3.3 in spring, summer and autumn to mid-winter, respectively. Efficiency of using solar and supplemental PAR was markedly lower in summer than in other seasons. The results provide profile of energy use and emissions and point to ways to reduce them.
Identification and quantification of indirect land and resource use changes : challenges caused by expanding liquid biofuel production
Design for small spaces
The Amber Room : the fate of the world's greatest lost treasure
Suites are not sold as frequently as desired. Therefore promotion of these higher-priced rooms may have a significant influence on the revenue if the frequency for suites sold could be increased. It is to be kept in mind that the value for what is bought is to be perceived equal or greater with the rate for the purchase to be made. In order to achieve the goal of higher revenue from sold suites, appropriate tools regarding the sales process are in demand.     This project-based thesis is designed for Radisson Blu Hotels' individual room reservations department in Ässäkeskus, Helsinki. All seven of the chain's hotels in Finland are sold at the same sales service. Therefore as vast amount of information as possible is required to be possessed by the sales representatives in order to successfully perform their work; primarily handling inbound calls. At the moment, suites are experienced challenging to be sold due to the current level of information. Hence, a more descriptive and detailed suite manual was needed.    This thesis starts with a discussion of a profound sales process conducted on the phone due to the nature of work that is done at Radisson Blu sales service. The process is discussed from the greeting stage until the end of the interaction process. Particularly investigation of customer needs as well as the product presentation stage are crucial as determining the most suitable room category to fill the needs and desires of the customer. Moreover, identification of factors influencing the individual work performance is covered due to the importance of personal selling skills. Furthermore, to illustrate the subjects being discussed, examples are given.    After the theory part, the steps concerning the compilation of the new suite manual are discussed in detail. In order to have a manual targeted for the users of it, a thorough and versatile process was necessary for a satisfying result to be achieved. Therefore the old manual was assessed and the results utilised in the new version. Moreover, the involvement of the Radisson Blu sales representatives, hotel personnel as well as personal visits at hotels were essential throughout the planning and execution of the project. Assistance provided by the staff in hotels was important due to their expertise regarding the suites of their own prop-erty.    A sales tool for the sales representatives striving for more frequently sold suites was designed. As a result, the challenge to sell a suite was alleviated due to increased product knowledge. The new suite manual was welcomed with pleasure to support the selling of suites in Radisson Blu Hotels in Finland.
Emotional bathroom design to an Estonian family home
Making REDD+ work for communities and forests : three shared lessons for project designers
The chemical composition, in vitro rumen fermentation variables and methane (CH₄) output of a range of common forb species sampled in spring and summer, and grass silage (14 treatments in total), were determined in this study. Dried, milled herbage samples were incubated in an in vitro rumen batch culture with rumen microbial inoculum (rumen fluid) and buffered mineral solution (artificial saliva) at 39 °C for 24 hours. All herbage chemical composition and in vitro rumen fermentation variables were affected (p<0.001) by treatment. Rumex obtusifolius (in spring and summer), Urtica dioica (summer) and Senecio jacobaea (summer) had lower (p<0.05) CH₄ outputs relative to feed dry matter incubated compared with grass silage, reflecting their lower extent of in vitro rumen fermentation.
Small spaces : maximizing limited spaces for living
Analysis of Japanese and Finnish furniture design : a consideration for product identity and the relativity of industrial development and cultural context
Essential storage : the back to basics guide to home design, decoration and furnishing
Chinese furniture
CO2 Capture and storage in energy production
Emissions of nitrous acid (HONO), nitric oxide (NO), and nitrous oxide (N2O) from horse dung
Carbon dioxide and methane exchange between a boreal pristine lake and the atmosphere
A fatal winter : a Max Tudor novel
At home : a short history of private life
Regularization in multistage cooperitive games
Room acoustics
Acoustic design and noise control
The food axis : cooking, eating, and the architecture of American houses
Reducing greenhouse gas emissions by recycling plastics and textiles into products
Carbon dioxide exchange on cultivated and afforested boreal peatlands
Multisensory rooms and environments : controlled sensory experiences for people with profound and multiple disabilities
Möbel und Wohnraum = Meubles et aménagements intérieurs = Furniture and rooms
The Possibilities for Differentiation in the Chinese Furniture Industry : Case Company: IKEA China
Towards a new climate regime? : views of China, India, Japan, Russia and The United States on the road to Copenhagen
Anthropogenic forcing dominates sea level rise since 1850
Below-ground processes in meadow soil under elevated ozone and carbon dioxide : greenhouse gas fluxes, N cycling and microbial communities
Towards a new climate regime? : the key players gearing up for Copenhagen
Experimental study of the localized room fires : NFSC2 test series
Acknowledging that plant nutrition in greenhouse cultivation differs in many essentials from field production, this book details specific information about testing methods for soils and substrates in a greenhouse environment.
Climate strategy study for Pori region
The emergence of the interior : architecture, modernity, domesticity
Environmental impacts of conventionally and year-round produced greenhouse tomato (Solanum lycopersicum L.) production chain in Finland
Queen Victoria
The Effects of Internet Pages and Online Advertising in Consumer Behavior, Case Ikea Tampere
This captivating book explores the lives of the ordinary people of Pompeii and Herculaneum – the two cities on the Bay of Naples that were buried by the catastrophic volcanic eruption of Mount Vesuvius in AD 79. The plaster-cast bodies of the victims are the most vivid shocking reminders of the horrific event that made Pompeii famous, but who were these men, women and children so cruelly frozen in time? The author and curator of the exhibition brings the inhabitants of Pompeii and Herculaneum back to life from the ashes and ruins of their own homes. Amongst the artefacts are magnificent mosaics, a carbonized wooden cradle and a birth certificate of a little girl, each of which is accompanied by stunning new photography.
Plant factory : an indoor vertical farming system for efficient quality food production
Recording spaces
Universal design for the home : great looking, great living design for all ages, abilities, and circumstances
The simple home : decorating with white, cream & natural materials
The greenhouse effect and Finnish agriculture
New built-ins idea book
Assessing greenhouse gas emission from waste management in EU countries
Urban form and greenhouse gas emissions : summary
Environmental impact of household biogas plants in India : local and global perspective
Domestic interiors : representing homes from the Victorians to the moderns
Greenhouse impact assessment of some combustible fuels with a dynamic life cycle approach
Greenhouse Gas Assessment of Nokian Tyres
Climate change and agriculture : theory and application of mitigation policies
Memoirs of a geisha
Front office operations and management
Effective marketing means for small companies : Case: Ettonet Oy
The aim of this study is to present the light emitting diode (LED) technology for greenhouse plant lighting and to give an overview about LED light effects on photosynthetic indices, growth, yield and nutritional value in green vegetables and tomato, cucumber, sweet pepper transplants. The sole LED lighting, applied in closed growth chambers, as well as combinations of LED wavelengths with conventional light sources, fluorescent and high pressure sodium lamp light, and natural illumination in greenhouses are overviewed. Red and blue light are basal in the lighting spectra for green vegetables and tomato, cucumber, and pepper transplants; far red light, important for photomorphogenetic processes in plants also results in growth promotion. However, theoretically unprofitable spectral parts as green or yellow also have significant physiological effects on investigated plants. Presented results disclose the variability of light spectral effects on different plant species and different physiological indices.
Energy efficient model for biogas production in farm scale
Jumblebum : [the monster who loves mess!]
Babies' & children's rooms
Death of a cozy writer
Room rescues : decorating solutions for awkward spaces
Michael Lin : Kunsthalle Wien, project space, 20.4. - 29.5.2005 / [Herausgeber = editor: Sabine Folie, Gerald Matt]
Low Carbon Life
My house = Taloni
Symbolicially embedded : essays on the creation and use of symbolic resources in furniture networks
Finnish 2002 inventory of HFC, PFC and SF6 emissions
The use of old photographs in the renovation and reconstruction of rooms at the Sinebrychoff Art Museum
The natural home : stylish living inspired by nature
Is Inspired by Design a Copyright Infringement?
Testing of frost hardiness models for Pinus sylvestris in natural conditions and in elevated temperature
Proceedings from the seminar : manure - an agronomic and environmental challenge. NJF-seminar 372, arranged by NJF sections, soil, water and environment; engineering. Nils Holgersson gymnasiet Skurup, Sweden September 5-6, 2005.
Timeless living : handbook 2008-2009
The Royal wedding for dummies
Ghosts of crises past : comparing Japanese policy effectiveness in the 1970s oil crises and contemporary climate change
Room for children : stylish places for sleep and play
Assessing the sustainability of liquid biofuels from evolving technologies : a Finnish approach
Life and death in Pompeii and Herculaneum
Korean furniture and culture
Emissions into air by industry
Welsh country furniture
150 best apartment ideas
Islamic Tourism as a Prosperous Phenomenon in Lapland
Market research of German Horticulture : Case: Netled Oy
Increasing Sales at IKEA Tampere during Peak Days
Hotel management and operations
Bryant & May and the memory of blood
Special requirements of aquaponics in Finland
Linking an EU emission reduction target beyond 20 % to energy security in Central and Eastern Europe
Cleanroom technology : fundamentals of design, testing and operation
The complete home decorator : over 200 practical projects to transform your home, with more than 1000 colour photographs
The effects of light-emitting diode lighting on greenhouse plant growth and quality
The poetics of space
Living in Japan
The making of home
Spaces for leisure
Russian pledge vs. business-as-usual : implementing energy efficiency policies can curb carbon emissions
Field notes from a catastrophe : a frontline report on climate change
Dream Home
Calamity in Kent
Technology of Furniture Production
Practical hydroponics & greenhouses
Girls' world : making cool stuff for your room, your friends & you
Chinesism in modern furniture design : the chair as an example
Climatic sensitivity of hydrology and carbon exchanges in boreal peatland ecosystems, with implications on sustainable management of reed canary grass (Phalaris arundinacea, L.) on cutaway peatlands
Simulating energy consumption and greenhouse gas emissions in Finnish residential buildings
Effective Outsourcing of Furniture Production for International Companies in Vietnam
Outlook on mechanical wood processing in Estonia
Enhancing methane production in a farm-scale biogas production system
A Business Plan of Teahouse in Helsinki, Finland
Wireless systems in greenhouse
Fluxes of nitrous oxide on natural peatlands in Vuotos, an area projected for a hydroelectric reservoir in northern Finland
Carbon stocks, greenhouse gas emissions and water balance of Sudanese savannah woodlands in relation to climate change
The joy of less : a minimalist living guide : how to declutter, organize, and simplify your life
Effects of lighting, semi-closed greenhouse and split-root fertigation on energy use and CO2 emissions in high latitude cucumber growing
Geography of home : writings on where we live
Factors controlling carbon gas fluxes in boreal lakes
Review, Assessment and Development of Search Engine for Residential Wood Combustion
A Study of User Experience: Aesthetic, Tangible User Interface Concepts in the Context of Adaptive Hotel Room
Urine as a fertilizer for lettuce grown in greenhouse conditions
Jesper Rasmussen : off location : Galerie MollerWitt, [Århus], 2. april - 2. maj, 2004 / [text: Anna Krogh]
Improved suite manual for the use of sales representatives : case study: Radisson Blu Hotels & Resorts, Finland
Northern crowns : the kings of modern Scandinavia
Abstract (kuvailulehti): Reducing greenhouse gas emissions by recycling plastics and textiles into products.
In the rooms of Häme castle
Use of biomass fuels in the brick-making industries of Sudan : implications for deforestation and greenhouse gas emission
In vitro rumen methane output of forb species sampled in spring and summer
Feasibility study on renewable energy systems and selected insulation applications : smart solutions for energy saving
Dairy cow excreta patches change the boreal grass swards from sink to source of methane
Furniture makeovers : simple techniques for transforming furniture with paint, stains, paper, stencils, and more
Assessment of CO2 fluxes and effects of possible climate changes on forests in Estonia
Period rooms : in The Metropolitan  Museum of Art
The secret rooms
What does the house of your dream look like? Would you rather have a huge bedroom with an elegant canopy bed or a spacious living room big enough for a grand piano? In Dream Home, you desing your own custom home from scratch. Your creative vision drives every decision, from the type of roof to sthe style of interior décor. But make sure you keep up with the Joneses. At the end of the game, the nicest home on the block will be the envy of the neighborhood.
Employee Motivation at IKEA Espoo
We studied methane (CH₄) flux rates from experimental excreta patches on a dairy pasture with a chamber technique during snow free seasons and with a gas gradient technique during winter from timothy-meadow fescue sward with mineral N fertilization (220 kg ha-1) and from grass-white clover mixture without fertilization. The dung and urine patches were applied in June or August two consecutive grazing seasons and the measurements were carried out for a year following each application. There were no significant differences in CH₄  fluxes between plant species and emissions originated mainly from the fresh dung pats. The average annual CH₄ fluxes from the control sites without excreta were -0.60±0.1 and with the excreta 0.47±0.3 kg CH₄ ha-1. Thus, excreta originating from dairy cows can turn boreal swards from weak sinks to small sources of CH₄. However, these emissions are only 0.2% of the total CH₄ emissions from a dairy cow.
Climate impacts of peat fuel utilization chains : a critical review of the Finnish and Swedish life cycle assessments
Automatic Washing System : Analysis of Problems and Evaluation of Possible Solutions
Implementing the climate regime : international compliance
Business plan for a Chinese furniture company
From waste to traffic fuel (W-Fuel)
Ikea success in chinese furniture
Timeless living : 1995-2005
The wings
Global warming : the complete briefing
Problems connected with Finnish rustic parlours
Civil aviation carbon dioxide emissions in China
Plant nutrition of greenhouse crops
Just climate? : politics of climate change and cnvironmental justice
Ships, sulphur and climate : is it a good time to reduce the sulphur emissions from shipping?
Methods to reduce CO2 emissions from offices and public events inFinland
Modern furniture in the avantgarde arcitecture town Turku in the late 1920s and early 1930s
Space within : reshaping the home for contemporary living
Essential small spaces : the back to basics guide to home design, decoration & furnishing
Miniature worlds in 1/12 scale
Locked in
Achieving cost efficiency with the 30% greenhouse gas emission reduction target of the EU
A new room for William
And then there were none
Room for the baby
Saladin and the fall of the kingdom of Jerusalem
Models in country scale carbon accounting of forest soils
Establishing a tea shop successfully in Varkaus
Make and furnish your own miniature rooms
Atmospheric impact of bioenergy based on reed canary grass cultivation on organic soil
Estimation of eucalyptus forest plantations carbon sequestration potential in Uruguay with the CO2fix model
Gobelin as part of furniture
My Pooh playhouse : [a pop-up and play book]
Archaea, Bacteria, and methane production along environmental gradients in fens and bogs
Establishing an online store in the furniture retail business : Case study of Lähdesmäki Oy
