http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15223 urea
urea carbamide
Bis-urea macrocycles with a deep cavity
Pre-harvest soil acidification, liming or N fertilization did not significantly affect the survival and growth of young Norway spruce
The aim of the present study was to investigate the effectiveness of whey proteins when mixed with hot-water extracts of  Artemisia and Capparis spp. against lipid peroxidation induced by lead acetate in rats. Chemical composition and antioxidant activities of hot-water extracts of Artemisia and Capparis spp., ingested individually or mixed with whey proteins, were estimated and evaluated. Glutathione-S-transferase, triglyceride, urea and asparate transaminase (GPT and GOT) levels were estimated after lead acetate administration. In sera of treated rats, fed hot-water extracts of Artemisia and Capparis spp. individually or mixed with whey proteins, glutathione-S-transferase activity was improved significantly against lead acetate-contamination compared with positive and negative control. The biochemical alterations produced by lipid peroxidation after lead administration returned to normal values or were even improved due to high levels of total antioxidants in extracts of Artemisia and Capparis spp., specially when mixed with whey proteins. Similar improvements were noticed in the histopathological sections of kidneys. On the other hand, the histopathological investigations of the kidney indicated an improvement of the histological sections in the group treated with hot-water extract of Artemisia and Capparis spp. when administered single or mixed with whey protein. These results were confirmed with the biochemical results. The effect of hot-water extract of Artemisia and Capparis spp. used individually or mixed with whey protein may play a role of protection against lead acetate in rats.
Clinical relevance of perinatally acquired Ureaplasma urealyticum involvement in preterm infants
This study was conducted to examine the performance of growing dairy bulls offered diets based on whole-crop barley silage with or without protein supplementation when compared to a grass silage-based diet. A feeding experiment comprised 36 bulls which were fed a total mixed ration ad libitum. The four dietary treatments were: 1) grass silage (600 g kg-1 dry matter) and rolled barley (400), 2) whole-crop barley silage (600) and rolled barley (400), 3) whole-crop barley silage (600), rolled barley (310) and rapeseed meal-based protein supplementation (90), and 4) whole-crop barley silage (600), rolled barley (330) and rapeseed meal + urea -based protein supplementation (70). Replacing grass silage with whole-crop barley decreased the carcass gain and carcass weight of the bulls due to lower energy intake. Protein supplementation either as rapeseed meal or rapeseed meal + urea of whole-crop barley silage based diets had no effects on animal performance.
Feed supplementation blocks, urea-molasses multinutrient blocks : simple and effective feed supplement technology for ruminant agriculture
Urea and urea phosphate fertilizers
Oral health and kidney disease with emphasis on diabetic nephropathy
Urea and non-protein nitrogen in ruminant nutrition
Optimization of struvite production from urine
Respiration in a forest soil 27 years after fertilization with different doses of urea
Variation in the blood chemical constituents of reindeer:significance of season, nutrition and other extrinsic and intrinsic factors
Yield and quality of vegetables fertilized with human urine and wood ash
Performance of growing and finishing dairy bulls offered diets based on whole-crop barley silage with or without protein supplementation relative to a grass silage-based diet
Effect of chemical inhibitors on polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxin and dibenzofuran formation in waste incineration
Association between protein feeding and reproductive efficiency in the dairy cow : specific emphasis on protein feeding in Finland
Fundamentals of urine and body fluid analysis
Urea, its properties and manufacture
The symptomatology of chronic bromisovalum (bromvaletone) poisoning, with special reference to chronic bromide poisoning : a neurologic and psychiatric study
Intermediate storage and wet separation of whole crop barley
Ten young camels divided into two groups fed daily with wheat straw and urea-treated wheat straw were used in the study to determine its effect on liveweight gain and blood chemistry. Spraying of urea solution (0.1 g/ml) in water to wheat straw at a concentration of 40 g/kg resulted in two-fold increase in protein content of straw. Results showed that feeding of urea-treated straw to camels significantly increased liveweight gain when compared with camels fed on straw only. Urea-treated straws had no significant effect on the enzyme activities and blood chemistry of treated animals, except on the serum ammonia and urea level. Lack of adverse effect of feeding urea on liver, heart and muscle-specific enzymes suggested that feeding urea at this concentration could be tolerated.
An easy access to fused chromanones via rhodium catalyzed oxidative coupling of salicylaldehydes with heterobicyclic olefins
AdBlue and selective catalytic reduction (SCR) new technical generation for clean exhaust gas solution
Urinalysis and body fluids
The physiological influence of N in preventing of alternate-bearing of pistachio (Pistacia vera cv. Kalleh-ghuchi) was studied in the Ghazel Ozen (south-west of Zanjan), Iran, during four years (2003-2006). Nitrogen as urea (CO(NH₂)₂, 46% N) at 100, 150 and 200 g actual N per tree were soil surface applied for both fruiting and non-fruiting of the 25 year-old trees. Floral bud abscission was influenced by the level of N application. It increased, through both in the low N and high N application, as compared to medium (150 g actual N tree⁻¹) levels. There was a strong relationship between leaf protein and N application, similarly as leaf protein increased, floral bud abscission decreased. Fresh weight of fruit per tree, as annual yield, was significantly (P=0.05) influenced by growth season, regardless of N application. "Off" year was the main factor that decreased nut yield (up to 30%) in control, but fruit quality (nut size, blanked %, protein and fat %) was less affected. The rate of fruit growth (dry weight) varied during fruit growth season for individual treatments. The rate of growth was associated with floral bud abscission, however, as the N application increased, percent of bud abscission decreased. Minerals and protein concentrations in leaves from fruiting branches were in most cases lower than that of nonfruiting ones. The floral bud abscission per cluster was very low during nut fill in "off" year trees compared with "on" year trees, there was a relationship between bud drops and consumption of N (protein concentration of kernel). This indicates that reproductive growth (nut growth) demand more N, especially in the "on" year.
Advances in cirrhosis, hyperammonemia, and hepatic encephalopathy : Edited by Vicente Felipo and Santiago Grisolia
The effectiveness of whey proteins mixed with hot-water extract of Artemisia and Capparis spp. against lead acetate-contamination in rats
Advances in ammonia metabolism and heptic encephalopathy : proceedings of the 6th International Symposium on Ammonia, Vaalsbroek Castle, the Netherlands, 27-29 April 1987
In order to study the effects of nitrogen levels on yield and yield components in maize cultivars, a split plot experiment based on randomized complete block design with three replications was conducted in 2008 at the Research Farm of Islamic Azad University, Branch of Ardabil. Treatments were arranged in a split plot design with three replicates. N levels (N 0, 80, 160 and 240 kg/ha) as urea were in the main plots (control=N 0 kg/ha), and maize cultivars (SC-301, DC-370 and SC-404) were allocated at random in the sub-plots. Results indicated that nitrogen levels had significant effects on yield and yield components in maize hybrids. Maize cultivars had different response to this characteristic. The highest grain yield was obtained from the highest levels of nitrogen fertilizer. The highest number of kernel per ear, the number of grains per ear row, ear diameter, cob length, grain per plant, plant height, the number of grains per ear row and number of kernels per ear were recorded at the highest levels of nitrogen fertilizer. The number of grain row and number of cobs per plant were not affected in maize cultivars by levels of nitrogen fertilizer. Effect of cultivar x nitrogen levels was significant on grain yield. Maximum grain yield (7.76 ton/ha) was obtained in the plots with N 240 kg ha⁻¹ and SC-404 cultivar and minimum of it (5.12 ton/ha) was obtained in the plots with 0 kg nitrogen ha⁻¹ and SC-301 cultivar. It can be suggested that SC-404 hybrid should be applied with N 240 kg/ha in conditions of Ardabil Plain.
Elevation of prostaglandin E2, eosinophils, alkaline phosphatase, urea, in bovine mastitis
Effect of feeding urea-treated wheat straw on body weight gain and biochemical metabolites of young camels
Urease activity and distribution in a forest soil
The role of human ureaplasmas in spontaneous preterm birth
Effect of feeding level and diet type on the performance of crossbred suckler cows and their calves
Response of maize (Zea mays L.) cultivars to different levels of nitrogen fertilizer
Determing the fate of selected antibiotics during nitrogen recovery via urea-formaldehdye synthesis
Ion pair recognition by ditopic crown ether based bis-urea and uranyl salophen receptors
Fertilizer value of urine in pumpkin (Cucurbita maxima L.) cultivation
Development of an environment for virtual testing of SCR systems
Linuron and monolinuron
Urea cycle diseases
Physiological influence of N in preventing of alternate-bearing of pistachio (Pistacia vera cv. Kalleh-ghuchi)
Continuous-equivalent urea clearances EKR and stdK as dose measures in intermittent hemodialysis
Helicobacter pylori and functional dyspepsia
Improvements of the treatment in lysinuric protein intolerance
Kinetic studies of the decomposition of some carbamates, ureas and related cyclic compounds
