http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15239 holy war
holy war jihad
The master plan : ISIS, Al-Qaeda, and the Jihadi strategy for final victory
The Jihadis' path to self-destruction
The world is facing inhumane and barbaric acts of terrorism which is destroying the peace and has become a major threat to world peace. The Islamic curriculum on peace and counter-terrorism provides resources from the Holy Qur'an, Hadith and authoritative books to provide a comprehensive ideological and theological counter narratives.
Holy war
The new threat : from Islamic militancy
Holy war in China : the Muslim rebellion and state in Chinese Central Asia, 1864-1877
In God's Battalions, award-winning author Rodney Stark takes on the long-held view that the Crusades were the first round of European colonialism, conducted for land, loot, and converts by barbarian Christians who victimized the cultivated Muslims. Instead, Stark argues that the Crusades were the first military response to Muslim terrorist aggession.
The religion
US-Pakistan relationship : Soviet invasion of Afghanistan
The third choice : Islam, dhimmitude and freedom
Terrorism
Global Salafism : Islam's new religious movement
"Holy War" and gender : violence in religious discourses = "Gotteskrieg" und Geschlecht : Gewaltdiskurse in der Religion
The Bin Ladens : an Arabian family in the American century
Islamic curriculum on peace and counter terrorism : for young people and students
Al-Qaeda's armies : Middle East affiliate groups  & the next generation of terror
SEAL target Geronimo : the inside story of the mission to kill Osama Bin Laden
Hatred's kingdom : how Saudi Arabia supports the new global terrorism
The trap
Under the black flag : at the frontier of the new Jihad
Arguing the just war in Islam
Empires of mud : war and warlords of Afghanistan
After bin Laden : Al-Qa'ida, the next generation
Talking to the enemy : violent extremism, sacred values, and what it means to be human
The rage and the pride
Religious ideology and the roots of the global Jihad : Salafi Jihadism and international order
The secret history of al-Qa'ida
Aristocratic violence and holy war : studies in the Jihad and the Arab-Byzantine frontier
Pakistan : between mosque and military
War and peace in the law of Islam
American jihad : the terrorists living among us
Holy war and rapprochement : studies in the relations between the Mamluk Sultanate and the Mongol Ilkhanate (1260-1335)
Understanding terror networks
Jihād : from Qurʾān to Bin Laden
Terror incorporated : tracing the dollars behind the terror networks
Defeating the Jihadists : a blueprint for action
Labyrinth : The war on terror, 2001 - ?
Afghanistan : a new history
Radical reform : Islamic ethics and liberation
The rise and fall of Al-Qaeda
"Drawing on troves of recently declassified documents captured from the Islamic State and its predecessors, counterterrorism expert Brian Fishman tells the story of this organization's complex and largely hidden past.- and what the master plan suggests about its future. Only by understanding the Islamic State's full history- and the strategy that drove it- can we understand the contradictions that may ultimately tear it apart" -- Dust jacket.
Crusade and jihad : origins, history, aftermath /cMalcolm
Radicalized : new jihadists and the threat to the West
Al Qaeda in Europe : the new battleground of international jihad
Gender in Conflicts : Palestine-Israel-Germany
Salafi-Jihadism : the history of an idea
Islam and salvation in Palestine : the Islamic Jihad movement
The supreme jihad
The legacy of Jihad : Islamic holy war and the fate of non-Muslims
From the first Arab-Islamic Empire of the mid-seventh century to the Ottomans, the last great Muslim empire, the story of the Middle East has been the story of the rise and fall of universal empires and, no less important, of imperialist dreams. Rejecting the conventional Western interpretation of Middle Eastern history as an offshoot of global power politics, Karsh contends that the region's experience is the culmination of long-existing indigenous trends, passions, and patterns of behaviour, and that foremost among these is Islam's millenarian imperial tradition. The author explores the history of Islam's imperialism and the persistence of the Ottoman imperialist dream that outlasted World War I to haunt Islamic and Middle Eastern politics to the present day. September 11 can be seen as simply the latest expression of this dream, and such attacks have little to do with U.S. international behaviour or policy in the Middle East, says Karsh. The House of Islam's war for world mastery is traditional, indeed venerable, and it is a quest that is far from over.
The rise of militant Islam : an insider's view of the failure to curb global Jihad
Unmodern men in the modern world : radical Islam, terrorism, and the war on modernity
Wahhabi Islam : from revival and reform to global Jihad
Understanding Islam and the Muslims : the muslim family and islam and world peace
The Third Choice provides a introduction to Islam on the basis of its primary sources, the Qur'an and the life of Muhammad. Topics covered include the sharia; interpretation of the Qur'an; abrogation; women's rights (including female genital mutilation); lawful deception (taqiyya); Muhammad's responses to opposition; Islamic antisemitism; religious freedom; and prospects for reforming Islam. After this critical introduction of Islam, there follows an explanation and critique of Islam's policy for non-Muslims living under Islamic conditions. The doctrine of the three choices (conversion, the sword, or the dhimma pact of surrender to Islam) is explained, including an analysis of the meaning of tribute payments (jizya) made by non-Muslims (dhimmis) to their Muslim conquerors. Durie describes the impact of dhimmitude on the human rights of non-Muslims in Islamic contexts around the world today, in the light of global Islamic resurgence and advancing Islamization, including pressure being exerted through the United Nations for states to conform to sharia restrictions on freedom of speech. The Third Choice offers keys for understanding current trends in global politics, including the widening impact of sharia revival, deterioration of human rights in Islamic societies, jihad terrorism, recurring patterns of Western appeasement, interfaith dialogue initiatives, and the increasingly fraught relationship between migrant Muslim communities in the West and their host societies.
Islamic imperialism : a history
Sharia law for the non-muslim
Radicalized : new Jihadists and the threat to the West
The age of Jihad : Islamic State and the great war for the Middle East
The roots of terrorism in Indonesia : from Darul Islam to Jema'ah Islamiyah
Islamist terrorism and democracy in the Middle East
'We love death as you love life' : Britain's suburban terrorists
The twelve children of Paris
Jihad, a word popularly translated by the media as 'holy war', provides the ideological underpinnings to violent extremists, while at the same time informs the average westerner that Islam is a religion that advocates violence and barbarism. And yet the famous saying of the Prophet Muhammad, while returning from battle, 'We have returned from the lesser jihad to the greater jihad' has ensured that to the majority of Muslims around the world, jihad primarily refers to the inner struggle against base desires, and the spiritual and moral endeavour to promote human values and achieve fairness and justice in society.
Bin Laden : behind the mask of the terrorist
The Jihad fixation : agenda, strategy, portents
Understanding violent radicalisation : terrorist and jihadist movements in Europe
"Presented in ... diary form, this substantial volume draws together a careful selection of Cockburn's writings from the frontlines of the conflicts in Afghanistan, Iraq, Libya and Syria, interspersed with thoughtful analyses and contemporary, original reflection. What emerges is the fine grain and nuance of an unfolding tragedy in which, in contrast to the often facile proclamations of politicians and much of the media: "These are not black-and-white situations, good guys against bad, vile tyrant against a risen people like a scene out of Les Miserables. It is astonishing and depressing to see Western governments committing their countries to wars without recognizing this basic fact." The conflicts being fueled by such misunderstandings are today spilling over to cities in the West, provoking a backlash that learns little from recent history and is likely only to make things worse.--Publisher.
Jihad : the trail of political Islam
The crisis of Islam : holy war and unholy terror
Looks at the extremist Sunni jihadist group and argues that they present a great danger to the United States and the world, looking at the origin of the group, its objectives, and its unlawful terrorist strategies.
Jihad in Islamic history : doctrines and practice
Durkheim in dialogue : a centenary celebration of the elementary forms of religious life
This corner of the world has long been seen as the rotting and charred heart of Africa: a melting pot of crime, corruption, poverty, famine and civil war. And in recent years, whilst Somalia's lucrative piracy industry has grabbed the headlines, a darker, much deeper threat has come of age: the Al Qaida-linked militants Al Shabaab, and the dawn of a new phase in the global war on terror. Yet, paradoxically, Somalia's star is brightening, as forms of business, law enforcement and local politics begin to establish themselves, and members of the vast Somali diaspora return to their homeland. Fergusson takes us to the heart of the struggle, meeting everyone from politicians, pirates, extremists and mercenaries to aid workers, civilians and refugees. He gives a unique account of a country ravaged by war, considers what the future might hold for a generation who have grown up knowing little else and exposes the reality of life in this hard, often forgotten land.
Jihad and Jew-hatred : Islamism, Nazism and the roots of 9/11
The world's most dangerous place
The Arabs at war in Afghanistan
Now they call me infidel : why I renounced jihad for America, Israel, and the War on Terror
The world is facing a great dilemma due to despicable, inhumane and barbaric acts of terrorism, indiscriminate killings, warfare, anarchy, disorder and suicide bombings over the past two decades. It is not only destroying the peace of any specific region, group or country but has become a major threat to world peace. Young People and Students living in various western countries who do not have conceptual clarity regarding Islam are wrongly considering terrorism and indiscriminate killing to be Jihad and are being drawn towards it. By quoting the Qur'an, hadith and texts from the books of Islamic Law out of context, they influence common Muslims who are not acquainted with the true teachings of Islam, especially youngsters. There is a need to provide authentic, comprehensive material against extremism to all people, from every walk of life, according to their needs, so that the conceptual and ideological confusions which may lead to terrorism can be eliminated. The  Islamic curriculum on peace and counter-terrorism was prepared for this purpose.
Holy war, Inc. : inside the secret world of Osama bin Laden
Hamas : politics, charity and terrorism in the service of Jihad
Jihad in classical and modern Islam : a reader
How to plan a crusade : reason and religious war in the High Middle Ages
God's battalions : the case for the Crusades
Modern jihad : tracing the dollars behind the terror networks
The legacy of Arab-Islam in Africa : a quest for inter-religious dialogue
On May 2, 2011, at 1:03 a.m. in Pakistan, a satellite uplink was sent from the town of Abbottabad crackling into the situation room of the White House in Washington, D.C.: "Geronimo, Echo, KIA." These words, spoken by a Navy SEAL, put paid to Osama bin Laden's three-decade-long career of terror. SEAL Target Geronimo is the story of Bin Laden's relentless hunters and how they took down the terrorist mastermind, told by Chuck Pfarrer, a former assault element commander of SEAL Team Six and author of the bestselling Warrior Soul: The Memoir of a Navy SEAL. After talking to members of the SEAL team involved in the raid, Pfarrer shares never-before-revealed details of the historic raid and the men who planned and conducted it in an exclusive boots-on-the-ground account of what happened during each minute of the mission--both inside the building and outside.
Historia renarrata : early Benedictine revisions of the First Crusade
Terrorism in asymmetrical conflict : ideological and structural aspects
Jihad and just war in the war on terror
Inside ISIS : the brutal rise of a terrorist army
The Second Crusade : Holy War on the Periphery of Latin Christendom
Jihad and martyrdom
Empire and Holy War in the Mediterranean : the galley and maritime conflict between the Habsburg and Ottoman empires
How to win a cosmic war : confronting radical Islam
Writing in the dust : after September 11
God's war : a new history of the crusades
Irregular war : Isis and the new threat from the margins
Islamic curriculum on peace and counter terrorism : for clerics, imams and teachers
Militant islam reaches America
Islam : a very short introduction
How to win a cosmic war : confronting radical islam
"This book provides a systematic account of how Islam's central texts interpret jihad, guiding us through the historical precedents and Qur'anic sources upon which today's claims to doctrinal truth and legitimate authority are made. In illuminating the broad spectrum of Islam's moral considerations of the just war, Kelsay helps Muslims and non-Muslims alike make sense of the possibilities for future war and peace."--BOOK JACKET.
Misquoting Muhammad : the challenge and choices of interpreting the Prophet's legacy
The war of ideas : Jihad against democracy
The rise of ISIS : a threat we can't ignore
A fury for God : the Islamist attack on America
Global jihadism : theory and practice
