http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15253 axioms
axioms
Frege and the logic of sense and reference
100 % mathematical proof
Defending the axioms: On the philosophical foundations of set theory
Focusing methodologically on those historical aspects that are relevant to supporting intuition in axiomatic approaches to geometry, the book develops systematic and modern approaches to the three core aspects of axiomatic geometry: Euclidean, non-Euclidean and projective. Historically, axiomatic geometry marks the origin of formalized mathematical activity. It is in this discipline that most historically famous problems can be found, the solutions of which have led to various presently very active domains of research, especially in algebra. The recognition of the coherence of two-by-two contradictory axiomatic systems for geometry (like one single parallel, no parallel at all, several parallels) has led to the emergence of mathematical theories based on an arbitrary system of axioms, an essential feature of contemporary mathematics. This is a fascinating book for all those who teach or study axiomatic geometry, and who are interested in the history of geometry or who want to see a complete proof of one of the famous problems encountered, but not solved, during their studies: circle squaring, duplication of the cube, trisection of the angle, construction of regular polygons, construction of models of non-Euclidean geometries, etc. It also provides hundreds of figures that support intuition. Through 35 centuries of the history of geometry, discover the birth and follow the evolution of those innovative ideas that allowed humankind to develop so many aspects of contemporary mathematics. Understand the various levels of rigor which successively established themselves through the centuries. Be amazed, as mathematicians of the 19th century were, when observing that both an axiom and its contradiction can be chosen as a valid basis for developing a mathematical theory. Pass through the door of this incredible world of axiomatic mathematical theories!
Equivalents of the axiom of choice
The methods of contemporary thought
The thirteen books of Euclid's elements. 2, Books III-IX
Paradoxes are arguments that lead from apparently true premises, via apparently uncontroversial reasoning, to a false or even contradictory conclusion. Paradoxes threaten our basic understanding of central concepts such as space, time, motion, infinity, truth, knowledge, and belief.
The thirteen books of Euclid's elements. 3, Books X-XIII. Appendix
Degree of dominance and congruence axioms for fuzzy choice functions
The thirteen books of Euclid's elements. Vol. 3, Books X-XIII and appendix
Damascius' Problems and solutions concerning first principles
Axioms for lattices and boolean algebras
The thirteen books of Euclid's elements. Vol. 2, Books III-IX
The thirteen books of Euclid's elements. 1, Introduction. Books I, II
Axiomatic geometry
The thirteen books of Euclid's elements. Vol. 1, Introduction and books I, II
An axiomatic approach to geometry : geometric trilogy I
Arrow axiom and full rationality for fuzzy choice functions
Axiomatic theories of truth
