http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15285 ethnopsychology
ethnopsychology
Culture's consequences : comparing values, behaviors, institutions and organizations across nations
Shared beliefs in a society : social psychological analysis
Handbook of cross-cultural psychology. Volume 3, Social behavior and applications
Ripping and running : a formal ethnography of urban heroin addicts
Mixed emotions : anthropological studies of feeling
Motivation and culture
The mask of war : violence, ritual and the self in Melanesia
Culture and personality
The notebooks on primitive mentality
Cram 101 textbook outlines to accompany Cross-cultural psychology: contemporary themes and perspectives
Innovating genesis: microgenesis and the constructive mind in action
With applications throughout the social sciences, culture and psychology is a rapidly growing field that has experienced a boom in publication over the last decade. Comprising chapters from internationally renowned culture scholars, this book represents diversity in the theory and study of culture within psychology.
Medicalizing ethnicity : the construction of Latino identity in a psychiatric setting
"With fine-tuned ethnographic sensibility, Jenkins explores the lived experience of psychosis, trauma, and depression among people of diverse cultural orientations, eloquently showing how mental illness engages fundamental human processes of self, desire, gender, identity, attachment, and meaning. Her studies illustrate the shaping of human reality and subjectivity in light of extreme psychological suffering, and shed light on psycho-political processes of alterity, precarity, and repression in the social rendering of the mentally ill as non-human or less than fully human. Extraordinary Conditions addresses the critical need to empathically engage the experience of persons living with conditions that are culturally defined as mental illness. Jenkins compellingly shows that mental illness is better characterized in terms of struggle than symptoms and that culture matters vitally in all aspects of mental illness from onset to recovery. Analysis at this edge of experience refashions the boundaries between ordinary and extraordinary, routine and extreme, healthy and pathological. The book argues that the study of mental illness is indispensable to anthropological understanding of culture and experience, and reciprocally that understanding culture and experience is critical to the study of mental illness. While anthropology neglects the extraordinary to its theoretical and empirical peril, psychiatry neglects culture to its theoretical and clinical peril"--Provided by publisher.
Cultural memory : reconfiguring history and identity in the postcolonial Pacific
"Designed for use in multicultural counseling courses, graduate level practicum, or as part of a counseling techniques course, this casebook provides students with the opportunity to think critically and learn how to incorporate and apply multicultural skills and competencies in a treatment setting. This book features cases from leading scholars and practitioners in the field and is written from both the perspective of the therapist/counselor and the client/consumer. Aligned with ACA's CACREP accreditation standards, APA Guidelines for Multicultural Competence, and the AMCD Multicultural Counseling Competencies, each case contains focus questions and an analysis of the case by the author"--
From anxiety to method in the behavioral sciences
Working at the interface of cultures : eighteen lives in social science
The Second Edition of this classic work, first published in 1981 and an international bestseller, explores the differences in thinking and social action that exist among members of more than 50 modern nations. Geert Hofstede argues that people carry "mental programs" which are developed in the family in early childhood and reinforced in schools and organizations, and that these programs contain components of national culture. They are expressed most clearly in the different values that predominate among people from different countries. Geert Hofstede has completely rewritten, revised and updated Cultures Consequences for the twenty-first century, he has broadened the book's cross-disciplinary appeal, expanded the coverage of countries examined from 40 to more than 50, reformulated his arguments and a large amount of new literature has been included. The book is structured around five major dimensions: power distance; uncertainty avoidance; individualism versus collectivism; masculinity versus femininity; and long term versus short-term orientation. --Publisher.
The cultural background of personality
Becoming Tongan : an ethnographic of childhood
Japanese frames of mind : cultural perspectives on human development
The racism of psychology : time for change
The foundations of primitive thought
Ways of knowing : experience, knowledge, and power among the Dene Tha
Qualitative strategies for ethnocultural research
Cross-cultural research methods
Handbook of Cultural Developmental Science
Extraordinary conditions : culture and experience in mental illness
Psychology in human and social development : lessons form diverse cultures : a festschrift for Durganand Sinha
Exploring borders : understanding culture and psychology
Handbook of cultural psychology
Cross-cultural psychology : why culture matters
The culture of conflict : interpretations and interests in comparative perspective
"Documents the many relationships and practices that depend on the suspension of knowledge or the generation, deployment, or recognition of ignorance"--
A'aisa's gifts : a study of magic and the self
Cross-cultural psychology
Culture theory : essays on mind, self, and emotion
Aggression and community : paradoxes of Andalusian culture
Advances in culture and psychology. Vol. 2
Human psychology is deeply rooted in the culture in which people live. Introduction to Computational Cultural Psychology introduces a revolutionary approach for studying cultural psychology. Drawing on novel computational tools and in-depth case studies, Professor Yair Neuman offers thought-provoking answers to questions such as: how are thought and language deeply related? How can computers help us to understand different cultures? How can computers assist military intelligence in identifying vengeful intentions? And how is our concept of 'love' rooted in our basic embodied experience? Written by a leading interdisciplinary researcher this book is a 'tour-de-force' which will be of interest to a variety of researchers, students and practitioners in psychology as well as an interdisciplinary audience with an interest in the intricate web weaved between the human psyche and its cultural context. -- Provided by publisher.
Cross-cultural psychology : critical thinking and contemporary applications
Introduction to computational cultural psychology
Emotion and culture : empirical studies of mutual influence
The dream in Islam : from Qur'anic tradition to Jihadist inspiration
The psychological mystique
Cultural issues in psychology : a student's handbook
Cultural contestation in ethnic conflict
Cultural transmission : psychological, developmental, social, and methodological aspects
Do kamo : person and myth in the Melanesian world
Susto : a folk illness
Cross-cultural psychology : research and applications
Has the developing world developed modern concepts of stress? Are coping methods the same around the globe? Such questions are not simple to answer, and until recently, few knew to ask them. In recent years, Western psychologists have recognized that their prevailing views of psychology do not always translate worldwide, and that no culture has a monopoly on either stress or coping. "The Handbook of Multicultural Perspectives on Stress and Coping" was created to address this realization. This unique volume moves beyond simple comparisons of behaviors in other countries by clarifying critical concepts in stress and coping, analyzing and synthesizing vast amounts of global data, and identifying constructs and methodologies necessary for meaningful cross-cultural research. An international, multiethnic panel of forty-five contributors presents elegant studies of stress, survival, and resilience as cultures evolve and countries interact, including: personal transformation as a coping strategy; psychological skills that enhance intercultural adjustment; individual versus collectivist values in coping; and Buddhist and Taoist traditions in coping. It provides details about the cumulative effects of historical, environmental, and political stressors on nations in the Middle East - Specific cross-cultural perspectives, from Latino-American families to Canadian aboriginal peoples to minority university students. The editors have assembled a vital store of knowledge, raising crucial implications for clinicians working with immigrant/international populations, and evaluating the current state of theory, research, and assessment. The Handbook documents major steps toward scientific advancement, and human understanding.
Cross-Cultural Psychology is a leading textbook offering senior undergraduate and graduate students a thorough and balanced overview of the whole field of cross-cultural psychology. The team of internationally acclaimed authors present the latest empirical research, theory, methodology and applications from around the world. They discuss all domains of behavior (including development, social behavior, personality, cognition, psycholinguistics, emotion and perception), and present the three main approaches in cross-cultural psychology (cultural, culture-comparative, and indigenous traditions) as well as applications to a number of domains (including acculturation, intercultural relations and communication, work and health). With new additions to the writing team, the third edition benefits from an even broader range of cross-cultural perspectives. Now in 2-colour, the format is even more reader-friendly and the features include chapter outlines, chapter summaries, further reading and an updated glossary of key terms. This edition also offers an accompanying website containing additional material and weblinks.
Disentangling : conflict discourse in Pacific societies
Nuclear nativity : rituals of renewal and empowerment in the Marshall Islands
Anthropology and risk
Individualism and collectivism : a psychological, cultural and ecological analysis
Folk psychologies across cultures
Culturally responsive interventions : innovative approaches to working with diverse populations
Essays in the sociology of perception
Monsters and revolutionaries : colonial family romance and métissage
This is the first book that provides detailed guidelines of how to conduct multi-disciplinary research to study people's behaviors in different cultures. Readers are encouraged to look beyond disciplinary boundaries to address issues between individuals and their socio-cultural environments so as to design the most effective studies possible. The core philosophical and theoretical assumptions that underlie the strategies, designs, and techniques used when researching cultural issues are examined. The book reviews all the steps that go into doing cultural research from formulating the research problem to selecting the most appropriate method for data analysis. Realist and interpretivist paradigms together with the theory of cultural models and quantitative, qualitative, mixed-method, and multiple-design strategies are reviewed. Case studies, ethnographies, and interviewing techniques are emphasized throughout. Chapters open with learning objectives and end with a conclusion, a glossary, questions, exercises, and recommended readings. Numerous multidisciplinary examples, tables, and figures demonstrate and synthesize the analysis of data. Information boxes provide historical notes and how-to boxes provide tips on methodological issues.
The senses still : perception and memory as material culture in modernity
Encyclopedia of cross-cultural school psychology
Ethics for graduate researchers : a cross-disciplinary approach
Maturity and competence : a transcultural view
Mangrove man : dialogics of culture in the Sepik estuary
Controlling anger : the sociology of Gisu violence
The people of Alor : a social-psychological study of an East-Indian island
Advances in culture and psychology. Vol. 1
Discovering cultural psychology : a profile and selected readings of Ernest E. Boesch
'Race,' racism and psychology : towards a reflexive history
The early sociology of culture. Vol. 7, The elements of folk psychology: outlines of a psychological history of the development of mankind
Psychological anthropology reconsidered
The collected works of Edward Sapir. 3, Culture
The new world negro
Toward a global psychology : theory, research, intervention, and pedagogy
Cross-cultural perspectives on learning
The Lonely Crowd is considered by many to be the most influential book of the twentieth century. Its now-classic analysis of the new middle class in terms of inner-directed and other-directed social character opened exciting new dimensions in our understanding of the psychological, political, and economic problems that confront the individual in contemporary American society. The 1969 abridged and revised edition of the book is now reissued with a new foreword by Todd Gitlin that explains why the book is still relevant to our own era. As accessible as it is acute, The Lonely Crowd is indispensable reading for anyone who wishes to understand American society. After half a century, this book has lost none of its capacity to make sense of how we live.Todd Gitlin Praise for the earlier editions: "One of the most penetrating and comprehensive views of the twentieth-century urban American you're likely to find.
Language and myth
The Oxford Handbook of Culture and Psychology is an internationally representative overview of the state of the art in cultural psychology. Cultural psychology focuses on the ways in which our lives are made meaningful through the use of cultural tools and personal meanings.
Fundamentals of research on culture and psychology : theory and methods
Psychological anthropology : a reader on self in culture
Cultural psychology : a perspective on psychological functioning and social reform
Handbook of cross-cultural psychology. Volume 1, Theory and method
Musical imaginations : multidisciplinary perspectives on creativity, performance, and perception
The domestication of the savage mind
Behavioral anthropology : toward an integrated science of human behavior
Family, self, and human development across cultures : theory and applications
Extraordinary anthropology : transformations in the field
Ethnic identity : cultural continuities and change : with a new introduction
This edited collection is intended as a primer for core concepts and principles in research ethics and as an in-depth exploration of the contextualization of these principles in practice across key disciplines. The material is nested so that readers can engage with it at different levels and depths. It is unique in that it combines an analysis of complex ethical debates about the nature of research and its governance with the best of case-based and discipline-specific approaches. It deals with the following topics in depth: in the natural sciences, it explores the scientific integrity of the researcher and the research process, human cloning as a test case for the limits to research, and the emerging ethical issues in nanotechnology; in the health sciences, it takes up the question of consent, assent and proxies, research with vulnerable groups and the ethics of clinical trials; in the social sciences, it explores the issues that arise in qualitative research, interviews and ethnography; and in the humanities, it examines contested archaeologies and research in divided societies. Overview of Research Ethics Principles Full text papers from experienced researchers across many disciplines Dialogue with ethicists.
Cultural psychology
Handbook of racial & ethnic minority psychology
Inclusive cultural empathy : making relationships central in counseling and psychotherapy
Gunantuna : aspects of the person, the self and the individual among the Tolai
The mind of the nation : Völkerpsychologie in Germany, 1851-1955
Madness, disability, and social exclusion : the archaeology and anthropology of "difference"
Rhetorics of self-making
The anthropology of ignorance : an ethnographic approach
Methods and data analysis for cross-cultural research
Postcolonial theory and psychoanalysis : from uneasy engagements to effective critique
Case studies in multicultural counseling and therapy
Anthropology and psychoanalysis : an encounter through culture
Sociocultural studies of mind
Explorations in psychoanalytic ethnography
Handbook of cross-cultural psychology. Vol. 5, Social psychology
Culture and panic disorder
Mind, culture, and activity : seminal papers from the laboratory of comparative human cognition
Understanding social psychology across cultures : living and working in a changing world
The Japanese self in cultural logic
The social and the symbolic
Human behavior in global perspective : an introduction to cross-cultural psychology
Handbook of cross-cultural psychology. Vol. 3, Basic processes
The lonely crowd : a study of the changing American character
Culture and competence : contexts of life success
On the structuralist constraints in the explanation schema and folk psychology
Primitives and the supernatural
The psychology of culture : a course of lectures
An anthropology of everyday life : an autobiography
Personalities and cultures : readings in psychological anthropology
Social psychology and cultural context
A handbook for developing multicultural awareness
The categorical impulse : essays on the anthropology of classifying behaviour
Pathologies of the West : an anthropology of mental illness in Europe and America
Cultural psychology : theory and method
Race in the making : cognition, culture, and the child's construction of human kinds
Primitive man as philosopher
Society of others : kinship and mourning in a West Papuan place
The Oxford handbook of culture and psychology
New directions in psychological anthropology
First find your child a good mother : the construction of self in two American communities
Cultures under siege : collective violence and trauma
Handbook of multicultural perspectives on stress and coping
Prospero and Caliban : the psychology of colonization
Our emotional makeup : ethnopsychology and selfhood
Developmental time, cultural space : studies in psychogeography
Unnatural emotions : everyday sentiments on a Micronesian atoll and their challenge to western theory
Multiculturalism and diversity : a social psychological perspective
Cultural psychology : a once and future discipline
Personality development in two cultures : a cross-cultural longitudinal study of school children in Mexico and the United States
Magic, faith, and healing : studies in primitive psychiatry today
Man and his culture : psychoanalytic anthropology after 'Totem and taboo'
Mapping early modern Japan : space, place, and culture in the Tokugawa period (1603-1868)
The encyclopedia of cross-cultural psychology
Tahitians : mind and experience in the Society Islands
On living in an old country : the national past in contemporary Britain
Questions of consciousness
Psychoanalysis and anthropology : culture, personality and the unconscious
Deep China : the moral life of the person : what anthropology and psychiatry tell us about China today
Other worlds : notions of self and emotion among the Lohorung Rai
Handbook of cross-cultural psychology. Volume 2, Basic processes and human development
Cross-cultural perspectives in human development : theory, research and applications
Culture and identity : the history, theory and practice of psychological anthropology
The cultural transition : human experience and social transformation in the Third World and Japan
Personality and person perception across cultures
Ethology : the biology of behavior
Why do men barbecue? : recipes for cultural psychology
Tuhami : portrait of a Moroccan
Ethnicity and causal mechanisms
Proceedings of an International Seminar on the Anthropology of Nepal : Peoples, Problems, and Processes, September 7-14, 1992 at the Hotel Vajra, Kathmandu, Nepal
The collected works of Edward Sapir. 14, Northwest California linguistics
Culture and psychology
Do apes read minds? : toward a new folk psychology
Ethno-logic : the anthropology of human reasoning
Being changed : the anthropology of extraordinary experience
Discourse and inference in cognitive anthropology : an approach to psychic unity and enculturation
Social discord and bodily disorders : healing among the Yupno of Papua New Guinea
Culture and the senses : bodily ways of knowing in an African community
Pursuit of meaning : advances in cultural and cross-cultural psychology
