http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15214 Mass (religion)
Mass (religion)
The touch of the sacred : the practice, theology, and tradition of Christian worship
Masses based on secular monophonic songs. 2 : critical commentary
Worship renewal in the Evangelical Lutheran Church of Finland
Masses based on secular polyphonic songs. 1 : critical commentary
Guide to a successful joint fair participation : case study: Airport Cluster Finland at Inter Airport Europe 2011
A Study in Visual Communication - Case Functional Home at the Senior Generation Exhibition in St. Petersburg
Correlation between Marketing Communication Tools and Business Performance Variables : Charles River Discovery Services Finland Case Study
New exhibition stands
The celebration of the Eucharist : the origin of the rite and the development of its interpretation
Electronic church and web community : some marginal notes to an ecclesiological problem
Lutherans and Catholics in dialogue. 3, The eucharist as sacrifice
Misa Criolla : Folk mass based on the rhythms and traditions of Hispanic America : For mixed choir and soloist with percussion, guitar and piano or harpsicord accompaniment
How to run a successful conference : proven management techniques for delivering a successful event on budget
Tampereen messut  = Tampere Trade Fairs : shows the way
Common worship today : an illustrated guide to common worship
Saving the souls of medieval London : perpetual chantries at St Paul's Cathedral, c.1200-1548
Mass movements : critical commentary
I am the True Vine
Trade fair design annual 2002/2003 : Messedesign Jahrbuch 2002/2003, international
DESIGNING A STAND FOR LAUNCHING A PRODUCT TO AN INTERNATIONAL MARKET
English choral music : motets and anthems from Byrd to Elgar : a choral collection for mixed choir a cappella or with organ accompaniment
Handel's dramatic oratorios and masques
The Eucharistic celebration : the source and summit of faith
Guide to organizing an international scientific conference
Guide to a Successful Joint Fair Participation : Case Study: Airport Cluster Finland at Inter Airport Europe 2011
The church at prayer : an introduction to the liturgy. Volume 2, The Eucharist
Masses based on secular monophonic songs. 1 : critical commentary
Abstract:.
The hymnal and order of service
Canonic masses : critical commentary
African sanctus
Choral music : a Norton Historical Anthology
Eucharistic sacrifice and patristic tradition in the theology of Martin Bucer, 1534-1546
An outline of Christian worship
The spectrum of ritual : a biogenetic structural analysis
Gregorian chants : an illustrated history of religious chanting
Exhibition and display
After writing : on the liturgical consummation of philosophy
Messedesign : Jahrbuch 1999 = Trade fair design : annual 1999
Masses based on gregorian chants. 1 : critical commentary
Exhibit marketing and trade show intelligence : successful boothmanship and booth design
Mass : a theatre piece for singers, players and dancers
The purpose of this thesis was to produce a guide to a successful joint fair participation for the use of the commissioning organization Airport Cluster Finland, which exhibited at Inter Airport Europe 2011 with 12 of its member companies. The purpose of the guide was to analyze the joint fair participation at Inter Airport Europe 2011, present suggestions for improvement, and therefore help Airport Cluster Finland in the future joint fair participations. The theoretical framework was based on Kotler's (2006) traditional marketing mix and Lovelock's (2009) extended marketing mix for services. The focus was especially on the promotion component. In addition, the concepts of relationship marketing and branding were briefly discussed before finally focusing on trade fair intelligence. The research methodology during the study was qualitative. The research methods included a case study (Inter Airport Europe 2011) and observation during the event. In addition eight interviews with the Airport Cluster Finland co-exhibitors were conducted to find out their satisfaction in the joint fair participation. As a result of analyzing the data, a guide to a successful joint fair participation was produced.  The findings showed that a successful joint fair participation requires careful planning, cooperative implementation and certain follow-up procedures after the fair. There are several challenges related to a joint fair participation. However, according to the co-exhibitor interviews, the joint fair participation still brings more benefits than challenges. Trade fair exhibitors learn from each joint fair participation i.e. increase their trade fair intelligence, and therefore are able to perform even better in each upcoming trade fair.  In conclusion, it can be stated that a joint fair participation is a good and attractive option, especially for small and medium sized companies, which otherwise would not necessarily have the resources to participate in trade fairs individually. Joint fair participation is challenging, but it can be extremely beneficial when the strengths and assets lying within joint efforts are utilized effectively.
Symphony no. 3 'Kaddish'
Exhibitor satisfaction research : case: Free Time -exhibition
All over the world Christian communities meet on Sunday morning for worship. But what really happens during a worship service? How do worshipers participate in the service? What does it mean to sing, pray, and celebrate the Lord's Supper together? What do worshipers do when they listen to a sermon? In The Touch of the Sacred Gerrit Immink offers thoughtful theological reflection on the religious practice of worship services in the Protestant tradition. He develops a theology of worship with a clear focus on the death and resurrection of Jesus Christ as he explores the meaning of worship, the mystery of Christ, the sacraments, prayer, and preaching. Ultimately, he says, something dynamic happens when a church congregation speaks and acts: it is touched by the sacred, by a very encounter with the living God.
Requiem . Opus 45 : for soprano & baritone soli, SATB & orchestra
Abstract: Trade shows as a part of marketing communication strategy in Russia : case study Abloy.
Messukylän kirkot = Kyrkorna i Messuby = The churches of Messukylä = Die Kirchen in Messukylä
The liturgical ministry of deacons
Masses based on gregorian chants. 2 : critical commentary
A Ceremony of carols
Understanding the mass
Shout all over God's heaven : spiritual mass : a mass based on negro spirituals for choir SATB, soloists, piano, rhythm group and jazz band
Corpus Christi : the Eucharist in late medieval culture
Worship in transition : the twentieth century liturgical movement
Contemporary exhibit design
Mass in f minor
Jyväskylä Paviljonki and it's impact on tourism in Jyväskylä
Mass and parish in late medieval England : the use of York
SME company ́s participation to international trade fair
Holland's annual industries fair, Utrecht
New Hope Jazz Mass
MACHAUT'S MASS : AN INTRODUCTION
New hope jazz mass
The sanctus in the eucharistic prayer
Petite messe solennelle : for soli, chorus, harmonium and piano = für Chor, Harmonium und Klavier
Organising and improving a trade fair : case: Pro Agria Farma
Exhibiting at tradeshows
I am the true vine
The Mess We Made
Roman Catholic worship : Trent to today
Misa criolla : folk mass based on the rhythms and traditions of hispanic America : for mixed chorus and soloists with percussion, guitar and piano or harpsichord accompaniment : spanish and english texts
How to get the most out of trade shows
The Complete Works. Volume 2, Music at the Reformation
Holy play : aspects for the liturgical renewals in Asia
Bach: Mass in B minor
Venite Adoremus : World's Student Christian Federation prayer book. 1.
Tour salon '93 : Międzynarodowy salon turystyczny : International exhibition of tourism : Internationale Fachausstellung für Tourismus : 25-28.10.1993 Poznań
Catholic rites today : abridged texts for students
Maximising the effects of trade fairs
Masses based on secular polyphonic songs. 3 : critical commentary
The role of exhibitions in the marketing mix : UFI online course
History of the mass
Profit from exhibitions and trade fairs
How to organize effective conferences and meetings
Role and effectiveness of international trade shows for SME internationalization : from a network perspective
Masses based on secular polyphonic songs : critical commentary
Masses based on solmisation themes : critical commentary
Shout all over God's heaven : a mass based on negro spirituals
To hope!: a celebration
Ode for the Birthday of Queen Anne ; Anthem for the Foundling Hospital
User engagement at jyväskylä paviljonki trade fair center : cases FinnGraf 2009, Electricity, Telecommunications, Light & Audio Visual 2010 and Tekniikka 2010
People's church - people's music : contextualization of liturgical music in an African church
Offering the lamb : reflections on the western rite mass in the orthodox church
The design of educational exhibits
Importing home decorating accessories from India to Finland
Masses based on secular polyphonic songs. 2 : critical commentary
The mass
The St Thomas Mass : case study of an urban church service
East African Tourism Opportunities for the Finnish Market: Development of Joint Marketing Strategy for the Nordic Travel Fair 2013.
Build a better trade show image : establishing brand by designing a  dynamic exhibit experience
The modern genre of the Finnish mass sermon
Trade shows as a part of marketing communication strategy in Russia : case study Abloy
General instruction of the Roman Missal
Mass of the children : for soprano and baritone soli, children's choir, mixed choir and orchestra
Boredom and the religious imagination
The architect as stand designer : building exhibitions 1895-1983
