http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15212 settlement of matters
settlement of matters
The law of receivers of companies
National nuclear power plant safety research 2011-2014 : SAFIR2014 framework plan
ATLAS Cultural Tourism Research Project 2004 : survey report
Hotel developments do not possess such a large scale of familiarity within the Finnish hospitality business. There might be interests for the matter by small hospitality developers and entrepreneurs, but the required large amount of capital, involved high risks, and existing major hotel developers and operators that are dominating Finnish hotel markets are restricting and diminishing the opportunities for new hotel developments. As a result, there is no demand for hotel feasibility studies that are exploring the market, financial and investment feasibility of the hotel development. Consequently, feasibility studies have not become familiar within the hospitality business. Neither has even a pre- feasibility study that represents the curtailed version of the feasibility study.    The primary objective of this study is to investigate the financial and investment feasibility of a hotel development for Rutumi Manor. Primary objective derive from the reason that the hotel development is not planned to be executed in near future and therefore in depth market analysis would not be necessary yet, rather the amount of investment required. The secondary objective is to superficially explore the local market feasibility for Rutumi Manor hotel development. There is a proposed property where the hotel development is planned to take place. Rutumi Manor is a conference and events company in Lapinjärvi, which has been operating since 2001. Rutumi Manor organizes all the functions at their own completely renovated premises, which has history of over 200 years.    Thesis is a product- based thesis combined with a short quantitative research on competitors' performance. Thesis starts with the theoretical framework that includes clarification of the hotel development concept and the feasibility study concept. Theoretical framework is followed by the process of the project, Rutumi Manor pre- feasibility study for hotel development. Lastly, the Rutumi Manor pre- feasibility study for hotel development project is introduced with necessary calculation tables.    The primary objective of the study was achieved with positive and negative financial and investment feasibility results. Also, the secondary objective, curtailed market analysis, was achieved with positive results of the potential market demand. In addition, developed excel tables will enable the update of the financial and investment calculations, when the Rutumi Manor hotel development will be executed.
Environmental performance reviews : United States
Loss control auditing : a guide for conducting fire, safety, and security audits
Simulating interbank payment and securities settlement mechanisms with the BoF-PSS2 simulator
Managing differences : how to build better relationships at work and home
Physical security and environmental protection
Criminal financial investigations : the use of forensic accounting techniques and indirect methods of proof
European corporate insolvency : a practical guide
Guide for plant appraisal
The workshop received presentations of the Frame Survey methods used in Zimbabwe and Zambia which included data analysis, fish taxonomy, socio-economics and fish diseases. A number of areas of concern regarding harmonization of methodology between the two countries were identified and the workshop made recommendations on improving the Frame Survey in Lake Kariba.--Publisher's description.
Report of the Planning Workshop for the Joint Frame Survey for Lake Kariba : Siavonga, Zambia, 11-12 October 2007.
Principles of international insolvency
Handbook of loss prevention and crime prevention
This bachelor's thesis was commissioned by Neste Oil Corporation that is a leading supplier of the traffic fuels and lubricants in Finland. The aim was to do a preliminary study on the possible RFID (Radio Frequency Identification) technology application for  the Naantali's terminal. The main objective of this thesis was to improve the safety at the Naantali refinery's terminal area by using the RFID technology. The research has been limited to include only tank truck identification at the terminal area and the terminal parking lot. The challenge was to find a suitable RFID system for the demanding environment of the oil refinery. This thesis consists of the basics and operating principles of the RFID technology. Safety is a very important factor in oil refinery. The special requirements of the environment, such as possible explosive atmospheres and other safety issues have been taken into consideration in the study. Current operations at the terminal have been researched and taken into consideration when thinking about the RFID application. The recommendations for the RFID application have been made according to the requirements that have been recognized during the research. Two different system suppliers and their products have been suggested. Although, the final decision on the system can only be made after the field tests for the readers and tags. Conclusion of this research is that by implementing the RFID system the safety at the terminal can be improved and the system would also be financially and operationally beneficial to implement.
Evaluation of the Finnish nuclear safety research program "SAFIR2010"
"A comprehensive resource for those developing and executing a loss control audit program, this book comes at the material from three perspectives: Workplace safety, physical security, and life safety and fire service. Written for professionals in loss prevention and safety management as well as those studying the field, this reference includes core auditing issues that are addressed in the mainstream by loss control professionals and provides insight on the implementation of an auditing program within organizations. It illustrates audit scoring methodologies and presents sample audit formats for reader understanding and future use"--
Drafting Cayman Islands trusts
Bank exit legislation in US, EU and Japanese financial centres
NAM reviewed the quality of drug information received by patients
Links between securities settlement systems : an oligopoly theoretic approach
Victorian Insolvency also traces the history of insolvency legislation and adds a new and important dimension to the debate on government growth by examining how the English legal system, through its administration of bankruptcy laws, increased the size and complexity of government bureaucracy. By the end of the nineteenth-century, the cost of administering bankrupt estates was one of the largest items of government expenditure. Dr Lester places Victorian management of insolvency in the context of other legal reforms, the relationship between the legal and business communities, and the development of the modern British state.
Practical aviation security : predicting and preventing future threats
Explaining global creditor right differences
Quality of environmental impact assessment in Finland
SAFIR2010 : the Finnish research programme on nuclear power plant safety 2007-2010 : final report
Guide for Ombudsman institutions : how to conduct investigations
Safety study on level crossing accidents : a shortened version
Maritime security : an introduction
Environmental performance reviews : Japan
Customer satisfaction survey, result analysis and utilization in a global forestry company
Greenhouse Gas Assessment of Nokian Tyres
Helsinki 2006 candidate city : XX Olympic winter games candidature file
Principles of corporate insolvency law
Missing person
Making enquiries into alleged child abuse and neglect : partnership with families
General aviation security : aircraft, hangars, fixed-base operations, flight schools, and airports
How (not) to interview children : interviews with young children in sexual abuse investigations in Finland
Biodiversity in the Baltic Sea : an integrated thematic assessment on biodiversity and nature conservation in the Baltic Sea : executive summary
Knowledge society in progress : evaluation of the Finnish electronic library  - Finelib
Port security management
Policing major events : perspectives from around the world
The environmental monitoring of Svalbard and Jan Mayen, MOSJ : documentation of the system and the first assessments of the state of the environment
Application of RFID technology in terminal operations of an oil refinery : Neste Oil Corporation
Standard setting and competition in securities settlement
Guide to European company laws
National nuclear power plant safety research 2011-2014 : SAFIR2014 framework plan.
Selvitys Kajaanin kaupungin vapaa-aikapalveluista = Utredningen om fritidsservicen i Kajana stad = Report on the borough of Kajaani's leisure services
Business continuity management : in practice
"This practical, user-friendly guide prepares international business travelers for the realities they might face while working or living abroad. Concise and easy-to-read, this manual will be a huge time-saver for corporations who want to educate their staff on safety and security awareness when travelling overseas. The author has experience traveling the world, including to some historical hot zones and areas of conflict. The text provides general advice along with tips targeted at specific readers, including special considerations for women, VIPs, and those who are traveling with children and families"--
Protecting transportation : implementing security policies and programs
Nanomaterials, a danger or a promise? : a chemical and biological perspective
Restructuring securities systems processing : a blue print proposal for real-time/t+0 processing
Models and data report 2010
Botnia in Uruguay : Pulp mill investment project in full swing
The bad mother
Logistics and transportation security : a strategic, tactical, and operational guide to resilience
Abstract (s. 3).
Environmental performance reviews : Slovak Republic
Interim summary report of the safety case 2009.
Management of fisheries on Lake Tanganyika : challenges for research and the community
Aviation and airport security : terrorism and safety concerns
Finnish securities settlement and custody servicing is undergoing a major reform. The timetable is tight. The controlled execution of the projects, on time, is essential due to the systemic importance of the securities markets infrastructure and the competitiveness of the Finnish markets. The reform is based on the EU Regulation on central securities depositories, and the centralised platform for securities settlement, preparations for which have been headed by the ECB. These projects are considerable in terms of scale and are necessary for achieving sustainable cost and risk reductions..
On additivity of bankruptcy rules
Insider threats
The law of corporate finance : general principles and EU law. Funding, exit, takeovers. Volume III
Predicting malicious behavior : tools and techniques for ensuring global security
Intelligence-based security in private industry
Terrorism and the olympics : major event security and lessons for the future
Personal security : a guide for international travelers
Victorian insolvency : bankruptcy, imprisonment for debt, and company winding-up in nineteenth-century England
Constructive discourse and human organization
Best practices for corporate restructuring : leading lawyers on communicating with creditors, analyzing debt, and filing for bankruptcy
The law relating to receivers, managers and administrators
"Sea and freshwater ports are a key component of U.S. critical infrastructure and are vital to maintaining the global and domestic economy. The September 11th attacks in the U.S. marked a paradigm shift in the security of transportation systems including the port and shipping industries. This has led to an increased emphasis on port security. This fully updated second edition covers the latest on continuously changing legislation regarding federal mandates, credentializing employees, securing vessels, and cargo security. The book focuses on best practices, providing real-world solutions to law enforcement authorities and security management professionals"--Provided by publisher.
Rutumi Manor pre-feasibility study for hotel development
About the liabilities and duties of the directors of an insolvent company in the Finnish law
Economies of scale and technological development in securities depository and settlement systems
Performance of international securities markets
Victorian Insolvency explores for the first time the financial, legal, and administrative aspects of insolvency in nineteenth-century England. V. Markham Lester gives a detailed statistical analysis covering bankruptcy, imprisonment for debt, and company winding-up during the period, and traces the decline in the level of insolvency towards the end of the century. His thorough scholarship demonstrates just how significant a problem insolvency was for English society in the Victorian era. Dr Lester argues persuasively that random factors may have played as great a role as cyclical fluctuations in bankruptcy levels.
A new era in securities settlement and custody markets
