http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15287 political change
political change
"Are you fed up with the status quo? Do you ask yourself why 1% of the world owns nearly half the wealth? Are you appalled that in a year of recession, banker's bonuses rose by around 64%? Does it anger you that multi-million dollar corporations pay hardly any tax? Do you trust your government? Always insightful, irreverent but funny, Russell Brand is asking the questions the public wants answered. This is his call to arms. This is Russell Brand's Revolution". Provided by publisher.
Political sociology for a globalizing world
Contemporary Latin America : development and democracy beyond the Washington consensus
Foreign direct investment in a changing political environment : Finnish investment decisions in South Korea
NATO's security discourse after the Cold War : representing the West
Mongolia : a guide to economic and political developments
Labour relations and political change in eastern Europe : a comparative perspective
Uncomfortably numb : youth and the formation of New Nepal
Indonesian politics and society : a reader
For a new Russia : the mayor of St. Petersburg's own story of the struggle for justice and democracy
Where is China going? : new challenges and perspectives of China
Change for the better : global change and economic development : report by a Commonwealth Group of Experts on the Impact of Global Economic and Political Change on the Development Process
Enough is Enough : How to Build a New Republic
Parliaments in transition : the new legislative politics in the former USSR and Eastern Europe
Since it first appeared, this book has achieved a classic status. Reprinted many times since its publication, it remains the only work that looks in detail at the political issues posed by global warming. This new edition has been thoroughly updated and provides a state-of-the-art discussion of the most formidable challenge humanity faces this century. If climate change goes unchecked, the consequences are likely to be catastrophic for human life on earth. Yet for most people and for many policy-makers too, it tends to be a back-of-the-mind issue. We recognize its importance and even its urgency, but for the most part it is swamped by more immediate concerns. Political action and intervention on local, national and international levels are going to have a decisive effect on whether or not we can limit global warming as well as how we adapt to that already occurring. However, at the moment, argues Giddens, we do not have a systematic politics of climate change. Politics-as-usual won't allow us to deal with the problems we face, while the recipes of the main challenger to orthodox politics, the green movement, are flawed at source. Giddens introduces a range of new concepts and proposals to fill in the gap, and examines in depth the connections between climate change and energy security.
Democratization in Africa : challenges and prospects
Globalization and the Gulf
Age of delirium : the decline and fall of the Soviet Union
Constitution making as an instrument of democratic transition : proceedings of the UniDem Conference organised in Istanbul on 8 to 10 October 1992 in co-operation with the Government of the Republic of Turkey and the Turkish Democracy Foundation
Political change in underdeveloped countries : nationalism and Communism
Afghanistan : government and politics
Human rights and civil society in Hungary (1988-2008) : twenty years for rights and freedom
New constitutionalism in Latin America : promises and practices
Political Economy of Bronze- and Iron Age Societies in the Eastern Coast of the Bothnian Bay ca. 1500 BC-AD 1300
The reach of the state : sketches of the Chinese body politic
Waiting for reform under Putin and Medvedev
The end of the Cold War and the causes of Soviet collapse
Politics in Africa : a new introduction
Aspects of political development : an analytic study
Authoritarian modernization in Russia : ideas, institutions, and policies
Crossing the borders of justice : a philosophical study of climate change, justice and environment
Arabia without sultans
Germany : the long road west. Vol. 1, 1789-1933
Japan's politics and economy : perspectives on change
Politics of New India
They followed me in the street : the assassination of a journalist and other horror stories from present day Russia
Restructuring China : party, state and society after the reform and open door
Culture, crisis and America's war on terror
The spring will be ours : Poland and the Poles from occupation to freedom
Politics and political change : a Journal of Interdisciplinary History reader
A genealogy of sovereignty
Ukraine & Croatia : problems of post-communist societies
Democracy, crime and justice
Death of the liberal class
Holding China together : diversity and national integration in the post-Deng era
China since Tiananmen : the politics of transition
In technology we trust : moral justifications in the climate change disputes in the United States
Political opportunities, social movements, and democratization
North Korea in the 21st century : an interpretive guide
Changing patterns of civilian-military relations in the Sudan
Political change in the third world
The new Atlantis
Local politics in rural Taiwan under dictatorship and democracy
Politics and change in developing countries : studies in the theory and practice of development
Struggling to reform: social movements and policy change during cycles of protest
Hugo Chávez and the Bolivarian revolution
Middle class China : identity and behaviour
Abstract: Women's voices and peripheral politics : feminist interpretations of the transition of stage in the Ireland of the 1990's.
The last empress
Power in transition : the legislative and executive branches of power at the turn of the 21st century : survey with recommendations
Negotiating democracy : politicians and generals in Uruguay
Introduction
Where nation-states come from : institutional change in the age of nationalism
The determinants of the revolutionary disintegration of the state in Iran
The presence of the past in politics : "1956" after 1956 in Hungary
South Africa: limits to change : the political economy of transition
Globalization and state transformation in China
Democracy by decree : prospects and limits of imposed consociational democracy in Bosnia and Herzegovina
A decade of democracy in Africa
The political economy of German unification
China in an era of transition : understanding contemporary state and society actors
The politics of the Asian economic crisis
The political economy of pensions : political support and scope for reform
Reinventing political culture : the power of culture versus the culture of power
Transitions revisited : Central and Eastern Europe twenty years after the Soviet Union
Democracy and the market : political and economic reforms in Eastern Europe and Latin America
The handbook of political change in Eastern Europe
Changing Russia? : history, culture and business
Meeting the Challenge : South African Defence in the Post-Apartheid Era
Political change in the United States : a framework for analysis
Truths and half truths : China's socio-economic reforms (1978-2010)
Politics and neoliberalism : structure, process and outcome
Japan transformed : political change and economic restructuring
Democracy in Malaysia : discourses and practices
The politics of democratisation in rural Mozambique : grassroots governance in Mecúfi
China's rise in historical perspective
A stunning story of love, betrayal, and family, set against the backdrop of a changing Taiwan over the course of the twentieth century. February 28, 1947: Trapped inside the family home amid an uprising that has rocked Taipei, Dr. Tsai delivers his youngest daughter, the unnamed narrator of Green Island, just after midnight as the city is plunged into martial law. In the following weeks, as the Chinese Nationalists act to crush the opposition, Dr. Tsai becomes one of the many thousands of people dragged away from their families and thrown into prison. His return, after more than a decade, is marked by alienation from his loved ones and paranoia among his communityconflicts that loom over the growing bond he forms with his youngest daughter. Years later, this troubled past follows her to the United States, where, as a mother and a wife, she too is forced to decide between what is right and what might save her familythe same choice she witnessed her father make many years before. As the novel sweeps across six decades and two continents, the life of the narrator shadows the course of Taiwans history from the end of Japanese colonial rule to the decades under martial law and, finally, to Taiwans transformation into a democracy. But, above all, Green Island is a lush and lyrical story of a family and a nation grappling with the nuances of complicity and survival, raising the question: how far would you be willing to go for the ones you love? From the Hardcover edition.
Norway in transition : transforming a stable democracy
Transition in Africa : studies in political adaptation
The new Northern Irish politics
The first decade : the Hong Kong SAR in retrospective and introspective perspectives
The politics of small things : the power of the powerless in dark times
Sovremennyj mir = Contemporary world : izbrannye trudy
Russian state and society in political crisis
Central Asia in focus : political and economic issues
Devolution in Britain today
A history of Eastern Europe : crisis and change
Political transformation and transitions in post and non-post-conflict democratic and non-democratic states
At the crossroads of post-communist modernisation: Russia and China in comparative perspective : paper to be presented at the International Studies Association Convention Chicago, Feb 24, 2001
The Caucasian republics
Saudi Arabia in the balance : political economy, society, foreign affairs
Power and change in the United States : empirical findings and their implications
Towards a theory of political art : cultural politics of 'Black Wave' film in Yugoslavia, 1963-1972
Orange revolution and aftermath : mobilization, apathy, and the state in Ukraine
Budapest 1956 : a history of the Hungarian revolution
Policy choices in a globalized world
Politics of development in the Barents region
The post cold war order in Asia & the challenge to ASEAN
Identity transformation and identity politics under structural adjustment in Nigeria
China without Deng
Southern Europe transformed : political and economic change in Greece, Italy, Portugal and Spain
Oil and revolution in Mexico
Moldova's 'orange evolution' : a great leap westward?
Abstract: The paradoxes of power in South Africas's political transition.
Changes in Soviet policy towards the West
Greece in the twentieth century
Abstract: Fragmenting places of politics - uniforming urban policies : urban planning implementing policies in Berlin.
Political economy of transition and development : institutions, politics and policies
Cold war perceptions : Romania's policy change towards the Soviet Union, 1960-1964
British politics : continuities and change
Politics in the USSR : a country study
Politics in Russia : a reader
China's deep reform : domestic politics in transition
Transition in Southern Africa - comparative aspects : two lectures
When the doves disappeared : a novel
"Democracy, prosperity and self-rule, this was the vision of African independence. Across the continent, however, the 'optimism' that characterized the immediate post-independence period has largely faded. Meanwhile, ordinary Africans lurch between undemocratic, unaccountable and unresponsive governments and a decaying traditional African past. How did things go so wrong? Why has the continent lagged behind others in economic development despite its potential natural resources? Why are so many African states prone to conflict? And why has democracy been slow to take root in a majority of the countries? Covering everything from African economies to the role of the state, rural livelihoods to issues of gender, 'Politics in Africa' offers a fresh perspective in answering these questions, making the continent's problems more understandable, less wretched and even intensely hopeful. Up-to-date, concise and provocative, this is indispensable reading for anyone interested in African politics."--P. [4] of cover.
A Machiavellian scheme of the human condition of Russian women as contributors to political transition : an inquiry through contemporary Russian women's prose
Dismantling utopia : how information ended the Soviet Union
The politics of climate change
The art of adaptation : a study on the europeanization of Finland's foreign and security policy
The institutional dynamics of China's great transformation
Côte d'Ivoire gender-based violence, conflicts, and the political transition : a case study report
