http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15270 settlers
settlers
The Americans : the colonial experience
Unsettling stories : settler postcolonialism and the short story composite
The sod house
Canada before Confederation : a study in historical geography
Settler and nomad in Northern Torne Lappmark
The American West : a new interpretive history
The making of an American community : a case study of democracy in a frontier county
The Swedes in Australia. Volume 1-. Colonial Australia, 1788-1900
Changes in the land : Indians, colonists, and the ecology of New England
Little house on the prairie
Little house on the prairie. Season 8
Conquering nature and engaging with the environment in the Russian industrialised North
Indians, furs, and empires : the changing policies of New York and Pennsylvania, 1674-1768
These happy golden years
Settler economies in world history
Keyflower
Deadwood : the complete first season
On the other side of the hill
The chroniclers
The lonesome plains : death and revival on an American frontier
The Canadians
The Swedish settlements on the Delaware : Their History and Relation to the Indians, Dutch and English 1638-1664. 1
Empire of the summer moon : Quanah Parker and the rise and fall of the comanche tribe
The forgotten founders : rethinking the history of the Old West
A small part of history
On the banks of the Bayou
Bachelor girl
What relationship exists between indigenous and settler/immigrant populations? This fascinating volume answers this question by examining societies where Europeans have settled and become politically dominant over indigenous people-and where a heterogeneous society has developed in class, ethnic, and racial terms. A distinguished cast of contributors explores the racial and ethnic cleavages of such societies and invites comparison with a variety of contemporary societies that have involved encounters between native and migrant groups. In all the case studies discussed (New Zealand, Australia, Zimbabwe, Algeria, Israel, the United States, Mexico, Peru, Canada, and South Africa), special attention is paid to the role of gender. For scholars and students in the fields of gender studies, race and ethnic studies, sociology, and political theory, this book is a must.
Promised lands : promotion, memory, and the creation of the American West
Pioneer children on the journey west
A true picture of emigration
Little house on the prairie : Pieni talo preerialla. Season 1, discs 5 & 6.
Ecology and empire : environmental history of settler societies
Gunfighter nation : the myth of the frontier in twentieth-century America
Pocahontas and Captain John Smith : The Story of the Virginia Colony
"Settlers, Liberty, and Empire traces the emergence of a revolutionary conception of political authority on the far shores of the eighteenth-century Atlantic world. Based on the equal natural right of English subjects to leave the realm, claim indigenous territory, and establish new governments by consent, this radical set of ideas culminated in revolution and republicanism. But unlike most scholarship on early American political theory, Craig Yirush does not focus solely on the revolutionary era of the late eighteenth century. Instead, he examines how the political ideas of settler elites in British North America emerged in the often-forgotten years between the Glorious Revolution in America and the American Revolution against Britain. By taking seriously an imperial world characterized by constitutional uncertainty, geo-political rivalry, and the ongoing presence of powerful Native American peoples, Yirush provides a long-term explanation for the distinctive ideas of the American Revolution"-- Provided by publisher.
The pilgrims and Plymouth colony
The son
Handbook of the American frontier : four centuries of Indian-White relationships. Vol. 4, The far west
Lost on Mars
Roughing in the bush, or, Life in Canada
Dans la prairie canadienne = On the Canadian prairie
The Indian frontier, 1846-1890
Bacon & beans : ranch-country recipes
Ghost Hawk
The Americanization of Alaska, 1867-1897
Bourbon island 1730
Little house on the prairie. Season 6
The new country : a social history of the American frontier, 1776-1890
The New World : the extended cut
The American West : a very short introduction
The crystal city
Little House on the Prairie
The Swedish settlements on the Delaware : Their History and Relation to the Indians, Dutch and English 1638-1664. 2
The Great Plains
In the North my nest is made : studies in the history of the Murman colonization 1860-1940
Rivals for Catan puts you in charge of one of the two factions developing newlysettled Catan. Use your unique card mix to create your own principality. Explore and settle new lands. Acquire resources through card play and the luck of the dice. Use gold, resource combinations, and trade to develop your domain. Expand your settlements and cities, recruit heroes, and defend your lands through politics, invention and intrigue. Use your cunning! Become Prince of Catan!
Little house on Rocky Ridge
Settlers and expatriates : Britons over the seas
Between two worlds : how the English became Americans
The long winter
Mayflower : the diary of Remember Patience Whipple, 1620
New dawn on Rocky Ridge
At the crossroads : Indians and empires on a mid-Atlantic frontier, 1700-1763
Daily life on the nineteenth century American frontier
West to far Michigan : settling the Lower Peninsula, 1815-1860
Little house on the prairie. Season 7
Storms brewed in other men's worlds : the confrontation of Indians, Spanish, and French in the Southwest, 1540-1795
Gold diggers : striking it rich in the Klondike
Cowgirls
Wisconsin death trip
English and Irish settlement on the river Amazon, 1550-1646
Rivals for Catan : Deluxe
Woman of Labrador
Settlers, liberty, and empire : the roots of early American political theory, 1675-1775
The trailblazers
By the shores of Silver Lake
Little house sisters : collected stories from the Little house books
Settler colonialism : a theoretical overview
The making of racial sentiment : slavery and the birth of the frontier romance
Log cabin pioneers : Stories, songs & sayings
I go to America : Swedish American women and the life of Mina Anderson
The unredeemed captive : a family story from early America
Little farm in the Ozarks
Unsettling settler societies : articulations of gender, race, ethnicity and class
The first four years
Wondrous times on the frontier
Famished
The tenderness of wolves
The Wild West : history, myth & the making of America
Explores the experience of Britons in the colonial world outside the Dominions through a series of case studies of different communities spread across the world of British power.
The outlander
The world of Little House
Across the Wide and Lonesome Prairie : The Oregon Trail Diary of Hattie Campbell 1847
Wilderness women : Canada's forgotten history
In the land of the big red apple
Little town on the prairie
The cowboy encyclopedia
The disestablishment of paradise : a novel in five parts plus documents
The American West
Song of Sampo Lake
The illustrated directory of the old west
A kingdom for the brave
The American frontier : images and myths : Whitney Museum of American Art,  New York,June 26 to September 16, 1973 / Patricia Hills
Men to match my mountains : the opening of the Far West, 1840-1900
American legends of the Wild West
Little house in the big woods
The American heritage book of the pioneer spirit
The red garden
Little house In the big woods
The West : an illustrated history
Isaac Asimov's Foundation trilogy and Manifest Destiny
Bound for Santa Fe : the road to New Mexico and the American conquest, 1806-1848
Roughing it in the bush; or, Life in Canada
A world you do not know : settler societies, indigenous peoples and the attack on cultural diversity
The Alaskans
On the banks of Plum Creek
The backwoods of Canada
Waiting for the Barbarians
John Sutter and a wider West
Westward expansion : a history of the American frontier
The hammer
The pioneers
Ethnic frontiers and peripheries : landscapes of development and inequality in Israel
Wagons west!
In the bosom of the Comanches : a thrilling tale of untamed Indian life, massacre and captivity truthfully told by a surviving captive
Becoming Laura Ingalls Wilder : the woman behind the legend
The snow child
