http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15213 liturgy
liturgy
Liturgies of the Spanish and Portuguese Reformed Episcopal Churches
Liturgia Svecanae ecclesiae : an attempt at eucharistic restoration during the Swedish reformation
Anglican missals and their canons : 1549, interim rite and Roman
Community worship 2000
The lamb's high feast : Melito, Peri Pascha and the quartodeciman Paschal liturgy at Sardis
The liturgical subject : subject, subjectivity, and the human person in contemporary liturgical discussion and critique
Trained in classical and oriental philology, Anton Baumstark (1872-1948) was prodigious as a scholar studying the literature, art, and liturgy of the whole church--Oriental, Eastern, and Western. Comparative liturgy, his method for studying the historical development of the liturgy as an organism, has had a lasting influence, notably on the liturgical study of the Christian East. --Book Jacket.
“The liturgist is a general practitioner who sees a lot in his practice and for whom virtually everything is important”. The phrase from the Introduction to the book offers a useful starting point for understanding what the authors essentially want to convey. While much may be important, this volume addresses specifically the relation between liturgy and mystery. Many of the contributing authors recognise the bodied reality of mystery as crucial to the “health” of liturgical relationship. The contributors acknowledge that neither the “practitioner” as liturgist, nor the theologian alone can provide the necessary “life-giving connections” that help mediate between liturgy and mystery. Thus, the skills and knowledge from various liturgical traditions and denominations are utilised to explore: (1) the gospels and Christ event, (2) the ongoing process of tradition through verbal and non-verbal means, (3) the transparency of mystery itself, (4) the partaking in the Mystery through the links with other areas and commitments of life, and (5) the revision of the classical approach to the relationship between liturgy and systematic theology. This paired liturgical and theological investigation ultimately opens ways for understanding what liturgy itself is, and what theology maybe should be.
Catalogue of medieval manuscript fragments in the Helsinki University Library : Fragmenta membranea. 4:1, Antiphonaria : text
The sanctus in the eucharistic prayer
Heresy of formlessness : the Roman liturgy and its enemy
Holy ground : a liturgical cosmology
Liturgica historica : papers on the liturgy and religious life of the western church
Continuity and change in Christian worship : papers read at the 1997 Summer Meeting and the 1998 Winter Meeting of the Ecclesiastical History Society
The divine liturgy of Saint John Chrysostom = I thia liturjia tu Ajiu Ioannu tu Khrysostomu
Studies in Eastern chant. Volume 5
The authority of mystery : the word of God and the people of God
The organic development of the liturgy : the principles of liturgical reform and their relation to the twentieth-century liturgical movement prior to the second Vatican Council
The divine liturgy of the Eastern Orthodox Church
Documents of the baptismal liturgy
The Byzantine-Slav liturgy of St. John Chrysostom : its origin and evolution
Desiring the kingdom : worship, worldview, and cultural formation
West Syrian liturgical theology
Order of service for the dedication of the Ecumenical Centre and Chapel = Ordre du service pour la dédicace du centre œcuménique et de la chapelle = Gottesdienstordnung für die winweihung des Ökumenischen Zentrums und der Kapelle
New ... St. Joseph Sunday missal
New creation : a liturgical worldview
A Byzantine monastic office, 1105 A.D. : Houghton Library, MS gr. 3
Mediating mysteries, understanding liturgies : on bridging the gap between liturgy and systemactic theology
The Anglican eucharist in New Zealand, 1814-1989
Aspects of the liturgical year in Cappadocia (325-430)
The liturgy of the late Anglo-Saxon church
Beyond the text : a holistic approach to liturgy
Worship in the early church : an anthology of historical sources. Vol. 2
The Orthodox liturgy : being the divine liturgies of S. John Chrysostom and S. Basil the Great and the divine office of the presanctified gifts, together with the ordering of the holy and divine liturgy, the office of preparation for the Holy Communion, the prayers of thanksgiving after the Holy Communion
The Byzantine divine liturgy : history and commentary
"Anamnesis as Dangerous Memory explores the political theology of Johann Baptist Metz to discover how Christian memory is prophetic both in its revelation of extraordinary circumstances of injustice and the challenge and hope it poses to those who join in solidarity with the oppressed. Liturgical theologian Alexander Schmemann then elaborates how the liturgy reveals the kingdom of God and empowers believers to witness to it. The meeting of these theologies results in a rich eschatology, a life shaped by the vision of a future that fulfills the promises of the past."--BOOK JACKET.
A commentary on the divine liturgy
Liturgy and worship : a companion to the prayer books of the Anglican communion
Liturgical theology : the church as worshiping community
For nearly a century On the Historical Development of the Liturgy has been valued by specialists in the field of liturgical studies, both for its description of comparative liturgy and for the portrayal of patterns Baumstark discerns in liturgical development. Also significant are the hypotheses Baumstark proposes and the evidence he brings to bear on problems in liturgical history. In this annotated edition, Fritz West provides the first English translation of this work by Anton Baumstark. --
On this day : the Armenian Church Synaxarion (Yaysmawurkʻ), February : a parallel Armenian-English text
Gates of understanding = Sha'are binah. 2, Appreciating the days of awe
The urban character of Christian worship : the origins, development, and meaning of stational liturgy
The liturgical portions of the Apostolic constitutions : a text for students
Let us attend : a journey through the orthodox divine liturgy
Meeting mystery : liturgy, worship, sacraments
The prayers of man : from primitive peoples to present times
Worship as repentance : Lutheran liturgical traditions and Catholic consensus
Festa Paschalia : a history of the Holy Week liturgy in the Roman Rite
Political worship
Desiring the Kingdom focuses education around the themes of liturgy, formation, and desire. The author contends--as did Augustine--that human beings are "desiring agents"; in other words, we are what we love. Postmodern culture, far from being "secular," is saturated with liturgy, but in places such as malls, stadiums, and universities. While these structures influence us, they do not point us to the best of ends. Smith aims to move beyond a focus on "worldview" to see Christian education as a counter-formation to these secular liturgies. His ultimate purpose is to re-vision Christian education as a formative process that redirects our desire toward God's kingdom and its vision of flourishing. --from publisher descriptioin
Moses bar Kepha : commentary on myron
Russian imperial Lutheran liturgy since the publication of the 1832 agenda
Worship in the Early Church is a collection of excerpts from early Christian writings illustrating the Church's liturgical practice in both East and West, from its Jewish beginnings through the end of the sixth century.
The book of common order, 1979.
The early churches of Constantinople : architecture and liturgy
Byzantine hymnography for the Feast of the Entrance of the Theotokos : an intermedial approach
The Christian-Jewish encounter liturgical considerations
The presanctified liturgy in the Byzantine rite : a comparative analysis of its origins, evolution, and structural components
Liturgical subjects : Christian ritual, biblical narrative, and the formation of the self in Byzantium
The study of liturgy
Liturgische Tropen : Referate zweier Colloquien des Corpus Troporum in München (1983) und Canterbury (1984)
The social role of liturgy in the religion of the Qumran community
He gave thanks : an introduction to the Eucharistic prayer
Ritual words : Daoist liturgy and the Confucian Liumen tradition in Sichuan province
Liturgigal continuity in the Lutheran churches of Sweden and Finland
The early church at work and worship. Vol. 1, Ministry, ordination, covenant, and canon
The people's work : a social history of the liturgy
Rytų Prūsijos liuteronų liturginė tradicija ir lietuviškoji raiška Reformacijos ir Donelaičio laikų agendose = The East Prussian Lutheran liturgical tradition and its Lithuanian expression from the Reformation to the agendas of the Donelaitis era
Liturgy, architecture, and sacred places in Anglo-Saxon England
The active participation revisited = La participation active : 100 ans apres Pie X et 40 ans apres Vatican II
Frank Senn ventures behind the liturgical screen, behind the texts, and behind the rubrics to reconstruct the everyday religious expression in Christian history. Senns magisterial Christian Liturgy: Catholic and Evangelical (1997) has been widely hailed for its appreciation of the dynamic role of culture in shaping liturgical expression. In The Peoples Work, Senn delves further into the cultural home of liturgy looking at processions and pilgrimage, communion practices and spiritual reading, fasting and feastingall the myriad liturgical practices that have been the concrete life and primary work of the body of Christ.
The road to the unification of the Lutheran churches in the Russian empire under a single liturgy
Worship in the network culture : liturgical ritual studies : fields and methods, concepts and metaphors
The Feast of Epiphany : feast of lights : a concise presentation of the Feast of Epiphany in its Biblical and historical background along with excerpts from the service of the sanctification of the waters as it is celebrated in the Eastern Orthodox Church
A completely revised and expanded edition of this collection of liturgies for morning, day, evening, Holy Communion and healing services and there are revised liturgies from the original edition. Aimed primarily at participative worship with shared leadership, it includes optional methods of scriptural reflection and prayer with symbolic acction. There is also a preface of comments on leading worship, dealing with all the issues which ordained clergy never tell lay people but presume they should know.
A glossary of liturgical and ecclesiastical terms : with numeros illustrations on wood
First communion : ritual, church, and popular religious identity
Nuptial blessing : a study of Christian marriage
Worship in the early church : an anthology of historical sources. Vol. 4
Manipulating theophany : light and ritual in north Adriatic architecture (ca. 400-ca. 800)
Prayers of the Eucharist : early and reformed : texts translated and edited with commentary
Rites and Rituals of the Christian East : Proceedings of the Fourth International Congress of the Society of Oriental Liturgy, Lebanon, 10-15 July 2012
In this follow-up to "The Kingdom and the Glory" and "The Highest Poverty," Agamben investigates the roots of our moral concept of duty in the theory and practice of Christian liturgy. Beginning with the New Testament and working through to late scholasticism and modern papal encyclicals, Agamben traces the Church's attempts to repeat Christ's unrepeatable sacrifice. Crucial here is the paradoxical figure of the priest, who becomes more and more a pure instrument of God's power, so that his own motives and character are entirely indifferent as long as he carries out his priestly duties. In modernity, Agamben argues, the Christian priest has become the model ethical subject. We see this above all in Kantian ethics. Contrasting the Christian and modern ontology of duty with the classical ontology of being, Agamben contends that Western philosophy has unfolded in the tension between the two. This latest installment in the study of Western political structures begun in "Homo Sacer" is a contribution to the study of liturgy, an extension of Nietzsche's genealogy of morals, and a reworking of Heidegger's history of Being.
The church at prayer : an introduction to the liturgy. Volume 4, The liturgy and time
Liturgy and empire : faith in exile and political theology
On the liturgy. Vol. 1, Books 1-2
The liturgy after the liturgy : mission and witness from an Orthodox perspective
Divine presence in the Eucharistic theology of Nicholas Cabasilas
Economia and eschatology : liturgical mystagogy in the Byzantine prothesis rite
Worship : a primer in Christian ritual
On this day : the Armenian Church Synaxarion (Yaysmawurkʻ), January : a parallel Armenian-English text
Jewish liturgy : prayer and synagogue service through the ages
The Armenian Surb Patarag or Eucharistic Holy Sacrifice : Scholarly Symposium in Honor of the Visitto the Pontifical Oriental Institute, Rome of His Holiness Karekin II, Supreme Patriarch and Catholicos of All Armenians, May 8,2008
Festive speeches : delivered at National Metsovio Polytechnic School during national anniversaries
The Bishop in liturgy : an Anglican symposium on the role and task of the bishop in the field of liturgy
The garments of salvation : Orthodox Christian liturgical vesture
Journey to the kingdom : an insider's look at the liturgy and beliefs of the Eastern Orthodox church
Essays in theology and liturgy. Vol. 3, Aspects of Orthodox worship
Alternative worship in the Church of England / Paul Roberts
Eucharistic worship in ecumenical contexts : the Lima liturgy - and beyond
Opus Dei : an archaeology of duty
Tasting heaven on earth : worship in sixth-century Constantinople
The sacred play of children
Orthodox feasts of Jesus Christ & the Virgin Mary : liturgical texts with commentary
The Promise of His glory : services and prayers for the season from All Saints to Candlemas
The Orthodox liturgy : the development of the eucharistic liturgy in the Byzantine rite
Anamnesis as dangerous memory : political and liturgical theology in dialogue
Foundations in ritual studies : a reader for students of Christian worship
A liturgia sclavinica ad provinciam slovacam : ad initia cultus Cristiani in Slovacia = Od slovienskej liturgie ku slovenskej provincii : korene krest'anskej kultúry na Slovensku = From Slavonic liturgy to the Slovak province : roots of Christian culture in Slovakia
Worship in the early church : an anthology of historical sources. Vol. 3
Iona Abbey worship book
Prayer and worship in Eastern Christianities, 5th to 11th centuries
Liturgy, books, and Franciscan identity in medieval Umbria
Liturgy in Byzantium and beyond
After the primitive Christians : the eighteenth-century Anglican Eucharist in its architectural setting
The liturgical ministry of deacons
Life and liturgy
Introduction to liturgical theology
A short history of the Western liturgy : an account and some reflections
Worship in the early church : an anthology of historical sources. Vol. 1
Worship signifies a wide field of liturgical ritual practices that extend from the Sunday morning service in a mainline church through a worship service in an African Independent Church to Christian ritual on the internet and cultural ritual-symbolic practices. Solid and solidified concepts are no longer sufficient for the study of this liquid field. This book approaches liturgical ritual from a different perspective. The first part of this book maps and explores the field of liturgical ritual studies. The second part of the book takes a first step in the process of conceptualisation and elaborates on the sensitising concept of liminality. In part three various aspects of the field are elaborated on in six double perspectives: bricolage/particularity, language/silence, image/sound, embodiment/performance, play/function, time/space. Part four reviews the road that the book has covered to this point from the two theological perspectives that characterise Protestant worship: Sacrament/Word and Prayer/Worship.0.
The feast of faith : approaches to a theology of the liturgy
Consecrating the world : on mundane liturgical theology
The divine liturgy of our father among the saints John Chrysostom
The oldest church manual
Worship and liturgy in context : studies and case studies in theology and practice / edited by Duncan B. Forrester & Doug Gay
In 1921, Anton Baumstark delivered two lectures on the development of the Roman Rite to a gathering at the Abbey of Maria Laach. Abbot Ildefons Herwegen offered to publish those lectures, but Baumstark decided to write a book on the topic instead, which was published two years later as On the Historical Development of the Liturgy. It would be another sixteen years before he produced Comparative Liturgy, for which he is better known. Together the two books lay out Baumstark's liturgical methodology. Comparative Liturgy presents his method; On the Historical Development of the Liturgy offers his model. --
Continuity and change in ceremonial structure : the process of performing the Yaqui Easter
The comparative liturgy of Anton Baumstark
Byzantine chant : between Constantinople and the Danubian principalities : studies in Byzantine musicology
Roman Catholic worship : Trent to today
The Canons of Hippolytus
Theological dimensions of the liturgy : a general treatise on the theology of the liturgy
The Christian churches of the East
Commentary on the liturgy of the Syrian Orthodox Church of Antioch
Sacraments and worship : the sources of Christian theology
Ancient Christian worship : early church practices in social, historical, and theological perspective
Liturgy and the moral self : humanity at full stretch before God : essays in honor of Don E. Saliers
Bodies of worship : explorations in theory and practice
Authority and freedom in liturgy: patristic, free church, pentecostal, ecumenical
New ... St. Joseph weekday missal. Vol. 1, Advent to Pentecost : all the proper mass texts for every weekday and feast day ..
Ceremony and celebration
Iona Abbey music book : songs from the Iona Abbey worship book
Jewish liturgy and its development
Early Jewish liturgy : a sourcebook for use by students of early Christian liturgy
The liturgy of the holy apostoles Adai and Mari : together with two additional liturgies to be said on certain feasts and other days, and the Order of Baptism, in the strength of our Lord Jesus Christ we begin to write the order of the consecration of the oblation and of babtism; complete and entire; collated from many MSS. from various places
Imagining the kingdom : how worship works
A dictionary of liturgy & worship
A book of services
The liturgy in English
Worship and evangelism in pre-Christendom
The shape of the liturgy
Primary sources of liturgical theology : a reader
Divine worship and human healing : liturgical theology at the margins of life and death
The precommunion rites
The liturgy of the Canons regular of the Holy Sepulchre of Jerusalem : a study and a catalogue of the manuscript sources
Ratzinger's faith : the theology of pope Benedict XVI
Liturgy pastoral and parochial
The Typikon decoded : an explanation of Byzantine liturgical practice
The Spirit in worship, worship in the Spirit
Adoratio crucis : the Regularis Concordia and the Decreta Lanfranci. Manuscript studies in the early medieval church of Norway
Holy play : aspects for the liturgical renewals in Asia
The people are holy : the history and theology of Free Church worship
New ... St. Joseph weekday missal. Vol. 2, Advent to Pentecost : all the proper mass texts for every weekday and feast day ..
Jewish Liturgy: A Guide to Research
A wee worship book
Communion outside the Eucharist
Chants of the byzantine rite : the Italo-Albanian tradition in sicily = Canti Ecclesiastici Della Tradizione Italo-Albanese in Sicilia
Of water and the spirit : a liturgical study of baptism
A Zoroastrian liturgy : the worship in seven chapters (Yasna 35-41)
The early church at work and worship. Vol. 2, Catechesis, baptism, eschatology, and martyrdom
Signs of God's promise : Thomas Cranmer's sacramental theology and the Book of common prayer
Eucharistic concelebration / by John R.K. Fenwick
On the historical development of the liturgy
Holy week. Volume 1
The origins of the liturgical year
The Eucharistic liturgies : their evolution and interpretation
An Interpretation of the divine liturgy based on actual events and experiences of holy priests, monks and lay people
Modern Anglican ordination rites
The Divine Liturgy : A commentary in the light of the fathers
