http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1524 morphology (biology)
morphology (biology)
Contemporary morphological theories : a user's guide
Comparative morphology of vascular plants
Variation in floral morphology and reproductive success in Petrocoptis grandiflora (Caryophyllaceae)
A comparative study of gametophyte morphology, gametangial ontogeny and sex expression in the Asplenium adiantum-nigrum complex (Aspleniaceae, Pteridophyta)
Optical monitoring of flocs and filaments in the activated sludge process
The delineation of Geomorphic Process Units (GPUs) aims to quantify past, current and future geomorphological processes and the sediment flux associated with them. Five GPUs have been identified for the Okstindan area of northern Norway and these were derived from the combination of Landsat satellite imagery (TM and ETM+) with stereo aerial photographs (used to construct a Digital Elevation Model) and ground survey. The Okstindan study area is sub-arctic and mountainous and is dominated by glacial and periglacial processes. The GPUs exclude the glacial system (some 37% of the study area) and hence they are focussed upon periglacial and colluvial processes. The identified GPUs are: 1. solifluction and rill erosion; 2. talus creep, slope wash and rill erosion; 3. accumulation of debris by rock and boulder fall; 4. rockwalls; and 5. stable ground with dissolved transport. The GPUs have been applied to a 'test site' within the study area in order to illustrate their potential for mapping the spatial distribution of geomorphological processes. The test site within the study area is a catchment which is representative of the range of geomorphological processes identified.
Leaf venation patterns. 4, Melastomataceae
Usually geomorphology, structural geology and engineering geology provide descriptions of slope instability in quite distinctive ways. This new research is based on combined approaches to providing an integrated view of the operative slope processes. 'Slope Tectonics' is the term adopted here to refer to those deformations that are induced or fully controlled by the slope morphology, and that generate features which can be compared to those created by tectonic activity. Such deformation can be induced by the stress field in a slope which is mainly controlled by gravity, topography and the geological setting created by the geodynamic context. The content of this book includes slope-deformation characterization using morphology and evolution, mechanical behaviour of the material, modes of failure and collapse, influence of lithology and structural features, and the role played by controlling factors. The contributions cover broad aspects of slope tectonics that attempt to underline a multidisciplinary approach, which should create a better framework for studies of slope instability.--
"Sometimes dismissed as linguistically epiphenomenal, inflectional paradigms are, in reality, the interface of a language's morphology with its syntax and semantics. Drawing on abundant evidence from a wide range of languages (French, Hua, Hungarian, Kashmiri, Latin, Nepali, Noon, Old Norse, Sanskrit, Turkish, Twi and others), Stump examines a variety of mismatches between words' content and form, including morphomic patterns, defectiveness, overabundance, syncretism, suppletion, deponency and polyfunctionality. He demonstrates that such mismatches motivate a new grammatical architecture in which two kinds of paradigms are distinguished: content paradigms, which determine word forms' syntactic distribution and semantic interpretation, and form paradigms, which determine their inflectional realization. In this framework, the often nontrivial linkage between a lexeme's content paradigm and its stems' form paradigm is the nexus at which incongruities of content and form are resolved. Stump presents clear and precise analyses of a range of morphological phenomena in support of this theoretical innovation"--
Morphological and molecular studies in the genus Tremella
A lower bound for a constant in Shallit's conjecture
Functional and detailed morphology of the Tylenchida (Nematoda)
Lime-trees and basswoods : a biological monograph of the genus Tilia
Manual of woody landscape plants : their identification, ornamental characteristics, culture, propagation and uses
The insects : structure and function
Plant morphology
The evolution of organ systems
Fundamentals of beekeeping
Mapping the spatial distribution of geomorphological processes in the Okstindan area of northern Norway, using Geomorphic Process Units as derived from remote sensing and ground survey
Phase structure and surface morphology effects on the optical properties of nanocrystalline PZT thin films
Reproductive morphology in Annonaceae
Signs of the time : selected papers from TISLR 8 [2004]
Reconstructing physical activity from human skeletal remains : potentials and restrictions in the use of musculoskeletal stress markers
An atlas of invertebrate structure
A study in the morphology of the Finns and its relation to the settlement of Finland
Geomorphology and geoecology : Proceedings of the Second International Conference on Geomorphology: Geomorphology and Geoecology, Frankfurt/Main 1989.
External morphology and larval development of Derocheilocaris remanei Delamare-Deboutteville & Chappuis, 1951 (Crustacea, Mystacocarida), with a comparison of crustacean segmentation and tagmosis patterns
Manual of insect morphology
Grass-endophyte coevolution and ploidy levels in fescues
Handbuch der Zoologie: eine Naturgeschichte der Stämme des Tierreiches = Handbook of Zoology: a natural history of the phyla of the animal kingdom. 4, Anthropoda: Insecta, Teilband 38: Coleoptera, Beetles, vol. 1: Morphology and systematics (Archostemata, Adephaga, Myxophaga, Polyphaga partim)
Word-Formation : an International handbook of the languages of Europe. Volume 1
The chordates
Atlas of dengue viruses morphology and morphogenesis
Effects of predation pressure and resource use on morphological divergence in omnivorous prey fish
Integrated principles of zoology
An introduction to pollen analysis
An introduction to a Scandinavian pollen flora. Vol. 2
The Sphagnum subsecundum complex (Sphagnaceae) : morphological variability and taxonomic implications
Input and interaction in deaf families
Effects of endurance exercise in skeletal muscle morphology and angiogenesis of streptozotocin-induced diabetic mice models
Irish sign language : a cognitive linguistic account
Epidermal features and spikelet micromorphology in Oryza and related genera (Poaceae: Oryzeae)
Cold-climate landforms on Mars and Earth-analogues in Svalbard
The morphology of human blood cells : in wright stained smears of peripheral blood and bone marrow
The morphology of human blood cells
Functional-structural tree models : papers selected from the Helsinki Workshop on functional-structural tree models, 12.
The palatal dentition in squamate reptiles : morphology, development, attachment, and replacement
Pollen grains : their structure, identification and significance in science and medicine
An atlas of insect morphology
Pelodera (syn. Rhabditis) strongyloides as a cause of dermatitis : a report of 11 dogs from Finland : case study
Nature's patterns : a tapestry in three parts. [Flow]
Beyond morphology : interface conditions on word formation
Pollen morphology of Indian Geraniales : a research monograph
Influence of injection molding process on morphological and mechanical properties of POM
The Crustacea. Vol. 2
The changing earth : rates of geomorphological processes
The morphology of Gymnosperms : the structure and evolution of primitive seed-plants
Morphological characterization of neuronal  and non-neuronal phenotypes of the human  neuroblastoma SH-SY5Y cell line
The morphology of the hind wing articulation and wing base of the Scarabaeoidea (Coleoptera) with some phylogenetic implications
Borrowed morphology
Biology and ecology of Norway spruce
An introduction to general and comparative animal physiology
Food web structure of an Arctic lake (Pulmankijärvi, northern Finland) studied by stable isotope analyses
Tiivistelmä: Influence of injection molding process on morphological and mechanical properties of POM.
Pollen and spore morphology : plant taxonomy. Pteridophyta
Monograph of the Urostyloidea (Ciliophora, Hypotricha)
A history of the English language
As the reader will notice immediately after a quick look at the table of contents, the range of topics addressed in the individual contributions is very broad and the number of sign languages studied too - the crosslinguistic slant is recurrent in many of the chapters, a valuable feature in itself. Nevertheless, an attempt has been made to group the 17 chapters by thematic affinity into recognizable sections. Still, it should be made clear that these divisions are one of many possible ones and thus artificial: in most of the cases there are aspects of the paper that have a clear link to another thematic section. This is a natural outcome of the fact that linguistic research does not remain limited to isolated compartments, but usually looks into different subdomains in order to reach substantial results.
Morphology, shape and phylogeny
Functionalized nanocelluloses in wastewater treatment applications
Analysis of vertebrate structure
Plant form : an illustrated guide to flowering plant morphology
Phylogeny and form in the plant kingdom
Recent spatiotemporal changes and main determinants of aquatic macrophyte vegetation in large lakes in Finland
Principles of insect morphology
Molecular biology of fungal development
The morpholgy of human blood cells
Ecological morphology : integrative organismal biology
Studies of neotropical caddisflies. 51, Systematics of the neotropical caddisfly genus Contulma (Trichoptera: Anomalopsychidae)
A guide to pollen- and seed-cone morphology of black spruce, white spruce, jack pine and eastern white pine for controlled pollination
Nordens Eupithecier : en udførlig behandling af de i Fennoscandia og Danmark forekommende Eupitheciae Curt. : Eupithecia, Gymnoscelis, Chloroclystis (Lepidopt. Geometridae)
Chordate structure and function
Adaptive and neutral variation of the resprouter Nothofagus antarctica growing in distinct habitats in north-western Patagonia
Geomorphology
Pollen grains of Japan
Chronoclinal variation and sexual dimorphism in Mammut americanum (American mastodon) from the Pleistocene of Florida
Morphological observations on the superior surface of the body of the sphenoid bone in human adults
Nemertean morphology and genetics in an evolutionary perspective
Herbivory on willows : abiotic constraints and trophic interactions
Phylogeny and generic classification of the subfamily Lycoperdininae with a re-analysis of the family Endomychidae (Coleoptera: Cucujoidea)
Animal diversity
Biology of invertebrata
Spores. Ferns : Microscopic illusions analyzed. Vol. 2, Varied plant groups introduce true ferns through spore tetrad structure
The evolutionary relevance of vegetative long-shoot/short-shoot differentiation in gymnospermous tree species
Form and function in developmental evolution
Morphology, phylogenetic taxonomy, and systematics of Ichthyornis and Apatornis (Avialae, Ornithurae)
Morphological variation of Peridermium pini and Cronartium flaccidum aeciospores
Seasonal feeding strategies of subarctic zooplankton
Morphonology : the dynamics of derivation
Proceedings of the third International Theriological Congress, Helsinki 15-20 August 1982. 2, Phylogeny and speciation. Taxonomy and zoogeography. Morphology. Museum collections
Phylogenetic analysis of morphological data
The morphological features of the finnish peatlands
La estructura de la morfología dental de los mamíferos durante la ontogenia y filogenia = The framework of mammal dental morphology in ontogeny and phylogeny
Pollen morphology and plant taxonomy : Angiosperms
On Welwitschia, a new genus of Gnetaceae
Inflectional paradigms : content and form at the syntax-morphology interface
The compound eye of Lepidoptera : approach from organic evolution
Shorelines and isostasy
Nature's patterns : a tapestry in three parts. [Branches]
Primate functional morphology and evolution
Morphologic encyclopedia of palynology : an international collection of definitions and illustrations of spores and pollen
Birds : their structure and function
Hillslope materials and processes
The shell in Vampyropoda (Cephalopoda) : morphology, functional role and evolution = Rakovina Vampyropoda (Cephalopoda) : morfologiâ, funkcionalʼnaâ rolʼ i èvolûciâ
The Lepidoptera : form, function and diversity
Coleoptera, beetles. Vol. 3, Morphology and systematics (Phytophaga)
Word frequency and morphological processing in finnish revisited
Cancer in Finland 2008 and 2009 : cancer statistics of the National Institute for Health and Welfare (THL)
This collection of articles is a selection of some of the papers that were presented at the conference Theoretical Issues in Sign Language Research 8 (TISLR 8), which took place at the University of Barcelona between September 30th and October 2nd, 2004. TISLR is the most important international conference on sign language research and it constitutes a good overview of the current state of the field. First, because of the high standards held for the selection of papers, and second, because despite the linguistic focus, it incorporates work on sign in related fields such as neurolinguistics or psycholinguistics. The thematic blocks of the book deal with phonetics and phonology of sign, topics related to intonation, different aspects of morphology, syntax, semantics of sign languages, different aspects of sign language acquisition and two chapters are devoted to the analysis of what is commonly referred to as role shift.
Embryological and morphological studies on the mid-brain and cerebellum of vertebrates
Geomorphological mapping : methods and applications
Elachistine moths of Australia (Lepidoptera: Gelechioidea: Elachistidae)
Functional morphology of the invertebrate skeleton
Geometry in nature : exploring the morphology of the natural world through projective geometry
Provides a valuable guide to existing approaches in morphological analysis. Analyzing three descriptive challenges for morphology (Scottish Gaelic nouns, Georgian verbs, and Sanskrit compound verbs), and comparing and contrasting the backgrounds and fundamentals of leading approaches to word structure and lexical relationships, this book explores the way each framework proceeds from its author's basic assumptions, revealing how they can either complement or compete with other approaches.
Slope tectonics
Monograph of the Spathidiida (Ciliophora, Haptoria)
Biology of the Reptilia. Vol. 1, Morphology A
Phylogenetic relationships of mormoopid bats (Chiroptera: Mormoopidae) based on morphological data
Mechanisms of morphological evolution : a combined genetic, developmental and ecological approach
By integrating novel developments in both contact linguistics and morphological theory, this volume pursues the topic of borrowed morphology by recourse to sophisticated theoretical and methodological accounts. The authors address fundamental issues, such as the alleged universal dispreference for morphological borrowing and its effects on morphosyntactic complexity, and corroborate their analyses with strong cross-linguistic evidence.
Nordic and Baltic morphology : papers from A NorFA Course, Tartu, June 2000
Male dimorphism in Leiodid beetle Agathidium discoideum (Coleoptera: Leiodidae)
Forage legumes for temperate grasslands
The Arthropoda : habits, functional morphology, and evolution
The species of Perla (Plecoptera: Perlidae) : evidence from egg morphology
Designing and implementing a robot gripper using additive manufacturing
Thesaurus of sponge morphology
The supporting roots of trees and woody plants : form, function and physiology
Significance of developmental structures in lichens, especially in the genus Cladonia
Fantasia in geomorphology
The ants of Poland : with reference to the myrmecofauna of Europe
The glass frog tadpoles of Costa Rica (Anura: Centrolenidae) : a study of morphology
On the morphology of blood and bone-marrow in thyrotoxicosis : inaugural dissertation
Morphometric differentiation in Papaver radicatum (Papaveraceae) : geographic pattern and significance for refugial survival theory
Polymorphic treatments
Locally periodic infinite words and a chaotic behaviour
Typification and interpretation of Ramalina arabum
Infrageneric classification and revision of the Oriental species of the genus Brachypalpoides Hippa (Diptera, Syrphidae) ; Recharacterization of Chalcosyrphus (Syrittoxylota) Hippa (Diptera, Syrphidae) and revision of the species ; Morphology and taxonomy of the Malagasy genus Vadonimyia Séguy (Diptera, Syrphidae)
Defining morphology : a principled approach to determining the boundaries of compounding, derivation and inflection
Marine mammals : evolutionary biology
The Crustacea. Vol. 1
Developments in woodpecker biology
Plant pheno-morphological studies in Mediterranean type ecosystems
A comparative study of functional morphology of the male reproductive systems in the Astacidea with emphasis on the freshwater crayfishes (Crustacea: Decapoda)
Thrombosis and hemorrhage
Morphology and development of the postcranial skeleton in the channel catfish Ictalurus punctatus (Ostariophysi: Siluriformes)
Invertebrates
Shell morphology of the unionid mussels (Anodonta anatina, Unio pictorum and U. tumidus) in relation to gender and trematode parasitism
Caryophyllales : new insights into the phylogeny, systematics and morphological evolution of the order ; proceedings of symposium ; Moscow M.V. Lomonosov State University 24th - 27th September 2012
Flower and fruit : morphology, ontogeny, phylogeny, function and ecology
Morphogenesis of mammalian endoplasmic reticulum and golgi apparatus throughout the cell cycle
The application of comparative morphology in the identification of intestinal parasites : [in full color]
Sargonic Akkadian : a historical and comparative study of the syllabic texts
A review of genetic studies of some important traits in the genera Acer, Fagus, Fraxinus, Prunus, Quercus and Ulmus
Evolution and ecological aspects of parthenogenetic and sexual bagworm moths (Lepidoptera: Psychidae: Naryciinae)
Nature's patterns : a tapestry in three parts. [Shapes]
Lecture notes on the geography, formation, properties and use of the major soils of the world
Walking upright : results of the 13th International Senckenberg Conference at the Werner Reimers Foundation, Bad Homburg v. d. H., and at the Senckenberg Research Institute, Frankfurt am Main October 5-9, 1999
Morphological variation of the unionidae mussel Anodonta anatina
Modern morphometrics in physical anthropology
A morphological perspective on the phylogenetic relationships of the extant phocid seals : Mammalia: Carnivora: Phocidae
The Biology and external morphology of bees
An introduction to a Scandinavian pollen flora
Process and landform : conceptual frameworks in geography
Taxonomy and phylogeny of the 'manna lichens' and allied species (Megasporaceae)
A concise introduction to linguistics
Interactions between morphological and physiological drought responses in Eucalyptus microtheca
Combining geodiversity with climate and topography to account for threatened species richness
The armoured marine tardigrades : (Arthrotardigrada, Tardigrada)
Advances in hillslope processes
Structural growth in mountain birch, Betula pubescens ssp. czerepanovii
Research in glacial, glacio-fluvial, and glacio-lacustrine systems : proceedings of the 6th Guelph Symposium on Geomorphology, 1980
Hemipenal morphology of the South American xenodontine snakes, with a proposal for a monophyletic Xenodontinae and a reappraisal of colubroid hemipenes
Systematic revision of the family Scirtidae of Japan, with phylogeny, morphology and bionomics (Insecta: Coleoptera, Scirtoidea)
Papillar morphology of the rumen of forest reindeer (Rangifer tarandus fennicus) and semidomesticated reindeer (Rangifer t. tarandus)
Effect of additives, precursors and process conditions on particle morphology
Introduction to geomorphology
The volume ends with a chapter devoted to a topic in applied linguistics: lexicography. For several articles video-examples are provided on the accompanying CD-ROM. This is just a relatively small portion of all the papers presented at TISLR 8, but it gives a representative sample of the research carried out in the field of sign linguistics. A field with an open horizon ahead! It was the second time that TISLR was organized outside North America and it attracted a very significant number of participants from all over the globe (almost 380). The book offers a representative sample of all those selected papers and it includes two of the invited lectures. All the articles submitted for this volume went through a specific anonymous peer reviewing procedure and the result of that is the collection presented here. The whole allows us to get a fair impression of a field that keeps expanding and becoming more and more prominent within linguistic research in general.
Laboratory anatomy of the white rat
Semitic and Indo-European. 2, Comparative morphology, syntax and phonetics
