http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1529 plant stand
plant stand
The effect of competition on winter rape (Bassica napus L.) development : evaluation of a field experiment by ANOVA and principal component analysis
Remote sensing of wheat and barley in a field plot experiment with different levels of nitrogen fertilization and irrigation
The antifoulant medetomidine : sublethal effects and bioaccumulation in marine organisms
Periphytic algal communities in some rivers of the northern coast of Lake Ladoga
Experiments on hand-held radiometry and IR-thermography of winter wheat in field plot experiments
The time table of vegetative spreading of the Lily-of-the-valley (Convallaria majalis L.) and the Wood small-reed (Calamagrostis epigeios (L.) Roth) in southern Finland
Epiphyton of Lake Ladoga in summer 2000.
Transpiration and water budgets of European beech (Fagus sylvatica L.) dominated stands in relation to canopy structure
Simulation model for transpiration, evaporation and growth of plant communities : SPAC-GROWTH model description
Root Growth Conditions in Greenwall : Test Method Development and Experiment Conduction
Plant growth regulators to manipulate oat stands
Plant canopies: their growth, form and function
Stomatal conductance of birch leaves : plenty of variation in the variable which determines the ozone dose
Estimation of leaf area index and the fraction of absorbed photosynthetically active radiation in a boreal forest
Growth models for young stands : development and evaluation of growth models for commercial forests in Sweden
Physical properties of a boreal clay soil under differently managed perennial vegetation : doctoral dissertation
Competition in stands of short-lived plants : density effects measured in three-component stands
IR-thermography of canopy temperatures of wheat and barley at different nitrogen fertilization and irrigation : Hans-Eric Nilsson and Harry Linnér
The time table of vegetative spreading in oak fern (Carpogymnia dryopteris (L.) Löve & Löve) and may-lily (Maianthemum bifolium (L.) F. W. Schmidt) in southern Finland
Read up on reed!
In order to establish profitable saffron (Crocus sativus L.) crops in the Mediterranean countries, information on cultural management factors such as the lifespan and the optimal plant density is needed. Two experiments were conducted, one for four consecutive years 2003-2006 (Experiment 1) and another in 2004 (Experiment 2) at the experimental station of ARSIAL located in Alvito (Frosinone), central Italy, to investigate the effect of the age of saffron fields (one, two, three or four years) and the influence of plant density [three low density (P1 76, P2 91 and P3 93 corms m²), three medium density (P4 111, P5 114 and P6 119 corms m) and three high density (P7 139, P8 143 and P9 179 corms m²)] on the productivity of saffron under open-field conditions. The saffron grew, flowered and produced successfully when the two-year crop cycle was adopted, whereas in the three-year treatment the spice yield was lower and declined drastically after four years. Yields of saffron recorded in the current experiment were 7.2, 15.2, 11.3 and 3.3 kg ha for the one-, two-, three- and four-year cycle treatments, respectively. The number of flowers per square metre observed in the two- and three-year treatments (avg. 370) was significantly higher by 112% and 174% in comparison with the number of flowers recorded in the annual and four-year treatments, respectively. The highest dry spice was observed in the two medium (P4 and P6) and the three high density treatments (P7, P8 and P9), followed by the P5 treatment, while the lowest dry spice was recorded in the low density treatments (P1, P2 and especially P3). The number of flowers per square metre observed in the high density treatments (avg. 218) was significantly higher by 10% and 28% in comparison with the number of flowers recorded in the medium and low density, respectively. Unless corms can be purchased at markedly lower prices, farmers are recommended to plant corms at medium density due to the similar spice yield and the highest daughter corms produced in comparison with high density treatments. The results show that in a Mediterranean environment appropriate crop techniques (e.g. lifespan and plant density) can improve the quantitative characteristics of saffron.
Yield advantage and competition in intercropped oats (Avena sativa L.) and faba bean (Vicia faba L.) : application of the hyperbolic yield-density model
Timing incorporation of different green manure crops to minimize the risk of nitrogen leaching
Seed viability and vigour play important roles in seedling emergence, plant stand establishment and yield potential. The majority of cereal fields in Finland are typically sown with farm saved seed (FSS). If the quality of the seed is not known, there can be insidious yield reduction. This research was conducted to study the effects of seed quality on seedling emergence rate, seedling number and yielding capacity. The study comprised three-year field experiments conducted during 2007-2009, established at three sites: Jokioinen, Nousiainen and Ylistaro. Spring barley cultivars Saana (2007) and Annabell (2008-2009) were sown at rate of 500 germinating seeds m-2. Five seed lots were included as treatments: farm saved seed (FSS); downgraded seed <2.5 mm (FSS<2.5 mm); upgraded seed >2.7 mm (FSS>2.7 mm); upgraded seed >2.7 mm with disinfection (FSS>2.7 mm + dis); and commercial certified seed with disinfection (CCS). Up- and down-graded seed lots (FSS<2.5 mm, FSS>2.7 mm, and FSS>2.7 mm + dis) all originated from the FSS. Seedling emergence rate was measured from the time when coleoptiles started to break through the soil surface. The number of seedlings (3 × 1 m row per plot) was recorded at five-day intervals four times from the same rows. Plots were harvested at physiological maturity and grain yield (kg ha-1), hectolitre weight (HLW, kg) single grain weight (SGW, mg) and grain protein content (%) were recorded. Seed lots of CCS and FSS>2.7 mm + dis enhanced seedling emergence rate and increased the number of plants compared with other treatments. These two seed lots also produced the highest grain yield and had the lowest grain protein. Seed quality had an apparent effect on plant stand establishment and grain yield. A seed lot effect was evident despite identical targeted sowing rates that took into account germination rate and seed weight. Therefore, differences in seedling emergence and yielding capacity were likely outcomes of variation in seed vigour among the five treatments.
Effect of mist, irrigation and plant density levels on rutin content of common buckwheat (Fagopyrum esculentum Moench.)
Proceedings of an International Symposium on Windbreak Technology : Lincoln, Nebraska, June 23-27, 1986
The ecology of temperate cereal fields
Low molecular mass phenolics in foliage of Betula pubescens Ehrh. in relation to aerial pollution
Perspectives on plant competition
Regulation of flowering and canopy structure in timothy (Phleum pratense L.)
Threshold periods of weed competition in common bean (Phaseolus vulgaris L.)
Rapid decline of mass occurrences of Juncus bulbosus in a deacidified freshwater reservoir
To determine the effects of some environmental factors on rutin content of common buckwheat, an experiment was conducted in split-split-plot, based on RCBD design with three replications. The relative humidity (mist and non-mist treatments), irrigation (20 and 40 mm/m² treatments) and plant density (33.3 and 100 plants/m² series) were performed. Results showed that the rutin content was significantly affected by single and interaction effects of the factors studied at the 0.01 level of probability, so that, in the case of rutin content, mist and irrigation of 20 mm/m² and 100 plant/m² treatments showed high concentration. The greatest content of rutin was obtained from treatments comprising non-mist, 20 mm/m² water irrigation and 100 plants/m².
Periphyton of tributaries of Lake Ladoga
Vegetation dynamics : a synthesis of plant ecophysiology, remote sensing and modelling
Short-term plant-decomposer feedbacks in grassland plants
Growth and competition in plant stands
Evaluation of saffron (Crocus sativus L.) production in Italy : effects of the age of saffron fields and plant density
Role of allochthonous and autochthonous dissolved organic matter (DOM) as a carbon source for bacterioplankton in boreal humic lakes
Seed quality effects on seedling emergence, plant stand establishment and grain yield in two-row barley
