http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15247 vector analysis
vector analysis
Introduction to vector analysis
Vector analysis for computer graphics
Multivariable calculus, linear algebra, and differential equations
Dynamics of linear operators
Theory and problems of vector analysis and an introduction to tensor analysis
Mathematical methods for physicists
Vector mechanics for engineers : statics
Vector mechanics for engineers.. Statics
Engineering electromagnetics
A vector model for perceived object rotation and translation in space
Tensor analysis on manifolds
Vector analysis for engineers and scientists
700 solved problems in vector mechanics for engineers. Volume 2, Dynamics
Advanced engineering mathematics : a new edition of further engineering mathematics
Abstract.
Applied vector analysis
Vector mechanics for engineers : statics and dynamics
Problems supplement to accompany Vector mechanics for engineers : statics
Vector Calculus : measuring in two and three dimensions
A history of vector analysis : the evolution of the idea of a vectorial system
A course in vector analysis
Vector control and dynamics of AC drives
Dynamical systems with applications using Mathematica
Vector mechanics for engineers : statistics and dynamics
"Functional analysis studies the algebraic, geometric, and topological structures of spaces and operators that underlie many classical problems. Individual functions satisfying specific equations are replaced by classes of functions and transforms that are determined by the particular problems at hand. This book presents the basic facts of linear functional analysis as related to fundamental aspects of mathematical analysis and their applications. The exposition avoids unnecessary terminology and generality and focuses on showing how the knowledge of these structures clarifies what is essential in analytic problems. The material in the first part of the book can be used for an introductory course on functional analysis, with an emphasis on the role of duality. The second part introduces distributions and Sobolev spaces and their applications. Convolution and the Fourier transform are shown to be useful tools for the study of partial differential equations. Fundamental solutions and Green's functions are considered and the theory is illustrated with several applications. In the last chapters, the Gelfand transform for Banach algebras is used to present the spectral theory of bounded and unbounded operators, which is then used in an introduction to the basic axioms of quantum mechanics. The presentation is intended to be accessible to readers whose backgrounds include basic linear algebra, integration theory, and general topology. Almost 240 exercises will help the reader in better understanding the concepts employed."--Publisher's description
Vector mechanics for engineers. Statics (SI Units)
Student solutions manual to accompany [for] CALCULUS
Vector Lyapunov functions and stability analysis of nonlinear systems
Oscillation matrices and kernels and small vibrations of mechanical systems
Perturbation theory for linear operators
Vector-valued Laplace transforms and Cauchy problems
Applied functional analysis
Vector calculus and differential equations
Vector mechnics for engineers : Statics
Vector quantization by lazy pairwise nearest neighbor method
Field and wave electromagnetics
Engineering mathematics : a modern foundation for electronics, electrical and system engineers
Linear functional analysis
Schaum's outline of theory and problems of vector analysis and an introduction to tensor analysis
Fundamentals of applied electromagnetics
Calculus : early transcendentals
Vector analysis
Some advances in mathematical models for preference relations
Mathematical methods for engineers and scientists. 2 : vector analysis, ordinary differential equations and Laplace transforms
Vector analysis : and an introduction to tensor analysis
An introduction to multivariable analysis : from vector to manifold
A course in linear algebra with applications
Electromagnetic theory
Instructor's and solutions manual to accompany Vector mechanics for engineers - dynamics, seventh edition. Vol. 1
Div, grad, curl, and all that : an informal text on vector calculus
A student's guide to vectors and tensors
Functions of one complex variable II
Introduction to electrodynamics
A comparison of bounds for the Perron eigenvalue and eigenvector
The geometry of multivariate statistics
Self-organizing maps
Generalized vectorization, cross-products, and matrix calculus
Schaum's outline of theory and problems of electromagnetics
Advanced calculus : an introduction to analysis
Vectors, tensors, and the basic equations of fluid mechanics
Multivariable mathematics
Calculus : one and several variables
Advanced engineering mathematics
Complex vectors and dyadics for electromagnetists
Guide to essential math : a review for physics, chemistry and engineering students
Vector mechanics for engineers : dynamics
