http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15286 political history
political history
Splendour, misery, and possibilities : an X-ray of socialist Yugoslavia
When broken glass floats : growing up under the Khmer rouge
The democratic experience : a short American history
Nigeria: dilemma of nationhood : an African analysis of the Biafran conflict
Nigerian politics
The noodle maker of Kalimpong : the untold story of my struggle for Tibet
Finnish yearbook of political thought. 2003, vol. 7.
The Royal Prerogative redefined : parliamentary debate on the role of the British Parliament in large-scale military deployments, 1982-2003
Once upon a time in Russia : the rise of the oligarchs and the greatest wealth in history
All in one lifetime
The age of transition : Britain in the nineteenth and twentieth centuries
The battle backwards : a comparative study of the battle of Kosovo Polje (1389) and the Munich agreement (1938) as political myths
The determinants of the revolutionary disintegration of the state in Iran
"In and out" : segmentary gang politics in Los Angeles
Britain and the world : an outline of reconstruction problems
Political thought in England : the utilitarians from Bentham to J. S. Mill
Finnish yearbook of political thought. 2000, vol. 4.
When the doves disappeared : a novel
Masters of the universe : Hayek, Friedman, and the birth of neoliberal politics
Multitude in motion : re-readings on the political philosophy of Thomas Hobbes
India and Pakistan : a political analysis
Political thought in England from Locke to Bentham
The hidden crisis in American politics
The rise and fall of the second empire, 1852-1871
The Middle East and the West
Cold war perceptions : Romania's policy change towards the Soviet Union, 1960-1964
The longest war : Northern Ireland and the IRA
The Northern Ireland conflict : towards a more comprehensive understanding of its roots and continuance
Women in political theory
A history of women's political thought in Europe, 1400-1700
Finnish yearbook of political thought. 1997.
Constitutional theory
Abstract in english.
Summary.
An introduction to Chinese politics
Belarus : through the ages to the future
"The second volume of the bestselling landmark work on the history of the modern state  Writing in The Wall Street Journal, David Gress called Francis Fukuyama's Origins of Political Order "magisterial in its learning and admirably immodest in its ambition." In The New York Times Book Review, Michael Lind described the book as "a major achievement by one of the leading public intellectuals of our time." And in The Washington Post, Gerard DeGrott exclaimed "this is a book that will be remembered. Bring on volume two."   Volume two is finally here, completing the most important work of political thought in at least a generation. Taking up the essential question of how societies develop strong, impersonal, and accountable political institutions, Fukuyama follows the story from the French Revolution to the so-called Arab Spring and the deep dysfunctions of contemporary American politics. He examines the effects of corruption on governance, and why some societies have been successful at rooting it out. He explores the different legacies of colonialism in Latin America, Africa, and Asia, and offers a clear-eyed account of why some regions have thrived and developed more quickly than others. And he boldly reckons with the future of democracy in the face of a rising global middle class and entrenched political paralysis in the West.  A sweeping, masterful account of the struggle to create a well-functioning modern state, Political Order and Political Decay is destined to be a classic"--
Jordan : a political study, 1948-1957
Liberia : the evolution of privilege
Ethiopia : a new political history
"A dream of liberty" : Constance Markievicz's vision of Ireland, 1908-1927
The Ukraine : a history
The making of Tanganyika
Bloodlands : Europe between Hitler and Stalin
Italy in the Giolittian era : Italian democracy in the making, 1900-1914
"I will set his hand on the sea, and his right hand on the river" : North West Semitic Kingship and the sea of combat myth : a survey of Hebrew poetry in light of ancient Near Eastern evidence
The transfer of power in India, 1945-7
Finland's treaties for the peaceful settlement of international disputes
The political awakening in the Middle East
Azerbaijan : a political history
Cuba : a history
Macedonia and the Macedonian question : a brief survey
Greek political thought
Open letters : selected writings 1965-1990
The presence of the past in politics : "1956" after 1956 in Hungary
Political grouping in the Czechoslovak reform movement
Resistance and revolution in China : the Communists and the second united front
Suomen eduskunnan historia = Finlands riksdags historia = History of the Finnish Parliament
Alexander Hamilton
Prelude to Civil War : the nullification controversy in South Carolina, 1816-1836
Nigerian government and politics
The New Deal in action
The viceroyalty of Lord Ripon 1880-1884
The emergence of the Romanian national state
The age of reform : from Bryan to F.D.R
Adaptation to world trends : a rereading of the May Fourth Movement radicalization
Austria : fin de siècle - first republic 1880-1938
Debating right to asylum : a conceptual and rhetorical reading of the German post-war deliberations
Constructing national security : U.S. relations with India and China
White Trash : The 400-Year Untold History of Class in America
Western Europe since 1945 : a short political history
Påskekrisen 1920 = The easter crisis 1920
Territory, authority, rights : from medieval to global assemblages
Egypt from Nasser to Mubarak : a flawed revolution
The enlightenment idea of history as a legitimation tool of Kemalism in Turkey
Rulers and subjects : government and people in Russia, 1801-1991
Draft peace treaty with Finland : prepared by the Council of foreign ministers for consideration by the Peace conference of twentyone nations meeting in Paris on the 29th July, 1946.
Canton under communism : programs and politics in a provincial capital, 1949-1968
Yugoslavia and the nonaligned world
Reform and insurrection in Russian Poland, 1856-1865
In search of suitable political leadership : Japanese conservatives in occupation plans and policies 1942–1947
Anglo-Scottish relations, from 1603 to 1900
This wide-ranging history of ancient Greek political thought shows what ancient political texts might mean to citizens of the twenty-first century. It examines an array of poetic, historical, and philosophical texts in an effort to locate Greek political thought in its cultural context; and, pays careful attention to the distinctively ancient connections between politics and ethics. The book is structured around key themes such as the origins of political thought, political self-definition, revolutions in political thought, democracy and imperialism.
Engendering the global agenda : the story of women and the United Nations
Political order and political decay : from the industrial revolution to the globalization of democracy
Iron curtain : the crushing of Eastern Europe, 1945-1956
Uncertain India : a political profile of two decades of freedom
The Middle East in the American quest for world order : ideas of power, economics, and social development in United States foreign policy, 1953-1961
The emergence of modern Afghanistan : politics of reform and modernization, 1880-1946
A continent decides : introducing two new members in the great and diverse family of the Commonwealth, and some of the problems which they offer for our understanding and solution
A people's history of sports in the United States : 250 years of politics, protest, people, and play
A political history of Uganda
Rhodesia : the road to rebellion
War and peace, 1680-1720 : an inaugural lecture delivered on 1 May, 1969
Franklin and Winston : an intimate portrait of an epic friendship
Power in the Kremlin : from Khrushchev to Kosygin
Assessing the European Union science diplomacy towards India 2009-2013 : from an experimental pilot initiative into a political dialogue
UPA v svitli nimec'kyh dokumentiv : z anglijs'kymy j ukrajins'kymy rezjume = the UPA in light of German documents. 2, červen' 1944 - kviten' 1945
Uruguay's new path : a study in politics during the first colegiado, 1919-33 : Göran G. Dindahl
The political transformation of Tanganyika 1920-67
Terror was central to the Nazi regime, and the Nazi concentration camps were places of horror where prisoners were dehumanized and robbed of their dignity and where millions were murdered. How did prisoners cope with the brutal and degrading conditions of life within the camps? In this highly original book Maja Suderland takes the reader inside the concentration camps and examines the everyday social life of prisoners - their daily activities and routines, the social relationships and networks they created and the strategies they developed to cope with the harsh conditions and the brutality of the guards. Without overlooking the violence of the camps, the contradictions of camp life or the elusive complexity of the multicultural prisoner society, Suderland explores the hidden social practices that enabled prisoners to preserve their human dignity and create a sense of individuality and community despite the appalling circumstances. This remarkable account of social life in extreme conditions will be of great interest to students and scholars in history, sociology and the social sciences generally, as well as to a wider readership interested in the Holocaust and the concentration camps.
The Middle East : U.S. policy, Israel, oil and the Arabs
South Africa 1906-1961 : the price of magnanimity
Zambia, independence and beyond : the speeches of Kenneth Kaunda ; edited and with an introduction by Colin Legum
Modern history of Korea
The changing Middle East
A history of political theories. [2], From Luther to Montesquieu
The twentieth century : a mid-way account of the Western World
History of Latvia : the 20th century
The common people 1746-1946
Abstract: Schisms in politics or political parties?.
Ballot box and bayonet : people and government in emergent Asian countries
Land, power and technology : essays on political economy and historical development
The Soviet Union : a half-century of communism
Democracy's duty : the history of political debates on compulsory voting
Abstract: "Parlamentarism" as the incarnation of "partiality".
Democracy by decree : prospects and limits of imposed consociational democracy in Bosnia and Herzegovina
"Genoa has an incredible story to tell. It rose from an obscurity imposed by its harsh geography to become a merchant-pirate superpower that helped create the medieval world. It fought bitter battles with its great rival Venice and imprisoned Marco Polo, as the feuding city-states connected Europe to the glories of the East. It introduced the Black Death to Europe, led the fight against the Barbary Corsairs, bankrolled Imperial Spain, and gave the world Christopher Columbus and a host of fearless explorers. Genoa and Liguria provided the brains and the heroism behind the Risorgimento, and was the last place emigrants saw before building new lives across the Atlantic. It played host to writers and Grand Tourists, gave football to the Italians, and helped build modern Italy. Today, along with the glorious Riviera coast of Liguria, Genoa provides some of the finest places on earth to sip wine, eat pesto and enjoy spectacular views. This book brings the past to life and paints a portrait of a modern port city and region that is only now coming to terms with a past that is as bloody, fascinating and influential as any in Europe."--Publisher description.
The fascist effect : Japan and Italy, 1915-1952
The genius of American politics
China since 1919 : revolution and reform : a sourcebook
Dragons, tigers, and dogs : Qing crisis management and the boundaries of state power in late imperial China
Stalin and Europe : imitation and domination, 1928-1953
Finnish yearbook of political thought. 2001, vol. 5.
Finnish yearbook of political thought. 1999, vol. 3.
The evolution of Russia
When the state falls : studies on intervention in the Sierra Leone civil war
The making of India : a political history
Great issues in American history : a documentary record. 2, 1864-1957
Political thought in England 1848 to 1914
Fifty major political thinkers
State composers and the red courtiers : music, ideology, and politics in the Soviet 1930s
On Macedonian matters - from the partition and annexation of Macedonia in 1913 to the present : a collection of essays on languge, culture and history
What actually happened in Estonian political history : stories of the 20th century events from the viewpoint of popular narrated history
Redescriptions : yearbook of political thought, conceptual history and feminist theory. 2012/2013, vol. 16
The Indian struggle, 1920-1942
Finnish yearbook of political thought. 1998, vol. 2.
English constitutional conflicts of the seventeenth century 1603-1689
Turkey faces west : a Turkish view of recent changes and their origin
The Republic of Austria, 1918-1934 : a study in the failure of democratic government
Finland : the Kekkonen years
Finland and the United States, 1917-1919 : early years of mutual relations
Abstract.
The new Tsar : the rise and reign of Vladimir Putin
Changing Russia? : history, culture and business
Rhetoric and public speech in English republicanism 1642-1681
Oil and revolution in Mexico
Inside concentration camps : social life at the extremes
Exiles and constituents : Baltic refugees and American Cold War politics, 1948 - 1960
Justice interrupted : the struggle for constitutional government in the Middle East
UPA v svitli nimec'kyh dokumentiv : z anglijs'kymy j ukrajins'kymy rezjume = the UPA in light of German documents. 1, 1942 - červen' 1944
The role of presidential advisory systems in US foreign policy-making : the case of the National Security Council and Vietnam, 1953-1961
Pakistan : eye of the storm
Redescriptions : yearbook of political thought and conceptual history. 2004, vol. 8
Australia since federation : a narrative and critical analysis
The winds of revolution : Latin America today - and tomorrow
The Republic in peril: 1812
The American political tradition : and the men who made it
Genoa, 'La Superba' : the rise and fall of a merchant pirate superpower
The Polish People's Republic
Imagining Europe, imagining the nation : Estonian discussion on European unification, 1923-1957
Edward T. Cardwell, Peelite
A history of Eastern Europe : crisis and change
Political thought in England from Bacon to Halifax
February 1948 and today
Overcoming the old borders : beyond the paradigm of Slovak national history
Killing Kennedy : the end of Camelot
India and Pakistan : a continent decides
Italy after fascism : a political history 1943-1965
The making of modern Africa. 1, The nineteenth century to the partition
Making Uzbekistan : nation, empire, and revolution in the early USSR
Abstract: "Patriotism" as a political concept in Sweden in the 1860s.
Perspectives on the Taiwan issue
Democracy in America
Political Economy of Bronze- and Iron Age Societies in the Eastern Coast of the Bothnian Bay ca. 1500 BC-AD 1300
Representation, nation and time : the political rhetoric of the 1866 parliamentary reform in Sweden
France, troubled ally : De Gaulle's heritage and prospects
Towards struggle : selected manifestoes, speeches & writings
Politics in Brazil, 1930-1964 : an experiment in democracy
War and peace in Europe 1815-1870 and other essays
