http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15202 psychology of learning
psychology of learning
Learning emotions : the influence of affective factors on classroom learning
Adult learning
Learning theories : an educational perspective
Teacher teams that get results : 61 strategies for sustaining and renewing professional learning communities
Towards a phenomenography of learning. 3, Experience and conceptualisation
Psychology in the classroom : reconstructing teachers and learners
Programmed to learn : an essay on the evolution of culture
Psychology of learning for instruction
The Wiley Handbook on the Cognitive Neuroscience of Learning charts the evolution of associative analysis and the neuroscientific study of behavior as parallel approaches to understanding how the brain learns that both challenge and inform each other. Covers a broad range of topics while maintaining an overarching integrative approach. Includes contributions from leading authorities in the fields of cognitive neuroscience, associative learning, and behavioral psychology. Extends beyond the psychological study of learning to incorporate coverage of the latest developments in neuroscientific research.
Fantasy and feeling in education
How we learn : learning and non-learning in school and beyond
Analysis of structural learning
Handbook of individual differences, learning, and instruction
Spatial learning strategies : techniques, applications, and related issues
Towards a phenomenography of learning. 2, A relational view of study skill
LSI : learning style inventory : technical manual
We think primarily in images, and only secondarily in words, while both the image and the word are preceded by the bodily, the visceral, the muscular. This holds even for mathematical thinking. This book deals with this topic.
Learning and activation
MapWise : accelerated learning through visible thinking
Process education : the new direction for elementary-secondary schools
Cognition and instruction
Lessons from the art of juggling : how to achieve your full potential in business, learning, and life
"This book examines qualities of resistance to new and uncomfortable information and proposes methods for working productively with such resistance. Research in neuroscience, education, sociology, political science, and the humanities has contributed to a revisionary understanding of how emotion grounds human reason, interaction, and communication. Colleges and Universities produce and distribute information but do very little to ensure that information is effectively assimilated and employed as solutions to real problems. This book outlines an agenda that makes emotional experience central to educational practice"--
How to learn anything quickly : an accelerated program for rapid learning
Natural learning for a connected world : education, technology, and the human brain
Endangered minds : why our children don't think
Learning motivation and activity contexts
"From an award-winning neuroscience researcher with twenty years of teaching experience, Multiple Pathways to the Student Brain uses educator-friendly language to explain how the brain learns. Steering clear of "neuro-myths," Dr. Janet Zadina discusses multiple brain pathways for learning and provides practical advice for creating a brain-compatible classroom. While there are an abundance of books and workshops that aim to integrate education and brain science, educators are seldom given concrete, actionable advice that makes a difference in the classroom. Multiple Pathways to the Student Brain bridges that divide by providing examples of strategies for day-to-day instruction aligned with the latest brain science. The book explains not only the sensory/motor pathways that are familiar to most educators (visual, auditory, and kinesthetic), it also explores the lesser known pathways--reward/survival, language, social, emotional, frontal lobe, and memory/attention--and how they can be tapped to energize and enhance instruction. Educators are forever searching for new and improved ways to convey information and inspire curiosity, and research suggests that exploiting different pathways may have a major effect on learning. Multiple Pathways to the Student Brain allows readers to see brain science through the eyes of a teacher--and teaching through the eyes of a brain scientist"--
Learning
Social and emotional learning (SEL) is a dominant orthodoxy in education systems around the world. To many it is a panacea; to others it is a waste of time and resources. This important new book provides the first in-depth, authoritative and balanced examination of the critical issues pervading the field. An extensive and thorough review of the international research literature has enabled each substantive aspect of SEL to be examined through a critical lens. The book investigates key topics such as: definitions and conceptualization -- origins and influences -- international policy and practice -- assessment and monitoring -- implementation -- outcomes. The book highlights key strengths and significant flaws in SEL theory and research, and sets the agenda for the next generation of inquiry in the field.
Reflection : turning experience into learning
Creative play for 2-5s
Necessary conditions of learning
Learning theory and behavior
When teaching becomes learning : a theory and practice of teaching
The process of learning
The power of the image : emotion, expression, explanation
Educational psychology
Learning : a survey of psychological interpretations
Intelligence, learning and action : a foundation for theory and practice in education
Cognitive science : contributions to educational practice
Language in teaching and learning
Student learning : research in education and cognitive psychology
Professional learning in higher education and communities : towards a new vision for action research
Learning : principles and applications
Learning and memory : an integrated approach
Schools, society and mastery learning
Designing brain-compatible learning
Positive psychology in SLA
The science of learning
Algorithmization in learning and instruction
Transfer on trial : intelligence, cognition, and instruction
Were you looking for the book with access to MyEducationLab? This product is the book alone, and does NOT come with access to MyEducationLab. Buy the book and access card package to save money on this resource. The 12th Edition of Educational Psychology maintains the lucid, jargon-free writing style for which the author is renowned, combined with a clear emphasis on educational psychology's practical relevance for teachers and students in classrooms. Written to look at teaching from the student's perspective and how students learn and retain information, the new edition continues to emphasize the educational implications and applications of research on child development, cognitive science, learning, motivation, teaching, assessment. It adds expanded coverage of the brain and neuroscience, the impact of technology, student diversity, as well as a new chapter devoted to Language Development, Language Diversity, and Immigrant Education (Ch 5). This text, known for its state of the art presentation of the field of educational psychology, is exceptionally applied and replete with examples, lesson segments, case studies, and practical ideas from experienced teachers.
Theories of learning
Tutorials in learning and memory : essays in honor of Gordon Bower
The A level mindset : 40 activities for transforming student commitment, motivation and productivity
On organizational learning
Psychology of learning : systems, models, and theories
Psychology and adult learning
This volume offers a historical and critical analysis of the emerging field of the learning sciences, which takes an interdisciplinary approach to understanding and improving how children and adults learn. It features a wide range of authors, including established scholars who founded and guided the learning sciences through the initial turbulence of forming a new line of academic inquiry, as well as newcomers who are continuing to shape the field. This diversity allows for a broad yet selective perspective on what the learning sciences is, why it came to be, and how contributors conduct their work. Reflections on the Learning Sciences serves both as a starting point for discussion among scholars familiar with the discipline and as an introduction for those interested in learning more.
Talks to teachers on psychology : and to students on some of life's ideals
Adult educational psychology
Department of psychology, University of Jyväskylä
Encyclopedia on early childhood development
Beyond the learning curve : the construction of mind
Cognitive and affective learning strategies
Social learning and personality development
Principles and method in the study of English literature
Communication and persuasion
Learning and human abilities : educational psychology
Handbook of learning and cognitive processes. Vol. 1, Introduction to concepts and issues
Social and emotional learning : a critical appraisal
Age-group and pedagogical psychology
Learning and memory : readings from the Encyclopedia of neuroscience
Multiple choice and retention : an experimental study concerning the effects of presenting incorrect alternatives in training situations
The psychology of reading and spelling disabilities
Applying educational psychology
The unified learning model : how motivational, cognitive, and neurobiological sciences inform best teaching practices
Getting to "Got it!" : helping struggling students learn how to learn
Rethinking the brain : new insights into early development
Towards a phenomenography of learning. 1, Integrating experiential aspects
Straight choices : the psychology of decision making
Geragogy : a theory for teaching the elderly
Children's reading processes and conceptual change
Learning theory and the symbolic processes
Human learning
Psychosynthesis in education : a guide to the joy of learning
Teaching, learning and psychology
Research in sociocultural influences on motivation and learning. Vol. 1
Psychological foundations of education : an introduction to Leeman development and learning
Contrast effects in animal and human learning
Studies in interpersonal learning
The Wiley handbook on the cognitive neuroscience of learning
Using psychology in the classroom
Necessary Conditions of Learning presents a research approach (phenomenography) and a theory (the variation theory of learning) introduced and developed by Ference Marton and taken up by his wide and varied following around the world—together with their practical applications in educational contexts. Reflecting Marton's whole lifetime's work, the unique and significant contribution of this book is to offer an evidence-based answer to the questions "How do we make novel meanings our own?" and "How do we learn to see things in more powerful ways?"       The presentation makes use of hundreds of empirical studies carried out in Europe and Asia which build on the theory. The line of reasoning and the way in which the examples are put together is consistent with the theory—it is both presented and applied. The main argument is that in order to learn we have to discern, and to discern the intended ideas we must be presented with carefully structured variation, against a background of invariance. We then go through processes of contrast, generalization, and fusion in order to make sense. These insights form a practical framework for those who design teaching and teaching materials. Necessary Conditions of Learning is a major original work for which scholars of pedagogical theory have been waiting a long time.
The teacher's toolkit : raise classroom achievement with strategies for every learner
MindShifts : a brain-compatible process for professional development and the renewal of education
Cognitive psychology
Implicit learning : theoretical and empirical issues
"The book is a collection of Bamberger's papers from 1970 to 2010."
How the brain learns
Brain based teaching : making connections for long-term memory & recall
Cognitive psychology : a student's handbook
Human learning and memory : Selected readings
Classroom language? : what sort?
Changing minds : computers, learning, and literacy
From brain to mind : using neuroscience to guide change in education
Self-instruction pedagogy : how to teach self-determined learning
Teaching minds : how cognitive science can save our schools
Syntactic development, its input and output
Originally developed to help students overcome learning obstacles created by emotional trauma or neurobiological learning disabilities, Reuven Feuerstein's work is now used in major cities around the world to support improved thinking and learning by all students. This book is the most up-to-date summary of his thinking and includes accessible descriptions of his tools and methods for cognitive modifiability and mediated learning. With dramatic case studies throughout the text, Feuerstein and his co-authors define intelligence as a dynamic force that drives the human organism to change the structure of thinking in order to answer the needs it encounters. They describe in detail the specific skills of the three stages of thinking: input or observation and data-gathering stage; development or processing stage; and output stage, including analysis, synthesis, and communication. They show how student thinking can stall in multiple ways at any of these stages and how intentional mediation can help students restructure their thinking and improve their ability to learn. Similarly to cognitive mediated learning, the authors address mediation of social and emotional skills that impact learning.
A teacher's guide to the psychology of learning
A study of the effects of interrupting a task performance in formal and informal situations
Transformative learning in practice : insights from community, workplace, and higher education
Teaching for the two-sided mind : a guide to right brain/left brain education
Learning teaching : becoming an inspirational teacher
Studies of mind and brain : neutral principles of learning, perception, development, cognition, and motor control
Second language demotivation : factors that discourage pupils from learning the English language
Learning : principles, processes and practices
Anxiety, learning and instruction
Lipservice : the story of talk in schools : reflections on the development of talk and talk opportunities in schools 5-16
Multiple pathways to the student brain : energizing and enhancing instruction
Trusting what you're told : how children learn from others
Problem solving and education : issues in teaching and research
Interactive instruction and feedback
Cultural transmission : psychological, developmental, social, and methodological aspects
Mechanisms of language acquisition
Teaching the learning disabled : a combined task-process approach
The power of reinforcement
Discovering the musical mind : a view of creativity as learning
Names for things : a study of human learning
The Thirteenth Edition of Educational Psychology continues to emphasize the educational implications and applications of research on child development, cognitive science, learning, motivation, teaching, and assessment. Theory and practice are considered together, showing how information and ideas drawn from educational psychology research can be applied to solve the everyday problems of teaching. The text reflects the field as it offers unique and crucial knowledge to any who dare to teach, and to all who love to learn.
Your child's growing mind : brain development and learning from birth to adolescence
Beyond smarter : mediated learning and the brain's capacity for change
A handbook of reflective and experiential learning : theory and practice
Young teachers and reluctant learners
Controlling uncertainty : decision making and learning in complex worlds
The psychology of learning and motivation : advances in research and theory. 46
School learning : an introduction to educational psychology
Theory building for learning how to learn
Human learning and memory : selected readings
Modern learning theory : foundations and fundamental issues
Building 101 ways to learning power
Qualitative differences in learning as a function of the learner's conception of the task
Educational psychology : reflection for action
Psychology and learning
Eight myths of student disengagement : creating classrooms of deep learning
Education and learning : an evidence-based approach
Improving student information search : a metacognitive approach
Accelerated learning in practice : brain-based methods for accelerating motivation and achievement
Constructing a psychology of teaching and learning
Learning disability : the imaginary disease
Attachment in the classroom : the links between children's early experience, emotional well-being and performance in school
Handbook of motivation at school
Why don't students like school? : a cognitive scientist answers questions about how the mind works and what it means for your classroom
Learning styles and second language education
Cognitive development and learning in instructional contexts
Children's questions : a mechanism for cognitive development
Smart teaching : using brain research and data to continuously improve learning
Boys and girls learn differently! : a guide for teachers and parents
The theory and practice of programmed instruction : a guide for teachers
Achievement goals and cognitive learning strategies in dynamic contexts of learning
The unfinished revolution : learning, human behavior, community, and political paradox
Coaching for learning : a practical guide for encouraging learning
Education and psychology. Vol. 7, Psychology of number : and its application to methods of teaching arithmetic
Psychology of verbal learning and memory
Psychology of learning and motivation : advances in research and theory. Vol. 49
From learning theory to connectionist theory : essays in honor of William K. Estes. Vol. 1
Historical and cross-cultural aspects of psychology
Accelerated learning
Learning and memory : major ideas, principles, issues and applications
Resistance to Learning : overcoming the desire-not-to-know in classroom teaching
Social learning and cognition
Understanding reading : a psycholinguistic analysis of reading and learning to read
Personality and learning : educational studies, a second level course. Block 5, Cognitive styles
Effectiveness in education and training : the theory and practice of personal development
"This book challenges the current thrust of neoliberalism and economic managerialism by unfolding a new vision of participatory action learning and action research (PALAR) as a philosophy, methodology, and theory of learning and the facilitation process. The focus is on professional learning conceived as being participatory, collaborative, holistic and transformative, particularly through critical reflection and an affective-socio-cognitive approach. In a unique new approach, Professional Learning in Higher Education and Communities adopts a novel integration of social science with neuroscience to explain the processes and significance of PALAR. This provides the basis for justifying PALAR as an effective way to collaboratively achieve positive change, sustainable development and social justice, based on human agency and democratic values, for the common good and thus a better world for all. This book itself is testament to the critical reflection and affective-socio-cognitive approach that it advocates".
Factors affecting simulator-training effectiveness
Positive psychology is the scientific study of how human beings prosper and thrive. This is the first book in SLA dedicated to theories in positive psychology and their implications for language teaching, learning and communication. Chapters examine the characteristics of individuals, contexts and relationships that facilitate learning: positive emotional states such as love, enjoyment and flow, and character traits such as empathy, hardiness and perseverance. The contributors present several innovative teaching ideas to bring out these characteristics among learners. The collection thus blends new teaching techniques with cutting-edge theory and empirical research undertaken using qualitative, quantitative and mixed-methods approaches. It will be of interest to SLA researchers, graduate students, trainee and experienced teachers who wish to learn more about language learning psychology, individual differences, learner characteristics and new classroom practices.
Study skills for learning power
Psychology of learning & behavior
The value of ideas : the immersion approach to the development of thinking
Advanced musical performance : investigations in higher education learning
The psychology of learning and motivation : advances in research and theory. 14
The psychology of classroom learning
Advances in motivation and achievement. Vol. 10
How we learn : the surprising truth about when, where, and why it happens
User-centered technologies for blind children
A teachers' guide to the psychology of learning
How people learn : brain, mind, experience, and school
Reflections on the learning sciences
Teaching for understanding : linking research with practice
A different kind of classroom : teaching with dimensions of learning
Education and learning to think
LSI : learning style inventory : self-scoring inventory and interpretation booklet
Learning and behavior
Learning disabilities : a reference book
Learning and doing mathematics
The ecology of attention
The psychology of learning
