http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15225 safety measures
safety measures
Global surveillance and policing : borders, security, identity
Corporate security in the 21st century : theory and practice in international perspective
Handbook of chemical health and safety
English summary: Basic Security of Schooling in Eastern Finland.
Risk analysis and security countermeasure selection
Abstract: The object of this bachelor's thesis was to study the prevalence of actualized protective measures in working with people with intellectual disabilities and challenging behavior as well as to clarify carers' views on protective measures and client participation, and whether there are possibilities for empowerment. The setting for the study was Kuusela, a department offering care, guidance and rehabilitation to adults with intellectual disabilities and challenging behavior. The theoretical framework for this study was based on values of the social field and the operating environment of Kuusela and how empowerment can be reached through participation and the right to subjectivity, self-determination, and dialog. Methods in acquiring the essential information were both qualitative and quantitative. Data on the prevalence of actualized protective measures was gathered through a documentary analysis. Data on carers' views on protective measures and client participation were gathered through a questionnaire consisting of a set of questions that were to be answered according to the Likert scale. The questionnaire also included two open-ended questions that required a written answer. The data were analysed according to qualitative content analysis. The results showed that the number of actualized protective measures had decreased from the year 2008 to 2010. Results on the carers' views showed that protective measures are needed and justified in their work. Although they seem conscious of the inhabitants' right to participatory working methods, it was not seen clearly in the everyday life. Obstacles in the implementation of this right were seen as being related to the inhabitants' shortcomings and the carers' attitudes and know-how. It can be concluded that continuous reflection on values and models of action is needed in order for the inhabitants' participation to be respected and implemented and for empowerment to be possible. The results showed that learning by living should be heightened through open professional discussions. The inhabitants' shortcomings should be dealt with in a professional manner and attitudes and knowledge on addressing these shortcomings should be dealt with through discussion and possibly through further training.
The facility manager's guide to safety and security
Transatlantic counter-terrorism cooperation : the new imperative
Study of internal controls in ERP environment : impact on the quality of financial statements: auditors’ perspective
Social work departments as organisations
One nation under surveillance : a new social contract to defend freedom without sacrificing liberty
IT audit, control, and security
"The Smart Grid has the potential to revolutionize electricity delivery systems, and the security of its infrastructure is a vital concern not only for cyber-security practitioners, engineers, policy makers, and utility executives, but also for the media and consumers. Smart Grid Security: An End-to-End View of Security in the New Electrical Grid explores the important techniques, challenges, and forces that will shape how we achieve a secure twenty-first century electric grid.Following an overview of the components of the Smart Grid, the book delves into the evolution of security standards and regulations and examines ways in which the Smart Grid might be regulated. The authors discuss the technical details about how metering technology is being implemented and the likely threats and vulnerabilities that utilities will face. They address the home area network (HAN) and examine distribution and transmission the foundation for the delivery of electricity, along with distributed generation, micro-grids, and operations.The book explores future concepts such as energy storage and the use of plug-in electric vehicles (PEVs ) in addition to the concomitant risk for fraud and manipulation with stored energy. Consumer-related issues are discussed as they pertain to emerging ways of receiving and generating energy. The book examines dysfunctions ranging from inadvertent outages to cyber-attack and presents recommendations on how to respond to these incidents. It concludes with speculation of future cyber-security challenges and discusses new ways that the grid can be defended, such as better key management and protection.Written in a style rigorous enough for the practitioner yet accessible to a broad audience, this comprehensive volume covers a topic that is becoming more critical to industry and consumers everywhere"--
Protective Measures in Working with People with Intellectual Disabilities : Carers' Views on Protective Measures and Client Participation
Cybercrime : digital cops in a networked environment
The civil law notary - neutral lawyer for the situation : a comparative study on preventative justice in modern societies
IPICS ́2004 : The Fifth Winter School : 30 March-7 April 2004, Oulu University, Oulu, Finland
There is, however, a basic problem with definitions, vocabulary and statistics concerning private and commercial security. A common platform is missing, which means that in this study some basic elements have been defined in order to be able to make structured analyses. The existing situation and interview comments concerning private security regulation have been used to analyse the industry, its challenges and its future development. The thesis tries to answer the questions why, what/who and how to regulate in general and more specifically in the six chosen regulatory regimes. Many of the industry’s challenges and trends can be understood through an examination of existing systems of private security regulation: legal apparatus that reveals how commercial security is positioned in different societies.
River rescue : a manual for whitewater safety
The findings of this thesis confirm that private as well as commercial security regulation is very much a ‘command and control’ and ‘top-down’ procedure, bound to the general situation in each individual regulatory regime, and reflecting the cultures of the societies. The regulation texts as such may look quite similar, but the actual reasons for and practical implementations of them are locally specific and related to individual states’ overall governance practices and administrative maturity.
Surviving cyberwar
Oil on water : tankers, pirates and the rise of China
The outward bound canoeing handbook
Smart card usage for authentication in web single sign-on systems
Not dead yet
Supply chain security : a comprehensive approach
Barriers and accident prevention
The Dublin Fire Brigade : a history of the brigade, the fires and the emergencies
Safety and security in tourism : recovery marketing after crises
Facility manager̕ s guide to security : protecting your assets
Disaster management for libraries and archives
Cyber-physical security : protecting critical infrastructure at the state and local level
Introduction to environmental technology
A business guide to information security : how to protect your company's IT assets, reduce risks and understand the law
Virtualization security : protecting virtualized environments
Private Policing examines the origins of private policing, the growing literature that has sought to explain its growth, and ways in which it has been defined and classified.
21st century Chinese cyberwarfare : an examination of the Chinese cyberthreat from fundamentals of Communist policy regarding information warfare through the broad range of military, civilian and commercially supported cyberattack threat vectors
Security monitoring
Disaster management in archives, libraries and museums
Security management : a critical thinking approach
Kicking butt with MIDP and MSA : creating great mobile applications
Business confronts terrorism : risks and responses
Use of cryptographic codes for bytecode verification in smart card environment
Power system SCADA and smart grids
Technologies of inSecurity : the surveillance of everyday life
Network forensics : tracking hackers through cyberspace
Executive protection : rising to the challenge
Protective measures in working with people with intellectual disabilities: carers' views on protective measures and client participation
Guidelines for engineering design for process safety
General aviation security : aircraft, hangars, fixed-base operations, flight schools, and airports
The Asia-Pacific security lexicon
Industrial espionage : developing a counterespionage program
Private security and the law
Zhongguo fazhi fazhan baogao. 9 (2011) = Annual report on China's rule of law. 9 (2011)
Tourism in turbulent times : towards safe experiences for visitors
Personal jurisdiction and cyberspace : a new challenge for the established doctrine
Command and control
Electrical safety handbook
Practical electrical equipment and installations in hazardous areas
Guide to security considerations and practices for rare book, manuscript, and special collection libraries
Instructions on implementing the decree on information security in central government
Selling security : the private policing of public space
The blue helmets : legal regulation of United Nations military operations
Hot work under control
IT disaster recovery planning for dummies
Security policies and procedures : principles and practices
The Shell book of seamanship
Safety and survival at sea
The privatization of police in America : an analysis and case study
Managing risk and security : the safeguard of long-term success for logistics service providers
Border security in the Balkans : Europe's gatekeepers
Introduction to social work and social welfare : empowering people
Security manual
Against security : how we go wrong at airports, subways, and other sites of ambiguous danger
The library disaster preparedness handbook
Nuclear emergency response planning based on participatory decision analytic approaches
Earthquake protection
Terrorism and torture : an interdisciplinary perspective
IFLA disaster preparedness and planning : a brief manual
On display : a design grammar for museum exhibition
Information security theory and practices : smart cards, mobile and ubiquitous computing systems : First IFIP TC6 / WG 8.8 / WG 11.2 International Workshop WISTP 2007, Heraklion, Crete, Greece, May 9-11, 2007 ; proceedings
Physical security and safety : a field guide for the practitioner
Protection, security, and safeguards : practical approaches and perspectives
How to disappear : erase your digital footprint, leave false trails, and vanish without a trace
Smart card security and applications
This book compares institutions of preventative justice in Germany, France, England, Sweden, Estonia and the U.S. (Maine, New York). The centre of focus is on the continental European notariat and corresponding institutions in legal cultures without notariats. The comparative description of preventative justice consists mainly of an analysis of residential real estate transactions and the function of land registers as meaningful elements of preventative justice. The result of the comparative work indicates the significant value of a well-organized notariat regarding costs and quality. Attempts of the European Commission to weaken the system of preventative justice of continental legal cultures should be analyzed carefully and with some scepticism.
Institutional dynamics of European integration : essays in honour of Henry G. Schermers
Aviation and airport security : terrorism and safety concerns
Security in 21st century Europe
Regulation of manned commercial security services : a transnational comparative study of Belgium, Estonia, New York, Queensland, South Africa and Sweden
"This book addresses the need for security, how to identify the threat against and level of security needed to protect assets, and security theories and concepts used to provide an acceptable level of security. Security practices are intermingled with safety issues. OSHA and Fire Regulations complement an overall loss prevention program. This text introduces the Security practitioner to basic tenets of safety and safety management. Safety practitioners will find this book of value in understanding physical security theories, concerns, and practices"--
Managing knowledge security : strategies for protecting your company's intellectual assets
A multi-theoretical perspective on IS security behaviors
"This updated version of one of the most popular and widely used CCPS books provides plant design engineers, facility operators, and safety professionals with key information on selected topics of interest. The book focuses on process safety issues in the design of chemical, petrochemical, and hydrocarbon processing facilities. It discusses how to select designs that can prevent or mitigate the release of flammable or toxic materials, which could lead to a fire, explosion, or environmental damage. Key areas to be enhanced in the new edition include inherently safer design, specifically concepts for design of inherently safer unit operations and Safety Instrumented Systems and Layer of Protection Analysis.  This book also provides an extensive bibliography to related publications and topic-specific information, as well as key information on failure modes and potential design solutions"--
European Community law and civil remedies in England and Wales
Close calls : managing risk and resilience in airline flight safety
It is commonly recognised that commercial security, in its different forms, has become an important element in societies as a provider of private and public security. The reasons for this development are manifold but can be seen to well from the changes in individual societies and their governance structures. Because of the growth of the security industry, many regulatory regimes have considered some form of industry regulation to be necessary. Some private security research has been carried out during the last 40 years. Most of the published texts have handled the situation in individual countries. The published studies are in most cases theoretical and based on existing documentary sources. In this study local interviews in six regulatory regimes; Belgium, Estonia, New York, Queensland, South Africa and Sweden, as well as transnational sources are used to make comparisons of different regulation solutions.
Proactive risk management in a dynamic society
Smart grid security : an end-to-end view of security in the new electrical grid
Lights out : a cyberattack : a nation unprepared : surviving the aftermath
Smart cards, tokens, security and applications
Human factors for the design, operation, and maintenance of mining equipment
Before starting hot work... : study book
Power analysis attacks : revealing the secrets of smart cards
The deadly life of logistics : mapping violence in global trade
Operational security management in violent environments : a field manual for aid agencies
Security risk management : body of knowledge
