http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15240 wage security
wage security
Labour market studies. Italy
Equality in law between men and women in the European Community. Germany
The activation dilemma : reconciling the fairness and effectiveness of minimum income schemes in Europe
"...and economic justice for all" : welfare reform for the 21st century
Problems of social security and development in a developing country : a study of the indigenous systems and the colonial influence on the conventional schemes in Nigeria
Nordic welfare states in the European context
Suomen tilastollinen vuosikirja 2005 = Statistisk årsbok för Finland 2005 = Statistical yearbook of Finland 2005.
The ethics and economics of the basic income guarantee
Labour market studies. Netherlands
The Oxford companion to the economics of China
Private security contractors and new wars : risk, law, and ethics
Essays on the financing of unemployment benefits
Applications of treatment effects models and semiparametric estimation
This book addresses ambiguities of the growing use of private security contractors and provides guidance as to how our expectations about regulating this expanding "service" industry will have to be adjusted. In the war zones of Iraq and Afghanistan many of those who carry weapons are not legally combatants, nor are they protected civilians. They are contracted by governments, businesses, and NGOs to provide armed security. Often mistaken as members of armed forces, they are instead part of a new protean proxy force that works alongside the military in a multitude of shifting roles, and overseen by a matrix of contracts and regulations. This book analyzes the growing industry of these private military and security companies (PMSCs) used in war zones and other high risk areas. PMSCs are the result of a unique combination of circumstances, including a change in the idea of soldiering, insurance industry analyses that require security contractors, and a need for governments to distance themselves from potentially criminal conduct. The book argues that PMSCs are a unique type of organization, combining attributes from worlds of the military, business, and humanitarian organizations. This makes them particularly resistant to oversight. The legal status of these companies and those they employ is also hard to ascertain, which weakens the multiple regulatory tools available. PMSCs fall between the cracks in ethical debates about their use, seeming to be both justifiable and objectionable. This transformation in military operations is a seemingly irreversible product of more general changes in the relationship between the individual citizen and the state. This book will be of interest to students of private security companies, war and conflict studies, security studies and IR in general--Publisher's description.
Offers new policies in technology, employment, social security, capital sharing, and taxation that intend to narrow the income gap, defending them against the common arguments and excuses for inaction.
Labour market studies. Greece
To each one's due : at the borderline of work : toward a theoretical framework for economic, social and cultural rights
Benefit systems and work incentives
Summary and conclusions (s. 5-8).
Tax progression and structure of labour taxation in an open economy general equilibrium model with monopoly unions
Suomen tilastollinen vuosikirja 2009 = Statistisk årsbok för Finland 2009 = Statistical yearbook of Finland 2009 : 103. vuosikerta = årgång 103 = volume 103.
Internal market : current status 1 July 1994. Vol. 6, Community social policy
Basic income : freedom from poverty, freedom to work
Does the composition of wage and payroll taxes matter under nash bargaining?
Gender discrimination law of the European Community
European Community sex equality law
Suomen tilastollinen vuosikirja = Statistisk årsbok för Finland = Statistical yearbook of Finland. 2000.
To each one's due at the borderline of work : toward a theoretical framework for economic, social and cultural rights
Wage bargaining and employment under different unemployment insurance contribution policies
Job security provisions, wage setting and unemployment persistence
Minimum income models in Europe
Labour market studies. Portugal
The Routledge research companion to security outsourcing
Arguing for basic income : ethical foundations for a radical reform
An income of one's own? : the political analysis of universal basic income
Employment and wage effects of a payroll-tax cut-evidence from a regional experiment
Modelling welfare state reform
Labour market studies. Germany
Big boy rules : America's mercenaries fighting in Iraq
Labour market studies. Ireland
Reshaping the labour market : regulation, efficiency and equality in Australia
Basic income : the material conditions of freedom
The Finnish payroll tax cut experiment revisited
Equality in law between men and women in the European Community. Denmark
Inequality : what can be done?
From mercenaries to market : the rise and regulation of private military companies
Equality in law between men and women in the European Community. United Kingdom
Labour market institutions and the effectiveness of tax and benefit policies in enhancing employment : a general equilibrium analysis
Introduction to European social security law
The European face of social security : essays in honour of Herman Deleeck
This night's everything
The whistleblower : sex trafficking, military contractors, and one woman's fight for justice
Studies on unemployment duration and on the gender wage gap
Does the composition of wage and payroll taxes matter under Nash bargaining?
Enterprise and social benefits after communism
Basic income and democracy
Labour market studies. United Kingdom
Employment and progressive employer's social security contributions
Labour market studies. Spain
Suomen tilastollinen vuosikirja 2003 = Statistisk årsbok för Finland 2003 = Statistical yearbook of Finland 2003.. 2003 : 98. vuosikerta = årgång 98 = volume 98
Wage and employment patterns in labor contracts : microfoundations and macroeconomic implications
Poverty policies, structures and outcomes in the EU 25 : report for the fifth European round table on poverty and social exclusion 16-17 October 2006, Tampere, Finland
The future of social security policy : women, work and a citizens' basic income
Monopoly unions, corporatism and optimal structure of labour taxation
From internal market regulation to European labour law
Suomen tilastollinen vuosikirja 2008 = Statistisk årsbok för Finland 2008 = Statistical yearbook of Finland 2008.. 2008 : 103. vuosikerta = årgång 103 = volume 103
Essays on labour demand and wage formation
Women, employment and European equality law
Stumbling towards basic income : the prospects for tax-benefit integration
Redesigning distribution : basic income and stakeholder grants as alternative cornerstones for a more egalitarian capitalism
Equality in law between men and women in the European Community. Ireland
EU social and employment law : policy and practice in an enlarged Europe
Implementing the OECD jobs strategy : member countries' experience
Perspectives of equality : work, women and family in the Nordic countries and EU
Suomen tilastollinen vuosikirja 2007 = Statistisk årsbok för Finland 2007 = Statistical yearbook of Finland 2007
