http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15298 cost of repair
cost of repair
Construction 2000 classification
Marginal rail infrastructure costs in Finland 1997-2002
Energy-efficient renovation of residential districts : cases from the Russian market
"From experience to innovation" : proceedings of the 13th Triennial Congress of the International Ergonomics Association, June 29 - July 4, 1997 Tampere, Finland. Volume 2, Designing, environmental design, environmental hazards, economics
Renovation of an apartement Building in Berlin, Germany from 1896
The purpose of this thesis was to form alternative strategies for electricity distribution network reinvestments and evaluate these from Vattenfall Networks Finland's perspective. The objective was to ease the investment decisions and make a framework for the decision making. The final selection of the strategy was not the scope of this thesis. The driver for making this study was all the time increasing need to raise investment level due to the fact that most of the Finnish networks are built after the war in 1950's to 1970's. Vattenfall Networks has already made decisions that all the new networks will be underground so the way to build is clear, now it is only carrying out construction work in the proper order and time. The approach was using the common strategic tools, such as PESTLIED, SWOT and risk analysis based on strategic leadership theories. The methodology was to investigate different publications, laws and studies relating to aforementioned and also conduct an analysis of present state of the network. As a result of this thesis, the most important drivers where identified. The drivers that were found where: security of supply and mechanical condition of the network. Based on these drivers, five alternative strategies where formed and also risks where analyzed for all alternatives. This thesis work gives a good starting point to a company to continue choosing the best strategy and continue working how investments are allocated in practice and how it will be measured that the development is in accordance with the chosen strategy. At the end of work, I have introduced several ideas to help the long term planning in practice.
The viability of rehabilitated apartment buildings : a feasibility study method for building rehabilitation projects developed by action research
Alternative strategies for electricity distribution network reinvestments
Energy efficiency on buildings : commercial realities and opportunities for existing office buildings
Sport facilities: operating costs a sore point for muncipalities
Marginal rail infrastructure costs in Finland 1997-2005
Underpinning project; owners' views on technology, economy and project management
Building cost index
Renovation building
