http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15215 service (religion)
service (religion)
A heart for worship : experience a rebirth of worship
A new dictionary of liturgy & worship
What are the ethical implications of worship?
Christus Victor : World conference of Christian youth : a service of worship led by E. Sambayya (India), Tuesday, August 1st, 1939.
At the origins of Christian worship : the context and character of earliest Christian devotion
On the historical development of the liturgy
Worship and evangelism in pre-Christendom
The Promise of His glory : services and prayers for the season from All Saints to Candlemas
Lazarus Saturday and The Feast of the Entry of our Lord into Jerusalem
Worship signifies a wide field of liturgical ritual practices that extend from the Sunday morning service in a mainline church through a worship service in an African Independent Church to Christian ritual on the internet and cultural ritual-symbolic practices. Solid and solidified concepts are no longer sufficient for the study of this liquid field. This book approaches liturgical ritual from a different perspective. The first part of this book maps and explores the field of liturgical ritual studies. The second part of the book takes a first step in the process of conceptualisation and elaborates on the sensitising concept of liminality. In part three various aspects of the field are elaborated on in six double perspectives: bricolage/particularity, language/silence, image/sound, embodiment/performance, play/function, time/space. Part four reviews the road that the book has covered to this point from the two theological perspectives that characterise Protestant worship: Sacrament/Word and Prayer/Worship.0.
Roman domestic art and early house churches
Worship reform : feedback on the service reform carried out in the Evangelical Lutheran Church of Finland in the 1990s
The Amish wedding and other special occasions of the old order communities
In 1921, Anton Baumstark delivered two lectures on the development of the Roman Rite to a gathering at the Abbey of Maria Laach. Abbot Ildefons Herwegen offered to publish those lectures, but Baumstark decided to write a book on the topic instead, which was published two years later as On the Historical Development of the Liturgy. It would be another sixteen years before he produced Comparative Liturgy, for which he is better known. Together the two books lay out Baumstark's liturgical methodology. Comparative Liturgy presents his method; On the Historical Development of the Liturgy offers his model. --
The Renewal of Sunday worship
How are we to proclaim Christ in different cultures? This question was central to a landmark study on worship and culture conducted by the Lutheran World Federation between 1992 and 1999. Much has changed in the years since then: the world today more than ever is a multicultural global village. "Worship and Culture" revisits that LWF study and publication, shedding new light on the question from recent theological and sociological scholarship to expand and enrich the texts in the original three-volume work.This book includes texts from the main statements that came out of the original project as well as updated essays from some of the original contributors. It also adds new essays, prayers, and hymns to the conversation, inviting readers to consider what the life of the church should look like in today's hybrid, multicultural world. Contributors Julio Cezar Adam Scott Anderson Mark P. Bangert Thomas F. Best Stephen Burns Anscar J. Chupungco, OSB Joseph A. Donnella II Norman A. Hjelm Margaret Mary Kelleher, OSU Dirk G. Lange Gordon W. Lathrop Anita Monro Martha Moore-Keish Melinda A. Quivik Gail Ramshaw S. Anita Stauffer Benjamin M. Stewart Glaucia Vasconcelos Wilkey Joyce Ann Zimmerman, CPPS" Review: Thomas H. Schattauer-- Wartburg Theological Seminary, Dubuque, Iowa This wide-ranging collection of essays takes up the pathbreaking study of worship and culture sponsored by the Lutheran World Federation in the last decade of the twentieth century and carries the conversation forward into the twenty-first century. Readers new to that conversation will give thanks for this introduction to the seminal statements and work of the LWF study. Readers familiar with the issues will find here new treasures of understanding and insight. Mark R. Francis, CSV-- Catholic Theological Union, Chicago Offers a sure guide to the often complex development of recent thinking on culture and liturgy and moves the discussion forward by asking hard questions about the contextualization of worship with which all Christians need to contend. In bringing these superb essays together in one volume, Glaucia Vasconcelos Wilkey has done the churches an immeasurable service. Any serious study on worship and culture will now have to take into account this extraordinary resource."Dagmar Heller-- Ecumenical Institute at Bossey, Switzerland This volume not only revisits former Lutheran World Federation work but offers new contributions -- not just from Lutheran scholars -- to an important ecumenical discussion that sometimes seems to be forgotten. "
Interpreting at church : a paradigm for sign language interpreters
The liturgical ministry of deacons
Worship in the Early Church is a collection of excerpts from early Christian writings illustrating the Church's liturgical practice in both East and West, from its Jewish beginnings through the end of the sixth century.
The people are holy : the history and theology of Free Church worship
The organic development of the liturgy : the principles of liturgical reform and their relation to the twentieth-century liturgical movement prior to the second Vatican Council
Music & worship in pagan & Christian antiquity
Worship in the early church : an anthology of historical sources. Vol. 4
A book of services
The urban character of Christian worship : the origins, development, and meaning of stational liturgy
The new Westminster dictionary of liturgy and worship
Let the church sing! : music and worship in a black Mississippi community
"Multi-faith worship"? : questions and suggestions from the inter-faith consultative group
Orthodoxy for today
The temple : its ministry and services
A brief history of Christian worship
Koinonia : services and prayers = Liturgien und Gebete = services et prières = liturgias y oraciones
Blended worship : achieving substance and relevance in worship
Gathering : a theology and spirituality of worship in free church tradition
The search for the origins of Christian worship : sources and methods for the study of early liturgy
Sacraments and worship : the sources of Christian theology
The liturgy of the orthodox church
Buddhist temple
Trained in classical and oriental philology, Anton Baumstark (1872-1948) was prodigious as a scholar studying the literature, art, and liturgy of the whole church--Oriental, Eastern, and Western. Comparative liturgy, his method for studying the historical development of the liturgy as an organism, has had a lasting influence, notably on the liturgical study of the Christian East. --Book Jacket.
The ministries of Christian worship
Sacred games : a history of Christian worship
Christian worship : unity in cultural diversity
The Orthodox Church : its faith, worship and life
Christus Victor : World conference of Christian youth : a service of worship led by Miss Mina Soga of South Africa, Friday July 28th. 1939.
Worship in the early church : an anthology of historical sources. Vol. 1
Service to our holy and god-bearing father Saint Herman : wonderworker of Alaska
The Oxford history of Christian worship
The shape of the liturgy
Holy play : aspects for the liturgical renewals in Asia
Leo Yates, Jr.'s Interpreting at Church: A Paradigm for Sign Language Interpreters is a well-written and one-of-a-kind resource that discusses essential information for sign language interpreters who will provide professional services in a church or other Christian environment. The book covers a wide range of materials including certification, ethical and legal issues, standards, compensation, and skill development. It also contains a religious sign dictionary and helpful suggestions from veteran interpreters.
Divine worship and human healing : liturgical theology at the margins of life and death
Silence : a Christian history
The sanctus in the eucharistic prayer
Christus Victor : World conference of Christian youth : the Danish Highmass = Service divin danois = Der dänische Hauptgottesdienst, Sunday July 30th, 1939.
Worship today : understanding, practice, ecumenical implications
What does "multicultural" worship look like?
St. Paul's Cathedral. Lambeth Conference, 1930, Order of Ceremonial at the Celebration of the Holy Communion (preceded by the Litany sung in procession) at the opening of the Conference on Sunday, July 6, 1930, at 10.30 a.m
Theologia prima : what is liturgical theology?
Or Hadash : a commentary on Siddur Sim Shalom for shabbat and festivals : Reuven Hammer
Ways of worship : report of a Theological Commission in preparation for the Third World Conference on Faith and Order to be held in Lund, Sweden in 1952
In the context of unity : a history of the development of the Lutheran book of worship
A church for all ages : a practical approach to all age worship
History of the liturgy : the major stages
Authority and freedom in liturgy: patristic, free church, pentecostal, ecumenical
A new song for the Lord : faith in Christ and liturgy today
The Agpeya, being the Coptic Orthodox book of hours according to the present-day usage in the Church of Alexandria
Order of service for the dedication of the Ecumenical Centre and Chapel = Ordre du service pour la dédicace du centre œcuménique et de la chapelle = Gottesdienstordnung für die winweihung des Ökumenischen Zentrums und der Kapelle
The Alternative Service Book 1980 : services authorized for use in the Church of England in conjunction with The Book of Common Prayer, together with The Liturgical Psalter
Worship : adoration and action
Jewish and Christian liturgy and worship : new insights into its history and interaction
Liturgy and the moral self : humanity at full stretch before God : essays in honor of Don E. Saliers
Women, ritual, and liturgy = Ritual und Liturgie von Frauen = Femmes, la liturgie et le rituel
Ancient Christian worship : early church practices in social, historical, and theological perspective
Pastoral care in worship : liturgy and psychology in dialogue
Liturgy pastoral and parochial
Worship and culture : foreign country or homeland?
The touch of the sacred : the practice, theology, and tradition of Christian worship
Liturgy and empire : faith in exile and political theology
Rites and rank : hierarchy in biblical representations of cult
What is "contemporary" worship?
The Holy Pascha : being the liturgies of the Holy Week of Pascha according to the current usage in The Church of Alexandria
The making of Jewish and Christian worship
What is changing in eucharistic practice?
Continuity and change in Christian worship : papers read at the 1997 Summer Meeting and the 1998 Winter Meeting of the Ecclesiastical History Society
Community worship 2000
The Spirit in worship, worship in the Spirit
Young children and worship
Gloria Deo : worship book for CEC Assembly IX, Stirling, Scotland, 4-11 September 1986
Myth of the empty Church
Churchgoing and churchgoers in Finland
Meeting mystery : liturgy, worship, sacraments
The Orthodox Prayer Book = Pravoslavnyi molitvoslov
Christus Victor : world conference of Christian youth : a service in the Free Church tradition (in French and English), Tuesday July 25th, 1939.
The mass
Iona Abbey worship book
Alternative worship in the Church of England / Paul Roberts
The Orthodox church
Primary sources of liturgical theology : a reader
Iona Abbey music book : songs from the Iona Abbey worship book
The sacred play of children
For nearly a century On the Historical Development of the Liturgy has been valued by specialists in the field of liturgical studies, both for its description of comparative liturgy and for the portrayal of patterns Baumstark discerns in liturgical development. Also significant are the hypotheses Baumstark proposes and the evidence he brings to bear on problems in liturgical history. In this annotated edition, Fritz West provides the first English translation of this work by Anton Baumstark. --
Initiation services : a practical guide to the new services
Christus Victor : world conference of Christian Youth : opening service July 24th 1939.
The garments of salvation : Orthodox Christian liturgical vesture
Report of the study commission on worship : Fourth world conference on Faith and Order, Montreal, Canada, 12-26 July 1963.
What is changing in baptismal practice?
Worship with one accord : where liturgy and ecumenism embrace
Worship in the network culture : liturgical ritual studies : fields and methods, concepts and metaphors
Gather into one : praying and singing globally
Venite Adoremus : World's Student Christian Federation prayer book. 1.
The Biblical foundations of Christian worship
A companion to common worship. Vol. 2
The Pentecostarion
Journal of the 2nd National Theological Conference on worship : sponsored by WCC Faith and Order Commission, East Asia Christian Conference, Philippine Federation of Christian Churches, Manila, Union Theological Seminary, April 17-19, 1961.
What are the essentials of Christian worship?
Dynamic worship : mission, grace, praise, and power : a manual for strengthening the worship life of twelve keys congregations
Religious facilitation through intense liturgical participation : a quasi-experimental study of Swedish pilgrims to Taizé
The Orthodox Church A to Z : a practical handbook of beliefs, liturgy, sacraments, customs, theology, history, and prayers for Orthodox Christians
ADONAI : THE POWER OF WORSHIP FROM THE LAND OF ISRAEL
The church at prayer : an introduction to the liturgy. Volume 4, The liturgy and time
Worship in scripture and tradition : essays by members of the theological commission on worship (North American Section) of the Commission on Faith and Order of the World Council of Churches
Worship in the early church : an anthology of historical sources. Vol. 3
The order of service for the reception of archbishops and bishops attending the Lambeth Conference, Saturday, July 5th, 1930.
The four Gospels on Sunday : the New Testament and the reform of Christian worship
Daily and weekly worship: Jewish and Christian
Documents of Christian worship : descriptive and interpretive sources
Worship and liturgy in context : studies and case studies in theology and practice / edited by Duncan B. Forrester & Doug Gay
A short history of English church music
Common worship : daily prayer
Let us attend : a journey through the orthodox divine liturgy
A community of joy : how to create contemporary worship
The elusive dream : the power of race in interracial churches
All over the world Christian communities meet on Sunday morning for worship. But what really happens during a worship service? How do worshipers participate in the service? What does it mean to sing, pray, and celebrate the Lord's Supper together? What do worshipers do when they listen to a sermon? In The Touch of the Sacred Gerrit Immink offers thoughtful theological reflection on the religious practice of worship services in the Protestant tradition. He develops a theology of worship with a clear focus on the death and resurrection of Jesus Christ as he explores the meaning of worship, the mystery of Christ, the sacraments, prayer, and preaching. Ultimately, he says, something dynamic happens when a church congregation speaks and acts: it is touched by the sacred, by a very encounter with the living God.
New songs and stoneleigh 97/98
Imagining the kingdom : how worship works
Ways of worship : report of a theological commission of Faith and Order
Worship among Lutherans : Northfield statement on worship, 1983 : Tantur report on worship, 1983
Living the Liturgy : a practical guide for participating in the Divine Liturgy of the Eastern Orthodox Church
Worship in the early church : an anthology of historical sources. Vol. 2
An outline of Christian worship
Electronic church and web community : some marginal notes to an ecclesiological problem
The liturgy of the Holy Apostles Adai and Mari : together with two additional liturgies to be said on certain feasts and other days, and the Order of Baptism
Journey to the kingdom : an insider's look at the liturgy and beliefs of the Eastern Orthodox church
All-age events and worship : an introduction and guide
Mastering worship
The story of christmas : a new presentation of the Festival of Nine Lessons
Early Christians speak : faith and life in the first three centuries
The divine liturgy of Saint John Chrysostom = I thia liturjia tu Ajiu Ioannu tu Khrysostomu
Service sacré : Sabbath morning service with additional prayers for Friday evening
On the divine liturgy
The early church at work and worship. Vol. 2, Catechesis, baptism, eschatology, and martyrdom
Twenty centuries of Christian worship
The modern genre of the Finnish mass sermon
The time of the spirit : readings through the Christian year
The early church at work and worship. Vol. 1, Ministry, ordination, covenant, and canon
Encountering God : the legacy of Lutheran book of worship for the 21st century
Liturgy, architecture, and sacred places in Anglo-Saxon England
Jewish liturgy : prayer and synagogue service through the ages
Worship and culture in dialogue : reports of international consultations, Cartigny, Switzerland, 1993, Hong Kong, 1994
A practical handbook for divine services
What about to go to the Mass!
The sacramentary of Ratoldus : Paris, Bibliothèque Nationale de France, Lat. 12052
Christus Victor : World conference of Christian youth : service of worship led by an American group, Wednesday, August 2nd, 1939.
How does the liturgy speak of God?
Finding words for worship : a guide for leaders
Baptism, rites of passage, and culture
Sign Language Interpreting in Christian Church Services : opinions and expectations of Deaf worshippers in Germany
