http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1520 members of parliament
members of parliament
English summary: Something old, something new : citizens' evaluations of the media and journalism during the "election funding criris".
Evaluation of cooperation between principal and foreign partners in export business - Case: Tamtron Group
The House of Commons 1790-1820. 5, Members, Q-Y
March. Book 1
Money and votes : the cost of election for first-time Finnish MPs
The House of Commons 1790-1820. 3, Members, A-F
Women in European politics : time for action
Sisu : "even through a stone wall" : the autobiography
Regents of nations : systematic chronology of states and their political representatives in past and present : a biographical reference book = Regenten der Nationen : systematische Chronologie der Staaten und ihrer politischen Repräsentanten in Vergangenheit und Gegenwart : ein biographisches Nachschlagewerk. Part 3, Asia & Pacific Oceania = Asien & Pazifischer Ozean
The future of Parliament : issues for a new century
Riigikogu directory
Democracy's privileged few : legislative privilege and democratic norms in the British and American constitutions
Representatives of the people? : parliamentarians and constituents in Western democracies
The internet and parliamentary democracy in Europe : a comparative study of the ethics of political communication in the digital age
Namibian parliamentary directory 1996/97
Analyzing congress
The hammer : Tom Delay, God, money, and the rise of the Republican Congress
Women in parliament : beyond numbers
Orphans of the Republic : the nation's legislators in Vichy France
Inside rationality : the division of labour in a parliamentary party group
Losing independence of finally gaining recognition? : contacs between MEPs and national parties
Choosing to lead : understanding Congressional foreign policy entrepreneurs
Evaluation of cooperation between principal and foreign partners in export business : case: Tamtron Group
Challenges for Finland and democracy
Committee assignments in the Finnish Parliament 1945-1994
Regents of nations : systematic chronology of states and their political representatives in past and present : a biographical reference book = Regenten der Nationen : systematische Chronologie der Staaten und ihrer politischen Repräsentanten in Vergangenheit und Gegenwart : ein biographisches Nachschlagewerk. Part 1, Africa, America
Parliamentary immunity in the members states of the European Union and in the European Parliament
The 9th riigikogu : 101 biographies
The National People's Congress of China
The Icarus agenda
The political representation of immigrants and minorities : voters, parties and parliaments in liberal democracies
The book represents an attempt to further bridges between mainstream theory on representation, and gender and politics theory, while offering a significant amount of empirical evidence. It links political input and output by tackling the democratic process from three different angles: (1) the mechanisms to access the representative institutions, (2) how do the representatives perform once they are elected, and (3) how well the MP's opinions match the voters' opinions, or how well does the 'electoral connection' function in substantive terms.
Abstract: Recruitment of MP's and determination of electoral success.
Passages to power : legislative recruitment in advanced democracies
My hair on a hat shelf
Diaries and letters 1945-1962
Women, quotas and politics
Structuring international contracts
Politician weblogs in Finland : members of Parliament as bloggers
English summary: Media capital as experienced by the politicians.
Summary (s. 5-8).
Regents of nations : systematic chronology of states and their political representatives in past and present : a biographical reference book = Regenten der Nationen : systematische Chronologie der Staaten und ihrer politischen Repräsentanten in Vergangenheit und Gegenwart : ein biographisches Nachschlagewerk. Pt. 3, 2, Western Europe : addenda, corrigenda, general alphabetic index
The House of Commons 1715-1754
Appointing commercial agents in Europe : the essential facts
Who's who : ... Lok Sabha
The Palestinian council
After the fire
Regents of nations : systematic chronology of states and their political representatives in past and present : a biographical reference book = Regenten der Nationen : systematische Chronologie der Staaten und ihrer politischen Repräsentanten in Vergangenheit und Gegenwart : ein biographisches Nachschlagewerk. Part 4, vol. 1, Western & Southern Europe = West- und Südeuropa
EC distribution law
Rules on parliamentary immunity in the European Parliament and the member states of the European Union
Regents of nations : systematic chronology of states and their political representatives in past and present : a biographical reference book = Regenten der Nationen : systematische Chronologie der Staaten und ihrer politischen Repräsentanten in Vergangenheit und Gegenwart : ein biographisches Nachschlagewerk. Part 2, America & Africa = Amerika & Afrika
Regents of nations : systematic chronology of states and their political representatives in past and present : a biographical reference book = Regenten der Nationen : systematische Chronologie der Staaten und ihrer politischen Repräsentanten in Vergangenheit und Gegenwart : ein biographisches Nachschlagewerk. Pt. 2, Asia, Australia - Oceania
Marketing : real people, real choices
Parliamentary representatives in Europe 1848-2000 : legislative recruitment and careers in eleven European countries
Attitudes about sports changing : MPs speak up
Tomorrow's leaders: bridging Asia and Europe : first ASEF young parlamentarians meeting, 13-16 November 1998
Public attitudes about Parliament, Kingston 2 June 1991. Parliament, parties and regionalism Ottawa 14. June 1991 = L'Opinion publique face au Parlement, Kingston 2 juin 1991. Le Parlement, les partis et le régionalisme Ottawa 14 juin 1[99]1
The role of the member of Parliament since 1868 : from gentlemen to players
Regents of nations : systematic chronology of states and their political representatives in past and present : a biographical reference book = Regenten der Nationen : systematische Chronologie der Staaten und ihrer politischen Repräsentanten in Vergangenheit und Gegenwart : ein biographisches Nachschlagewerk. Part 3, 1, Central-, Eastern-, Northern-, Southern-, South East Europe = Mittel-, Ost-, Nord-, Süd-, Südosteuropa
The House : the history of the House of Representatives
MPs as slack maximizers. Do MPs hide in the crowd?
Men in politics : revisiting patterns of gendered parliamentary representation in Thailand and beyond
Congress, keystone of the Washington establishment
Political leadership in democratic societies
Dependent agents as permanent establishments
Congress A to Z : CQ's ready reference encyclopedia
Guide to export-import basics : vital knowledge for trading internationally
Political parties and the concept of power : a theoretical framework
Comparing class-related opinions between MP candidates and party supporters : evidence from Finland
The House of Commons 1754-1790
International agency, distribution and licensing agreements
The favored daughter : one woman's fight to lead Afghanistan into the future
Sisu = "Even through a stone wall" : the autobiography
Diaries and letters 1939-1945
The primary objective of the thesis was to find out how the foreign representatives of Tamtron Group evaluate the cooperation between them and Tamtron Group. The study was conducted from the foreign representatives' point of view. The meaning was to identify how the foreign representatives experience the cooperation. The intention was to gather information for Tamtron Group to help it to improve these relationships. The study was conducted by using quantitative methods. The data was collected by using a self-completion questionnaire which was sent by email. The questionnaire contained both multiple choice questions and open questions. The sample of the research included all the foreign representatives of Tamtron Group. The questions handled the overall assessment of the relationship, positive aspects in the relationship, challenges facing the representatives and development ideas of the representatives. All the foreign representatives were categorized according to how long relationship they had with Tamtron Group. The categorization was made in order to see whether there were differences in the answers between the different groups. The study shows that the foreign representatives are in general satisfied with the cooperation. The overall satisfaction of all the representatives was basically at the same level, not depending on the length of the relationship they had with Tamtron Group. The most positive aspect in the relationship seemed to be the personal relations. The price reasoning and lack of technical competence formed the biggest challenges for the representatives. The issues for development seem to be technical and commercial training and more marketing material in representative's own language. The answers of the respondents to questions concerning challenges facing the representatives and development ideas varied to some extent according to the length of relationship. Lack of technical competence seemed to be bigger problem for representatives who had only few years' relationship with Tamtron Group than for representatives with longer experience. This means that Tamtron Group should focus on different issues on different phases of the relationship in order to improve the cooperation.
Preface; Notes on Contributors; PROSPECTS; Forty Years on and a Future Agenda - M.Ryle; What of Parliament's Future? - N.Johnson; A CHANGING PARLIAMENT; The Make-Up of Parliament - B.Criddle, S.Childs & P.Norton; Career Patterns and Professionalisation - M.Rush; A Changing Culture - M.Rush & S.Childs; WATCHING THE GOVERNMENT: PARLIAMENT AND SCRUTINY; Objects and Questions - P.Giddings & H.Irwin; Parliament and Public Money - J.McEldowney & C.Lee; Select Committees: Scrutiny a la Carte? - D.Natzler & M.Hutton; Scrutiny at and Beyond the Fringe - M.Flinders; The House of Lords: A Chamber of Scrutiny? - D.Shell; MAKING THE LAW: PARLIAMENT AND LEGISLATION; Parliament's Role and the Modernisation Agenda - D.Oliver, P.Evans, C.Lee & P.Norton; Modes of Scrutiny - D.Oliver, P.Evans & C.Lee; Untouched by Reform; Private Members Bills and Delegated Legislation - D.Oliver, D.Miers & P.Evans; Less is More - D.Oliver, D.Miers & P.Evans; GUARDING THE CITIZENRY; Time for Coherence: Parliament and the Constitutional Watchdogs - O.Gay; Judges, Lawyers and Parliament - D.Oliver & P.Evans; THE WORLD BEYOND WESTMINSTER; To War or not to War? That is the Question - P.Giddings; Devolution: From One Parliament to Four - B.Winetrobe; Westminster in Europe - P.Giddings; PARLIAMENT AND MEDIA; The Challenge of Adaptation - R.Negrine & C.Seymour-Ure; New Media and Parliamentary Democracy - S.Coleman; CONCLUSION; Purpose and Prospects - P.Giddings; Appendix: Publications by the Study of Parliament Group; Bibliography.
Candidate selection in comparative perspective : the secret garden of politics
On the road of a republic : the Eduskunta, the Parliament of Finland - a hundred years in pictures
The world became my room
Erskine May's treatise on the law, privileges, proceedings and usage of Parliament
The Finnish Eduskunta : still the Nordic 'Vatican'?
European party politics and gender : configuring gender-blanaced parliamentary presence
Legislatures are political bodies essential to democracy and the rule of law. They present social scientists with numerous intriguing puzzles, with far-reaching implications for our understanding of political institutions. Why, and how, have these ancient assemblies, established in pre-democratic times, survived the transition ...
Black faces, black interests : the representation of African Americans in Congress
Knowledge support in learning operative organisations
Three views to plenary voting : applying group cohesion, voting similarity and latent bloc analyses in the Finnish parliament
Parliamentary elections
Representing women? : female legislators in west European parliaments
State feminism and political representation
Abstract: Gendered political representation in Finland.
Presidential merry-go-round : a case study of a presidential election campaign of the year 2000 in Finland from the point of view of a campaign organisation
Diaries and letters 1930-1939
The Winter war : Finland against Russia 1939-1940
Congress and the constitution
Plenary votes and voting cohesion in Eduskunta : a descriptive analysis of the 1991-2006 parliamentary years
Parliamentary codes of conduct in Europe : an overview
Regents of nations : systematic chronology of states and their political representatives in past and present : a biographical reference book = Regenten der Nationen : systematische Chronologie der Staaten und ihrer politischen Repräsenten in Vergangenheit und Gegenwart : ein biographisches Nachschlagewerk. Part 1, Antiquity worldwide = Altertum weltweit
Agency in private international law : the Hague Convention on the law applicable to agency
Griffith & Ryle on Parliament : functions, practices and procedures
The Oxford handbook of legislative studies
The bodyguard
Parliamentary immunity : a comprehensive study of the systems of parliamentary immunity of the United Kingdom, France, and the Netherlands in a European context
The war years 1939-1945
The legislative career in Finland
The US Congress
The naming of the dead
A bit on the side : politicians, who pays them? : an insider's guide
Abstract: Political recruitment of Finnish women in the 1995 parliamentary elections and candidate selection.
The House of Commons 1790-1820. 4, Members, G-P
Inter-parliamentary symposium on the participation of women in the political and parliamentary decision-making process : reports and conclusions
Two versions of representative talk in Finnish parliament
Abtsract (s. 115).
