http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1521 Jesus Prayer
Jesus Prayer
The Jesus prayer
Jesus' teaching on prayer
From early on, Christians passed down the account of Jesus's agony at the prospect of his own death and his prayer that the cup should pass from him (Gethsemane). Yet, this is a troublesome aspect of Christian tradition. Jesus was committed to his death, but as it approached, he prayed for his escape, even as he submitted himself to God's will. Ancient critics mocked Jesus and his followers for the events at Gethsemane. The 'hero' failed to meet the cultural standards for noble death and masculinity. As such, this story calls for further reflection and interpretation. The present book unfolds discourses from the earliest centuries of Christianity to determine what strategies were developed to come to terms with Gethsemane.
Early Christian discourses on Jesus' prayer at Gethsemane : courageous, committed, cowardly?
Christe Eleison! : the invocation of Christ in Eastern monastic psalmody c. 350-450
Lord Jesus Christ : devotion to Jesus in earliest Christianity
Existence as prayer : the consciousness of Christ in the theology of Hans Urs Von Balthasar
Existence as Prayer: The Consciousness of Christ in the Theology of Hans Urs von Balthasar explores a major and controversial aspect of the thought of the Swiss theologian Hans Urs von Balthasar, the question of Christ's human consciousness. Although this issue is often cited in studies of Balthasar's theology, Mark L. Yenson analyzes it as a nexus for understanding the broader dynamics of Christology, Trinitarian theology, anthropology, and metaphysics in Balthasar's works. Rather than providing mere exposition, Yenson sets Balthasar's approach to Christ's consciousness against the background of the Council of Chalcedon and its reception, culminating in the all-embracing Christological vision of the great Byzantine thinker Maximus the Confessor. Balthasar's groundbreaking study of Maximus, Cosmic Liturgy, is shown to provide some important keys to Balthasar's later thought, and reveals Maximus as a vital resource for modern Christology. While this study is a significant contribution to the critical discussion of Balthasar's work, it will also serve as a valuable resource for anyone engaged in Christology. It will be extremely useful in advanced courses on Balthasar, classical Christology and its reception, and contemporary Christological questions.
