http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15248 peat treatment
peat treatment
Heterotrophic soil respiration in drained peatlands : abiotic drivers, and changes after clearfelling and afforestation
Northern forested wetlands : ecology and management
Metsätilastollinen vuosikirja 2012 : Skogsstatistisk årsbok = Finnish statistical yearbook of forestry
Peat in balneology and health care
Peatland classification for forestry in Finland
Kylpijät = The bathers
Peat balneology
Towards climate-responsible peatlands management
Best available technology (BAT) should be used for peat extraction runoff purification. One currently used BAT technique is treatment wetland construction on pristine peatland, but under Finnish national strategies, new peat extraction areas should only be established on previously drained peatland and it can be challenging to find natural, intact peatland for treatment wetlands near these areas. This thesis evaluated the function and purification efficiency of treatment wetlands constructed on drained peatland and examined factors that could indicate their purification efficiency. The year-round removal efficiency of treatment wetlands established in drained or pristine peatland areas in a cold climate was also studied. A first study examined the water flow processes in treatment wetlands constructed on drained peatland. In more than 50% of the 20 wetlands studied, the active flow depth was under 20 cm and water distribution was unequal. A second study determined the purification efficiency of treatment wetlands constructed on drained peatland and examined factors indicating removal efficiency. The removal efficiency of suspended solids and inorganic nitrogen was good, but in some wetlands leaching of phosphorus and iron was observed, e.g. due to changes in peat properties, first after drainage and then after rewetting, altering e.g., oxygen conditions in the peat layer. The surface peat content of elements such as phosphorus, iron, aluminum, magnesium, manganese, and calcium can be used as a proxy to assess leaching of phosphorus.A third study examined the year-round purification efficiency of treatment wetlands based on peat extraction load monitoring program values. Seasonal variation in the purification efficiency of constructed wetlands was observed for total nitrogen, ammonium-nitrogen, and chemical oxygen demand (CODMn). Based on these results, it is possible to evaluate the suitability of different drained peatland areas for water purification purposes. Treatment wetlands were shown to generally purify runoff water during winter mainly as well as in other seasons, except for nitrogen and CODMn, but there may be variations between wetlands.
Peat in horticulture
Phosphorus allocation in surface soil of two drained peatland forests following wood and peat ash application : why effective adsorption on low sorptive soils?
Models for predicting growth and yield in drained peatland stands in Finland
Peat in balneology and therapy
Peat extraction runoff water purification in treatment wetlands constructed on drained peatlands in a cold climate
Peatland Biogeochemistry and Watershed Hydrology at the Marcell Experimental Forest
Peatland ecology and forestry : a sound approach
Biomass and nutrient cycle in fertilized and unfertilized pine, mixed birch and pine and spruce stands on a drained mire
Peatland forestry : ecology and principles
Phosphorus retention in forest soils and the functioning of buffer zones used in forestry
Peat in horticulture : quality and environmental challenges : proceedings of the International Peat Symposium, Pärnu, Estonia, 3 - 6 September 2002
Towards best management of drained peatland forests - impacts of different silvicultural regimes on productivity and financial returns of Scots pine stands.
The forgotten arts and crafts
The forgotten arts
Metsätilastollinen vuosikirja 2009 : Skogsstatistisk årsbok = Finnish statistical yearbook of forestry
Converting cut-away peatlands for game management purposes
Peat and peatlands diversification and innovation symposium'89 Québec City, Québec, Canada 6-10 August 1989 : proceedings. Vol 1, Peatland forestry
