http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15296 secularisation
secularisation
How to reach secular people
Mors Britannica : lifestyle and death-style in Britain today
Contemporary religiosities : emergent socialities and the post-nation state
Acts of faith : explaining the human side of religion
Across the secular abyss : from faith to wisdom
Discontinuity & hope : radical change and the path to the future
Unsecular man : the persistence of religion
A general theory of secularization
The world's religions : continuities and transformations
After the deluge : essays towards the desecularization of the church
"In this major new study, Prasenjit Duara expands his influential theoretical framework to present circulatory, transnational histories as an alternative to nationalist history. Duara argues that the present day is defined by the intersection of three global changes: the rise of non-western powers, the crisis of environmental sustainability and the loss of authoritative sources of what he terms transcendence - the ideals, principles and ethics once found in religions or political ideologies. The physical salvation of the world is becoming - and must become - the transcendent goal of our times, but this goal must transcend national sovereignty if it is to succeed. Duara suggests that a viable foundation for sustainability might be found in the traditions of Asia, which offer different ways of understanding the relationship between the personal, ecological and universal. These traditions must be understood through the ways they have circulated and converged with contemporary developments"--
Discourse on civility and barbarity : a critical history of religion and related categories
The scientification of religion : an historical study of discursive change, 1800-2000
International relations and the secularisation of theological concepts : a symbolic reading
Islam and secularism in Turkey : Kemalism, religion and the nation state
Christian education in a secularized society : Lutheran World Federation Regional Consultation, Eastern Africa
The compact guide to world religions
Deconversion : qualitative and quantitative results from cross-cultural research in Germany and the United States of America
God the future of man
The Quran and the secular mind : a philosophy of Islam
Many European societies are characterised by increasing forms of secularisation and religious diversity. This results in a paradigm shift with regard to Many European societies are characterised by increasing forms of secularisation and religious diversity. This results in a paradigm shift with regard to religious education. For a long time, the main aim of religious education was, clearly, to educate children in their own religious tradition. Today, the aims of religious education are much broader: contributing to pupils' general education (Allgemeinbildung) and preparing them for participation as a citizen in the future, multicultural society. As a result, the following question arises in many countries: how can 'teaching into religion' be transformed into or complemented by 'learning about' and 'learning from (the study of) religions'? This book brings several distinguished authors in the field of religious education together to reflect on this paradigm shift. The book is divided into two parts. The first part is rather descriptive and gives an informative and up to date overview of the different discussions about religious education in several European countries. The second part is a normative reflection on the question of how religious education should be organised in plural secularised societies. "This book is very important for the discussion about religious education. Its comparative approach combined with the interdisciplinary dialogue between the different schools in the field of religious education, make this book highly recommendable for everyone who is interested in the state of the art and the future of religious education in Europe." Didier Pollefeyt, full professor in theology and religious education at the Catholic University of Leuven.
Did Christian Britain die in the 1960s?
Power and Christian ethics
Religious education in a plural, secularised society : a paradigm shift
Borderlands saints : secular sanctity in Chicano/a and Mexican culture
While until quite recently debates in political philosophy on questions of pluralism, tolerance, and liberal governance foregrounded notions of culture and cultural difference, today it is religion that increasingly provides the historical and conceptual resources for the contemporary reassessment of the pragmatic and philosophical conditions for pluralist democracy. Drawing on a few recent writings in the field of political theology, this paper explores some of the analytical directions that this repositioning of religion within contemporary narratives of modernity has opened up within political philosophy. As I seek to demonstrate, the domain of political theology has become the problem space, where the tensions and contradictions between a simultaneous insistence on Europe's secular identity and its Christian one are being elaborated. Through a ceratin double movement, secularism and Christianity have become productively fused within the writings I address, in a way that repeats the story of European exeptionality while inscribing the essential otherness of the Muslim populations within its borders. In the second part of the paper, I want to contrast these reflections from political philosophy with debates in postcolonial Egypt around issues of religion and the possibility of democratic pluralism.
The Kenyan epic novelist Ngugi : his secular reconfiguration of Biblical themes
Why politics needs religion : the place of religious arguments in the public square
Religious difference and democratic pluralism : some recent debates and frameworks
Culture and the death of God
Modernization, individualism and secularization
Introduction
Contemporary life and witchcraft : magic, divination, and religious ritual in Europe
A history of state and religion in India
Religion and modernization : sociologists and historians debate the secularization thesis
Religion and society in twentieth-century Britain
Beloved community : critical dogmatics after Christendom
Enlightenment in the colony : the Jewish question and the crisis of postcolonial culture
The secularization of the European mind in the nineteenth century : the Gifford lectures in the University of Edinburgh for 1973-4
Encountering islam : the politics of religious identities in Southeast Asia
Religion and its other : secular and sacral concepts and practices in interaction
Trinitarian faith and today's mission
The women's movement in Iran : women at the crossroads of secularization and islamization
In the first book to consider the study of world religion and world literature in concert, Zhange Ni proposes a new reading strategy that she calls "pagan criticism," which she applies not only to late twentieth- and early twenty-first-century literary texts that engage the global resurgence of religion but also to the very concepts of religion and the secular. Focusing on two North American writers (the Jewish American Cynthia Ozick and the Canadian Margaret Atwood) and two East Asian writers (the Japanese Endō Shūsaku and the Chinese Gao Xingjian), Ni reads their fiction, drama, and prose to envision a "pagan (re)turn" in the study of world religion and world literature. In doing so, she highlights the historical complexities and contingencies in literary texts and challenges both Christian and secularist assumptions regarding aesthetics and hermeneutics. In assessing the collision of religion and literature, Ni argues that the clash has been not so much between monotheistic orthodoxies and the sanctification of literature as between the modern Western model of religion and the secular and its non-Western others. When East and West converge under the rubric of paganism, she argues, the study of religion and literature develops into that of world religion and world literature.
Handing on the faith in an age of disbelief : lectures given at the Church of Notre-Dame de Fourvière in Lyons, France, and at Notre-Dame Cathedral in Paris
"This book considers the remarkable transformations that have taken place in India since 1980, a period that began with the assassination of the formidable Prime Minister Indira Gandhi. Her death, and that of her son Rajiv seven years later, marked the end of the Nehru-Gandhi era. Although the country remains one of the few democracies in the developing world, many of the policies instigated by these earlier regimes have been swept away to make room for dramatic alterations in the political, economic, and social landscape. Sumit Ganguly and Rahul Mukherji, two leading political scientists of South Asia, chart these developments with particular reference to social and political mobilization, the rise of the BJP and its challenge to Nehruvian secularism, and the changes to foreign policy that, in combination with its meteoric economic development, have ensured India a significant place on the world stage. The book is intended for students and anyone interested in understanding this diverse, energetic, and youthful democracy"--
Protestant modernity : Weber, secularization, and Protestantism
Secularization : an analysis at three levels
Secularization : in defence of an unfashionable theory
Religion as poetry
Semi-secular individuals, those who are neither religious nor unreligious, seldom get the attention of scholars of religion. Here, however, they stand at the center. The interviewees live in the same Stockholm neighborhood and it is their ways of talking about and relating to religion that is analyzed and described. Simultaneity is one particular feature in the material. This concept emphazises a 'both and' approach in: the way the respondents ascribe meaning to the term religion; how they talk about themselves in relation to diff erent religious designations and how they interpret experiences that they single out as out-of-theordinary. These simultaneities are explained and theorized through analyses focusing on intersubjective and discursive processes. This work adds to a critical discussion on the supposedly far-reaching secularity in Sweden on the one hand and on the incongruence and inconsistency of lived religion on the other. In relation to theorizing on religion and religious people, this study offers empirical material that nuance a dichotomous understanding of 'the religious' and 'the secular'. In relation to methodology it is argued that the salience of simultaneity in the material shows that when patterns of religiosity among semisecular Swedes are studied there is a need to be attentive to expressions of complexity, contradiction and incongruity.
Mission under scrutiny : confronting current challenges
Secularism or democracy? : associational governance of religious diversity
The pagan writes back : when world religion meets world literature
The sociology of secularisation : a critique of a concept
"In this work of historical sociology, I explore various Asian social and cultural responses - actual and potential - to the unsustainable nature of global modernity as we have known it. While the period of this study covers the last hundred years or so, I range back in time to better understand these responses in our present moment that is characterized by three global changes: i)the rise of non-Western powers, ii); the loss of authoritative sources of transcendence (eg Marxism or religion) and iii) the looming crisis of planetary sustainability"--
The crisis of global modernity : Asian traditions and a sustainable future
The secularization of the European mind in the nineteenth century
The future of religion : secularization, revival and cult formation
John Locke's theory of toleration is generally seen as advocating the privatization of religion. This interpretation has become conventional wisdom: secularization is widely understood as entailing the privatization of religion, and the separation of religion from power. This book turns that conventional wisdom on its head and argues that Locke secularizes religion, that is, makes it worldly, public, and political. In the name of diverse citizenship, Locke reconstructs religion as persuasion, speech, and fashion. He insists on a consensus that human rights are sacred insofar as humans are.
Secularism and its opponents from Augustine to Solzhenitsyn
Healing secular life : loss and devotion in modern Turkey
This book offers a wide range of critical perspectives on how secularism unfolds and has been made sense of across Europe and Asia. The book evaluates secularism as it exists today - its formations and discontents within contemporary discourses of power, terror, religion and cosmopolitanism - and the focus on these two continents gives critical attention to recent political and cultural developments where secularism and multiculturalism have impinged in deeply problematical ways, raising bristling ideological debates within the functioning of modern state bureaucracies. Examining issues as controversial as the state of Islam in Europe and China's encounters with religion, secularism, and modernization provides incisive and broader perspectives on how we negotiate secularism within the contemporary threats of terrorism and other forms of fundamentalism and state-politics. However, amidst the discussions of various versions of secularism in different countries and cultural contexts, this book also raises several other issues relevant to the antitheocratic and theocratic alike, such as: Is secularism merely a nonreligious establishment? Is secularism a kind of cultural war? How is it related to "terror"? The book at once makes sense of secularism across cultural, religious, and national borders and puts several relevant issues on the anvil for further investigations and understanding.
Crisis of doubt : honest faith in nineteenth-century England
Secularisation in the Christian world : essays in honour of Hugh McLeod
Religion : beyond religion
Faith in the public realm : controversies, policies and practices
"The image of a rough frontier--where working men were tempted away from church on Sundays by more profane concerns--was perpetuated by postwar church leaders, who decried the decline of religious involvement on the west coast. The Secular Northwest debunks the myth of a godless frontier, revealing a Pacific Northwest that was serious about its secularity, consciously rejecting the trappings of organized religion but not necessarily spirituality--and not necessarily God. In this pioneering new book, Tina Block challenges notions of feminine piety and spiritual practice, reconceiving the role of religion in the postwar era. Women, families, and middle-class communities all helped to shape Northwest secularism, but the freedom to be religiously uninvolved came at a cost: the rejection of religion often led to family, gender, and class tensions. Drawing on oral histories, census data, news articles, and private archives, Block paints irreligion as a dynamic element of Northwest identity, grounded in the region's unique geography, the cultural permeability of the Canada United States border, the independent spirit of those who called the region home, and their openness to secular ways of experiencing the world."--
Secularization without end : Beckett, Mann, Coetzee
Re-claiming the Bible for a non-religious world
"This book addresses representations of belief in the polarized post-9/11 Age of Terror. Naydan tracks how both major and less-known contemporary authors of diverse religious heritages negotiate religious and ideological differences that involve secularism and atheism on the one hand and religious fundamentalism and fanaticism on the other" --
Philip Kitcher constructs an original and persuasive secular perspective, one that answers human needs, recognizes the objectivity of values, and provides for the universal desire for meaningfulness. Kitcher thoughtfully and sensitively considers how secularism can respond to the worries and challenges that all people confront, including the issue of mortality. He investigates how secular lives compare with those of people who adopt religious doctrines as literal truth, as well as those who embrace less literalistic versions of religion. Whereas religious belief has been important in past times, Kitcher concludes that evolution away from religion is now essential. He envisions the successors to religious life, when the senses of identity and community traditionally fostered by religion will instead draw on a broader range of cultural items--those provided by poets, filmmakers, musicians, artists, scientists, and others. With clarity and deep insight, Kitcher reveals the power of secular humanism to encourage fulfilling human lives built on ethical truth.
Life after faith : the case for secular humanism
Indian political thought : a reader
Constellations of value : European perspectives on the intersections of religion, politics and society
Resistance and visions : postcolonial, post-secular and queer contributions to theology and the study of religions = Resistencias y visiones : contribuciones postcoloniales, postseculares y queer a la teoloǵia y a los estudios de las religiones = Widerstand und Visionen : der Beitrag postkolonialer, postsäkularer und queerer Theorie zu Theologie und Religionswissenschaften
The fountain : a secular theology
Is critique secular? : blasphemy, injury, and free speech
The future of illusion : political theology and early modern texts
For over 200 years, scholars have been debating, analyzing, and exploring one of the most important books ever written - The Bible - and overturning much of what we know about this sacred library of books. However, a large group of people who actually use this book, mainly lay Christians, aren't aware of this larger, deeper conversation. It is for these people that Spong writes Re-Claiming the Bible for a Non-Religious World, a primer on the history and significance of the Bible. In this thorough, substantive guide, Spong explores the origin and essential meaning of each of the individual books in the Bible, examining the background, the context, the level of authenticity and even the trustworthiness of the messages found there. He explains why these particular books, written between two and three thousand years ago, came to be regarded as authoritative and preserved as sacred; he traces the pathway that biblical religion has traveled as it evolved through the centuries, and he shows how people have misused many of these texts in the service of their prejudices. Reaching far beyond the familiar Sunday-school stories that have provided the content of most people's biblical knowledge, Spong's journey into the heart of the Bible is his attempt to call his readers into their own journeys into the mystery of God. One does not, he asserts, have to twist one's brain into a first-century pretzel in order to take the Bible seriously in this increasingly non-religious world.
God for a secular society : the public relevance of theology
The relational dynamics of enchantment and sacralization : changing the terms of the religion versus secularity debate
Religion and politics in Europe, the Middle East and North Africa
Orhan Pamuk, secularism and blasphemy : the politics of the Turkish novel
The crisis of secularism in India
Intellectual discourse and the politics of modernization : negotiating modernity in Iran
The Alevis in Turkey : the emergence of a secular Islamic tradition
Purity and danger now : new perspectives
Christianity and the crisis of cultures
The secular faith controversy : religion in three dimensions
Grace and truth in the secular age
Secularism in the postcolonial Indian novel : national and cosmopolitan narratives in English
The retreat from Christianity : the Maurice lectures for 1951.
Europe is a relatively secular part of the world in global terms. Why is this so? And why is the situation in Europe so different from that in the United States? These are the key questions considered in this book; key questions (the theme) clearly articulated in the first chapter.Subsequent chapters explore the nature of Eurosecularity in more detail (the variations on the theme) - paying attention to its historical, philosophical and institutional dimensions. They also ask how the question of Eurosecularity is related to social difference (class, ethnicity etc.). In each chapter, the similarities and differences with the American case will be carefully examined. The final chapter explores the ways in which these features translate into policy on both sides of the Atlantic. This book is highly topical and relates very directly to the tensions between Europe and America in the present period.
Secularization and religious change : a conceptual clarification
Religion: Beyond Religion introduces the reader to life outside of religion via the study of secularity. Composed of twenty thematic chapters, this volume begins with an overview chapter designed to familiarize the reader with common terms used in the field. The book's first section focuses on how secularity functions in society, its second section on the psychological and philosophical aspects of secularity. Throughout the volume, the chapters discuss many alternatives to religion, including atheism, agnosticism, and humanism. A broader discussion of how society is becoming more secular and why people choose to be nonreligious echoes through each chapter. Using an interdisciplinary approach, undergraduate and lay readers are given a deeper understanding of the study of religion. Chapters are written by eminent scholars, are peer reviewed, and offer bibliographies to encourage further exploration. The volume concludes with a glossary and a comprehensive index.
Judaism in the secular age : essays on fellowship, community and freedom
Confronting secularism in Europe and India : legitimacy and disenchantment in contemporary times
The mission of the Churches in a secularised Europe : biblical aspects of mission : report of the study consultation of the Conference of European Churches, 2-6 May 1988, Sigtuna, Sweden
Secularism and freedom of conscience
The sacred in the modern world : a cultural sociological approach
Piety and poverty : working-class religion in Berlin, London, and New York, 1870-1914
The joy of secularism : 11 essays for how we live now
Myth of the empty Church
Religion in the new Europe
Humanism : a very short introduction
On secularization : towards a revised general theory
Beyond the secular West
Is reality secular? : testing the assumptions of four global worldviews
Religion and the demographic revolution : women and secularisation in Canada, Ireland, UK and USA since the 1960s
Peasant perspectives of clerical debauchery in post-Emancipation Russia
The secular ideology : an impotent remedy for India's communal problem
Edward Said's translocations : essays in secular criticism
The gestures of God : explorations in sacramentality
Religion in the contemporary world : a sociological introduction
Can belief be taken for granted when the modern self is now so thoroughly cut off from the transcendent? The philosopher Charles Taylor has argued, in his influential work A Secular Age, that it cannot. But theologian Ronald F. Thiemann, likewise a prominent public intellectual, asserts - against Taylor - that people can yet find divine significance in the ordinary and everyday as much as in structured faith and worship. Thiemann's subtle idea of the humble sublime hinges on a notion of sacred immanence, or what he calls 'sacramental realism': of holiness present in the hidden. Finding continuity between theological and overtly 'secular' writers, he shows that the late medieval and early modern eras gave rise to the persistent idea that God may be found not just where he might be expected to be, but also in his opposite. Discussing in turn Luther, realistic painting and Charles Taylor's overarching narrative in A Secular Age, the author then pursues the theme of the humble sublime in the literary and social critical works of Anna Akhmatova, Langston Hughes, George Orwell and Albert Camus. He argues passionately in favour, even in a secular context, of the idea of sacred worth as a vital component of modern identity. This powerful melding of secular and sacred has a strong ethical and political dimension, especially in resisting tyranny. Thiemann's final book will appeal to all those committed to sacred value, whether agnostics, atheists or believers.
Gendering religious change : negotiations of boundaries of institutional religion in women's angel practices and LGBTQ activism in Finland
What is religion?
Christianity in crisis?
Living simultaneity : on religion among semi-secular Swedes
Christ's entry into Brussels : (in the year 2000 and something, or thereabouts)
Modernity, Islam, and secularism in Turkey : bodies, places, and time
Why believe?
Sociology of religion : contemporary developments
What is secular humanism?
The republic unsettled : Muslim French and the contradictions of secularism
Radical theology and the death of God
Varieties of secularism in Asia : anthropological explorations of religion, politics, and the spiritual
The secular outlook : in defense of moral and political secularism
American secularism : cultural contours of nonreligious belief systems
The social reality of religion
Religions in the modern world : traditions and transformations
New multicultural identities in Europe : religion and ethnicity in secular societies
The secular Northwest : religion and irreligion in everyday postwar life
Secularism and religion-making
Do we need religion? : on the experience of self-transcendence
Post-secular philosophy : between philosophy and theology
Religious ideas for secular universities
The making of post-Christian Britain : a history of the secularization of modern society
Legitimizing human rights : secular and religious perspectives
Secularization and the world religions
Religion, rights and secular society : European perspectives
Religion in public : Locke's political theology
The dialectics of secularization : on reason and religion
Unforeseen history
Secularization and cultural criticism : religion, nation, & modernity
The humble sublime : secularity and the politics of belief
Colette's republic : work, gender, and popular culture in France, 1870-1914
Democracy in modern Iran : Islam, culture, and political change
Secular man and Christian mission : a discussion through correspondence
Sociologists and religion
Secularisation : sacred values in a secular world
Conscience : a very short introduction
The changing religious landscape of Europe
A thicker Jesus : incarnational discipleship in a secular age
Superstitious regimes : religion and the politics of Chinese modernity
Religion in a secular city : essays in honor of Harvey Cox
(Un)believing in modern society : religion, spirituality, and religious-secular competition
Multiculturalism and moral conflict
The end of Irish Catholicism?
Anatheism : returning to God after God
Toward a sociology of irreligion
Christian education in a secular society
Starting all over again : hints of Jesus in the city
The politics of postsecular religion : mourning secular futures
Making sense of the secular : critical perspectives from Europe to Asia
Homeschooling, freedom of conscience, and the school as republican sanctuary: an analysis of arguments representing polar conceptions of the secular state and religious neutrality
Contesting secularism : comparative perspectives
As we enter the twenty-first century, the role of religion within civic society has become an issue of central concern across the world. The complex trends of secularism, multiculturalism and the rise of religiously motivated violence raise fundamental questions about the relationship between political institutions, civic culture and religious groups. Contesting Secularism represents a major intervention into this debate. Drawing together contributions from leading scholars from across the world it analyses how secularism functions as a political doctrine in different national contexts put under pressure by globalisation. In doing so it presents different models for the relationship between political institutions and religious groups, challenging the reader to be more aware of assumptions within their own cultural context, and raises alternative possibilities for the structure of democratic, multi-faith societies.Through its inter-disciplinary and comparative approach, Contesting Secularism sets a new agenda for thinking about the place of religion in the public sphere of twenty-first century societies. It is essential reading for policy-makers, as well as for scholars and students in political science, law, sociology and religious studies.
Introducing radical orthodoxy : mapping a post-secular theology
The Dutch and their gods : secularization and transformation of religion in the Netherlands since 1950
Secularization and its discontents
The secular state under siege : religion and politics in Europe and America
Religion, secularization and political thought : Thomas Hobbes to J. S. Mill
Religion, spirituality and the social sciences : challenging marginalisation
The religious and the secular : Studies in secularization
Conceptualising socio-cultural dimension of islamic political thought in the politics of AKP
Emerging non-religious worldview prototypes : a faith Q-sort-study on Finnish group-affiliates
Rhetorics of religion in American fiction : faith, fundamentalism, and fanaticism in the age of terror
Modern myths, locked minds : secularism and fundamentalism in India
Secularization and social integration : papers in honor of Karel Dobbelaere
A soul for Europe? : contributions of European churches to the forum of the convention on the future of Europe
God is dead : secularization in the West
The Victorian crisis of faith has dominated discussions of religion and the Victorians. Stories are frequently told of prominent Victorians such as George Eliot losing their faith. This crisis is presented as demonstrating the intellectual weakness of Christianity as it was assaulted by new lines of thought such as Darwinism and biblical criticism. This study serves as a corrective to that narrative. It focuses on freethinking and Secularist leaders who came to faith. As sceptics, they had imbibed all the latest ideas that seemed to undermine faith; nevertheless, they went on to experience a crisis of doubt, and then to defend in their writings and lectures the intellectual cogency of Christianity. The Victorian crisis of doubt was surprisingly large. Telling this story serves to restore its true proportion and to reveal the intellectual strength of faith in the nineteenth century.
Not work alone : a cross-cultural view of activities superfluous to survival
The nonreligious : understanding secular people and societies
Marxism and Christianity
The construction of history and nationalism in India : textbooks, controversies and politics
Power religion : the selling out of the evangelical church?
In the maelstrom of secularization collaboration and persecution : Roman Catholicism in modern Czech society and the state
Working with processes of translocation enabled Edward Said to point out interdependence and complementarity across geographical borders and disciplinary boundaries while recognizing cultural difference and the distinct historical experiences of colonizer and colonized. This book brings into focus Said's politics of reading, from his literary criticism in English to his political columns in Arabic. The international contributors--from Britain, Egypt, France, Germany, India, Switzerland, and the United States--investigate his intellectual legacies without necessarily identifying themselves with the critical positions these involve. Instead of treating his work as a unitary theoretical system, the various arguments explored offer a critical assessment of those situations in which his writing has entered into a productive relationship with other theoretical positions and interlocutors. The collection considers location, which has always been a central category in and for Said's writing; readings, which designates the acts by which, according to Said, the world comes to be constituted; and legacies, which pertains to the many fields across the boundaries of established academic disciplines that have taken up Said's challenges. The critical positions visited in this book include critical and cultural theory, postcolonialism, literary studies, theatre and performance studies, and visual and music studies.
The secularization debate
Globalization challenged : conviction, conflict, community
Religion, state, and society : Jefferson's wall of separation in comparative perspective
Religious America, secular Europe? : a theme and variations
"Can secularism continue to provide a foundation for political legitimacy? It is often claimed that one of the cultural achievements of the West has been its establishment of secular democracy, wherein religious belief is respected but confined to the sphere of private belief. In more recent times, however, political secularism has been increasingly called into question. Religious believers, in numerous traditions, have protested against the distortion and confinement that secularism imposes on their faith. Others have become uneasily aware of the way in which secularism no longer commands universal assent in the way it once did.Confronting Secularism in Europe and India adds to this debate by staging a creative encounter between European and Indian conceptions of secularism with a view to continuing new and distinctive trajectories of thought about the place and role of secularism in contemporary times. Looking at political secularism, the relationship between secularism and religion, and religious and secular violence, this book considers whether there are viable alternatives to secularism in Europe and in India"--
Secularism and Muslim democracy in Turkey
Edward Said's rhetoric of the secular
Unsafe Gods : security, secularism and schooling
The paradox of religious secularity
The decline of the sacred in industrial society
Religions in Eastern Africa under globalization
