http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1522 prayers
prayers
Where are you, spirits : style and theme in Berawan prayer
When we pray together
Common worship : collects and post communions
Praying by the book : the scripturalization of prayer in second temple Judaism
Islamic Tourism as a Prosperous Phenomenon in Lapland
Beyond : Buddhist and Christian prayers
The authorised daily prayer book of the united Hebrew congregations of the Commonwealth
Ecclesiasticus II: Orthodox Icons, Saints, Feasts and Prayer brings together essays, which were delivered on various occasions and are arranged into four general topics-hence the subtitle. The first section on Icons offers an introductory lecture on the iconoclastic dispute with a select (updated) bibliography and a fresh exposition, on the basis of the original text of St. John of Damascus' Defense of the Icons. The second section on Saints represents an introduction to Orthodox Hagiography, which was prepared for the Orthodox-Reformed Dialogue, and offers an extensive bibliography on the subject. The third section on Feasts is a general presentation of the major movable and immovable feasts of the Orthodox liturgical years and dovetails with the section on the Saints. Finally, the fourth section on Prayer offers two expositions of the Lord's Prayer, one by St. Maximos the Confessor and another by St. Macarios of Corinth, which are representative of the patristic understanding of this Prayer that constitutes the basis of Orthodox spirituality.
Liturgies for Christian unity : the first hundred years [1908-2008]
Let us pray to the Lord : a collection of prayers from the Eastern and Oriental Orthodox traditions
Ecclesiasticus. 2, Orthodox icons, saints, feasts and prayer
Tara's enlightened activity : an oral commentary on the twenty-one praises to Tara
Prayer from Alexander to Constantine : a critical anthology
Moses, God, and the dynamics of intercessory prayer : a study of Exodus 32-34 and numbers 13-14
The liturgy of the hours in East and West : the origins of the divine office and its meaning for today
Intercessions at worshop : a guide for those who lead them
The Tibetan book of the dead : the great liberation through hearing in the Bardo
The folklore of Spain in the American Southwest : traditional Spanish folk literature in northern New Mexico and Southern Colorado
Seeking the favor of God, 1. Vol. 1, The origins of penitential prayer in Second Temple Judaism
A procession of prayers : prayers and meditations from around the world
Cursing the Christians? : a history of the Birkat haminim
Prayer book
In God's hands : common prayer for the world
Seder R. Amram Gaon. Part 2, The order of Sabbath prayer
Coming to light : contemporary translations of the native literatures of North America
Prayer, meditation and silence
The prayers of man : from primitive peoples to present times
A book of prayers : poems, prayers and thoughts for every day
Prayers written at Vailima
The prymer or Lay folks' prayer book (with several facsimiles). Part 1, Text
The integrity of text and context in the prayers of British Library, Cotton MS Nero A.
What are Christians praying when they pray the "Lord's Prayer," and what relationship does it have with Jesus' own context? Jeffrey B. Gibson suggests that understanding its intent requires understanding Jesus' purpose in calling disciples as witnesses against "this generation." In context, the prayer was not eschatological, but was meant to protect disciples from the temptations of their age.
Studies in Cheremis. Vol. 2, The supernatural
Please
Oromo oral poetry seen from within / Catherine Griefenow-Mewis, Tamene Bitima (eds.) ; with an introduction by Wilhelm J. G. Möhlig
The nonverbal language of prayer : a new approach to Jewish Liturgy
Praying the rosary : a complete guide to the world's most popular form of prayer
Two ways of praying
Common worship : rites on the way
The sacramentary of Sarapion of Thmuis : a text for students
The concept of prayer
The prymer or Lay folks' prayer book (with several facsimiles). Part 2, Introduction : section 1, the origin of the prymer
Meditations on the Supper of our Lord, & the Hours of the Passion
Aquinas at prayer : the Bible, mysticism and poetry
The Armenian prayers attributed to Ephrem the Syrian
A short and easy method of prayer : praying the heart of the father
On prayer
The college graces of Oxford and Cambridge
The prayer cycle : a choral symphony in nine movements
A history of prayer : the first to the fifteenth century
How the children became stars : a family treasury of stories, prayers, and blessings from around the world
Aquinas at Prayer draws attention to important aspects of Aquinas's life and work which have been all too often overlooked or forgotten. Today Aquinas is almost exclusively regarded as an outstanding scholastic philosopher and theologian. But what is little known is that Aquinas was, first and last, a teacher of the Bible - a Master of the Sacred Page. Moreover there is a distinctly mystical character to his theology. And, as a writer, he was not only a poet but, arguably, the greatest Latin poet of the Middle Ages. The primary focus of this most engaging new book is to explore the question of Aquinas's own practice of prayer and his teaching on prayer in his commentaries on the Psalms and St Paul. The book is strengthened by quotations from Aquinas in fresh translations.
The semiosis of prayer and the creation of plausible fictional worlds
The open gate : Celtic prayers for growing spiritually
Koinonia : services and prayers = Liturgien und Gebete = services et prières = liturgias y oraciones
Simple and bold : Ephrem's art of symbolic thought
Determinism and petitionary prayer in John and the Dead Sea Scrolls : ideological reading of John and the rule of community (1QS)
Problems with prayers : studies in the textual history of early rabbinic liturgy
The intercessions handbook : creative ideas for public and private prayer
What are we doing when we pray? : on prayer and the nature of faith
Suppressed prayers : Gnostic spirituality in early Christianity
A child's book of prayers : from many faiths and cultu-re
The sanctus in the eucharistic prayer
Prayer is my whole life
They cried to the Lord : the form and theology of Biblical prayer
The Lord's prayer and Jewish liturgy
Affecting performance : meaning, movement, and experience in Okiek women's initiation
Daily prayer and its ascetic context in the Syriac and Ethiopic Testamentum Domini
Patterns of daily prayer in Second Temple period Judaism
On the prayer of Jesus
Pater noster : a choral reflection on the Lord's Prayer
The Jesus Prayer
Intercessory prayer : modern theology, biblical teaching, and philosophical thought
The disciples' prayer : the prayer Jesus taught in its historical setting
Counsel from the ancients : a study of Badaga proverbs, prayers, omens and curses
Lectio divina : an ancient prayer that is ever new
Common worship : services and prayers for the Church of England
The seven days of the heart : prayers for the nights and days of the week
Service of the heart : a guide to the Jewish prayer book
Prayers of the Eucharist : early and reformed : texts translated and edited with commentary
The Oxford book of prayer
Christian Prayer through the centuries
Meister Eckhart, "On the Lord's prayer " : De oratione dominica : introduction, text, translation and commentary
Prayers from the East : traditions of Eastern Christianity
Sacred words : a study of Navajo religion and prayer
Handbook for liturgical studies. Volume 3, The eucharist
The SPCK book of Christian prayer
The Lord's Prayer in the Sayings gospel Q
Prayer in Josephus
Responsible grace : John Wesley's practical theology
Jesus' teaching on prayer
Prayers to our lord Jesus Christ & a safeguard for the soul
Carmina Gadelica : hymns and incantations : with illustrative notes on words, rites, and customs, dying and obsolete : orally collected in the highlands and islands of Scotland. Volume 3
Sha'are tefilah = Gates of prayer : the new union prayerbook : weekdays, Sabbaths, and festivals, services and prayers for the synagogue and home
Early Jewish prayers in Greek
The Lord's prayer in the sayings Gospel Q
A prayer for spiritual elevation and protection : al-Dawr al-aʻ lā (·Hizh al-wiqāya)
With all God's people : the new ecumenical prayer cycle : orders of service
Crisis in masculinity
For all Godś people : ecumenical prayer cycle
Seyder tkhines : the forgotten book of common prayer for Jewish women
Our Father
Prayers that cite Scripture
Inscribing the text : sermons and prayers of Walter Brueggemann
The Lord's Prayer in Q
Ruth Langer offers an in-depth study of the birkat haminim, a Jewish prayer for the removal of those categories of human being who prevent the messianic redemption and the society envisioned for it. In its earliest form, the prayer cursed Christians, apostates to Christianity, sectarians, and enemies of Israel.
The way of the heart : desert spirituality and contemporary ministry
Common worship : President's edition
Oral charms in structural and comparative light = Zagovornye teksty v strukturnom i sravnitel'nom osveŝenii
The erotic Pater noster, redux
Prayer from Tobit to Qumran : inaugural conference of the ISDCL at Salzburg, Austria, 5-9 July 2003
Difficulties in mental prayer
Native American religious action : a performance approach to religion
The longing of the heart : Augustine's doctrine on prayer
Liturgy and muse : the Eucharistic prayer
The eucharistic prayer of Addai and Mari
Tune of the Yakumo-goto : myth and the Japanese spirit : the Japanese instrument of prayer
A prayer book of Catholic devotions : praying the seasons and feasts of the church year
On the Lord's prayer
Of rolling waters and roaring wind : a celebration of the woman song
Prayers for the Christian year
Salat : according to five scholls of Islamic law. Vol. 2
Healing words : the power of prayer and the practice of medicine
Charms, prayers, amulets : verbal magic and daily life in medieval and early modern Bulgaria
Prayer power unlimited
The God you already know : developing your spiritual and prayer life
Limot Hol : Daily Prayer Book [ Kol Haneshamah] with readings for use in a house of mourning and throughout the year
The six days of destruction : meditations toward hope
Norito : a translation of the ancient Japanese ritual prayers
Conversations with God : two centuries of prayers by African Americans
The Ordinal of Montecassino and Benevento : breviarium sive ordo officiorum, 11th century
Fifty prayers
Prayer : an analysis of theological terminology
Sorry
The Jesus prayer
