http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15217 interpersonal communication
interpersonal communication
Reaching out : interpersonal effectiveness and self-actualization
More quick team-building activities for busy managers : 50 new exercises that get results in just 15 minutes
Communications : inspiring performance : guide to coaching leaders to lead as coaches
This text is a unique and comprehensive introduction to the issues and research in the area of personal relationships. Written from an interdisciplinary perspective, the text focuses on the development, maintenance, and functions of both friendship and intimacy.
Progress in communication sciences. Volume 10
Kids talking : learning relationships and culture with children
Stop talking, start communicating : counterintuitive secrets to success in business and in life
(Producer) Explains the academic sources she draws on in her research, and address the most critical questions concerning language, meaning, and her analysis of conversational style.
Genderspeak : personal effectiveness in gender communication
This volume examines maintaining relationships through communications through relational, contextual, and cultural variations. Topics covered include: family relationships; romantic relationships; repair after transgression; long-distance relationships; relational maintenance in organizational settings; gay/lesbian relationships; culturally-mixed couples; marriage in Russia and the United States; and maintaining relationships in Korea.
Thanks for the feedback : the science and art of receiving feedback (even when it is off-base, unfair, poorly delivered, and frankly, you're not in the mood)
The 7 powers of questions : secrets to successful communication in life and at work
The meaning of "relationship" in interpersonal communication
The positive side of interpersonal communication
The cognitive bases of interpersonal communication
Nonviolent communication : a language of life
Communicating : a social, career and cultural focus
Together : communicating interpersonally
Small message, big impact : how to put the power of the elevator speech effect to work for you
I only say this because I love you
Speech and communication in the primary school
Improving Internal Communication between Marketing and Buying Departments: Case Company
Therapeutic interaction in nursing
No one understands you and what to do about it
Communication in face to face interaction : selected readings
Interpersonal adaptation : dyadic interaction patterns
Building on past research that includes prosocial-antisocial communication, positive psychology, as well as complementing the dark side of interpersonal communication, this groundbreaking volume brings together veteran interpersonal communication scholars to examine the bright, positive sides of communication in human relations. Together, they begin to frame a conceptual foundation for studies on the positive side of interpersonal communication, or in general terms, relational communication that promotes happiness, health, and wellness. In the process they examine moments of relational beauty, laughter and play, positive emotion, relational support, understanding, and forgiveness, as well as facilitation of positive character traits and positive relational communication values. "The Positive Side of Interpersonal Communication" is intended to serve as a starting point for future research as well as inspiring new areas of interpersonal communication scholarship.
Seeking compliance : the production of interpersonal influence messages
Personal relationships : an interdisciplinary approach
Watershed research traditions in human communication theory
The dark side of family communication
Social approaches to communication
Dialectical approaches to studying personal relationships
PlanetHero : collaborative system for public good initiatives : exploration of design opportunities and challenges in collaboration of public good sector in Cape Town, SA
Listening behavior : measurement and application
Conflict dialogue : working with layers of meaning for productive relationships
Between ourselves : an introduction to interpersonal communication
"The ability of doctors to properly diagnose and treat patients is often colored by non-specific factors that can affect outcomes in profound ways. Communication between doctors and patients is key, but often what is left unsaid is just as important, and messages from outside sources such as medical journals, drug companies, and other patients can affect how a doctor treats any one patient at any one time. This book outlines the non-specific factors that come into play when doctors and patients interact, how both doctors and patients can overcome these messages to focus in on the health of the person sitting on the table, and how psychological factors in both the doctor and the patient can affect medical outcomes. Anyone hoping to improve the medical care they give or the medical care they get will find in these pages strategies for improving those results"--Provided by publisher.
"The iPhone represents an important moment in both the short history of mobile media and the long history of cultural technologies. Like the Walkman of the 1980s, it marks a juncture in which notions about identity, individualism, lifestyle and sociality require rearticulation. this book explores not only the iPhone's particular characteristics, uses and "affects," but also how the "iPhone moment" functions as a barometer for broader patterns of change. In the iPhone moment, this study considers the convergent trajectories in the evolution of digital and mobile culture, and their implications for future scholarship. Through the lens of the iPhone as a symbol, culture and a set of material practices around contemporary convergent mobile media the essays collected here explore the most productive theoretical and methodological approaches for grasping media practice, consumer culture and networked communication in the twenty-first century."--
Personality and interpersonal communication
Communication studies : the essential introduction
Introduction : interpersonal communication : linguistic points of view
Communicating by telephone
Leadership through people skills
The handbook of lifespan communication
Explaining communication : contemporary theories and exemplars
Human communication theory and research : concepts, contexts, and challenges
Communication : apprehension, avoidance, and effectiveness
Russian managers' perception of Finnish managers
Communicating
Interplay : the process of interpersonal communication
Conflict communication : a new paradigm in conscious communication
Nonlinear Distortion in Wireless Systems: Modelling and Simulation with Matlab(r) describes the principles of modeling and simulation of nonlinear distortion in single and multichannel wireless communication systems using both deterministic and stochastic signals. Models and simulation methods of nonlinear amplifiers explain in detail how to analyze and evaluate the performance of data communication links under nonlinear amplification. The book deals with the analysis of nonlinear systems with stochastic inputs and establishes the performance metrics of communication systems with regard to nonlinearity. The relationship between nonlinear system parameters (which are model dependent) and system performance figures of merit is established when the input to the system consists of real-world communication signals. The book also addresses the problem of how to embed models of distortion in system-level simulators such as MATLAB&trade; and MATLAB Simulink&trade; where practical techniques that professionals can use immediately on their projects are presented. The book explores simulation and programming issues and provides a comprehensive reference of simulation tools for nonlinearity in wireless communication systems.
Interpersonal communication : relating to others
Think communication
Researching interactive communication behavior : a sourcebook of methods and measures
Organization of behavior in face-to-face interaction
The interpersonal communication book
The psychology of human communication
Perspectives on human communication
Intersecting identities and interculturality : discourse and practice
Training in interpersonal skills : TIPS for managing people at work
The coordinated management of meaning : a festschrift in honor of W. Barnett Pearce
Once upon a time : using story-based activities to develop breakthrough communication skills
Between director and actor : strategies for effective performance
Progress in communication sciences. Volume 14, Mutual influence in interpersonal communication : theory and research in cognition, affect, and behavior
The SAGE handbook of public relations
Dotted landscape : constructive research into interactive displays in shared spaces
Now in its tenth edition, Reaching Out, the most comprehensive, practical and applied text available on interpersonal skills, remains squarely focused on the dynamics found in virtually all interpersonal relationships. With new information about online interaction and relationships, expanded content on barriers to communication, and revised content throughout, the text continues to keep pace with the latest theories, sources of interpersonal communication and research in the field. By reviewing current psychological research on how to build and maintain friendships and then integrating this material with a rich array of skill-building exercises, the text provides a thorough and appealing approach to learning about interpersonal skills. The examples featured in the text provide both contemporary and historical illustrations of how interpersonal skills have had significant effects on important events across many disciplines.In reading this engaging and accessible text, readers acquire the skills and knowledge to do the following: a) get to know and trust each other; b) communicate with each other accurately and unambiguously; c) resolve conflicts and relationship problems constructively; and d) encourage and appreciate diversity. No matter what occupations or relationships students undertake, their success will largely be determined by how skilled they are interpersonally. With this effective resource for learning about the basic interpersonal skills, its audience will begin a journey of continuous improvement.
Close encounters : communication in relationships
"Have you ever had the feeling that you're just not getting through to the person you're talking with, or coming across the way you intend to? You're not alone. Our usual approach is to just talk louder, to try harder to get our message through. This is almost always the wrong approach. Why? Because other people almost never see us the way we see ourselves. Fortunately, these distortions in perception are systematic, understandable, and surmountable. Heidi Grant Halvorson, bestselling author of Nine Things Successful People Do Differently and Focus, now shows you how to communicate effectively-despite these unintentional (yet widespread) distortions of perception. By better understanding how communication and perception really work, you'll learn to send the right signals at the right time, no matter who you're communicating with"--
Interpersonal messages : communication and relationship skills
The verbal communication of emotions : interdisciplinary perspectives
Buzz marketing strategy for iPhone in Finland
Interpersonal communication : everyday encounters
Women and men communicating : challenges and changes
Communication : motivation, knowledge, skills
Now in its third edition, Communication: Motivation, Knowledge, Skills (previously Human Communication: Motivation, Knowledge, and Skills) is a textbook for the basic (hybrid) communication course at 2- and 4-year colleges and universities. Beginning with the premise that all forms of communication can be important, this text helps students develop a framework for choosing communication messages and behaviors that will allow them to communicate competently in any situation. Through a theoretically-based and skills-oriented approach, the text emphasizes the basic themes of motivation, knowledge, and skills across the contexts of interpersonal communication, small group communication, public speaking, and computer-mediated communication and mass communication. This book features the collaborative work of three recognized experts in the communication discipline, each of whom is a specialist in one of the three areas covered in the hybrid iteration of the basic communication course: Interpersonal communication, Brian H. Spitzberg; Small group communication, J. Kevin Barge; Public speaking, Sherwyn P. Morreale; offers an approach to the basic processes of human communication based on a communication competence model pioneered by Brian H. Spitzberg; and includes extensive coverage of mediated competence and mass communication. In addition to theoretically based but accessible content, all chapters have features designed to enhance teaching and learning.These include the story of a student experience that opens each chapter and is discussed and used to illustrate the chapter's content; tables and boxes related to important topics presented to intrigue student readers and lock in learning"; self-assessment tools students can use to evaluate their own motivation, knowledge, and skills related to real-world situations; and knowledge-building discussion questions and competence activities for home assignments or in-class groups at the conclusion of each chapter.
The practice of questioning
Radio resource management for cellular networks enhanced by inter-user communication
The development of communication as a discipline has resulted in an explosion of scales tapping various aspects of interpersonal, mass, organizational, and instructional communication. This sourcebook brings together scales that measure a variety of important communication constructs. The scales presented are drawn from areas of interpersonal, mass, organizational, and instructional communication--areas in which the use of formal, quantitative scales is particularly well developed. Communication Research Measures reflects the recent important emphasis on developing and improving the measurement base of the communication discipline. It results in an equal amount of labor saved on the part of the scholars, students, and practitioners who find this book useful, and it contributes in a significant way to research efforts. Originally published by Guilford Press in 1994, now available from Routledge.
"The Handbook of Communication Skills" is recognised as one of the core texts in the field of communication. This thoroughly revised and updated third edition arrives at a time of considerable growing interest in this area, with recent research showing the importance of communication skills for success in many walks of life. The book's core principle, that interpersonal communication can be conceptualised as a form of skilled activity, is examined in detail and a comprehensive transactional model of skilled communication presented, which takes into account current conceptual and research perspectives. This book provides a comprehensive analysis of research, theory and practice in the key skill areas of communication, such as non-verbal communication, persuasion, leadership, assertiveness, self-disclosure, listening and negotiation. Each chapter is written by a recognised authority in that particular specialism, among them world leaders in their particular fields. In the 10 years since the last edition, a large volume of research has been published and the text has been comprehensively updated by reviewing this wealth of data. In addition a new chapter on persuasion has been added - one of the areas of most rapid growth in social psychology and communication. "The Handbook of Communication Skills" represents the most significant single contribution to the literature in this domain. It will be of continued interest to researchers and students in psychology and communication, as well as in a variety of other contexts, from vocational courses in health, business and education, to many others such as nurses and social workers whose day-to-day work is dependent on effective interpersonal skills.
Abstract: Russian managers' perception of Finnish managers.
Interpersonal sensitivity : theory and measurement
This book is a translated version of her PhD, rewritten to make it accessible for worldwide publication. It documents the 16-years of practical research which underlies these new methods. Haptices and Haptemes is a part of the Social-Haptic Communication philosophy which explores how the humanistic qualities of touch can be applied to different client groups. This includes people who need to develop touch-based communication methods in healthcare and educational settings. It recognises the importance of body language and environmental information in a visual context, allowing greater interactive process between clients and their families in an expanding community.
Skilled interpersonal communication : research, theory, and practice
Communication and interpersonal relations : text and cases
Tannen examines conversation style and explains that how you say things is often as important as what you say. In part 2, Deborah Tannen explains the academic sources she draws on in her research and describes issues concerning language, meaning and her analysis of conversational style.
Interpersonal communication and human relationships
Gender, power, and communication in human relationships
Enrich your personal and work relationships with the art of compassionate communication. What if you could defuse tension and create accord in even the most volatile situations just by changing the way you speak? Over the past 35 years, Marshall Rosenberg has done just that, peacefully resolving conflicts in families, schools, businesses, and governments in 30 countries on 5 continents.
Between husbands & wives : communication in marriage
Promotional strategy : managing the marketing communications process
Handbook of interpersonal communication
Communication
Connecting with children : developing working relationships
Interpersonal communication : a goals-based approach
Exploring professional communication : language in action
"Women, Men and Language" is an essential introduction to the key area of language and gender. It sketches the historical background, summarises recent research and introduces students to the key issues in the field using an unpretentious and clear style. Gender is a hugely popular topic and this book provides the answer to questions such as 'Do men and women talk differently?'; 'In what ways do they talk differently'; 'Does Language play a role in male dominance?'.
Handbook of communication skills
Youth, society, and mobile media in Asia
Abstract: Haptices and haptemes : a case study of developmental process in touch-based communication of acquired deafblind people.
Family storytelling : negotiating identities, teaching lessons, and making meaning
Communicating effectively : tools for educational leaders
Communication and the aging process : interaction throughout the life cycle
Book presents organizational communication from both a communication and managerial perspective. Professor Miller's clear writing style and consistent use of examples and case studies result in a text that undergraduate students will find easy to understand.
"This book presents a functional taxonomy to see, understand, and manipulate the roots of life's conflicts. You will have the background, the principles, and a collection of tricks to manage and ideally avoid dangerous conflicts. You may not realize that your reactions to conflict are subconscious, scripted, and for the good of the group. Once recognized, you can take actions that will reduce your being caught up in conflicts."--Publisher.
Language and social knowledge : uncertainty in interpersonal relations
The human dialoque : perspectives on communication
How to make people like you in 90 seconds or less
1 on 1 : a companion video presentation to Deborah Tannen: That's not what I meant!
Supportive communication in Finnish men's friendships
Interviewing : principles and practices
Workplace communication for the 21st century : tools and strategies that impact the bottom line. Volume 1, Internal workplace communication. Volume 2, External workplace communication
Disrupted dialogue : medical ethics and the collapse of physician-humanist communication (1770-1980)
Communication research measures : a sourcebook
Studies in applied interpersonal communication
The international encyclopedia of interpersonal communication
Between people : a new analysis of interpersonal communication
Relating : dialogues and dialectics
Key themes in interpersonal communication : culture, identities and performance
Exploring family theories
Interpersonal communication : evolving interpersonal relationships
Communicating interculturality in the workplace
Creating collaborative advantage
Managing conflict at work : understanding and resolving conflict for productive working relationships
Communication and aging
Failure to communicate : how conversations go wrong and what you can do to right them
Developing communication theories
Studying mobile media : cultural technologies, mobile communication, and the iPhone
Improving medical outcomes : the psychology of doctor-patient visits
Elements of interpersonal communication
Human communication
Not just talking : conversational analysis, Harvey Sacks' gift to psychotherapy : a new model showing how the management of the therapeutic dialogue is vital for a successful outcome in psychotherapy
Communication : principles for a lifetime
Getting real
Communication at work : management and the communication-intensive organization
Just listen : discover the secret to getting through to absolutely anyone
Communication : theories and applications
Communication pedagogy : approaches to teaching undergradutate courses in communication
The first make-or-break step in persuading anyone to do any thing is getting them to hear you out. Whether the person is a harried colleague, a stressed-out client, or an insecure spouse, things will go from bad to worse if you can't break through emotional barricades.
Interpersonal communication : roles, rules, strategies, and games
That's not what I meant! : language, culture, & meaning
Communications : Inspiring Performance describes how to influence people through positive and trustworthy interpersonal communications. Great leaders speak, write, and listen in a manner that connects with people and moves them to action. By learning the competencies of creating compelling content, engaging the audience, and maintaining communication flow, you are able to capture people's minds and hearts as well as foster the healthy exchange of ideas and information. The SCOPE of Leadership book series teaches the principles of a coaching approach to leadership and how to achieve exceptional results by working through people. You will learn a straightforward framework to guide you in developing, enabling, exhorting, inspiring, managing, and assimilating people. Benefit from the wisdom of many years of leadership, consulting, and executive coaching experience. Discover how to develop the competencies that align consistently with great leadership.
The lost art of listening : how learning to listen can improve relationships
Organizational communication : approaches and processes
This book discusses how people go about achieving their social goals through human symbolic interaction. The editors' collective presumption is that there are more or less typical ways that people attempt to obtain desired outcomes -- be they persuasive, informative, conflictive, or the like -- through communication. Representing a first summary of research done by scholars, primarily in the communication discipline, this volume seeks to identify and understand how it is that people achieve what they want through social interaction. Under the very broad label of strategies, this research has sought to: * identify critical social goals such as gaining compliance, generating affinity, resolving social conflict, and offering information; * specify, for each goal, the ways, or strategies, by which people can go about achieving these goals; * determine predictors of strategy selection -- that is, why does a person opt for one strategy over others to obtain the desired end? The research also reflects the attention the field of communication has given to strategy issues in the past 15 years. The chapters describe research on the ways in which people achieve different goals, and summarize existing research and theory on the attainment of social goals. Readers will gain insight into many of the issues that exist regardless of the strategy being discussed. Thus, this volume may not include chapters on topics such as ways people elicit or offer disclosure, ways people demonstrate anger, or ways people create guilt, but the issues that appear consistently throughout the various chapters should apply equally to these. Finally, the essays in this volume provide not only a summary of what has been accomplished to date, but also an initial theoretic map for future research concerning strategic interpersonal communication.
Teaching networking : an interpersonal communication competence perspective
Face-to-face interaction : research, methods, and theory
A comprehensive overview of the theories, concepts and processes that interpersonal communication researchers use to explain a wide variety of social interaction phenomena. Over 270 entries explore: interpersonal conflict, negotiation, relationship development, interactional adaptation, social influence, and, communication in the workplace, at school and within family life. Encompasses both theory and practice, bringing together the fascinating and groundbreaking research from the field, from the first generation of interpersonal communication scholars to the very latest developments.
Language as a tool for role identity construction in a multilingual setting : a case study of Bulgarians lining in Finland
Interpersonal communication : the social exchange approach
Suitable for the interviewing course, this title continues to reflect the growing sophistication with which interviewing is being approached, incorporating the expanding body of research in all types of interview settings, communication theory, and the importance of equal opportunity laws on interviewing practices.
Interpersonal processes : new directions in communication research
Bridges not walls : a book about interpersonal communication
This highly-regarded introduction to communication book offers a comprehensive blend of basic communication theory, research, and skills, with a strong emphasis on relationship communication (social), workplace (career), and intercultural communication (culture). Communicating introduces the basic principles of communication and applies them to interpersonal, group, interviewing, and public speaking contexts. The book stresses communication competence through boxed material, Learn by Doing activities, thought-provoking questions, and self-assessment tests. New and strengthened pedagogy highlights and reinforces the book's social, career, and cultural themes, with a particular emphasis on intercultural communication and communicating in an increasingly high-tech, global environment.
Applied interpersonal communication matters : family, health, & community relations
Voices in the street : explorations in gender, media, and public space
Speaking of... communication
Maintaining relationships through communication : relational, contextual, and cultural variations
Mediated interpersonal communication
Young children's rights : exploring beliefs, principles and practice
Communication for businesses and the professions
Women, men and language : a sociolinguistic account of sex differences in language
Distinctive qualities in communication research
Communication and personal relationships
Haptices and haptemes : a case study of developmental process in social-haptic communication of acquired deafblind people
A perspective on social communication
The dark side of close relationships II
Beginnings in relational communication
This sourcebook provides students and researchers with tools for studying communication behaviors through direct observation. It covers both cutting-edge and well-established systems, measurements, and procedures, as well as detailed information on measurement selection, coding, reliability assessment, and analysis. KEY FEATURES: *An emphasis on observable aspects of behavior grounds readers in the identifiable features of interpersonal and relational interactions for effective application to research. *Practical guidance on applying measurement systems to actual research allows researchers to immediately use the measures and techniques in their own research. *Contributions by many of the most well-known and accomplished experts in conducting observational research on social interaction inspire readers to undertake their own original research. *Reviews of published research put the measures in a theoretical context and provide readers with exemplars for their own research. *Examples of behaviors (verbal and nonverbal) and how they are represented in the measure or category system help users understand the "meaning" of the categories and their application to actual data.
Interpretive approaches to interpersonal communication
Talk like a winner! : 21 simple rules for achieving everyday communication success
